The Jewel of the Flock
Ward Knippling

The Jewel of the Flock and all characters and places therein were written and are owned by Ward Knippling
Copyright 2015 Ward Knippling
Distributed by Smashwords

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedicated to my amazing family, and my beautiful lady. I never would have finished this without their support. Thank you so much for your love and patience!

Contents
One: The Festival of the Hunt
Two: Parting Ways
Three: The Stowaway
Four: True Colors
Five: Royal Welcome
Six: The Gnome Engineer
Seven: Quagmire
Eight: A Doctor’s Practice
Nine: Homecoming
Ten: The King’s Mission
Eleven: Dry Heat
Twelve: Warning a Nation
Thirteen: Assassination Attempts
Fourteen: The Exiled General
Fifteen: The Council of Elders
Sixteen: Getting Noticed
Seventeen: Familiar and Unexpected
Eighteen: Awakening

Chapter 1
The Festival of the Hunt


Eoru was widely considered by the denizens of the nation of Ruoth to be just about the most pleasant place to live.  It was a small farming community near the Moeller Mountains, and the town always seemed abundant with life, no matter what the season.  The winters were peaceful, if not in the weather, then at least in the minds of the citizens.  The town went into a sort of hibernation, their stockpiles gathered for the season would ensure they could enjoy some relaxation before spring came and put them all back to work.  Winter was also a good time of year for the children, as the predators native to the region mostly went into hibernation; allowing the young ones to venture outside the town’s walls and explore.
Springtime brought the planting season which bolstered the town’s economy.  The farmers and their families could be seen cheerfully working the fields on any given day.  Their work might have seemed tedious and endless to others, but manual labor has a tendency to build character and bonds in the people who perform it.  With blooming flowers and perfect weather for fishing, it was not hard to see how the people could remain peacable.
Summer was hot and humid; it was during this season that the citizen’s morale was tested the most.  Hard work raising livestock and tending crops during dry spells could dampen the spirits of even the most cheerful of the townsfolk.
It was in autumn that the town really thrived.  Autumn was the harvest season, and there was never a single man, woman, or child who didn’t delight in the collection of the fruits of their labors.  Bushels, bundles, barrels, baskets, silos, and entire barns would be packed to their breaking points to prepare for the oncoming winter.  Any crops leftover (and there were normally plenty) would be hauled to larger neighboring towns, such as the capitol of the nation, Ruothenak City, for a profit.
Most denizens of Eoru agreed, however, that the best part of autumn was the Festival of the Hunt, an annual tradition in the town that would normally take place shortly after the harvesting season ended.  The tradition began many generations ago:  a group of men had a quarrel over which of their sons was better suited to become the heir to the position of mayor.  This matter was settled by a contest, and the next morning the boys were suited up and sent off on a hunt.  Upon their return, the men were astounded to see that their sons had each brought home with them a vast amount of impressive game.  From that point on, every year on the seventh of the second month, the boys between the ages of eleven and thirteen were sent off on a hunt.  It was a chance to prove their strength, and upon their return they were declared men of the village and would be called upon to assist in its defense from that time forward.
The Festival of the Hunt soon became a renowned event not only in the continent of Ruoth, but in the other continents as well.  Adventurers, traders, hunters, and other such men and women from around the world would gather in the small village to join the celebration.  Often times, they would bring prizes for the winners.  Other travelers would sneak into the wilderness with the hope of finding one of the participants.  If they did find a contestant in the hunt, they would help out that contestant, and then return to the village and begin placing bets, already knowing the outcome.  Many years, a young boy or girl (if they wanted to participate) would come home dragging game far too dangerous for them have bagged on their own.  If the game was proven to be killed by someone other than the participant, then they were disqualified.
This year however brought no such cheating.  The winner, a farmer's son by the name of Burtis Crued, came home with a large mountain snake.  It was nearly fifteen feet in length, and its fangs were roughly the size of kitchen knives. While some of the other boys had come home with larger game, Burtis won due to the sheer danger of pursuing an extremely poisonous mountain snake, let alone one that was fifteen feet.  The hunt had been over for nearly two hours, and the next part of the celebration had commenced.  It was customary for the contestants to be taken to the bar and given their first drinks as adults.  The local pub, The Crescent Eagle, had started the custom after the very first hunt, and had since grown as much as the event itself had.  There was now room in the pub for the entire village and then some.  The patrons were laughing, slopping beer and wine on the floor as they made toasts and sang songs.  The bartender, a rotund man named Boris Myhrrth, had opened his best barrels of ale for the occasion.  The first round was always on the house during the celebration, and the spirits were high.
It was during a toast to young Burtis that the door burst open.  A lean figure covered in a blood red travelers cloak made his way into the bar, which was now silent as the patrons watched this strange new comer.  He had a feathered cap on his head, a bow and a quiver slung across his back, and a thick rapier on his side.  He made his way to the bar, swept off his hat to reveal a mess of short black hair that was disheveled and matted around his head, as though the hat rarely came off.  His eyes were a deep blue, and above the left was a scar that ran from the eyebrow to the top of his eye.  His eyes swept the pub, and noticing he had the patrons' attention, he spoke loudly for all to hear.
"I am Theodore Marquie," he said in a slow drawling voice that the patrons recognized to be native of the southern continent.  But that was not all that they recognized about the man.  He was somewhat of a celebrity, an adventurer known across the world.  He was quite famous for his brave and heroic deeds in helping the weak and oppressed.  "I have traveled a great deal to answer a call of distress.  I understand you have a troll problem, and I shall defeat the beast for you, good citizens.  I need only to be pointed in the proper direction."
There was a stunned silence that greeted his words.  Finally, Boris the bartender spoke up, "Beggin' yer pardon, messer Marquie sir," he said, "But I'm not knowin' of any troll problem in these parts."  It took a moment for Theodore to comprehend what the bartender had said.  When he had, he looked around at the rest of the crowd.
"Surely someone else then has seen the horrible beast," Theodore scanned the crowd, but only saw confused faces.  Some of which were shaking side to side.  "Now hold on one second!" he exclaimed, the dignified air in his voice long gone.  "Do you mean to tell me that there is no cave troll problem in this town?"
"That's what we mean to tell you," said a woman in the back.
"But I received a summons!" Theodore was determined to get some recognition out of the crowd, "It says quite clearly on this paper that a mad troll is rampaging about the village of Eoru, and that my assistance would be greatly appreciated with the matter."
"Well I can' think as to why anyone'd write somethin' like that," replied Boris, "We've ne'er had problem's with trolls.  Sound's to me as though yeh've been hoodwinked, lad."  Theodore gave one last desperate look over the crowd looking for some sign of recognition to the problem he thought he would be facing.  Finding none, he slumped into a seat at the bar, next to the hunt contestants.  The party resumed as though nothing had even happened.
"Ah, don' worry about it," Boris replied to the disgruntled Theodore, "Here, yer first drink's on the house tonight.  What can I get you?"
"A large brandy would be nice," Theodore replied.  He gave the bar a quick glance and asked, "Pray tell, bartender, what’s the occassion?"
"The Day of the Hunt," answered Boris, "You may have heard of it before..."
"I have," Theodore interrupted him as he grabbed his glass, "I just never thought I'd get a chance to actually see it.  Who was the winner this year?"
 The bartender jerked his balding head to the left, "Third seat to your left, young Burtis Creud.  Bagged 'im a mountain snake, he did."
"Really now?" Theodore was amazed that such a young lad could have tackled a mountain snake on his own.  He reached into his satchel and pulled out a few gold pieces.  "Well in honor of ceremony, I'll buy the huntsmen a round, shall I?"  This was met to applause, and soon the boys were recounting their hunting tales for what must have been the hundredth time to Theodore.  After a while, he started into his own tales of some of the fiercest foes he had encountered on his travels.  He was in the middle of a tale about a particularly fierce moel barbarian when he was cut off by a loud thumping noise.  Much like when Theodore had arrived, the crowd had grown silent, and all eyes turned to the door.
The thumping grew louder, and as it did the glasses on the tables and countertops began to shake with each thud.  The thumping stopped just short of knocking Theodore's glass to the floor (which he hadn't noticed, his eyes fixed on the door).  There was a deep grunt right outside the door, and then it slowly opened.
 Enormous fingers wrapped around the door, and pulled it open.  And if the fingers were large, then the creature they belonged to was gigantic.  It was nearly ten feet tall, with gray skin and flaming red hair.  It was without a shadow of a doubt, a troll.  But it looked strange to Theodore's eyes at first, and it wasn't until the shock began dying away that he noticed what was peculiar about this troll.  Its teeth were well kept, even, and white; where as most trolls' teeth were dull yellow brick-like objects, most trolls missing a few in the front.  Trolls normally were grossly obese, adding to their physical strength and prowess.  This particular troll, however, was very lean and seemed to be muscularly similar to a human.  He had the same oversized arms that most trolls had; only he kept his posture upright, like a human or a moel.  He was wearing a pair of grey slacks and a fur vest (Theodore noticed that it was the fur of a sand bear, native to the western continent, Ugbae).  Over his back was an enormous satchel, so big that he could have easily fit two or three good sized men in it.  Theodore's stomach gave a sickening turn at this thought, and he silently grabbed the hilt of his sword, waiting for the troll to make its move.
The troll gazed around the silent pub.  Every patron seemed to be holding his or her breath, waiting for the troll to make a move.  Finally it stretched out its arms and said, in a deep, booming voice that echoed through the silence, "Who was the winner this year?"  
Young Burtis leaned backwards in his chair and said, "Over here, Barn'!"
The troll focused its red eyes on the lad for a moment and then said, "Well congratulations, lad!  You're father must be very proud!"
"Sure am, Barnabas!"  Burtis' father exclaimed, "Wos quite suprised I wos!  Came 'ome wit' a mountain snake, 'e did!"
The troll, the huntsman champion and his father began recounting the tale of the hunt in loud cheery voices.  The tense air of the bar dissolved immediately and the patrons (minus Theodore) went back to their drinks.  Theodore was staring, open mouthed at the troll.  He turned back to the bartender, a look of incredulity on his face.
"What?" The bartender asked, "I got somfink on my face?"
"THAT!" Theodore said loudly through gritted teeth, as though he were trying to be secretive but was too shocked to pull it off, "IS A TROLL!  I thought you said you had no troll problem!"  The bartender raised one of his thick eyebrows and smiled at Theodore.
"What, you mean Barnabas?"  Boris asked with a chuckle, "Well, he's no problem, no sir!  Jus' the other day he was in here 'elpin set up for the hunt.  Damn useful 'e is!"
"He's not a rampaging menace to your village?"
"'Course not!" Boris said, as though this was the most obvious thing in the world, "Barnabas ain't like other trolls.  Not any I've ever met or any that he has at that.  He's smarter than anyun in the village, I'd wager."
Theodore leaned back to get another look at the troll.  And after looking past the obvious troll qualities, he could see the intelligence.  Barnabas’ eyes were perfectly focused, bright and cheerful; not the dull animal look of most trolls.  His hair was long, but tamed into a small ponytail and his beard was trimmed into a spiked goatee on his large chin.  The troll had presented himself in the most stately manner that he could, and while it was a bit alarming at first to see a troll stately dressed and neatly shaven, it was much better than finding a normal troll, about to tear the bar down.
The troll finished his chat with Burtis and spoke loudly to the crowd.  His voice was deep, loud, and demanded the attention of all in the bar.  And attention was given.  "Now I will give my prizes to the winners!" He called out.  Every eye was suddenly one the satchel that the troll hoisted carefully off of his shoulder and set gently on the ground.
"Ooh!" Theodore heard a woman whisper excitedly, "This is always my favorite part!"  Barnabas extracted from the satchel a beautiful hunting horn.  It was carved from oak and ivory, and had numerous animals carved into the side.  Theodore glimpsed briefly a bear, a swamp hog, and a moose before the troll lifted it to his lips and blew.  The note quavered slightly because the horn was designed for human lips, and the troll's were simply too big for it.  But the note was still beautiful to the ears.  It was obvious that he had practiced it a lot, which Theodore then concluded meant that the troll himself had carved this horn.
"This horn," the troll explained while cleaning off the mouthpiece, "has been imbibed magically by a friend of mine from the western continent.  When blown, all who hear it will know that a great hunter is in their midst.  It will strike fear into the hearts of any villain you may be pursuing, or who may be pursuing you.  Let all know of your status as a formidable ranger with every blow on this horn!"  The crowd erupted into cheers as Barnabas draped the pristine leather strap over the boy's neck and right shoulder, so that it hung across his back.  The boy quickly swung it up to his face and blew into it.  The note he blew was much cleaner than the troll's, and Burtis' father's eyes filled with tears of pride at the sound.
 Barnabas then began digging through his satchel again.  This time, however, he began pulling out multiple leather quivers.  Upon closer inspection, Theodore noticed that they were tanned from the hide of a quarry devil.   A quarry devil was a four legged monstrosity that lived in mountain caves and dined on rocks (when it couldn't find anything softer).  Their skin was thick enough to withstand cannon fire from twenty feet.  There were only two races in all of Tagrent that worked with quarry devil skin:  the dwarves and the moel, for they were the only intelligent species with the strength capable of tanning the hide, let alone killing the beasts.  But even they were not this talented; they normally only made extremely durable but crudely formed breastplates, greaves and other forms of armor.  These quivers, Theodore realized, must have been made by the troll as well.  They were the consolation prizes for the losers of the hunt, and Theodore realized he had never been more jealous of someone who had lost a competition.  Each of those quivers would probably last a lifetime and be worth over three hundred gold coins a piece.
 Finished with handing out the consolation prizes and receiving expressions of gratitude, Barnabas walked to the bar and seated himself on a large barrel around the corner and next to Theodore.  Boris called to Barnabas from across the bar.
 "Usual, Barn?"
 "That would be splendid," Barnabas replied, "A plate of olives to go with it, if you would be so kind."
 "Not a problem," Boris chuckled.  He grabbed a small barrel and pryed off the lid.  This he set on the bar in front of Barnabas.  He went into a room behind the bar and was gone for a few seconds and then reemerged with a plate of olives.  He handed the olives to Barnabas, who took the plate and emptied it into the barrel.  Picking up the barrel as if it was a glass, and to him it was, Barnabas shook it and took a quick sip.  Smacking his lips, he turned his attention to the rest of the bar, taking in the festive air.  Finally he realized that Theodore was staring at him, and he took a quick look over Theodore’s form.
 "So then," Barnabas said to Theodore, "A friend from Gathnad?  I haven't seen anyone from the southern continent in quite some time.  What news do you bring?"
 Theodore was taken aback.  He had obviously not introduced himself to the troll yet.  "Tell me, my dear troll," he asked, "How do you know my homeland?  I can't say we've officially been introduced."
 "Of course not," Barnabas chuckled, "I merely noticed your attire.  Your button up coat and feathered hat were tailored for you in Gunther City, were they not?  I recognize the craftsmanship."
 "Indeed they were," Theodore marveled at the troll’s intuition.
 "I travel to Gathnad on occasion to sell my wares," Barnabas explained.  He took another sip of his drink and then asked, "So what is your name, traveler?"
 "Theodore Marquie, at your service," Theodore answered, sweeping his hat off his head and extending his right hand.  Barnabas shook it, looking delighted.
 "Well isn't this a treat!" he said merrily, "And what's brought a celebrity like you to our little village?  The Day of the Hunt?"
 "Well, actually, I came here on business.  But it turned out to be a faux call," Theodore glumly answered.  He had forgotten about the ordeal for a while.
 "Could you explain?" Barnabas asked.
 "Well, I received a summons," Theodore explained, pulling the summons out of his satchel.  "It requested my help in defeating a rampaging troll.  What an off-putting surprise it was to arrive here from almost two weeks’ travel from Gathnad only to discover there's not a rampaging troll in the village!"
 "Do you mind if I take a look at that?" Barnabas asked.  Theodore shrugged and handed him the summons.  Barnabas pulled out a piece of soft cloth from his satchel.  He unfolded it to reveal a large monocle, which he placed in his right eye.  He examined the paper and after a few seconds, said, "Aha!  I knew it.  The old bat!"
 "You know of the person who summoned me?"  Theodore asked.
 "Yes, unfortunately," Barnabas said with a trace of a smile on his face.  "She's an old crone who lives on the other side of the village.  She is rather distrustful of me, but is too greedy to refuse my sales.   And unfortunately for me, she is the only person in the surrounding forty miles who can mix a burral antidote.  Very handy to have along on my trips to the Moeller Mountains.  While preparing for a trip to hunt the quarry devil that provided those quivers, I realized I was low on burral antidote, so I stopped by her hut.  As usual she decided to raise her prices outlandishly, and also as usual I refused to pay her a ruby coin more than it was worth.  She threatened me with revenge, but I was used to that kind of treatment from her and left.  I am placing a guess that she followed through on the threat this time, and that I am supposed to be the rampaging troll in this letter."
 "Her logic was rather flawed, wasn't it?" Theodore took the letter back, "If that really was her intent, wouldn't it have been obvious that I would have found out you weren't a threat before attacking you?"
 "Not really," Barnabas replied, "Quite frankly you'd be very surprised at how many foreigners attack me on sight; forcing the villagers to come to my assistance.  For some reason my attackers rarely take my word for it when I tell them I am friendly with the people of Eoru."
 "I suppose that is only natural, but I find it quite enlightening to meet one such as you," Theodore said, "Are your parents as intelligent as you are?"
 "Unfortunately, no they aren't," Barnabas answered, "I never knew my mother; my father raised me until I was twenty.  Those years were harsh.  I was more intelligent than he was by the age of ten, but I didn't understand that.  We were normal trolls at that time, completely isolated, and I had no discernable way to determine how intelligent I was, or even that my father was rather unintelligent.  I first left my father's cave at the age of twenty, as is instinctive and normal for my kind.  Unlike most trolls, however, instead of moving into a new cave further down the mountain range, I looked upon the world outside the mountains with fascination.  It was at that moment, seeing the world outside and wondering how my father and all the other trolls I had met could want to stay cooped up in a cave, that I realized I was a bit different.  I set off looking to see what this strange green world had to offer.
 "Naturally, the first few years were exceedingly hard.  I came upon Eoru on my third day of travel, and was greeted by the villagers.  And when I say greeted, I mean to say attacked.  I defended myself for a while, but then my unnatural intelligence shone forth, and I laid down my weapon and surrendered.  Never having seen a troll surrender before, the villagers were not sure what to think about it.  They were talking to themselves about what to do with me, and while I was listening I slowly began to understand what they were saying.  Of all the languages I’ve learned thus far, the humans’ was the easiest to pick up.  After a while, I had enough of an idea as to how to speak it that I expressed my neutrality.  Shocked at hearing a troll speak the human language (even if it was a very battered version) the villagers decided to keep me alive.
"They brought me before their mayor, who asked me my purpose coming to the village.  I remember what I told him, because it makes me laugh that I was ever so terrible at speaking human.  'I am arrived for that I can learn,' was my response.  It made him laugh, and he allowed me to stay, although under strict supervision.  Meeting these little people though, and seeing such strange comforts I had never known, such as soft beds and cooked meat drove out any genetic troll impulse to rampage that I might have had.
 "After a few months, I had perfected the human language and had taken residence in a small castle a mile outside the village.  It is still my home to this day.  I became an apprentice to the blacksmith in town.  My strange mind was like a parched land after a good rain, it soaked up any and all information that was passed within eyesight and earshot of me.  I learned how to smith, how to tan leathers, to cook, to play lute (It was quite an ordeal to create one big enough), punching (no one would spar with me, I was just taught the technique), and much else.  Years passed, and my master at the smithy proclaimed me to have graduated.  With that, I decided to see what else the large world had to offer.  I said goodbye to Eoru and traveled the globe:  making friendships, learning new crafts, and learning all about this little planet we live on.  After my journey of three years, I came home to Eoru; where I have lived ever since.  I still travel much, to sell my wares and visit old companions, but this is the place I will always call home."
Theodore raised his glass, "Well a toast to your long journey," they knocked glasses, which was quite a sight considering Barnabas’ cup was a small wooden barrel, and took a long draft.  Theodore smacked his lips and took a quick glance around the bar.  "I have traveled far and wide in my life, but rarely do I get a chance to come to a village that is quite as content as Eoru."
"We are rather fortunate," Barnabas said, setting his bucket back on the bar.  "But tell me, Theodore, what news of the south?  I have not been there in over a year's time and my companions there haven't seen fit to write me in quite a while."
Theodore's face hardened, as if contemplating something difficult.  "I'm not sure how my land fares at this time.  Not because I haven't been in Gathnad, but because our emperor has grown quiet as of late.  The most people hear from him come from his tax collectors.  I can say this, however:  whatever he's planning involves military.  I passed three encampments on the way here.  My home is in the south eastern side of the continent, outside Perisher's Forest.  One group of soldiers said they were heading into the forest chasing bandits.  But that was definitely the first I had heard of bandits in the area, and why such a large force was needed for a mere group of bandits...I would feel much more comfortable telling you that bandit story was a lie.  But what else they would be doing in the Perisher's Forest is beyond my reasoning."
Barnabas stroked his goatee at these words.  "Heading into the Perisher's Forest you say?  What of the Berricks Forest, or the Turaniac Jungle?  Are troops planning on entering those as well?"
"Alas, I know not.  I didn't pass those on the way here.  If they are, then they are being very secretive about it.  I heard not a whisper about any military activity at all, even though I had seen it with my own eyes.  In large groups," Theodore answered, taking another gulp of his whiskey.  He called Boris over for a refill and put his ruby coins on the counter.
"It's hard to imagine Emperor Sunrath keeping something like this a secret from his own people," Barnabas said, "Gathnad is, pardon my bluntness, rather fond of its justice system.  The people would be delighted to hear about a group of bandits being brought to justice.  The emperor would actually benefit from informing his people.  I wonder what he's actually planning."
"That only begins to explain my worries about him," Theodore said.  "I am good friends with the emperor.  I used to hunt with him when both our schedules would allow it.  He is getting along in years, but he should still have a long time to wait until Death collects his debt.  Two months ago I tried getting in contact with him to ask him out on a hunt.  He either wouldn't or couldn't reply.  This is the first time the emperor hasn't at least sent me an explanation of his refusal to go on a hunt.  I know he is busy, but with all of this military movement and secrecy I begin to wonder if what is keeping him too busy to reply to me also has something to do with all of this...and where all of this may lead."
"What I find most strange," Barnabas said, looking into his glass, "Is that the emperor is amassing a great deal of troops to go deeper into Gathnad, rather than gather on its borders to be taken across by ship.  I almost think that there are two possibilities.  He may be scouting out the land, reinforcing taxes, and providing police services in the outer villages, but that wouldn’t explain why the troops are all heading into the forest.  The only reason I can think to send such a large group of troops into a forest in Gathnad would be to seek out the elves.  Maybe the Emperor needs their help with a matter.  I know he doesn't trust the other leaders of men in his dealings, so that would be a very understandable endeavor for him."  Barnabas had long been curious about elves.  A millennium ago, they coexisted with men and the other races of the world.  But a great war was started between elves and men.  Many details of the war had been lost to time, but one known fact was that mankind won, and the truce between the two forbade the elves from having contact with the rest of the world.  None had seen or heard from them in the millennium since.
"If that be the case," Theodore said with a small laugh, "then I fear the old boy searches in vain.  Every Emperor of Gathnad since the country’s namesake himself has sought the elves with no luck.  I'm willing to bet each forested area in the southern continent has been mapped with the utmost perfection since the humans moved into the continent."
"Interesting," Barnabas replied, "If what you are saying is true, then that would indicate that the elves are either not in a forested area, or relocated across the sea after the war.  Either that or they are merely outstanding at keeping themselves hidden in the forested areas.  I'm willing to wager that they have powerful mages casting veils on their cities.  Some sort of sorcery that keeps it hidden from the naked eye in one form or another."
"Alas, we will probably never know," Theodore replied.  He took another sip of his drink.  It was very late, and the bar patrons had long since begun leaving the pub for their homes.  "Well, I have a long journey to start tomorrow.  I am going to make a stop in Ruothenak City before I turn my sight back to Gathnad."
"If you don't mind me asking, what business do you have in the capitol?" Barnabas asked.
"Just need to visit a relative," Theodore replied.  Though there was a slight edge to his voice, and his blue eyes didn't reach Barnabas' red ones when he gave this answer.  Baranabas didn't pursue the topic.  Theodore stood and held out his hand, "It was a pleasure meeting you Barnabas.  If fate allows it, I hope that we meet again."
Barnabas took his hand, "Aye," he replied, "I quite agree.  It has been rather entertaining.  Next time I am in the south I will be sure to look you up."
Theodore turned and walked out of the bar (after leaving a generous amount of ruby coins on the counter for Boris' hospitality).  Barnabas turned his attention to his barrel.  As he finished it, he decided that it might be time to make a trip to Gathnad.  Something was fishy in the south, and for some reason he felt an obligation to discover what that was.

Chapter 2
Parting Ways


Over the next few days, Barnabas prepared for his journey.  This included packing what belongings he needed as well as making frequent stops in the village for supplies.  He got quite a chuckle when he stopped in the medicine shop.  Old Ms. Haggilt was none too happy to see him alive and well.  She offered to sell him some yarrow tea for a discount, but he refused.  He had a sneaking suspicion that she was really offering him poison.  Everyone else in the village, however, seemed to be genuinely upset at his departure.  Two days before he started his journey, a group of the children stopped by his castle.
"What brings you young ones out here?" Barnabas asked.  He had opened his door to find seven young kids (three girls, four boys) outside his door.
"We heard that you're going away again," a young girl named Lissa Margot answered, "How long will you be gone?"
"I'm not sure," Barnabas replied truthfully, "But I should be back before the spring months are over, at the latest."
"But that means you could still be gone for almost half a year!" a red haired boy named Samsin Wendell whined.  "We don't want you to go!"
"Oh really?" Barnabas chuckled at this, "And why is that?"
"You tell the best stories!" Samsin replied.
"My favorite is the one about the basilisk!" Rudie Musek replied.  Barnabas smiled.  He remembered how big her eyes had gotten when he had first told this story.
"Well, I've got good news for you all then," he said, dropping down to his knees so that he was as close to eye level as he could be.  "You see, when I get home, I will have a lot of new stories to tell.  Who knows what dangers I'll face down in the south?"
The prospect of new stories cheered them up immensely.  He invited them in and fed them and (for Rudie's sake) told the story of how he had met a basilisk in Gathnad many years ago.  After he had finished, he sent them home.
It wasn't just the children who were upset to see him go.  The next day, the mayor of the village stopped by his castle.
"My good friend!" Barnabas greeted him warmly, "Come in, come in. I just put some beef on the fire.  There will be enough for both of us."
"Thanks, Barnabas," Mayor Yorkson replied, crossing the threshold, "I could do with a meal."  Barnabas gathered an extra plate and silverware (a set that was human sized, for just such an occasion) and filled their glasses with ale.
"So what brings you to my castle on such a fine day?" Barnabas asked.
"Word in town is that you're leaving tomorrow," the mayor replied, "I know it's not entirely my business, but I would like to know where you're going and for why."
"I'm taking a journey to the south," Barnabas replied.  He believed that it was fair to tell the mayor his business, considering all the mayor did for him to keep him safe from disgruntled adventurers and travelers.  "My business is a strange one, let me assure you.  During the After Hunt Party at Boris' pub, I met and became acquainted with a man from Gathnad..." He recounted his and Theodore's conversation.
"Seems shifty, that's for sure," the Mayor replied, "I think the king would do good to know about something like this, wouldn't you?"
Barnabas hadn't really thought about that.  He was well acquainted with King Ruothenak the IXth, and would not want to disappoint his liege.  "Yes I suppose.  I was planning on finding out if there was a reason to be wary of the south before we caused any ill feelings in anyone though.  When I reach Gathnad, I will report my findings to you via letter, shall I?  You can take my reports to the king."
"Be careful exactly what you write, however," the mayor warned, "Espionage without the king's consent is a pretty hefty crime, although if the king found out about these rumors he might just give you permission to be his spy."
"I do not intend to spy," Barnabas laughed, "How could I, a troll, be someone's spy? It just doesn't seem likely, given how much I stand out.  I plan to go and report what I see.  I certainly won’t be hidden in broad daylight.  If they have nothing to hide, then I have no reason to pursue secrets, do I?"
"No I suppose you don't," the mayor answered, looking out the window, "But still, you will need to be careful.  Let's assume for a moment that the empire is up to something terrible.  I don't think they would have a problem with killing you to keep that secret.  You'll need to watch yourself at all times.  I would suggest a traveling companion to help watch your back, but I can't think of anyone else in the village who would be able to go with you."
"Don't worry," Barnabas said after swallowing a good helping of beef, "I will make something work."
The next day, Barnabas set out.  Carrying his large sack over his back (filled with cooking equipment, his leather working tools, a few books dealing with the properties of magic, extra clothing, and more) he said his goodbyes to those from the village who had turned up to see him off.  Barnabas loved his home, but there was nothing quite the same as the feeling of going off on an adventure.  The thrill of not knowing where he would end up at the end of his journey made his heart beat fast and caused his steps to be merry.
The road he was taking was well worn.  It was a trade route from Eoru to Benivedes, which was another small mountain town much like the one he was currently leaving.  The main difference was that Benivedes was a very functional industrial center, not a farm based community.  The people there had a slightly different approach to Barnabas than Eoru's.  Not having grown with Barnabas, they were not as trusting.  He had dodged ill conceived assassination attempts nearly every time he went there, simply because some of the villagers didn't know him.  He was hoping to skirt around the town entirely.  He knew some smiths who put up shop in the marshland just east of Benevides and would stop there to visit on his way.
Barnabas hadn't traveled south of Eoru in a year’s time.  He had made many trips north to the capitol city, in order to sell some leather hilts and armor, but a steady workload had hindered him for long enough that he did not even travel to Gathnad for pleasure.  Now that he was back on this path, though, it was easy to see where time had taken its toll on the land.  There was newly converted farmland, the owner of one was an elderly man who was quite friendly and bought a quiver from Barnabas.  He also noticed some sites along the way that made him wary.  He was not far from the southern edge of the Moeller Mountains, and slightly to the east.  Four hours from his departure, he saw an encampment on the western horizon that was very likely to be moel inhabited.  Two hours later, as he could just start to see the very beaten road to Benivedes, his suspicion was confirmed.  A small moel encampment lied boldly in the middle of the path.
Moel and men were not fond of each other.  It was a legacy of cruelty and mistreatment (with both sides being victims and at fault) that spanned many generations.  Barnabas himself had nothing to fear.  Being a troll (which was normally a natural ally of the moel) he would be greeted warmly.  But being very different from other trolls, he was slightly wary.  If these moel found out he had strong ties to the humans in the region, they could very well attack him.  Thus he approached the makeshift village with an air of caution.
The moel were very similar to, and yet very different than humans.  They stood on two legs; but their skin was a pale green, due to many centuries of being holed up in caves and tunnels with little to no light.  Their hands and fingers were very flat, but hard as steel; giving them a natural ability to dig even through stone, a trait no doubt gained from their unique habitat.  Their eyes were ill accustomed to light, which is why they rarely left the ground.  But as time went on, the moel became more than a race of monsters.  Gaining intellect allowed them to gain allies, and thus technology to help them expand.  They became friends of the gnomes, the great inventors, who developed special eyewear for the moel that nearly blocked out the sun.  Even the brightest day appeared to be night while wearing the glasses.  Pitch black darkness was the spectrum on which a moel could see clearest, and blocking out the sun opened up a whole new world of possibilities to them.
Perhaps the most definable trait that distinguished the moel, however, where their bones.  Their joints were elongated in areas, such as the elbows and knees.  These extensions had multiple purposes:  the ones in their knees could be driven into stone, allowing them to climb (with the aid of their spade like hands) even the sheerest of rock faces.  The extensions in their elbows made handy weapons in a tight spot.  A fact Barnabas had learned the hard way one fateful outing, many years ago.  He still had a mark along his right calf to prove it.
The encampment was not large.  There were ten large tents set up, five on each side of the road.  From slightly less than a mile, Barnabas could make out at least twenty moel standing out in the open.  The first thing Barnabas noticed was the significant amount of weapons.  These moel were well armed, but what for was not clear.  As he closed the gap between himself and the encampment by a considerate amount, the moel finally noticed him and gathered towards the camp’s entrance.  Every moel who had gathered to greet him was armed.  Barnabas approached the living blockade with a docile air.
“Greetings,” he said in Moeller, the native language of the moel.  It was not a friendly greeting, nor was it stated antagonistically.  It was a simple greeting, and it was that way for a reason.  Moel were a race of trust.  It would have been very foolish to meet a moel and try to convince him that you were friendly by word alone.  It was your actions that deemed you worthy in a moel’s eyes, and even if you had not attempted to win them over with words and still became their enemy, you would still have been better off than if you had tried to deceive them.  A moel would view his enemies in two different ways.  The first was a person who did not hide his nature.  One who, through action and word was not friendly towards the moel.  This person was viewed as honorable, and a moel would merely avoid an honorable person unless confronted, and then action would be taken against them only if the offender initiated it.  If a person falsely claimed friendship; to use the moel, escape from the moel, or for any other reason; the moel would not hesitate to kill that person on the spot.  Trust and honor were the foundations of the moel belief structure.
“Greetings,” the apparent leader replied to him.  “Not often do we see one such as you speak our tongue.”  He rubbed his weak chin thoughtfully, “Dare I say we have never encountered one.”
“I have been told that I am unique,” Barnabas said, still in the flat tone that he had greeted the group with.  It was difficult for him because Moeller was not his first, nor even his second choice of language.  He could indeed speak it, but it was something he had learned only out of necessity.  Luckily, the moel appeared to have noticed this.
“You speak Moeller like a human,” the leader said, eyeing Barnabas apprehensively.  “Perhaps we would be better off speaking the human tongue?”
“I would prefer that,” Barnabas replied, still in Moeller, “But would you?”
It was a test, and he had passed.  The moel leader suggested the human language only because he wanted to see if the troll would think of it as a suggestion to take control of the conversation.  By asking permission, Barnabas had let the leader know he understood that he was the guest, and should behave as such.
“It will be fine,” the leader replied in the human language.  Moel tongues were much wider and flatter than a human’s, and they salivated more.  As such, their dialect had a slight lisp, and many slurred words.  When they spoke the human language, it sounded reptilian.  “Around these parts, it is better to speak human anyway.”
“And what exactly would you be accomplishing in these parts,” Barnabas inquired.  His tone was more friendly and respectful.
“Resettling,” the leader replied.  He turned and started heading back into the encampment.  Barnabas followed, having understood the gesture as an invitation to.  “Our cousins in the south tell us that the far north is going to be an ideal living place very soon.  We are merely taking their advice.”
“Really?” Barnabas asked thoughtfully, “I am curious as to why that would be advisable.”  His suspicions of the goings on in the south had resurfaced.
“When humans move their weapons, the moel become wary of attack,” the leader said, “When humans move their armies, well, we start moving as well.”
“I have heard that the south has been quite active lately.  And secretive.  But my source told me their military moves deeper into the southern continent, not outward.”  Barnabas said.
“Your source seems very limited in his knowledge of the goings on of the south,” the leader said.  They had walked halfway through the encampment by this point.  Barnabas noticed tents full of bespectacled moel children, their dark glasses hiding the wide eyes filled with fear and amazement at the troll, so strange to their eyes.  “Forgive the young,” the leader commented, also noticing the children (upon being mentioned, the children ducked back into their tents), “They are used to, I guess we would call them normal trolls.”
“I am quite used to it,” Barnabas replied warmly, “Please continue.”
“Well, our sources have probably been in contact with the southern armies in a way that could be described as more intimately than your source.  That is to say, at the end of swords.  The moel who contacted us were lucky, they had escaped the army and taken a few prisoners.  After some interrogating, they managed to get enough information to warrant their and our concern.  The south plans to conquest the north.”
“That would be something I didn’t hear from my own source,” Barnabas commented.  He was unconsciously staring south, deep in thought.  “Does the emperor really believe that he has the strength in numbers to defeat the North?  Even if the east and west do not ally, he would still be severely outmatched for the second nation…and that is solely if they did not ally.  Ugbae and Ruoth are much better allies than either is with the south, and would not hesitate to ally against the common threat.”
“I said not that it was advisable, merely planned,” the leader understood the question was rhetorical; his answer merely mirrored his own thoughts on the situation.  “Now tell me, oh wise troll, had your source any information that I don’t know of?”
“Only that, for now, the army seems to be directed toward the Perisher’s Forest.  My source met them outside it.  The excuse they gave him was merely that they were pursuing bandits.  Neither my source nor I believe that, but the truth of their endeavor is not clear to me yet.  The closest I have to a guess is that they are attempting to contact the elves.”
“That would make sense in the view of their plans,” the leader said bemusedly.  “The elves would make great allies in the conquest, supposing for a moment that they would agree to it.  But somehow that seems unlikely.  That and the mere idea of the elves allowing themselves to be seen after a millennium of isolation.”
“I never said it was advisable, only a possibility,” Barnabas mirrored the leader.  The leader gave a hiss of laughter and slapped Barnabas on his back.
“Well put, troll, well put,” he said through his raspy chuckling, “I suppose that you mean us no threat, therefore I will trust you with my name.  Prob Vagchuk.”
“Barnabas,” was the reply.
“Well Barnabas, where would an intelligent cave troll be headed this late in the year?”
“I am headed south,” Barnabas answered honestly, “I have many contacts there, many clients.  But my path has not lead me there in quite a while.  Upon hearing of all this curious activity I decided a venture to Gathnad was overdue.  Along the way I may just find some answers to my questions.”
“Well with a journey like that ahead of you, I don’t suppose we should keep you for long.  We have our own traveling to do, just as soon as night falls.”  Prob said, his eyes glancing towards the northwest as he did.
“Along the way you will encounter a village called Eoru,” Barnabas said, his voice still kind, but a hint of sternness in it as well.  “The villagers there are more open minded than most.  The fact that I stand before you, with the ability to speak is testimony to that.  If you need supplies, or rest without fear of being attacked, do it there.  Wave a flag of truce before entering.  I will write you a letter.  Give it to the mayor, and discuss with him what we discussed, he will want to know.  If you do not extend hostilities, neither will they.”
“We do not trust humans,” Prob said gravely, “But I believe we can trust you, Barnabas.  We will do as you say if we need to.”
Barnabas wrote the letter and addressed it to Mayor Yorkson.  He sealed it in leather and gave it to Prob.  “They will know it was from me, my insignia is on the back,” he said, indicating a seal burnt into the leather.  “The mayor will recognize my handwriting.”
“Safe journey, Barnabas,” replied Prob as Barnabas continued down the path.  “And thank you for your hospitality.”
“To you as well!” Barnabas called back to him.  As he continued his walking, his thoughts ventured to Gathnad, beating him there.  He was greatly discomforted by Prob’s news, and possibly more than he should have been.  For some reason that he couldn’t explain to himself, he felt a compulsion to find the answers; as if Emperor Sunrath’s plans were a personal threat to him, and it was frustrating that he couldn’t put his finger on it, metaphorically speaking.  Eventually he assumed that it was just his curious nature getting the best of him, and continued his travels as night began to fall around him.
The next few days were almost completely isolated.  There were a few small villages between Eoru and Bolst, the port town that he was marching towards, but Barnabas had no desire or need to stop at these spots.  As Prob had called them, normal trolls were quite common in the area.  Hiding out in caves at the foot of the Moeller Mountains, as well as other areas that were quite rocky merely because they were close to the mountains, these normal trolls could be quite a problem for a traveling merchant or a small village.  He was far enough away from Eoru that the majority of the people of these villagers were not familiar with Barnabas, the uncommon troll.  As such, there was a chance they would probably attack him on sight.  And while he probably could convince them of his innocence, he wanted to reach Gathnad at a quickened pace.  Therefore, he ruled out any stops that would require of him explanations and lengthy talks.
By the end of the week, he had reached the outskirts of Bolst.  It was the third largest city in Ruoth, the first being the capital and the second being the main port city towards Ugbae, called Moeravo.  Bolst was probably Barnabas’ favorite place in the world aside from his home.  It was filled with people of all races, ethnicities, and even species.  The first gnome that Barnabas had ever met lived there, and she made the most delicious pastries he had ever tasted.  There were merchants from around the globe who filled the market place.  The best word he could find to describe Bolst was bustling.
Barnabas had spent so much time in Bolst earlier in his life that even many of the regular foreigners who were merely passing through had become used to his appearance and presence.  Bolst was simply the finest place in the world to learn, in Barnabas’ opinion.  There were always people passing through with information that could be put to use somewhere down the line.  A dwarf tanner taught him how to skin quarry devils, and Barnabas ended up apprenticing under him for nearly a year to master it, as well as everything else the tanner had to teach.  Not to mention that Bolst had the finest (and seediest) bar in Ruoth, The Silver Piece.  Due to the varying range of backgrounds that Bolst housed, any bar was likely to be full and rowdy; but The Silver Piece had the fortune of being the largest and most accepting.  Barnabas knew that if he was going to get information about the goings on in the south, he would do so there.
There were so many places that didn’t know Barnabas quite well enough, and if he was forced to visit these places, he was always on guard for attack.  Therefore, entering Bolst and being greeted either with indifference; or in the occasion of a familiar face, a warm smile, was very heartening for him.  There were no farmers hiding behind buildings with a bow drawn tight, waiting for the strange troll to make a bad move.  There were no mothers rushing their children indoors, afraid they might be devoured. He enjoyed the freedom that Bolst offered.
“Great Deities!” Came a voice that Barnabas had no trouble recognizing, “If it isn’t the thick headed troll!”
“Master Snaggletooth!” Barnabas replied with a grin.  He turned and saw the dwarf tanner walking across the main street.
“Not anymore, I ain’t!” the dwarf said happily as he reached Barnabas.  Barnabas called him that because the dwarf was well known for having a snaggletooth grin.  His real name was Paul Mistlebeard.  He extended a hand and flashed his teeth, which Barnabas noticed were even and straight.
“I hardly recognize you, Paul,” Barnabas said, bending over to shake the hand (which made a young girl overlooking the scene laugh, due to the comedy of seeing the difference in height).  “When did you get it done?”
“Last year,” Paul replied, “The wife finally got after me enough.  Told me I’d be kissing the dog before I kissed her again if I didn’t get it fixed.  Went down to Smither’s the day after.”
“I’ll bet Wallace gave you quite a jib,” Barnabas replied.
“He never could resist a joke…well when he was in the right mind, anyway.” Paul said.  Barnabas didn’t miss the use of the past tense.
“You talk as if he isn’t here anymore,” Barnabas said.
“Well, he’s not.  Poor bloke.  Went off the deep end this time.  Further than I’ve ever seen him go.  I talked to him the day before and he wasn’t right then, as a matter of fact.  Talking about combining spells of a healer, a sparker, a terran, and who knows what else.  I tried to talk him out of it, told him he’d never recover from something like that.  He didn’t listen I guess, I’m not even sure he could understand me when I was trying to talk him out of it.  He probably had already tried it and was plotting a second attempt.  Next day I went down to his shop to try and help him recover, and he was gone.  Nobody’s heard a word from him since.”
“You assume he’s dead?” Barnabas asked.
“Hard to tell,” Paul answered, “If he healed up his mind before he took off, then he’s probably fine.  He’s got enough magic knowledge to get by on his own, you know.  But if he wandered out of town while deranged, I’d be willing to bet he’s quarry devil food by now.”
“How long ago was this?” Barnabas asked.
“Four months, a little longer maybe,” Paul said, counting on his fingers.  “Me and Jade Dorthet got a search party started the day he went missing, but he didn’t leave a trace behind.  Shop was empty, which makes me think he was definitely in his right mind when he took off, a small comfort.”
“Indeed,” Barnabas replied.  He had not been close to Wallace Smither.  The man had started instructing Barnabas, many years ago, in magical theory.  Trolls were incapable of actually using magic, but Barnabas wanted to learn the process of it just like he wanted to learn anything else.  The problem existed in the fact that Smither was an experimentalist sort of person.  He was not content with knowing one variation of magic.  He wanted to use them all.  Unfortunately that was impossible.
Magic was a gigantic, singular force, much like a giant tree.  There were many branches extending from the trunk, and each branch indicated a different branch of magic.  Those who used magic could be compared to a child climbing the tree, and settling himself on a certain branch.  However, just as it would be impossible to tax your body to be connected to all the branches of a tree, it was also impossible to tax your mind to encompass every aspect of magic.  Magic that branched closely together on the tree could be multitasked, but with less success than someone who focused on one.  An example of this would be a battlemage, who knew many different elemental offensive magic to augment their battle style, such as to ignite an arrow or freeze the muzzle of a blunderbuss, but they would nearly always be beaten by one who had mastered a single form of magic, do to that person’s overwhelming control that the battle mage simply couldn’t equal.
Wallace Smither had made it his goal in life to overcome this obstacle.  He wanted to be the master of multiple magics.  And it cost him a marriage, his health, and finally, possibly, his sanity.  When Barnabas was learning under him, Smither tried to show him the mastery over two magics at once.  While he managed to procure powerful spells, from both branches of magic, he soon lost control of the most important aspect of spell-casting, his mind.  He went into a catatonic state for two days, and upon his awakening, Barnabas tried to talk him out of the multi-casting agenda.  He would hear none of it, however and Barnabas left him.  They stayed on good terms, but Barnabas always had a feeling in the back of his mind that Wallace Smither hated him from that day forward.
“Enough about that though,” Paul said, slapping him on the back of the thigh (it was the highest he could reach), “What brings you here?”
“That’s something I would prefer to speak of in private,” Barnabas replied.  They had been walking down the street and were currently in the market, which was filled to the brim, as usual, with people of all ethnicities.  Including people from Gathnad, whom he was not sure he would feel comfortable talking about the southern military plans around.
“Secrets, eh?” Paul said, “Well let’s head back to my place in a while then and we can chat about it.  Marion would be ecstatic to see you, I promise that.”
“That sounds delightful.  I do need to go to the harbor first, and I was hoping to stop by Janet’s place as well.  At some point I’ll need to go to the Piece.”  Barnabas began making a mental checklist of all the other places he would need to stop before he left town.  If there wasn’t a ship leaving for Gathnad tomorrow he would have more time for that, however.
“Heading to the south?” Paul asked as they walked past a group of merchants selling beaded necklaces.  “What’s got you interested down there?”
“Well a number of things, but that’s part of what I’d like to discuss in private.” Barnabas answered.  They turned towards the direction of the harbor, it was a longer route, but Janet’s bakery was on this street and Barnabas wanted to surprise her with an impromptu visit.
“She’s got a couple of surprises for you as well,” Paul said with a grin on his face.
“What’s that now?” Barnabas asked.
“I won’t spoil it for her.  It’s her and Mako’s good news to share with you,” Paul replied.  The bakery was a little building, but only because Janet and her husband Mako were gnomes.  Even shorter than dwarves, they were normally a race that lived underground.  Many gnomes, like Janet’s family, had moved to cities to sell their wares.  Gnomes were masters of technology.  They were responsible for the discovery of the steam engine.  This discovery soon led to immense manufacturing.  Underground factories were soon constructed which produced tools, weapons, and durable materials for building.  It was many years ago that a young man met with a gnome in charge of engineering a larger steam engine.  He proposed making a device that could travel across the land, powered by the steam engine.  It could haul goods quickly and more efficiently than horse and carriage.  Four years later, the first train had embarked on a journey that would forever put gnomes at the forefront of anyone’s mind in terms of technological know-how.
Janet’s shop was filled with delectable smells that reminded Barnabas that he hadn’t eaten more than a few beef sandwiches in a few days.  He pulled out his purse and knelt before the counter.  His large finger nearly smashed the bell as he tapped it.
“Coming!” trilled an aged voice from a room behind the counter.  Janet walked to the counter backwards pushing the door open with her back, as she was carrying a tray full of steaming turn-overs.  Barnabas’ nose told him they were cherry, his favorite.  She turned around to greet the customers.
“What can I get for you gent…” she started but cut off as she looked up at the immense figure that was Barnabas.  She dropped her tray and lept over the counter, wrapping her arms around the troll’s corded neck.  “Well I never!” she exclaimed.  “Barnabas!  You don’t write in almost a year and then show up unannounced?!  I thought I taught you better manners than that!”
“Of course you did,” Barnabas replied, patting her on the back, “Though, as you well know, I can’t resist being the element of surprise!”
“Well I think I’ve got you beat this time,” Barnabas always thought she had a musical voice, and it always became more so when she was happy.  She was practically singing when she replied, “Come out, dears, it’s a friend of mine and I want you to meet him!  Mako, get your butt out here and greet an old friend!”
Mako, as aged as his wife, tottered out of the back room.  He looked much older than Barnabas had remembered, no longer the bouncing gnome who spent most of his life on the street playing pipes to advertise the bakery.  But he seemed just as merry as Barnabas had last seen him.  “Great Scott, boy!”  He said, shambling past the counter and grabbing Barnabas’ index finger with both of his hands.  “Nice of you to drop by!  When’d you get here?”
“Not two hours ago,” Barnabas replied.  He was about to ask Mako about his well being, but was caught off guard when another couple came out of the back room.  One he recognized as Mindy, Janet and Mako’s daughter.  Barnabas had always treated her like a niece, and eventually she had started calling him uncle.  The other gnome Barnabas didn’t recognize.  He was carrying a bundle in his arms.  Mindy ran up to Barnabas and hugged his leg.
“Uncle Troll!” She cried.  He patted her gently on the back.  “It’s so good to see you again!  Why haven’t you come and visited in the last year?”
“I’ve been busy at home,” Barnabas answered, “But I thought that with the festival over and the winter months on their way I would be able to spare some time for a travel.”
Janet cleared her throat.  “Mindy,” she said, “I think you have some introducing to do!”  Mindy’s eyes grew wide.  She ran back to the young male gnome who had a look of curiosity mingled with slight terror at the sight of the troll.
“Come on, dear,” Mindy said, grabbing his arm and pulling him around the counter, “I want you to meet my uncle!”
“When you spoke of your uncle,” the young gnome said with a high voice, “You failed to mention he was a ten foot troll.”
“Oh what does that matter?” She asked in an exasperated voice, “He’s as harmless as a kitten!  Uncle Barny, this is Jolken.  My husband!”
“Married?!” Barnabas nearly fell over with shock.  “I never received an invitation!”
“We eloped,” Mindy said slyly.
“I see,” Barnabas said with a grin on his face.  He winked at Mako as he said, “Taking a leaf out of your parents’ book then, eh?”
“And in his arms is our beautiful grandson, Mako Junior!” Janet was so excited to make this announcement that she practically screamed the words.  She woke up the young one, who didn’t cry, but rather wiggled his head out of the sheet he was wrapped in to get a closer look at the commotion.  He smiled at the familiar faces of his parents, grandparents, and even Paul (who was hanging in the back, allowing Janet and family to share their special moment privately).  Then his little eyes came to rest on Barnabas.
“He looks much like you, Jolken,” Barnabas observed, “But he definitely has Mindy’s hair and smile.”  Jolken smiled.
“That’s what everyone says, though I think he has her nose too.  Lucky for him.  Mine’s nearly destroyed on a daily basis,” Barnabas noticed then that his nose was quite misshapen.  “I work on a ship,” Jolken answered the unasked question.  “I keep the engine running.  It’s a delivery ship, though, so it’s always being overtaxed.  I’m just short enough that when a bolt blows out of the main boiler, it’s always within distance of my face.”
“Thank the Deities for those goggles of yours,” Mindy said, smiling warmly at her husband.  “You wouldn’t have eyes if it weren’t for them.”
“Yeah, they’ve saved me more than a few times,” Jolken smiled back at her.  It was clear to Barnabas that they were very much in love, and the child that was now being passed to his (Barnabas’) arms only strengthened that love.
Mako Jr. was staring at Barnabas.  Even at a young age gnomes were intelligent.  Unlike human babies who would cry at something unknown and frightening, a gnome baby would analyze the object of their scrutiny until determining for sure whether or not it was actually worth crying over.  As such, you rarely ever heard a gnome baby cry.
Young Mako Jr. studied Barnabas for nearly a minute before smiling and reaching for his goatee.  Barnabas (whose hands were easily large enough to fit the gnome baby in one alone) lifted the infant high enough so that the baby could give the red spike of hair a tug.  Mako Jr. laughed as he gave the beard a few good pulls before Barnabas lowered him out of reach again.  He handed Mako back to his mother.
“He’s got quite a grip!” Barnabas said as the infant cuddled close to his mother and closed his eyes.  Mindy absent-mindedly began swaying.  Within minutes the baby fell asleep in her arms.  She went into the back room and returned without him.  Barnabas had never been in the back room before (he was simply too big for it) but knew it to be a living quarters.  Undoubtedly there was a crib there.
“So lad,” the elder Mako said, while lighting up a pipe.  His wife huffed and went to throw the windows open.  She didn’t like the lingering smell of tobacco, especially not in the shop.  “What brings you down this way anyhow?”
Barnabas knew they were the only ones in the shop, and leaned over to the door and flipped the closed/open sign so that it read closed to passers-bye in order to make sure they weren’t disturbed.  He then explained his growing suspicions of Emperor Sunrath, the south’s military plans, and his trip to the south to confirm it.  At this point, Paul actively joined in the conversation.
“Old Sunrath’s looking to stir up a hornet’s nest is he?” Paul asked rhetorically.  “I don’t see the tactical advantage he must think he has.”
“That’s what worries me,” Barnabas admitted, “I don’t see one either.  He would stand no chance against the combined forces of the Ruoth and Ugbae.  And they would have no hesitation to unite against him.  Mark my words.”
“Maybe he thinks he can drive a wedge between them?” Jolken wondered aloud.
“A possibility,” Mako Sr. said, “though I doubt it.”  Mako was an avid studier of politics and Barnabas had always held his advice on the matters in high esteem, and thus listened closely.  “It would take him months if not years to successfully drive a wedge between the east and west.  If he tried it any sooner than that, he’d risk ruining it all.  Ruoth and Ugbae are not dimwitted, by far.  Our leaders would see through any ill conceived or quickly assembled attack on our loyalties before Sunrath would have a chance to act.  And considering that Sunrath is already moving his armies, and no word of a flimsy alliance exists on the lips of either Ruothites or Ugbaens, it is safe to assume that is not his strategy.  He’d have to be a lot dumber than I thought he was to make that kind of a mistake.”
“I agree,” Barnabas said, “That leaves only a few options as to why he would move so quickly.  And only one of them has any real merit.  He thinks he has the sheer power to beat us, even joined together.”
“He would have to force every able-bodied Gathnadian man into the army in order to achieve that strength,” Paul said.
“And that clearly isn’t the case,” Mako said, “It seems likely that Sunrath is looking for an alliance with another race altogether.  It’s the only thing that makes any sort of sense…and even then it’s still outrageous to think it would be enough to beat the combined might of two continents.”
“The rumor I heard is that he’s venturing into deep forgotten places, like Perisher’s Forest, searching for the elves.” Barnabas said grimly.  The pieces were starting to come together, very slowly.
“I wouldn’t have thought he would waste his time,” Mako replied, “the elves have never bothered with us in nearly a millenium.  Why would they come out to aid him in his selfish war now?”
“Exactly,” Jolken said, “Not to mention the truce.  I don’t think the elves would turn on that.”
“What about the moel?” Paul asked, his voice turning sour.  Dwarves and Moel were not exactly fond of each other, “Maybe the delusional old goat thinks he can strike up a deal with the flat-fingers?”
“No,” Barnabas answered.  He told them the story of the moel tribe he had encountered on his journey south, and Prob’s tale.
“So they’re already fleeing?” Paul gave a harsh laugh, “Not that I’m surprised or anything.”
“Oh hush you old goat!” Janet scolded him.  “If not the moel, then maybe he’s discovered something else?  Not a person, but a thing?  Maybe he discovered a terrible weapon?”
The men all looked at her.  It was a possibility none of them had considered.
“That’s definitely something to put some thought into,” Barnabas said slowly.  It added a whole new dimension to his worries.  And suddenly, his unexplainable urge to know the truth rose inside him.  He didn’t understand why, but he had to know the truth behind the Emperor’s recent actions.
The conversation changed to more light hearted affairs; Mindy’s and Jolken’s wedding, recent events of the city, and Barnabas’ life in Eoru.  Before long, Barnabas was saying goodbyes.
“No, no,” he said as Janet tried to convince him to stay longer, “I really do have to get to the harbor before they close it down for the night.”
Janet shoved some pastries in a bag and handed it to him.  He pulled out his purse, to which Mako smacked his knuckles with his gnarled walking stick.
“Family doesn’t pay here,” Mako said with a toothy grin.  Accepting his gift Barnabas gave one last goodbye and walked out the door, Paul right behind him.
“Well, I’ll meet up with you in the Piece, shall I?” Paul said as they walked down the cobbled path.
“Not coming with me?” Barnabas asked.
“Not if I value my life, I’m not!” Paul chuckled, “If I brought you home without giving warning, Marion’d probably tan my hide.  I never should have taught her how!”
Barnabas laughed.  They shook hands and Paul turned left towards the market place.  Barnabas headed straight one block and turned right.  The docks were on the far side of town, but his pace was considerably greater than a normal person’s.  He met a few familiar faces along the way.  No one that he was greatly acquainted with, just people he had met along the years.  Soon enough, he was at the docks, the sun just beginning to set.  He made his way to the harbor masters office.
A young boy with red hair and blemishes across his face had his nose buried in a quill and paper.  He was going over prices of goods shipped as well as the schedule for the following day.
“Good afternoon,” Barnabas inquired, rapping gently on the windowsill between himself and the boy.  The lad looked up absentmindedly and said, “Good day,” before looking down.  Suddenly his eyes widened and he shot his gaze back up to take in the sight before him.
“Easy there, son,” Barnabas said with a gentle smile (though a gentle smile on a troll could easily be misunderstood in the mind of a bookish boy such as this), “Is Martin in?”  The boy mouthed wordlessly and then got up and shakily walked to a back office.  Soon enough he emerged with a large man, who upon seeing Barnabas frowned and sauntered up to him.
Martin Crownshed was not a bad man, simply a man who had been in the business of business too long.  He was slow to trust, and his trust needed to be earned upon every meeting.  It wasn’t a bad tactic as far as his line of work was concerned.  It allowed him to easily discern pirates from honest sailors; but he was hard to be friendly around because of this behavior.  He was rather fat, an indication of his success, and had a flowing black handlebar mustache to compensate for his shiny bald pate.
“Well, well,” he said, approaching the window, “If it isn’t my favorite cave troll.  I suppose you’re planning on hopping aboard a ship?”
“I am,” Barnabas replied, “Would there be one leaving tomorrow?”
“There is,” Martin replied.  “One of my own, in fact.  It’s a cargo ship, so there will be no luxuries.  I’ll take a few off the price for that.  I’ll knock off even more if you work as a deck hand during the journey.”  It was business first, always, with Martin.
“Deal,” Barnabas never bothered haggling with Martin.  Not because it wouldn’t have worked, but it wasn’t needed.  Martin was the fairest businessman around.  Even Janet would up the prices if she didn’t like the person buying.
“The cost will be twenty rubies and three sapphires,” Martin said.  Barnabas pulled out his purse and filtered through the emerald, gold, ruby, and sapphire coins until he had the correct amount and handed them over.  After the transaction was complete, Martin walked to the door and opened it up.  “Why don’t you come in and have a tea before you get on your way.  The ship won’t leave until tomorrow afternoon.”
“Alright,” Barnabas accepted, “Though I have business at the Piece to take care of later, so I can’t be too late.”
Martin nodded and Barnabas followed him to the back office.  The young red headed boy seemed to be edged as far away from Barnabas as he could manage as Barnabas walked by his desk.
After Martin’s door shut tight, he replied, “You’ll have to excuse Barry.  He’s my apprentice.  Never even seen a troll before.”
“You took on an apprentice?” Barnabas asked, “Seems a little out of character for you, forgive me for saying.”
Martin shrugged his shoulders as he poured a cup of tea for himself and a small jug for Barnabas.  “I am friendly with his parents.  Excellent clients.  He would stop by every day, just hanging around watching me work.  In reality, he was my apprentice long before I offered him the position.  He’s fascinated by the sea, and anything that can float in it.”
“So business is good then?” Barnabas asked.
“Not bad,” Martin replied curtly.  “It’s definitely slower than usual for this time of year.  Normally right before the cold sets in we see all kinds of shipments from the south.  This year though it’s been considerably less.”  Barnabas did not wish to worry Martin with the rumors he had heard, and considering that Martin was the harbor master for the busiest port between Ruoth and Gathnad, there was a good chance that he had already been aware of the events himself.  In either case, neither Barnabas nor Martin brought up the topic.  “Enough about me, though, how are you?  It’s been a while since you last came here.”
Barnabas began talking about his duties around Eoru, and the prices he was selling his hides and other goods and equipment that he made.  They talked for a while about the economic impact that the recent drought had on the prices of livestock and crops.  Before long, the sun was completely sunk over the ocean.  Barnabas looked at his mug to see that his third refilling was emptied.
“Do you have the time?” Barnabas asked Martin, realizing his timepiece was in his sack back at Janet’s shop.  Martin pulled a silver pocket watch from his vest pocket.
“Eight and Forty,” He replied.
“Well, I suppose the Piece is probably picking up its more…knowledgeable cliental,” Barnabas said.  “I should be heading on my way.”  They both stood up, and Martin extended his hand.  Barnabas shook it.
“I don’t know why you head into the south, friend,” Martin told him, eyeing him carefully.  “But be wary.  Things have been tense as of late.”
“I will, and thank you,” Barnabas answered.  He left the room and proceeded out of the shop.  Barry was asleep; his head resting on his parchment, his hand had made a horrible scribble where a sum total should have been.
The streets were much sparser at this time of night.  The shops were closing or closed.  The citizens who hadn’t gone home were more relaxed, no more responsibilities for the day, a night of relaxation ahead of them.  The air of the night was cool, not as cold as Eoru or other places farther north, but still chilly enough for people to be wearing heavier clothes.  There were more recognizable faces on the street at night.  Barnabas, who only slept four hours a night (a troll trait that he had tried to erase with little success), had become very accustomed to the night life in Bolst.  Before long, he found himself in front of the Silver Piece.
He had to laugh when he saw it.  It was still the same dingy looking pub, at least from the outside.  It used to be a bank, but the bank moved across town, closer to the residential area which made it more practical.  It was going to be torn down but a young Ugbaen man named Orlie Kaebah, who had an eye for development, bought the building.  He knew a thing or two about contracting as well, and in no time he had the inside restructured soundly.  It was transformed into a bar within the week, and had become immensely successful.  The door was enormous, and had been ever since Barnabas first decided to become a regular patron there.  As Orlie (who was an old man by this point) had said, “Better accommodate for our best paying customer!”  Barnabas had spent many a night visiting in the pub.
He walked in and the familiar scent of tobacco and rich beer hit his nostrils, and he felt many years younger.  It could have been just yesterday that he had first walked into the bar.  Orlie had passed away many years ago, and his son (who was just as friendly and kind) had taken over for him.  Yarlie Kaebah was, like his father, a very dark skinned man (a trait in most Ugbaens, due to the harsh sun) with little hair that was located exactly on the top of his head.  He wore a turban over this tuft.  He was a very thick man, not fat, but muscular.  Before he inherited the bar from his father he had acted as its peacekeeper.  There were few who would act foolishly in the bar when he was watching over it, and those who did were given a quick and painful lesson as to why that was.
He was the first person Barnabas recognized upon entering the bar.  The rest of the patrons had gone silent at the troll’s entrance, taking in the sight.  Noticing this, Yarlie glanced at the door, and a wide grin (with several missing teeth, remnants of unruly patrons of the past) spread across his face.  He ran up to the door and grabbed Barnabas by the hand.
“My friend!” Yarlie exclaimed, dragging Barnabas to the bar.  “It has been far too long for my tastes!”  The rest of the patrons had restarted their conversations.  Those who recognized Barnabas smiled and returned to normal, while those unfamiliar with the uncommon troll kept stealing suspicious glances towards him.  “Paul told me you would be here tonight but it was getting late!  I feared you wouldn’t show!”
“I’d have to be very selfish to come to Bolst and not visit this bar,” Barnabas assured him.
“So Paul tells me you are headed into Gathnad tomorrow, and you only just arrived here!” Yarlie poured him a strong vodka in a glass that was specially made for him.  It looked like any other wine glass, aside from the fact it was the size and shape of an upturned lute.  Yarlie had a very typical western accent, rolling the letter r off his tongue.  “He failed to mention why that was, but I am still happy you have one night to share with us!”  He topped the glass off with a small plate of olives.  It had been over a year and the man still remembered exactly how Barnabas liked his drinks.
“Very important business, Yarlie,” Barnabas answered.  Although Yarlie hadn’t asked him a question per se, Barnabas understood how the man talked.  He never asked questions, just merely worded his statements to be overly curious.  It was a common trait of Ugbaens, and one that took a little getting used to.
“Paul mentioned the business was rather shady, though I couldn’t get anything else out of the old trout.” Yarlie said.
“I told you it was private,” Paul said, appearing almost out of nowhere behind Barnabas.  “And for good reason, too.  We can fill you in later.”
“Always mysteries and seeking with you,” Yarlie said to Barnabas, “I assume it has something to do with the military movement in the south,” Barnabas swallowed his mouthful a little too fast and felt his throat burn.
“Yes,” he replied hoarsely, “That would be a good guess.  But how did you know?”  Yarlie puffed out his large chest proudly.
“I run the busiest bar connecting this nation and Gathnad, I have heard the rumors.” he answered.
“Maybe more than we’ve heard,” Paul said, “Care to elaborate?”  Yarlie shrugged.
“Not much to tell,” He said, “The rumors come from the Gathnad citizens, and they seem ill informed themselves.  The most truth I have gathered is that the emperor seeks to overthrow and rule us, as well as Ugbae.  That much seems truthful.  The others seem rather far-fetched.  Talk of the elves forming an alliance with the moel and the empire.  I disbelieve that very much.”
“I can disprove the moel rumor, but not any rumors pertaining the elves,” Barnabas said.
“There are many Gathnadians here tonight,” Yarlie said, while glancing around the spacious room.  “And already they have had much to drink.  I suspect you could find your answers if you wait an hour or so.  By that time you could easily attain your answers from a drunk who was no longer concerned with his privacy.”
“That was the original plan,” Barnabas said with a smirk.  The thing he admired most about Yarlie was the man’s knowledge of the happenings of his bar.
They talked for a while about the time they had spent apart, changes in their lives.  Good news and bad.  Yarlie informed Barnabas that his brother Thax would be visiting within the next year, and requested that Barnabas be there when that time came so he could be introduced properly.  Barnabas had always heard mention the eldest brother who lived in Ugbae, and told Yarlie that he would try to make arrangements.
Barnabas was ready to start his interrogations when it happened.  You could always tell when a bar fight would begin in the Silver Piece, because they always started the same way.
A large crew, led by a very large man, burst through the door.  They were carrying rope, clubs, and in the leader’s case, a frighteningly heavy appearing flail.  They did not look pleased.
“PERGORY FENG!”  The leader bellowed.  Barnabas had no idea who Pergory Feng was, but was certain that he was giving this brutish man his attention after that bellow.  “We know you’re in here!  Come out, now, and we’ll be sure to give you a trial!”
“Explain the meaning of this immediately!” Yarlie called from behind the bar.  “You are disturbing the peace in this bar!”
“Shut your yap,” the man spat at Yarlie, “We’re the law round here and we’re looking for a criminal.  If you’re gonna let scum like that in your bar then we’ll disrupt the damned place any way we see fit!”
“I have no idea what accusations you are making,” Yarlie countered.  Brave men would have shivered under the ferocity of the large Ugbaen, but he was, as far as this posse could tell, outnumbered.  They showed no sign of fear and continued into the bar.
“I’m counting to five, Pergory!” The large man called.  “We’ll find you either way, but if you wait till after that count then things’ll get really ugly round here.  And it’ll only be marked up as you resisting justice!”
“Don’t bother,” called a voice.  Barnabas looked and saw a man walking from the very back of the bar towards the posse.  He was dressed like an Ugbaen, bare chested with an open vest.  He had billowing cotton pants held up with a thick leather belt, and a turban around his head that obscured his hair and ears.  But his face was not dark enough to be of western descent.  He was certainly handsome, with a strong chin and piercing blue eyes.  He was a bit taller than the average man, and though he was thin, he was quite muscular as well.  He carried a long saber, hilted for now, but Barnabas noticed that his hand was swaying with each step, and at just a perfect angle to draw it at a moments notice.  His voice was unlike any which Barnabas had heard before, his dialect having a strange mixture of both the east and the west.  Quick and sharp, with certain consonant letters rolling off his tongue.  “Supposing you can even count that high, Jordan, I wouldn’t wish to tax your brain.”
Despite the jeers, the big man Jordan smiled cruelly.  “Well turns out you’re not as cowardly as you look!”
“Coming from a man who had to bring five of his men to take me into custody; that really hurts, Jordan.” Pergory replied in a mocking tone.
“You’re accused of fooling around with another man’s wife,” Jordan said with an air of wanting to get the boring fundamentals out of the way.  Move straight to the fun part.
“That’s the first I’ve heard of me doing something like that,” Pergory replied.  He swayed slightly, and Barnabas realized the man was buzzed, possibly drunk.  “Seems really out of character of me…I don’t think I’d do something like that,” he turned to Paul, “Do you?” He asked Paul.
Paul barked a laugh, “No Pergory, I can’t say I do.  Sounds to me like ol’ Jordan’s trying to get you on a trumped up charge.  What do you think, Jordan?”
“I have evidence!” Jordan smiled triumphantly.  “Bring her in, boys!” He called.
Two more men entered the bar, escorting a middle aged woman.  She had a black eye, and was trembling.  Upon seeing her, Pergory frowned.  It was not a look that expressed guilt.  It was a look that expressed shock mixed with disappointment.
“Roughing up Drugart’s wife to force her to testify against me?” Pergory asked, swaying again.  Barnabas was amazed at the man’s level of deduction, considering his drunken behavior.
“Prove it!  I have a witness that says you forced yourself on her,” Jordan said maliciously.  “Whereas you can hardly stand, you drunken idiot!”
“Nobody in this bar is going to let this happen, Jordan,” Paul said, standing between the thin and wobbling Pergory and the massive Jordan.  “We all know that Pergory is a no good scoundrel.  But what you’re suggesting is ridiculous.  As much as you claim to be, you are not the law in this town.  I suggest getting out, before you are made to do so.”
Jordan raised his flail.  In that instant, Barnabas stood out of his chair.  Maybe it was due to the fact that Barnabas’ height was much less noticeable while he was sitting, or maybe it was due to Jordan being so anxious to capture his prey, but either way he had not noticed the troll before now.  Barnabas loomed over the man.
“It would be wise to leave now,” Barnabas said pleasantly.  He grabbed the flail and tore it from Jordan’s hand as easily as one would remove a toy from the hands of a misbehaving child.  Jordan made a sound that was remarkably like a whimper and quickly backed out of the bar, his comrades following suit.  Unfortunately for Barnabas, so did many of the other patrons; and among them, all of the Gathnadians.  Cursing his luck, Barnabas sat back at the bar to finish his drink.  He looked down the bar and saw the man named Pergory settle himself back down in front of a drink.  Pergory stole a glance at the troll before continuing to drink.
“What was that about?” Barnabas asked Paul.
“Ach,” Paul spat, “Jordan is a brute, plain and simple.  Moved here a couple of years ago.  He runs his little gang and calls it a police force.  They do some good, keep the streets clean for the most part.  But he’s very biased.  If he doesn’t like you, chances are he’ll find some way to harass you about something or other.  And as you could see with the lady with them, he isn’t afraid of committing atrocities himself to accomplish that goal.  That’s the case with Pergory.  The lad is lecherous, a drunk, and other things that are unsatisfactory.  But he wouldn’t do something like force himself on a lady.  Aside from his faults, he’s a nice enough young man.  Quite the musician, too.  But his crude ways put him on Jordan’s list, and the thug’s been trying to pin him with trumped up charges ever since.”
“Who is Pergory,” Barnabas asked, “I’ve never seen him before.”
“He is a mystery,” Yarlie said, “He told me that he was adopted at an early age by a couple from Ugbae and spent most of his life there.  Upon coming of age, he decided to move back here.  He’s been living here for a year now, just playing his lute in the market to earn enough coins for food and ale.  I’m not sure if I’ve ever seen him sober.”
Barnabas gave Pergory another look, only to find him passed out on the bar, which made him chuckle.  Paul, Barnabas, and Yarlie reminisced for a while longer before deciding to call it a night.  With no one to interrogate, there was no use staying later, and Paul was looking rather tired.  Barnabas picked up Pergory before leaving and carried him out.
“You could let him walk home,” Yarlie told Barnabas as he left, “It would do the man some good.”
“I’m willing to bet Jordan and his men are waiting for that,” Barnabas replied.  “I figure I’ll get him home without injuries.”
Paul directed them to the inn, where Pergory frequented most nights.  They dug through the young man’s purse and found the coins needed to pay the night, and left him there.  Upon leaving, Barnabas looked down the street to see a group of people, one of whom was very large, staring at him and Paul.  Chuckling again, he and Paul set off for Paul’s place, where Marion was probably beside herself with worry at their late arrival home.

Chapter 3
The Stowaway


The next morning Barnabas spent visiting with Paul and Marion.  Marion was the perfect match for Paul.  She was patient and motherly, but also stubborn as a mule, which of course complimented Paul’s rather easy going nature.  She was just as handy in Paul’s shop as he was, and often times ran the business while he was out on errands.
“So tell me Barnabas,” Marion asked, “Have you found a decent woman yet?”  Barnabas began eating his eggs, and found them hard to swallow while suppressing laughter.
“I’m not sure if there’s a woman willing to become too close with a troll,” he answered.  Paul was practically rolling at the question.
“Well don’t think of it that way,” Marion said, after smacking her husband with a wooden spoon.  “There are plenty of couples like that.  For example, Noel Thaddius is seeing a young dwarf woman.  There’s nothing wrong with it.”
“Well I’m not saying that there is,” Barnabas replied, chewing on his bacon.  “I’m just not attracted to human women that way.  And it would seem ridiculous of me to try and be with a dwarf or gnome.”  Paul resumed laughing at this comment, while dodging another swipe of the spoon.
“What about trolls then?” Marion asked, while shooting her husband a nasty look.
“I’m not too familiar with many trolls,” Barnabas said.  “My younger brother is now a father, but neither he nor his child have my…I guess we could call it a defect.  They are as normal as trolls can be.  I haven’t met many other trolls besides them and my father, and those that I have were basically animals.”
“Well that’s too bad,” Marion said, with sympathy in her voice.  “I always worry about you, you know.  You’re so alone in this world, at least from that perspective.”
“You get used to it,” Barnabas assured her.  “I sometimes wonder what it would be like, but I am very content with what I have.  I think dating options are a fair trade for being able to make harder decisions than, ‘Which rock makes the better sleeping place.’  I am not unhappy with my arrangements.”
“Well I don’t blame you,” Paul said while rubbing his head.  “Women can be a pain sometimes.  I’m joking!  I’m joking!”  Barnabas laughed as Marion chased him out of the room with the frying pan.
After breakfast, Barnabas went back to the dock to get the official time of departure from Martin, as well as load his personal effects onto the ship.  Along the way he met Pergory, playing his lute in the market place.  Paul had not lied, the lad was quite skilled.  His fingers flew across the neck and plucked at the strings with a speed that seemed to defy logic, but the sound was intricate and melodious.  He had a small bag on the ground that was half filled with silver coins.  Barnabas dropped a few sapphire coins in the bag as he walked by.  He heard the music stop, and turned back to see Pergory waving at him.  He pointed at his lute, as if to say, “Listen to this!”  He then struck up a steady beat, and began singing.
“Oh I met him just the night before this,
A troll, who you don’t want to miss!
Articulate, brave, and refined,
He’ll tell you just what’s on his mind!

He taught that brigand his place,
Wiped the smile right off Jordan’s face!
And carried me home, like a calf just born!
And didn’t even stop once to scorn!”

He ended the melody and laughed at the look on Barnabas’ face.  Barnabas walked back up to him.
“Surprised I remembered, Barnabas?” Pergory asked.  While watching him, Barnabas understood what Yarlie said about the man never seeming sober.  He was still swaying slightly as if drunk.  He nearly had to hold Barnabas’ arm to set his lute down without falling over.
“A little,” Barnabas replied, “More surprised to hear a song like that come out of the mouth of someone who is so clearly drunk.  And I don‘t think we’ve been introduced.”
“You caught me!” Pergory said with mock surprise, “And here I thought I was hiding it so well!  As for the name, I heard Paul mention it last night in the bar.  Now, be honest with me, chum, what did you think of the song?”
“It was a little short,” Barnabas replied, “But it is very flattering to know someone has written a song about you.”
“Too short you say?” Pergory replied, “I guess I’m going to have to work on it.”
“I will be glad to hear the finished product,” Barnabas told him while handing him another sapphire coin.  Pergory gave an awkward, low bow as Barnabas headed back up the street, recalling and agreeing with what Yarlie had said the previous night, “He’s a mystery.”
After running his errands at the harbor, Barnabas headed back towards Janet’s shop, where he, Janet’s family, and Paul and his wife were going to have a large dinner party to celebrate Barnabas’ return.  With the combined cooking of Janet and Marion, it was a feast to remember.  Baby Makos was the life of the party, and everyone seemed eager to hold the happy child.  Jolken, as it turned out, was quite a comedian.  He entertained the group with many jokes that circulated the ship he worked on over the years, some of them altered so they were not so dirty.
“Literally,” he said after finishing a particularly dirty joke, even after he changed it, “From the mouths of sailors.”
Before long it was time for Barnabas to leave.  Everyone went to the dock to wish him goodbye.
“Be careful out there,” Janet said, “I don’t want to hear from some bloke that you stepped on the wrong toes and aren’t coming home!”
“I still wish we could send someone with you,” Paul said, “I don’t like the idea of you being on your own out there if Sunrath gets word of your self-imposed mission.  You have a very big back, you see.  Plenty of room for a knife or two.”
“It could use some watching,” Barnabas said, “I might have some allies I can turn to when I arrive in Gathnad.  Old friends.”
“Well uncle,” Mindy said, waving the little hand of Mako Jr. as she did, “I want this young man to hear your stories from you someday, not me.”
Feeling deja-vu, Barnabas replied, “I suspect I’ll have new ones to tell after this ordeal.”  With that he boarded the ship and began helping carry supplies to the cargo hold.  An hour later the ship set off.  Standing on the starboard side of the deck, he waved goodbye to his friends gathered there, and soon the port town of Bolst was a speck on the horizon.
The next three days were tedious.  Barnabas was not fond of traveling across the sea.  He had learned many things over the span of his life, but swimming was one that he had not mastered.  He often described himself swimming as being, “like watching a three legged sheep climb the icy caps of the Moeller Mountains.”
Barnabas was acquainted with some of the crew, the captain included.  It made for a relatively quiet first day.  The shipmates who were not accustomed to a docile troll were hard to work with, mostly because the less peacable of them made no show of hiding their mistrust for Barnabas.  He lost track of the threats he’d received in the first few hours since departure.  One man swore that he and five others were planning to throw Barnabas overboard in his sleep, to which Barnabas replied that he hoped the five others were stronger than he looked or they wouldn’t even be able to wake him.  He was used to this kind of treatment, however, and the general increase of it the further from Eoru that he became.
It would be a week long voyage across the Goryyun Sea.  There were many small island communities along the way, the northern most allied with Ruoth, while the ones farther south with Gathnad.  Unfortunately, as Martin had said, this was not a pleasure cruise, nor was it even supposed to be a transport ship for persons.  As a cargo ship it was strictly to the destination as quickly as possible and back again in the same fashion.  This meant there would be no stops at any of these islands.
On the fourth day of the voyage, the captain called the crew up to the deck, first thing in the morning.
“Gents, we have a problem,” he said to the crew, “I’ve been keeping tabs on everything in the storage bay.  Everything meaning the cargo and our provisions for the journey.  The cargo is fine.  Everything is in order there.  Considering we’re only hauling wools and other such invaluables, that’s not too surprising.  Our provisions, on the other hand, are not in order.”  He stared carefully at the crew, looking for a sign of understanding, or fear to this proclamation.  “We appear to be running short of food and drink.”  There was muttering at these words, and Barnabas could understand why.  Nothing was worse than being trapped on a boat with little food or drink.  He didn’t like the sounds of it either.
“There are only two possible explanations for this,” the captain continued.  “The first of which, I would not be privy to believe.  Someone here thinks he isn’t being fed enough during mealtimes, and is sneaking into the mess hall.
“The troll!” called someone in the back, “Gotta be him!  He eats so much, it ‘as to be him!”
“No, that’s incorrect,” the captain glared at the man, “Barnabas eats with me and has since the journey began.  He could use more food than the rest of us, but he doesn’t eat more as to be fair.  You were pretty quick with an accusation, though.  It makes me wonder.”
“I sure as hell ain’t been eatin’ well since this trip started!” the man said, “Lookit ‘ow thin I am an’ tell me I been piggin’ out!”
“I see, I see,” the captain replied calmly, “Anyone else?”  There was a small uproar.  Every man began shouting his denial.  The captain held up his hands and the crew settled down.  “If no one present has been stealing food, then I move to my second possibility.  We must have a stowaway.  Has anyone seen anything?”
The men all began looking at each other, thinking hard.  None of them had seen anyone on the ship or even anything that would make them think there was a stowaway.  If the food hadn’t been disappearing, they might never have guessed there was one.
“There’s still no proof that’s the case, however,” the captain went on after no one answered, “I still can’t rule out the fact that someone could be lying about not stealing extra rations.  But keep your eyes peeled.  Whoever finds the stowaway, if there is one, gets to kick him overboard and gets a bonus when we get the paycut.”  There was a great deal of cheer at this statement and Barnabas noticed the excited looks on all the crewmembers’ faces.  An indication, he thought, that none of them were stealing, and of their cruelty.  They were cheering just as much for the chance to kill a man at sea as they were to a bonus.  They may just be looking for a good way to place the blame on someone else and get a reward, he thought.  Reminding himself to watch his back, Barnabas went about his chores on the deck.
The next day, the stowaway, if there was one, had not been apprehended.  The food was missing, as well as the clean drinking water.  The water wasn’t so much of a problem.  The gnomes had solved that problem years ago with a machine that took the sea water, removed the salt, and cleaned it; making it drinkable.  It was the other drink that went missing that raised alarm.
“Three bottles!” The captain was enraged.  “My favorite whiskey!  Three bottles!  If I catch the scum who did this…” He let the threat hang on the air, and no one doubted what the end of the sentence would have been violent.
Barnabas was now positive that the thief wasn’t a member of the crew.  The crew, though a bit surlier than he was used to, seemed very loyal to the captain, or at least scared of him.  None of them would have been able to remain stoic under the penetrating glare he was now giving every member of the crew.  Barnabas decided to reassure his innocence to the captain.
“I know it wasn’t you, Barnabas,” the captain said, after Barnabas made his plea.  “I don’t forget many things.  You only like that vodka shit.”  The captain’s language worsened with his attitude, a bad habit.
“Considering you can trust me,” Barnabas replied, “I will guard the store room tonight.  If the thief is foolish enough to try and sneak past me, we’ll have him in the brig for the rest of the trip.  Best case scenario is that he won’t bother me, and we won’t lose anything else during the trip.”
“All right,” the captain said, pulling out his charts, “But I’m kicking him overboard.  There’s no brig on this ship.  For a reason.  Zero tolerance for any crap.  That’s how I keep this crew in line.”
“By threatening them?” Barnabas asked, hiding his distaste at the thought of killing someone for the small crime of stowing away, or even stealing.
“Better than asking nicely and getting no results,” the captain said.  “Better get up there, we’re getting to some rough waters.”
That night, Barnabas set up a cot in the supply room.  There had been people around all day, and the supplies had been tallied by the captain just beforehand.  Barnabas pulled his lantern from his satchel as well as a book detailing the known history of the world.  He had read it many times, but every time he reread it, something new would catch his eye, and he learned something every time he read it.  Four hours later, he was starting to feel the wear of the day on his eyes, which were getting harder to keep open.  He was about to drift off when he heard a small thump from behind him, in the store room.  He was just aware enough of the world around him to stop himself from making a noise of surprise.
He opened the door as quietly as he could and snuck into the storeroom as stealthily as a ten foot cave troll could.  The store room was quite vast, covering most of the hull.  He could hear footsteps somewhere towards the back, as well as a faint muttering.  He made his way towards the back, where the personal supplies were kept, not bothering to check the cargo, considering all of the thefts had been from the personal supplies.
It wasn’t hard to find, after he finally reached the personal supply rack.  The thief was strung out, spread eagle on his stomach, a bottle lying inches from his hand, where it rolled after he had passed out.  Barnabas eyed the scene with slight disgust as he walked over and kicked the man lightly in the gut.
“By the deities…” the man grumbled.  He started to pick himself up, and Barnabas gave him another kick.   “Gah!  Knock it off, I’m up!  I’m up!”
“You had better be quicker about it than that,” Barnabas said aggressively, “You’ve got a lot of explaining to do; especially if you don’t want to be swimming the rest of the way to Gathnad.”
“Troll?” The man wheezed, still slightly winded from the kick, “Well, I suppose I was lucky enough that you were the one who found me.”  He flipped over, and moved just enough that his face, and the turban over it was visible in the moonlight shining through the window.  Barnabas raised his eyebrows at who he saw.  Pergory Feng.
“Feng?” Barnabas asked incredulously, “What in the flaming bog of Hell are you doing here?”
“Well keeping a promise for one,” Pergory replied pleasantly, pushing himself into a sitting position.  He reeked of sweat and whiskey.
“What promise is that?” Barnabas asked.
“Well the one I made to you, of course!” Pergory said.  He had his knees pulled up to his chin and his arms wrapped around him, possibly in an effort to make sure that Barnabas couldn’t kick him in the gut again.  “I told you I was going to make that song longer.”
“That’s what this is about?” Barnabas asked, “You stowed away on a ship just to follow me around and lengthen a song?”
“Of course,” Pergory replied as if it should have been obvious.  “Why else would I?”
“Excellent question,” Barnabas said, “Did you not stop to consider asking me whether or not I would permit you to travel with me?”
“Thought crossed my mind,” Pergory answered, “Not much of an adventure if you ask permission though.  You just come across as an annoying school aged child.”
“What about stowing away then?” Barnabas continued, becoming irritated with Pergory’s very lax attitude about the situation he was in.  “Why didn’t you just seek employment as a deck hand?”
“Wouldn’t have gotten hired,” Pergory shrugged, “Don’t get along the greatest with old Martin.  He caught me with his daughter one too many times.”
Paul’s words rang through Barnabas’ head.  Lecherous.
“Well I hope you know what awaits you tomorrow,” Barnabas replied.
“Oh, what do you wager the punishment’s going to be?” Pergory asked innocently.
“There’s no brig on this ship,” Barnabas told him gravely, “Anyone caught in the act of crime is simply thrown overboard.”  Pergory’s brow furrowed in thought.
“Well supposing it comes to that it’ll only be about three days’ swim to Gathnad, maybe four,” he replied, “If I do walk the plank, so to speak, be sure to wait for me in…what port are we headed to?”
“Roger’s Skull,” Barnabas answered, disbelieving the very nonchalant attitude this young man had about this ordeal, “And you seem quite positive that you could swim the distance.”
“I’ve swam greater,” Pergory replied, “though granted I was sober at the time.  I float well, see, and so when I get tired I just float it off for a bit.  I reckon it’s going to take a good fifteen hours to get this booze out of me, though.” As if to prove this point, Pergory let out a loud belch.  Barnabas was impressed against his will that the man was more worried about a hangover than a three day long swim.  “There’s a little bit,” Pergory replied drunkenly.  “But hey, I’m not too worried about swimming, anyhow.”
“Why not?” Barnabas asked, genuinely curious as to why he wouldn’t be.
“Cause you aren’t going to let them throw me overboard,” Pergory replied matter-of-factly.
“What makes you think that?” Barnabas asked.
“I can tell,” Pergory replied, “You’re a curious guy, you want to get to know me.  I mean, I do have a certain charm.”  Barnabas looked him over, taking in the greatly disheveled appearance, the very untrimmed facial hair, and the lingering scent of four days worth of foul living in the cargo hold of a ship.
“I wouldn’t be too sure about any of that,” Barnabas replied, but had a smile on his face.  Pergory was the quickest witted drunk he had ever met, and was spot on in all of his observations.
Pergory slept on the floor in Barnabas’ quarters the rest of the night.  Barnabas got his own personal room because he was too big for a hammock in the main crew quarters.  The next morning, Barnabas woke Pergory, who appeared to be in good shape, (“I’m too used to hangovers to let them bother me anymore,” he had said) and they went up to talk to the captain.  The crew wasn’t up yet, which Barnabas had planned on, because he didn’t want a riot breaking out.
The captain began drilling Pergory as to why he was stowing away on the ship, and Pergory mirrored the answer he had given Barnabas the night before.
“Writing a song about him?” The captain asked shocked.  “You stowed away to write a song?”
“I’m a bard,” Pergory replied, “It’s what I do.”
“That’s fine, and all,” the captain said, shaking his head in wonder, “I’d be willing to excuse you just for that very original explanation.  Most people are just looking for free travel…but what I can’t forgive is your theft.”  He glared into Pergory’s eyes and Barnabas thought that it would be good for Pergory to show some hint of shame at this point.  He didn’t though.  “I don’t tolerate that kind of shit from my crew, what makes you think I’m going to tolerate it from a drunkard stowaway?”
“I don’t,” Pergory said nonplussed, shrugging his shoulders.
“You don’t what?” the captain asked, caught off guard by the answer to his possibly rhetorical question.
“I don’t think you’ll tolerate it,” Pergory answered.
“Oh…” the captain was slightly confused by the peculiar man in front of him, but seemed to recover slightly, “Well…well good, because I’m not.  The punishment for any crime on this ship is…”
“Getting thrown overboard?” Pergory interrupted as if he had other things he wanted to be doing and wanted to get this over with as soon as possible, “Barnabas told me last night, no brig and all that.  So what’s the plan then?”
The captain seemed to be at a loss for words, “Plan?” he asked confusedly.
“Well if I’m going overboard I’d like to gather some personal belongings from out of the cargo bay,” Pergory said, counting off his fingers as he did so, “that way when I finally reach Roger’s Skull by swimming, Barnabas here can return them to me and we can head out.  I’d also need some help draining the rest of the liquor out of my system, so it wouldn’t bog me down halfway to shore.”
The captain was looking as though Pergory had punched him in the stomach.  “Swim?” he asked.
“Yeah,” Pergory said, “I was a right fish in my youth.  It’s a lot of fun.”
“But it would take you…three days or more to swim to Roger’s Skull,” the Captain said.  Barnabas then realized that Pergory was playing the captain like a lute.  The captain was so impressed with the drunk’s attitude that all Barnabas would have to do now was vouch for Pergory and the Captain wouldn’t toss him overboard.
“If it helps the situation,” Barnabas cut in, giving Pergory a look to tell him he was following along, “Pergory will be traveling with me once we reach shore, whether he swims or if he remains on this boat.  I’ll put him to work if he stays, and then I won’t have to wait for the bloody drunk when we arrive.”
The captain looked between the troll and the perplexing drunk man and finally said (with just a hint of a smile), “Fine.  You can stay.  But today you’re going to be doing all of yours and Barnabas’ chores.  It’ll be your penance for the food you’ve stolen thus far as well as Barnabas’ payment for catching you last night.”
“It’s a deal,” Pergory said, leaning over and shaking the man’s hand, “Always wanted to be a sea dog anyway!”
He was singing a different tune by nightfall, however.
“You forgot to mention you did half the work on this ship by yourself,” Pergory moaned as he sprawled out on the floor that night, “I’d almost prefer to be swimming.”
“It could still be arranged, you know,” Barnabas chuckled, “I’m a ten foot troll with enormous strength.  I’m expected to do a bit more than anyone else.  Which is why the captain found it to be a fitting punishment for you.”
“Thanks for the explanation,” Pergory muttered, pulling a flask from his vest pocket, “Now, however, the relaxation can begin.”  He was about to take a sip, when he was stopped by the annoying coincidence that the whole ship seemed to come to a shuddering stop at that same moment.  Both Barnabas and Pergory went flying into the front wall of their cabin and bounced back onto the floor.
“What in the Marshes of Hell was that about?” Barnabas exclaimed as he got up unsteadily.  Pergory appeared more concerned with his spilled whiskey and did not reply.  The ship was rocking very harshly, and all of a sudden they could hear the captain and the rest of the crew yelling incoherently from the deck above them.
“It would probably be a good idea to get up there,” Pergory said.  Barnabas pulled the large flail he had taken from Jordan out of his satchel, and they ran out the door and made their way to the ladder that went to the deck above, where they met the man who accused Barnabas of stealing two days earlier.
“Top deck, you two!” he bellowed, “We’re under attack!”
“What?  Who’s attacking?” Barnabas inquired loudly over the yelling of the crew above them.
“Not who!” the man answered, running towards the cannon bay, “It’s a leviathan!”
“A leviathan!?” Barnabas exclaimed.  “Things like this make me hate traveling by boat!” He yelled at Pergory over the din.
“Really?” Pergory called back as he began climbing the ladder, “I think it’s the best part about it!”  Thinking about the new story he would have for the children of Eoru, Barnabas followed him up the ladder.
A leviathan was an enormous sea monster.  It had a head much like a dragon’s, the body and flexibility of a snake, and the tail end of its body consisted of four long appendages that it used to grip its prey tightly.  In most cases, like the one Barnabas and crew were currently in, the monster would attach those appendages to the bottom of a boat and arc its body around the side, looking like a bow and arrow.  This made it a deadly foe, considering it was impossible to reach with a sword until it moved its head in to grab a hapless crew member.  Barnabas had seen a leviathan once in his life, and he had been standing on a shore in Ubgae at the time.  That monster had been attacking a green whale and had also been considerably larger than this one.  A small comfort, since this one was still towering at least twelve feet above the deck.
The crew was frenetic.  Many of them had begun arming themselves with bow and arrow and began firing, ineffectively, into the beast’s belly.  Barnabas had little time to think about this though, because the leviathan wasted no time in finding the biggest food source on the deck.  It lunged at him and he jumped and rolled, causing it miss him.  It smashed into the rail instead, turning it into splinters.  The beast was reared over the starboard side, so Barnabas and Pergory scrambled to the port side as quickly as possible, just outside the beast’s reach.
“We have to dismantle it somehow!” Barnabas told Pergory, “I could climb to the crow’s nest and leap onto the damned thing, where I could do some real damage…but it’s not going to mean a damn thing if it’s still clinging to the boat!”
Pergory furrowed his brow, which Barnabas was beginning to associate with his quick wit at work, and then smiled.  “Looks like I’m swimming after all!”
“What?!” Barnabas yelled as one of the crew ran by carrying an armful of cannonballs, “You’d better not be thinking of abandoning ship!”
“Of course I’m not!” Pergory yelled back, as the captain went by, rolling a cannon.  He stopped and joined their conversation.
“I need your help, Barnabas!” he yelled over the din of splintering wood.  The ship was shaking violently, it was the leviathan gripping the ship tighter.  The beast was planning to tear the ship apart and pick the scraps out of the water.
“All right,” Barnabas told Pergory and the captain.  “I’ll help the captain get the cannons set up, that’ll give Pergory time to loosen its grip!  Then I’m going to climb up to the crow’s nest.  Bait the monster, and when he lunges in, I’ll jump on his Deity cursed head and go to work!” He raised his new flail to indicate what he meant.
“You always were a crazy son of a broller!” the captain hollered back, “If you think you can pull it off then let’s go!”  Pergory nodded and leapt over the side of the boat, unsheathing his sword as he did so.  Barnabas caught a quick glimpse of it, the smallest of glimpses, and nearly forgot the situation at hand.  The sword was, without a doubt, made of porrock:  the strongest, and rarest metal of all.  Barnabas didn’t need to study the sword for more than a moment to see that.  Porrock was unmistakable if one who had studied metal work in any way had seen it before.  The deck quavering under his feet brought him back to reality.  Promising to question Pergory about his sword later, Barnabas picked up the heavy cannon and set it into place under the mast while the captain and three other crew members went to get the next one.
Barnabas began climbing the mast.  The beast was writhing in agony, and Barnabas realized Pergory must have been doing well.  Soon he was at the top.  By this time, the captain had the next cannon in place.
“Get him under me somehow!” Barnabas called down.
“AYE!” the captain bellowed, “Men!  Time to test your bravery!  We need to lure that creature under the mast!”
Barnabas realized why this crew was the captain’s favorite to work with.  The men were either very brave, or incredibly stupid.  Either way, Barnabas thought they seemed to be having too much fun, darting in and out of the leviathan’s reach.  The beast was beyond enraged.  On one hand, Barnabas could tell that the beast wanted to dive under the water and attack Pergory, who was undoubtedly giving it a taste of the sharpest blade Barnabas had ever seen.  On the other hand, a meal was foolishly darting in and out of its reach willingly.  Eventually it seemed to choose the latter course, and it struck like a mountain snake.  It narrowly missed a man, who took a nasty spill and undoubtedly broke his leg during the fall.  Barnabas wasted not a moment and leapt off, realizing this may be the only chance he got.
Time slowed.  To Barnabas, it seemed, his descent was enough time to calculate the landing with enough precision that he didn’t merely bounce off the side of the beast.  He barely got a grip on one of the spikes protruding from the back of the neck of the beast and had to swing for a moment so that his momentum wouldn’t force him to lose his grip.  The monster was immediately aware of the heavy addition to its neck, and tried to find the source.  As flexible as it was, though, it was just unable to reach Barnabas.  He climbed his way to the top, holding on as tightly as he could. The leviathan, realizing that it couldn’t reach Barnabas, began jerking violently in the hopes to shake him off.  It was now being assaulted on all sides, Pergory on the bottom, the crew with their arrows and cannons on its long, snaking gut, and now Barnabas repeatedly bashing its head with his incredible strength and enormous flail.  The attacks were driving it into a completely mindless rage.
Barnabas was now located directly on top of the skull.  It was hard to hold onto the violently thrashing beast with two hands, and he could barely find an opening to smash it with the flail.  Finally it appeared that Pergory had removed the last tentacle, for the beast suddenly seemed to lose its balance as it became detached from the ship, and its thrashing caused it to fly backwards farther than it could recover from.  Barnabas saw the beast’s eye open in surprise, and he wasted no time striking the exposed organ with the mace.  The eye ruptured, and that was the last the monster seemed to be willing to put up with.  It let out an agonized shriek, and dove into the water to escape what was supposed to have been its meal.
Barnabas was caught in the wake for a few moments, and cursed his luck as he floundered back up to the surface.  Along the way he met up with Pergory, who had seen the troll flailing miserably and was coming over to help.  Grabbing Barnabas’ arm in a tighter grip than the troll expected from Pergory, they began kicking for the surface.
Their heads poked out of the water, both gasping for breath.
“I…I wouldn’t have guessed…that your weakness…was swimming!” Pergory said through his breathing and shivers.  The rush of adrenaline was leaving, and the frigid temperature of the water was becoming more noticeable.
“N…not exactly m-my f-forte,” Barnabas shivered back.  They swam back to the boat, where the crew was waiting with a dinghy.  They were pulled aboard and had blankets thrown around them.  Whatever animosity the crew had towards the troll and the stowaway before, it had been erased in the last half hour, and it was no secret they were all deeply impressed with the two people who might have been crazier than they themselves were.
“Nowun’s gonna believe me this time!” One man shouted as they made their way to the crew’s quarters.
“No one ever believes you, you idiot!” someone in the back called, “I can’t wait to tell me wife, she’s going to throw a right fit!”  Everyone laughed, and then cheered as the captain strode into the crew quarters carrying a wooden keg of liquor.  They held a small party in celebration in which the remaining whiskey was diminished.  Pergory pulled out his lute and entertained the crew with various songs, including the one he was writing about Barnabas, which now contained new lyrics.
“He faced the leviathan grim,
With confidence filled to the brim!
And though he destroyed it, we all feared the worst,
Because he didn’t know how to swim!”
Barnabas cheered along with the rest of the crowd, but his mind had returned to the mystery of the bard, which was now intensified with the very powerful blade that he wore on his hip.  Barnabas no longer believed that Pergory was only a mere bard, but he had a suspicion that Pergory wouldn’t tell him the truth when Barnabas eventually asked him.  Barnabas subconsciously made a checklist of things he definitely knew to be certain about Feng, and which he would add to as he learned more.  The first item was that Feng was a lecherous drunk.  He made no show of hiding that, Barnabas thought with a smile.
Sooner than Barnabas had believed, they arrived at Roger’s Skull.  The port was much smaller and seedier than Bolst.  This was partially due to the fact that the harbor masters of Roger’s Skull had always been a corrupt lot who had no qualms about dealings with pirates and scum.
“Alright,” the captain said as they began entering the docks, “We get in, and waste no time dropping off the goods.  There needs to be five people who stay on this ship doing guard work, and I want two men guarding the loading area.  The rest will be unloading the goods.  I will make contact with our employer as well as locate supplies and cargo for the journey home.  As soon as we get them, we set sail. We can rest on the sea, not here.”
They went to work, Barnabas and Pergory helping with the unloading.  It took five trips to completely unload the ship onto the dock, and when they had finished, the merchants who had purchased the wares were waiting to pick them up.  Afterwards, the captain handed a large sack of coins to Barnabas, and a smaller one to Pergory.  Pergory looked at his smaller sack bemusedly, but pocketed it.  They said their goodbyes to the captain and crew, and then set off into the city.
Pergory took out his small sack and began counting the coins disdainfully.
“What’s wrong?” Barnabas asked.
“I guess it’s a bit of a let down to be paid so poorly for the first honest work you’ve done in a while,” Pergory said, dropping the sullen attitude and smiling at the troll.  Barnabas gave a great laugh.
“You got what you deserved,” he said, “You did a fine job against the leviathan and helping out the last day, but it didn’t account for the lack of work for the first five that you skipped out on.”
“Do you know of a word that rhymes with smug?” Pergory asked in an oily voice.  “I think I thought of a new lyric for your song if you do.”
There wasn’t much to do in Roger’s Skull.  It was a town that simply existed for the use of its harbor.  There were no fancy places to eat, and there was a good chance you could get your throat slit in any of the pubs in town for no good reason.  They made a stop at a bar because Pergory insisted on using his pay to purchase a bottle of Moel Ale.  Barnabas didn’t want to support this habit, but was aware of the fact that being drunk didn’t seem to affect Pergory as it did others.  He also respected the fact that he was not the master of Pergory and could not tell him what to do.  He did, however, voice his complaint in the man’s choice of alcohol.  Moel Ale was a very dry drink.  It was like the liquid equivalent of eating chokecherries.  It made your mouth feel more parched than before you drank it, and it burned your throat something fierce on the way down.
“You certainly won’t have to worry about sharing,” Barnabas said, eyeing the bottle with distaste.
“I’m sure you’ve got a big bottle of your own ale buried somewhere in that circus tent you call a satchel,” Pergory replied, happily pouring a considerable amount into his hip flask (replacing what was removed after it fell from his hands when the leviathan attacked).
“I do, but it’s not any ale,” Barnabas said.  He found that he was enjoying the small talk of his new traveling companion.
“Oh really?” Pergory inquired, his interest piqued significantly.  “What brand of drink does a troll enjoy to whet his thirst with?”
“Vodka,” Barnabas replied.  Pergory made a slight face of disgust, which Barnabas thought was odd considering the man’s preferred drink had the effects of ash.  “What? It’s better than that stuff you’re drinking!”
“I have developed quite a taste for this,” Pergory replied, raising his flask and taking a quick sip.  “It doesn’t really leave you aching in the head in the morning.  Vodka, on the other hand, should only be consumed if you plan to do something very heinous and do not want to remember it the following day.”
“Maybe for you,” Barnabas replied.
“Great size creates great tolerance, I guess,” Pergory remarked.
They began making their way out of town and in doing so Barnabas was given a subtle reminder as to what he was doing there in the first place, as well as the fact that he had not discussed his mission with Pergory yet.  He felt he could trust the man with the information, though.
“Not many troops around here, are there?” Barnabas inquired, looking around.
“I noticed that as well,” Pergory said unconcernedly.  “I don’t really think much of it, though.  Little port town like this, so far away from the capital, wouldn’t have too much concern for the big bad empire, would it?”
“More than you’d think,” Barnabas answered, “Many of the goods traded between Gathnad and Ruoth come through this port, nearly all of the supplies that go to the major cities including the capital pass through here.  It’s not much to look at, but it is an important town.  You’d think the Emperor would conserve more forces here.”
As if to press that point, a Gathnadian soldier walked by.  He eyed Barnabas and Pergory suspiciously for a moment, but Barnabas knew it was because he had probably never seen a troll before.  Trolls were native to Ruoth, something that Barnabas was grateful for when he visited the other continents, because most people in Ugbae and Gathnad didn’t know that trolls were usually lumbering mindless beasts that occasionally caused a lot of destruction.  It was easier to gain a strangers trust in the foreign lands than it was back home.
This soldier, though, was the only one they saw in the whole town.  By the time they reached the end, Pergory too had become wary of the situation.
“It does seem peculiar,” he said.  He glanced at Barnabas and said, “You didn’t make that observation at random, did you?”
“No,” Barnabas answered truthfully, and quietly, “The lack of troops in this town has a great deal to do with my travels in this continent, but I can’t go into much detail now.  I’ll explain more when we get outside the city, away from prying eyes and ears.”
There were not even soldiers at the city limits, the guard posts were stationed by common citizens.  They stopped Barnabas and Pergory before they could leave town.  Two men greeted them in the middle of the road, one a weedy looking man with long, thin, and graying hair; and the other was a man whose face was so flat that he looked as though it had been hit with a door.
“What’s your business in Gathnad?” the thin man asked, his voice as slick and greasy as his appearance.
“I’m traveling to sell my wares,” Barnabas replied, hoisting his rucksack as he did so.  The men’s eyes were drawn to it.
“Show us,” the flat faced man said.  His lack of hair and beady eyes made Barnabas think that he could easily be mistaken for a moel if his skin had been any paler.
Barnabas removed the sack from his shoulder and began pulling his leather work from it, the finished pieces consisted of quivers, breastplates, even a small saddle that was designed for use on a quaiddan riding fowl (a large, ostrich like bird; faster than a horse but much fiercer and harder to break).  The unfinished work was mostly breastplates and sword hilts, a skill Barnabas had only begun to practice.
“Decent work, beast,” the flat faced man said.  Barnabas felt a small pang of resentment rise in him at the word beast, but said nothing.  “I reckon these would go for quite a lot of coin.”  He then turned to Pergory, “What’s your excuse, then.”
“Just a traveling companion,” Pergory replied, “Someone’s got to keep the big guy company, you know.”
“What’s your profession,” The weedy man asked.  It seemed to Barnabas a stupid question, considering that Pergory was carrying at least three instruments visibly on his person.  These men were not alarmingly astute, Barnabas thought.
“A bard,” Pergory answered, and Barnabas noted a smile playing on the drunk’s lips at the slow wittedness of the guards.
“A bard?” the flat faced man laughed, “Don’t you have women in Ruoth for that sort of thing?”
“Well I suppose,” Pergory answered, “But at least we don’t let our women guard cities.”
Barnabas expected a fight after that remark, but to his surprise, the jest went straight over their heads.
“Well I’d hope not,” the weedy man said, completely missing the cut of Pergory’s joke.  “In any case, I suppose we’ll let you through.”  Pergory winked at Barnabas as they reloaded Barnabas’ satchel and finally left town.

Chapter 4
True Colors


Barnabas and Pergory walked for a day, barely speaking.  This was to make sure they were not being followed.  If they were followed, then at least their pursuers wouldn’t have heard anything Barnabas didn’t want them to.  Pergory was confused as to why anyone would bother following them in the first place, but agreed with Barnabas’ wish to remain quiet.  There was a lot you could learn about someone from what they said, but there was more to learn, Barnabas thought, when they didn’t say anything at all.  Pergory, for example:  Barnabas learned that he walked with a slight limp in his right leg.  Pergory didn’t complain about the limp, and acted as if it was natural to him, which allowed Barnabas to conclude that the injury was not recent.
Another thing Barnabas learned about Pergory was that he seemed to be very musical, even at a subconscious level.  He whistled, hummed, or sang most of the time they were walking.  He even once pulled out a flute and played an ironic marching tune to liven up a very boring stretch of flat land.
Gathnad was strange geographically.  The continent itself was wide, and flat, spanning most of the southern half of the globe.  The very northern part of the land was very similar to the continent above it.  On the eastern side under Ruoth, the land was very green and there were rocky hills.  Under Ugbae there was a lot of dry sun and desert land.  But it was very different on both counts.  The Aclaecic Desert (as it was called) was not sandy with little vegetation for miles, as the Murdok Desert was.  It was rockier, the earth cracked were the Aclaecic Gulf used to be, before a climate change many centuries ago had dried the land.  There were cacti and other vegetation that adapted from life on the sea floor to life almost without water completely.  The fauna was the same way.
The Maelbog on the eastern part of the continent was of the same nature.  Green and hilly, but mostly all swampland, and then further south it became the Turaniac Jungle.  There were many towns surrounding the Maelbog, but it was a very suspicious place that most people feared out of superstitions.  Barnabas knew that there was nothing more to be afraid about in the jungle or the marshes than in any other part of the world.  They were filled with normal dangers that one would expect to find in any place.  He ventured into the marshlands once, and befriended a small tribe of moel who had adapted to life in the swamp, and had returned there many times since.  Humans in the many towns outside the area made a great living by capturing animals that lived in outer parts of the swamp, and the jungle grew certain herbs and fruits exclusively that sold for a hefty amount.
Barnabas and Pergory were headed southwest, toward the center of the continent.  It housed the most hospitable land in the nation, as well as the Berricks Forest, which was a prime provider of lumber for the nation.  Just north of the forest was the capitol, Gunther City, and Barnabas knew that it would be there that he found the answers to his questions.
The capitol was named after the famous human general who helped negotiate the end of the legendary war.  During the wartime, all of mankind was under one banner.  General Gunther was a fierce and vicious leader who had rallied them together and brought them to victory against the elves and their technology and magic.  Mankind outnumbered the elves greatly, and it didn’t take long for man to overwhelm the fair folk.  After the war, mankind split itself into three sanctions, each of the three claiming a continent for their own, which eventually turned into the three prominent nations of the world.  Gunther’s son (known as Gathnad the Fierce) conquered the southern continent for his own, naming the nation after himself and setting up his empire.
That night they set up camp in the open field.  The Maelbog could just be seen three miles to the southeast, meaning they had traveled at least twenty five miles.  Barnabas was quite used to such travel and was very naturally hardy.  Pergory only seemed slightly worn down from their journey, Barnabas assumed his childhood of traveling the Murdok Desert had a factor in this; and Pergory must have been used to much less ideal conditions for traveling.
“I’m pretty sure we weren’t followed,” Pergory said as he plopped in front of a fire that was cooking some swamp hog that he had hunted.  It was a young hog, but sill big enough to provide substantial meat for both of them.  It had wandered out of the Maelbog too far, a trait of curiosity in the younger ones.  The meat of a swamp hog was edible, but far from tasty.  Considering their options, however, they didn’t complain.  “I kept a sharp lookout the whole time.”
“I’m sure of it too,” Barnabas replied, pulling out his pipe and tobacco.
Taking a swig from his flask, Pergory asked, “So how about we chat for a while, then?  We could start with the real reason you’re in this continent.  I know it isn’t just to sell you wares, or you’d have brought more with you.  You’re lucky those blokes back in the port weren’t quick enough to realize that.”
“You’re very observant,” Barnabas replied.  He told the story he had heard in Eoru from Theodore Marquie, how the Emperor had been moving his troops.  And then the tale of Prob the moel leader about the moel tribe that had been attacked, and the information they had tortured from their prisoners.  He then told the suspicions that he and his friends in Bolst had discussed back in Janet’s bakery.
When Barnabas mentioned the rumor about the elves, Pergory gave a loud laugh.
“The elves?” he said through his mirth, “If the emperor thinks that the elves would ally with any ruler of Gathnad then he is out of his mind.”
“Oh?” Barnabas inquired.
“Well, I’m a bard, as you know,” Pergory explained, “I’ve heard and learned all of the old songs and stories.  Personally (and this could just be me being prejudiced) I think that Ugbae has the finest collection of storytellers to learn them from.  I’ve discerned the truth from the children’s tales.  One truth that is consistent throughout all the most reliable tales is that Gunther the Bold was a ruthless general.  He helped negotiate the Treaty of Red Clovers, yes, but according to the stories he would have just as soon finished off the war with violence and wiped the elves off the face of Tagrent.  A young elf general was the one who negotiated the part of the treaty that said they would go into hiding, and the rest of the elves followed it merely to distance themselves from the man.  They would not trust any descendent of his, nor anyone that he would deem fit to rule.”
“I have heard that rumor before,” Barnabas said, “But I have heard many others as well.  One rumor is that the elves planned to use a violent weapon to utterly destroy mankind and that it failed, forcing them to accept the treaty.  Another is similar, saying the elves planned to use this weapon, and that the young elf general stopped them from doing so, and forced the treaty himself.  As such, I’ve never really settled on any interpretation of the events of the writing of that treaty.  Never-the-less, if what you say is true, then that leaves us with few options.  The one I fear most is that Sunrath has discovered some lost elven technology, powerful enough to defeat even an alliance between Ruoth and Ugbae, even if Gathnad was outnumbered.  Perhaps even the weapon that all of the legends speak of.”
“Doubtful,” Pergory replied, taking another swig of the moel ale.  “Supposing the weapon even existed, there would be no way the elves would just leave it lying around where it could fall into the hands of man, especially not if it was actually powerful enough to wipe out an entire race.  But I will admit that I’m very excited by all this!  I’ve dreamed since childhood to be the one who gets to record the next world changing event, to write the first song about it!  I may just become very famous in years to come!”
“If you can keep sober long enough,” Barnabas laughed.  They began a lighter talk after that, about their pasts.  Pergory listened intently at the tale of Barnabas’ early years, taking notes that Barnabas knew he was going to add to his song at some later point.  Then the discussion turned to Pergory’s childhood.
“Not much to say,” he said with a slight slur in his voice.  He had drunk much of the ale in his flask at this point and it was beginning to show.  “I don’t remember my birth parentsh.  My adoptive family found me in the streetsh of Unslad.  They took pity, I wash very underfed.  They were traveling back to Ugbae, and had long tried and failed to birth a child, so they decided to shettle with me, I guess.” he stopped and belched, then continued.  “I grew up pretty quickly, as mosht youths do in Ugbae.  The winds and desert make for great teachersh of life’s harshness.  I had quite an imagination, and shoon I was inventing stories all my own, as well as learning them.  My father wash alsho a bard, and took great pride in teaching me how to play the different instruments he knew.
“I was a bit wild, I shuppose it was my foreign nature, but in many ways I wash not the best son an Ugbaen could have.  I was quite lecherous, still am, come to think of it,” he stopped, took another sip, “As well as I spent many one night staysh in the Yu’egba prishon.  Nothing serious,” he added, “jusht little thingsh like bar fightsh and the like.  Eventually I got old enough that I thought I ought to be making my forshune somewhere, and I shaid goodbye to my parents and came back to the Ruoth, where I lived ever shince.”
“Quite a story,” Barnabas commented.
“Not quite as glamorous as yours,” Pergory replied with a grin, “But I shuppose that’s why no one’s following me around writing about my doings!”
Barnabas laughed, “I’m sure there’s someone out there who would like to write a story about the lecherous bard.  Someday, anyway.”
“My life,” Pergory said with a hint of bitterness so small that if Barnabas hadn’t been listening carefully, he would have missed it, “would make a great comedy, I suppose.”
Barnabas knew that whatever was meant by the bitterness of the words, Pergory did not wish to discuss it, and so did not pursue the matter.  Pergory excused himself to, as he called it, drain himself.  Upon his return, he propped up his jacket to use as a pillow and said, “I’m going to sleep now, or I’m going to actually feel this ale in the morning.”
“We can go slower tomorrow if you’re not feeling the best,” Barnabas replied, but it was lost on Pergory who seemed to have fallen asleep as soon as he closed his eyes.  Barnabas pulled out his lantern, and his book of history, and began reading.  He skipped chapters until he got to the legendary war, and began rereading the story of the war, and the details of the treaty that solved it.  But as he knew they would be, the details were sparse on the subject, merely mentioning the contents of the treaty and not the discussions that brought it to life.  Soon, sleep overcame him.
The next day seemed to go by much faster.  No longer fearing that they were being followed, Barnabas and Pergory talked much more.
“So, that’s a fine blade you have there,” Barnabas commented, hoping he could learn about the sword’s origin.
“The finest,” Pergory replied, “What you see before you,” he indicated himself, with his tattered old clothing and disheveled appearance, “Is the price of the sword.  It was found by a merchant in Yu’egba.  He wouldn’t tell me where he found it, but he was selling it in the marketplace.  A porrock blade, I assume you know what it is?  You saw it on the ship, didn’t you?”
“Aye,” Barnabas confirmed, happy that Pergory wasn’t trying to hide the truth from him.
“Well you can imagine my shock upon seeing it.  I had heard stories about all of the greatest heroes owning blades such as this.  The metal that was hard enough to deflect even the strongest blows without quavering, and holy, too.  Blessed by the highest priests, these blades were designed just as much for spiritual warfare as they were physical.  It can harm even the malignant spirits, while a normal blade would pass through them.
“I was very tempted to own this blade, but I knew that a blade like that should belong to a warrior, not a bard.  It should be in battle, whether it was against game, moel, man or beast; it deserved to be swung and taste blood.  Something I didn’t believe I could offer it.
“Which is why I was alarmed when I came to the market one day and it was gone.  I inquired as to who bought it and the shopkeeper told me that it was a local man, whom I got along with about as well as I got along with Jordan and his friends.  He was a museum curator, and had bought the sword for his museum.  I understand the sentiment, as I’m sure the blade had a lot to offer in terms of history.  But this blade’s story was not finished, and would not be until it was no longer fit to be in someone’s sheath.  I broke into the museum that night and stole the sword, naming it Helio.  I then made my way back to my hometown, Wyrvn, just west of the capital.  I went out and hunted with my blade every week, so that it could feel battle, something that it probably hadn’t done in years.”
“Very sentimental towards it, aren’t you?” Barnabas inquired.
“I follow strict codes, most of which I invented myself,” Pergory answered, “In order to maintain certain impressions or ideals, action must be taken.  There was one reason that this porrock was forged and shaped into a blade.  To be used in battle.  Therefore, I was not allowing it to sit idly by on a shelf when I could at least offer it its purpose in one way or another.”
“A very good attitude to have,” Barnabas replied, “though I don’t usually condone stealing, even if it is for a cause like that.  What’s done is done, though, and I’m going to be truthful.  That blade is simply fantastic!  Can I examine it closer?”  His excitement at examining a forged piece of porrock greatly outweighed the qualm he had over it being stolen.
“Sure!” Pergory laughed, pulling Helio out of the sheath and handing it to Barnabas.  Barnabas looked it over very carefully, and just like when he had glimpsed it on the ship, he was amazed.  The hilt was a silver or platinum color, and the blade shown almost completely white, which was how Barnabas was able to distinguish it with even the briefest of glances before Pergory dove into the sea.  Words in a language Barnabas had never seen had been carved into its side.
“What is this language?” Barnabas replied, pulling out his monocle for a closer look at it.
“No idea,” Pergory answered, “Something ancient and forgotten.  I went through every story I’d ever heard and almost the entire library in Unslad before I gave up trying to discern what it said.”
Barnabas gazed at it thoughtfully.  As porrock aged, veins could be seen in the metal more clearly; which gave ancient porrock the appearance of marble in that respect.  He could make out the veins in the sword, and started counting them.
“Judging by what I know about porrock,” Barnabas said, “I’d reckon this sword is nearly one thousand years old, give or take!”
“Really?” Pergory seemed shocked at how old his blade was, “How do you know?”
“The veins here,” Barnabas pointed them out, “It’s a quality of forged porrock only.  The forging process for some reason causes these veins to appear over a great length of time.  How many veins there are indicates the age of the metal, since the time it was tempered.”
“One thousand years,” Pergory repeated, “That would mean there is a significant chance that this sword was used during the legendary war!”
“I would be willing to place a bet on that,” Barnabas said, handing the blade back.  “A sword that magnificent was probably made exclusively for use in the war!”
“Amazing,” Pergory said, astounded at finally learning the history of his blade.  He twirled it expertly and then sheathed it.  They talked more about the sword, guessing at its origin.
Barnabas was finding that he greatly enjoyed Pergory’s company.  And he was the answer to Barnabas’ problems in terms of having someone to watch his back.  Pergory seemed to become more enthralled with Barnabas each passing day, and Barnabas suspected that Pergory enjoyed the prospect of a bodyguard should he get into any trouble during the journey.
They traveled two more days before coming to a town.  It was a good sized village just outside the Maelbog called Bootskins.  It was one of the towns that made its profit by venturing into the Maelbog in search of game, herbs, and fruit.  As such, the citizens were a very hard sort.  They were toughened up by the environment of the swamp close to them, and were proud of it.
They entered the town, and Barnabas knew at once that he would find answers here.  There were two Gathnadian soldiers posted nearby, and even if he couldn’t get his answers from them, he knew that there would be someone in this town who would be willing to share some details under the influence of drink.
“I think we might spend the night here,” Barnabas told Pergory.
“We’re of the same mind, it appears,” Pergory replied quietly, “With those soldiers in this town, someone’s bound to know something.”
They made their way into town, gaining suspicious looks from the townsfolk as well as the guards.   The soldiers of Gathnad were almost always dressed for war.  Their armor was blood red and black, to represent the ferocity of their nation.  Their helmets obscured all but their eyes, which were narrowed slightly as they took in the troll walking by.  Standard armament of the Gathnad forces included a short sword, a shield, and a lance.
“I’m not feeling a very warm reception here,” Pergory said, eyeing the people who now seemed to be following them further into town.
“Leave it to me,” Barnabas chuckled.  He stopped in the middle of town square and dropped his satchel on the ground.  Pulling out all the finished wares (minus the saddle, because quaiddan were not common in the area) he laid them out for all to see.
“Ladies and gentlemen!” he boomed to the onlookers.  His voice, normally deep and gravelly, seemed transformed.  It was now crisp and clear, a salesman’s voice.  Pergory looked astounded, but quickly covered his surprise.  “Step right up and see the finest tanning work in all of Ruoth!”  The people all looked at him with surprise, and then a couple of men went forward to take a look at the items on display.
“What’s this made outta?” A man asked, holding up a breast plate.
“Well my good sir,” Barnabas answered in his showman’s voice, “That and everything else here was tanned from quarry devil hides by none other than myself!  Each item on display was tempered and worked for weeks at a time and are incredibly strong!”
“How much?” the man asked, holding the breastplate up to his own chest to see how well it would fit.
“200 sapphire coins apiece,” Barnabas answered, “Very reasonable, I might add, considering that if you buy this breastplate you would never need to buy another one again as long as you live!”
“Leather ain’t more effective than steel,” The man said, dropping the breastplate back on the ground, “And my steel breastplate was 130 sapphire coins.  I’ll give you 100 for it.”
“Maybe regular leather wouldn’t beat steel,” Barnabas wagged a giant finger at the man, “But this quarry devil hide makes steel look like parchment in comparison.  Quarry devils,” he said loud enough for the rest of the now very attendant audience to hear, “Are tremendously strong and durable beasts that can withstand cannon fire from 20 feet without so much as bruising!”
The crowd began muttering to themselves.
“How about a demonstration?” Barnabas asked.  He overlooked the crowd and found a young girl holding a bow.  “Young miss,” he called to her.  She looked around and then pointed at herself, “Yes, you!  Would you care to help me demonstrate my claims?”
She walked forward and stood next to Barnabas.  It was quite clear that she was very frightened of the troll, but didn’t want to seem cowardly.
“Don’t be afraid,” he told her kindly, and then loud enough for the rest of the crowd to hear, he asked her, “Are you a good shot with that bow?”
“The best in town!” she said proudly, obviously not wanting her skills to be questioned.
“Good, good!” Barnabas replied.  He picked up a breastplate and held it over his heart.  He then walked ten paces backwards and called out loud enough to still be heard, “Alright!  I want you to shoot an arrow into the breastplate!”
She looked shocked.  “But what if it goes through?”
“Then you will strike my heart and I will die,” Barnabas replied, “But I wouldn’t worry about that.”
“You’ll flinch out of the way!” A man in the back accused.
“I won’t need to,” Barnabas replied, “Shoot whenever you’re ready,” he said to the girl, “and don’t be afraid to make it fly as fast as you can make it.”
Obviously she was worried about doing exactly that.  She was slightly unsteady as she pulled up the bow; notching an arrow as she did so.  She took a deep breath and calmed her nerve, and then began aiming carefully.  Ten seconds later, she shot the arrow, which flew at magnificent speed, bounced off the direct center of the breastplate, and went flying into the grass.
The crowd cheered as Barnabas walked back to them, “Excellent shot, miss!” he replied, “For helping, I’ll give you one of these, how about?”  He dug into the bag and removed a quiver.  “It’s made from the same material as this breastplate.”  She took it proudly and ran off to show it to a man in the back of the crowd, who was obviously her father.  He looked at it very proudly and gave her a hug.
This seemed to be the clincher for Barnabas.  After showing the crowd that there was not even a scratch in the front of the breastplate where the arrow struck, they were more than willing to pay the price of 200 sapphire coins.  He sold most of his finished products, making his rucksack much lighter and his purse a great deal heavier.
He spent the rest of the day with the townsfolk.  Pergory had taken enough coins to the local inn to reserve a room for the night, but there was still many hours left in the day before the sun would set.  They helped out around the village with odd jobs, and Barnabas helped a man raise the foundation for a new building.  Pergory became very friendly with the children, who were excited to hear his many songs and tales about the ancient world.
Before long the sun was setting.  Barnabas and Pergory had been invited to the pub for a few rounds before going to sleep.
“They want to get some of their coins back,” Pergory commented as he and Barnabas dropped some of their heavier things off at their room in the inn.  Barnabas laughed at this notion.
The bar was a very pleasant old place.  A wall towards the back was decorated with mounted game from inside the swamp.  Barnabas saw multiple swamp hogs, a crocodile, even a marsh feline; the swamp equivalent of a mountain lion.  It had little fur that was disgustingly matted down by the grime and mud.
They sat down at the bar and waited for the bartender to notice them.  Pergory was glancing around the room with a smile on his face.  The look seemed to be almost reminiscent to Barnabas.
“You seem happy,” he commented to Pergory.  Pergory was still glancing around at the room’s décor when he replied.
“It’s this place,” Pergory replied, “These people, while gruff and strong and hard headed even, are very hospitable and kind.  I’m making a mental picture of this place so I can describe it later on as one of my new favorite pubs.”  Barnabas laughed, and the bartender finally noticed them.
He was an aged man, probably around seventy years old.  His hair was thick and white and stood up all over his head.  His frail frame and thin arms seemed at odds with the large tray of glasses and bottles that he was carrying.  His eyes rested first on Barnabas.
“What can I git ya?” He asked.
“Vodka,” Barnabas replied, “if you have it.  And a plate of olives.  A very large glass if you will.”
“Aye,” the bartender replied.  He turned to Pergory and said, “And for you…” but he stopped as he took in Pergory’s appearance.  His eyes grew wide and quickly darted all over Pergory’s face.
“Mellion Passun?” he asked Pergory.  Barnabas looked confused for a moment wondering if the old bartender was senile or not.  Pergory however looked shocked.
“I’m sorry,” he replied, “But what did you call me?”
“Mellion!  Mellion Passun!” the bartender repeated, “Mellion, it’s me!  Harry Zinford!  Don’t you remember me, Mellion?”
“I’m sorry,” Pergory said, his voice cracking slightly, “You must have me mistaken for someone else.”  The bartender stared at him for a bit, and then seemed to sag a bit with the realization.
“Oh…” he said, slightly depressed, “Well of course you couldn’t be Mellion…far too young.  You look mighty like him, though,” he added, staring at Pergory’s face again.  “Deities damn me, if I didn’t know better I’d say you were his brother, but at your age you’d at least have to be his grandson.”
“Who are you talking about?” Pergory asked.
“Well, I used to live in Gunther City,” Harry said, “Back when I was around twenty years or just a bit older.  I was learning how to bartend at the Wooden Crest down there.  There was a man named Mellion Passun who frequented the bar many nights.  Quite a drunk, he was.  He would go in alone and leave with one of the women most every night.  Got his self a bad reputation as a lecher, but he was a good man ‘e was.  Always giving me advice on how to talk to women.”
“Pergory that sounds a little bit like you, wouldn’t you say?” Barnabas asked, looking between Pergory and Harry.  Pergory seemed to be at a loss for words.  He told Harry the story of his childhood.
“An orphan, you was?” Harry asked, “Why I’m willing to bet my one good eye that you’re Mellion’s grandson.  You look exactly like him, heck you even talk like him.”
“Do you know where he is?” Pergory asked.
“No one’s seen him in years,” Harry replied, “One day he just up and left.  If he had a kid, I reckon he probably didn’t even know about it.  Judging by what you’ve told me, I am greatly inclined to believe you’re related to that old badger in one way or another.  You look like ‘im, act like ‘im…it’s downright uncanny!”
Pergory sat in silence for a while.  He then turned to the bartender and said, “Do you have any Meyser Whiskey?”
“I do.  I’ll fetch it and be right back and I can tell you stories about ol’ Mellion.”  He walked off.
“So what do you reckon?” Barnabas asked Pergory once they were alone.
“It’s a bit much to take in,” Pergory replied, “And exciting.  This Mellion character does sound like he could easily be my grandfather, even if he didn’t look like me.  But to be completely honest with you,” he looked very seriously at Barnabas when he said, “I’m not going to find out.  I am very happy with the life I now have and the parents who raised me.  I don’t need to justify my existence by seeking out my blood relatives.”
“Aye,” Barnabas said, pulling out his pipe and filling it with tobacco as he did, “A wise choice, I think.  That’s not to say that someday you won’t meet you’re your birth parents, but to seek them and build expectations may cause you pain when you finally do.”
Pergory seemed relieved as he replied, “Thank you, Barnabas.”  Shortly later Harry returned with the drinks, and told them a few stories about Mellion Passun, each story making it more and more apparent that Pergory was, in some way, related to the man.  Pergory seemed slightly uncomfortable talking about it, however, and Barnabas decided to change the subject.
“So if you don’t mind me asking,” Barnabas asked Harry, “We came in through Roger’s Skull and I couldn’t help but notice that there weren’t many troops guarding the port.  Why would that be?”
Harry looked around quickly and then jerked his head, a motion that Barnabas and Pergory understood to mean, “Follow me,” he led them to a back room that was nearly soundproof to the din in the bar behind it.  There was a man sitting in a chair, smoking a pipe and reading a book.
“Larson!” Harry barked.  The man jumped up and whipped around.
“Sir?” Larson replied.
“I need you to watch the bar for a moment while I chat with these gentlemen,” Harry instructed.
“Oh!” Larson said, looking startled at the troll who had just been referred to as a gentleman, “Sure thing boss!”  He bounded out of the room and shut the door behind him.  Harry walked over to it and locked it shut.
“I’m seventy-three years old next week,” Harry told Barnabas as they all took chairs, “In all my years I have learned how to read peoples’ faces and words pretty well.  You didn’t come to this continent to sell leatherwork.  You came here to spy on the Emperor, didn’t you?”
“I’m not sure spy is the correct word to use,” Barnabas replied, “I am merely gathering information as to why the Emperor plans to conquest Ruoth and Ugbae.”
“So you know the big secret do ya?” Harry asked.  “Kinda surprising, really.  The Empire’s doing a good job about keeping the plans hushed up.”
“You don’t seem too agree with these plans,” Pergory noted, “I can tell just by the way you talk about them.”
“You’re right,” Harry said, “I don’t.  We’re a peaceful world, for the most part, each continent and race benefiting from each other equally.  The three nations may not always agree with each other, but we’ve developed a certain balance since the legendary war.  Sunrath wishes to dismantle that balance.”
“Why, though?” Barnabas asked, “What goal does he hope to reach through this conquest?”  Harry shrugged his shoulders.
“That’s the only secret I can’t seem to get anyone drunk enough to spill the beans on,” Harry replied.  “More than likely, though, it’s just his foolish pride.  I’m not sure if you know this, but ever since Gathnad the Fierce, every emperor to rule this land was chosen by the previous emperor before their death.  In fact, it’s one of the first things an emperor does upon entering the position.  They choose someone just as ruthless as they are.  If no such person exists, then they make someone as ruthless as they are, and then grant him the title of heir designate.  In other words, every single emperor of Gathnad is just as terrible as Gathnad himself was.”
“I knew that,” Barnabas said, “So you think that Sunrath is just conquering then?  He just wants to rule the whole world of men?”
“That would be my guess,” Harry answered.
“What of his allies?” Pergory asked.
“None that I know of,” Harry said, “Just the men of Gathnad for now.  I know he went looking for the elves, but from what the soldiers in town have let slip while drunk, I’m fairly positive he couldn’t find them.”
“I didn’t think he would,” Pergory said
“To be honest, he may not need them,” Harry leaned over the table that separated them and said very quietly, “Everything I have heard about the empire’s plan so far points to the fact that they have developed some kind of technology, some forgotten machinations of the elves remade and improved on by gnomes.  Terrible war machines that could easily slip the tide of the coming war to their favor.”
“What?” Barnabas asked, “Why would the gnomes do such a thing for him?  They’ve never allied with any group of men before now.  They can work together, but if it came to war they have made it clear that they would not choose sides.  What could have changed their minds?”
“Cold steel and bitter cruelty changed their minds,” Harry answered darkly, “The Empire has enslaved the gnomes of this continent, forcing them to work towards the coming war effort.”
“WHAT!?” Barnabas thundered, slamming his fist on the table and splitting it lengthwise.  “How dare that spawn of a mountain snake do something so horrible?”
“I have no idea,” Harry answered sadly, “The emperor has never been kind to the other races on this continent, especially the moel.  But he has always been at least tolerant and accepting of the gnomes.  What could have changed his attitude towards them is beyond my comprehension.”
“This weapon they are designing,” Pergory cut in, “What do you know of it.”
“Nothing aside from that fact it exists,” Harry answered.  “It’s hard to get any information from these louts about it.  Any time the subject gets brought up, the soldier who does so gets his face beaten in by his comrades.  Understand this,” he added, “These soldiers have been conditioned since enrollment to agree with the Empire’s wishes no matter what those wishes may be.  There isn’t a single man who wears the armor of a Gathnadian soldier who is not excited about the coming war.  Be very careful who else you talk to on your journey.”
“Aye, we will,” Barnabas said gruffly.  He was still red faced with anger from learning about the gnomes’ enslavement.
“What about the moel?” Pergory asked.  “What has the Empire done about them?”
“He has given them two options,” Harry said, “They can join him or die.  They tried resisting, but were brutally defeated.  Most tribes have relocated to the eastern continent in the Moeller Mountains.”
“That’s on par with what I had heard,” Barnabas told him about Prob Vagchuck’s story.
“The emperor tried to force them into slavery, like the gnomes,” Harry said in reply to this, “But the moel are much too proud for that, and do not fear things like torture and murder the way the gnomes do.  They were not able to manipulate the moel to their wishes.”
“Small comfort,” Pergory said.
“We need to get proof of all this,” Barnabas said.  “Theories won’t be good enough.  We need to go to Gunther City and witness the enslavement of the gnomes, and with any luck, whatever weapon they’re building there.”
“If we could free the gnomes,” Pergory remarked, “They could provide their own accounts.”
“Indeed,” Harry replied, “But don’t get ahead of yourselves.  The gnomes will be guarded heavily.  I suspect that freeing them won’t be an option…you may have settle with witnessing it yourself.”
“We will at least try to free them,” Barnabas said sternly.  He was thinking about Janet and her family, sitting at home right now not knowing that their own kind was currently being forced to build weapons that could destroy them and their homes.
“Do what you must, but don’t get your hopes up is all that I’m saying,” Harry said.  There was a knock at the door, and Harry jumped up and hurried to it.  He opened it, and the two Gathnadian troops stationed in the town barged in uninvited.
“Bartender,” one of them said, “You may want to come out and clean up the mess that your employee made.”
“Larson?” Harry asked.  He exited the room, and Barnabas and Pergory got up and followed the guards out of the room.  The bar was empty now, and ominously quiet.  Tables had been upturned, a stool was hanging off the tusks of a mounted swamp hog, where it had obviously been thrown.  Lying in the middle of the floor was Larson, blood pooling out of his mouth, and clearly dead.
“Larson!” Harry cried, running over to the young man.  He flipped Larson over onto his back and stared.  There was blood spilled all over the man’s shirt.  Removing the shirt, they could see deep cuts along his chest.  “What happened!?” Harry exclaimed, turning to the soldiers.
“There was an argument,” One soldier said, his voice slightly muffled through the helmet.  This did not obscure the coldness of it, though.  “You see, your young friend here did not show members of the Gathnadian army the respect they deserve.  Thought it would be wise to charge us twenty ruby coins a drink.”
“We reminded him who we were, but he refused to change his mind,” The other man said, just as cruelly.  “So we educated him and everyone else here, as to what happens when the proper respect is not shown to the law.”  Barnabas realized that he, Harry, and Pergory had not heard this fight due to how well that thick door blocked out the sound in the room they were talking in, and felt slightly sick.
“A drink in this bar is twenty ruby coins, no matter who you are!” Harry said indignantly, “We’d go out of business if we gave drinks away to scum like you!  Holding that sword and wearing that armor does not make you better than…” before he could say anything else, one of the soldiers brought his sword out and plunged it deep into Harry’s chest.  Harry gave a shout of pain and surprise, and then fell down, sliding off the sword and on top of Larson as he did so.  The soldier leaned down and began cleaning his blade on a part of Harry’s shirt that was not yet covered in blood.
“Do you two have any complaints as to the justice that was brought down on these men?” The other soldier asked, turning to Barnabas, “We would not wish to…” he stopped because he only then fully noticed the two people he had been ignoring up until this point.  Pergory was shaking madly, staring with an unfathomable look at the body of Harry, his right hand resting on the hilt of his sword.  Barnabas’ eyes had turned coal black, no whites or reds, no visible pupils, just black.  If the two soldiers had known anything about trolls, they would have known to run.  A troll’s eyes only turn black when he or she becomes angry enough to go on a rampage.
From Barnabas’ point of view, things were becoming slightly hazy.  This was not the first time he had been assaulted by his natural troll impulses.  A normal troll had a natural attraction to shiny objects and other treasures.  If someone threatened to steal or harm that treasure, the troll would rampage and destroy that person instinctually.  For Barnabas, the truth was a treasure.  Knowledge and understanding were his equivilant to gold and jewels.  Whenever something came between him and learning a truth, he often had to fight that instinctual urge to utterly destroy that thing.  Fighting this very madness now, he looked down at Pergory who returned his glance, the terrifying look on the man’s face spoke of an irreversible rage.  Pergory jerked his head towards the soldiers, and that was all Barnabas needed to let go and allow himself a good rampage like he hadn’t had in many years.
“Chet,” the soldier who had spoken to them called to the other, “Looks like we’re going to have trouble.”  The other man finished wiping his blade and stood up, facing them.  Barnabas roared, and stepped forward quickly, surprising the nearest guard.  Not even bothering to get his flail out, Barnabas picked up the guard by the man’s sword arm and started running towards the end of the bar.  The guard, terrified, began screaming and slashing at Barnabas.  Between Barnabas was holding him at such an angle, the guard swinging with his bad arm, and the troll’s naturally thick skin; the sword was not even drawing blood.  As they approached the wall, Barnabas used his momentum and great strength and threw the guard as hard as he could.  The guard hit the wall, smashing the soldier’s armor, and breaking the wall to splinters.  Mounted game heads and the crumpled soldier went flying into the cold night along with half of the wall.
Barnabas turned and faced the remaining soldier.  He started for him, his mind clearing itself as he ran the distance back across the room, and he noticed there was no need for him to assault this other foe.  Pergory had drawn his remarkable blade and was practically toying with the man.  The soldier was fiercely slashing and jabbing, but Pergory was effortlessly parrying the blows again and again.  And he seemed to be enjoying himself immensely.
“This is the remarkable Gathnadian force that I’m supposed to be so respectful of?” he taunted the soldier after jumping out of the way of a strong slash.  “This is the force that you killed two men for not respecting?”
“Ha!” the soldier replied aggressively, his voice was cocky and he seemed to think he had the upper hand.  “You can’t even lay a blow!  You’re too busy dodging, and you can’t do that fore…ugh!”  Pergory’s strike was so swift that Barnabas barely saw it enter, just under the shoulder pad where the armor parted.  The soldier didn’t see it happen.  He had a look of immense surprise on his face as Pergory twisted his blade, worsening the wound considerably, and then withdrawing it.
The door opened and the citizens of the town came in as the guard dropped to the floor, death claiming him.  Barnabas heard footsteps from behind and saw people filling the hole he had made in the wall.  They were all carrying weapons:  pitchforks, harvesting scythes, anything that they could find.  Pergory and Barnabas moved back to back, warily watching the crowd.
“We mean you no harm,” Barnabas told them, “We were merely avenging the death of these two,” he indicated Harry’s and Larson’s bodies on the ground.
“We understand,” called a voice.  The man who had been questioning Barnabas’ armor price came forward, the new breastplate on his chest.  “As soon as the soldiers killed Larson, Jim here ran out and gathered us all to throw those vicious, ‘lawmen,’ out of town.  We didn’t know you were still in the bar, nor did we expect you to defend this town the way you did.  We thank you.”  They all lowered their weapons and applauded.
Pergory looked at Barnabas and shrugged.  “Least we could do,” he said.
“You will need to leave immediately,” the man continued.
“Well that’s a nice way to say thank you,” Pergory said indignantly.
“No, you don’t understand,” the man continued, “We will need to hide these bodies in the marsh, where they won’t be found.  And we need to do it quickly.  The Empire sends a rotating guard service, and there will be two new guards to replace them by morning.  We can easily cover your tracks; we’ll tell them the guards wandered stupidly into the Maelbog and were not heard from since.  But if the new guards get a glimpse of you, they won’t hesitate to blame you outsiders for the disappearance.”
“Let’s go,” Barnabas told Pergory, “He’s right, we don’t want to get caught now that we are actually getting close to Gunther City.”
“Agreed,” Pergory replied.  They made their way back to the inn and packed their belongings up.  Upon leaving the town, they were greeted by the girl who had shot the arrow at Barnabas chest plate.  She seemed very embarrassed, yet determined.
“I…I just wanted to…” she stammered, looking down at the ground, “I-just-wanted-to-give-you-this!” she quickly said, turning beet red.  She shoved a flower into Pergory’s hand and ran back into the village, giggling as she did so.  Pergory looked dumbstruck at the flower in his hand, and then at Barnabas, who was shaking with laughter.
“I might just come back to this town in a couple of years,” he said, putting the flower in his turban as they headed southwest towards Gathnad.

Chapter 5
Royal Welcome


“I’m still rather upset we didn’t think to ask for our money back for that room we didn’t even get to stay in,” Pergory complained for what must have been the sixteenth time.  Barnabas was simply dumbfounded.  He couldn’t be sure about it, but he thought that if he were in Pergory’s shoes he would be a lot more serious about their previous situation, possibly frightened even.  Most other bards that Barnabas had met were not what he would have called the fighting type.  At the very least, Barnabas thought, Pergory should feel some sort displeasure at having killed a man.  But if he did, he didn’t show it.
Barnabas himself felt uneasy about his actions in the bar.  He believed that the man that he had killed deserved what he got, but worried because in a moment of weakness Barnabas submitted to impulses that he had denying for years.  He did not enjoy that aspect about being a troll.  Anger was something that he had to keep a very tight lid on.  He was not ashamed of being a troll.  He was ashamed of being feared as one.
“Have you killed a man before, Pergory?” Barnabas asked as he tended the fire.  It was almost a week after they left Bootskins in the dead of the night.  They had circled around Gunther city and headed south into the Berricks Forest, which was merely an hour’s walk from the city.  It was an ideal place to camp out for privacy during their coming mission.
“Twice,” Pergory replied, “Both when I was much younger.  A thief broke into my mother’s pottery shop to steal a vase she had procured from him earlier that day.  He was a deceptive man; he would sell it, steal it, resell it, steal it again and repeat that process.  Apparently he had made quite a fortune from it.  In any case, when he tried to steal it from my mother, she caught him in the act and confronted him.  He turned his sword on her, but didn’t see or hear me enter the room behind him.  I didn’t mean to kill him,” his eyes dropped in pain at the memory, “But I was also worried for her safety.  I struck him in the head with a hammer.
“The only other time I killed someone was over this sword.  We had known each other for many years, and when I got the sword in my possession, she was angry and demanded that I give it to her, claiming that I did not deserve it.  I defeated her in a long duel, but she had not lost without giving me a serious injury as well.  She slashed my leg, damaging the area behind my knee.  I have had a limp ever since.  Ironically, I didn’t kill her.  It was her father, who had stepped between us to stop our quarrel, who met my blade.  I…I couldn’t stop my swing in time, he just came out of nowhere.”  He paused as he recalled the obviously painful memory.
“I do not have a qualm with killing a man,” he answered Barnabas’ unasked question, “If he truly deserves it.  I have been called a lecher, but never have I hurt a woman through acts of debauchery.  My escapades have only ever been with the consent of the women that I have met, I would never force myself on one.  I deeply despise anyone who would be cowardly enough to attack a woman for no good reason.  If you had not intervened in the bar back in Bolst, there is a good chance I would have killed Jordan for attacking that poor girl in an effort to get me arrested.”
“That is how I feel about killing a man as well,” Barnabas replied, “Though most times I will still stop myself from doing so.  I may be more intelligent than other trolls, but I still have the instincts of one.  Sometimes it can be very hard to control my anger.  What transpired in Bootskins is a perfect example.  The only reason that I allowed myself to kill that man was because I figured you were going to attempt it anyway…and I didn’t like the chances you fighting two on one.”
“I noticed your eyes,” Pergory said with a slight tremor in his voice, “Absolutely terrifying.  If I had been at the wrong end of your stare in that bar, I wouldn’t have waited around for death like those fools did.”
“It is something that I have tried to rid myself of since I started living in Eoru,” Barnabas said.  
They said nothing for a while, just staring at the fire.  After a time, Barnabas looked up from the flames, “I suppose we should discuss how we’re going to do this?”
“Sure,” Pergory replied, propping himself up and taking a sip from his flask.
“Here’s the plan I’ve come up with,” Barnabas said, “We need to get into Gunther Castle, but we must remain inconspicuous.  That would mean that I can’t do it.  I would need you to go into the castle and snoop for me.  We’ll need to take a few days to scout the castle, find the best ways in and out, as well as find where the gnomes and their weapon are being held.  I would suppose the dungeons would be a safe bet.”
“So while I spend the next few days snooping, what will you do?”  Pergory asked.
“Distracting attention away from you,” Barnabas replied, “The market place in Gunther City is located more or less directly in front of the castle.  I’ll set up shop there, and draw as much attention to myself as possible.  That’ll be day one, and hopefully I will become a big enough celebrity that I can keep their attention for however long we need.  I’m giving you free reign as to how you handle your subterfuge, considering you’ll be the one in the most danger.
“We can’t really plan the actual attack until we know more information about the goings on in the castle, so our departure will remain a mystery for now.  We will need to gather as much information as possible so we can discover if it would be possible to get the gnomes out as well as, if there is any luck in this world, their weapon too.  If we could remove the weapon or destroy it, we would be in a good position.”
“Yeah,” Pergory replied, “But like you said, let’s not get ahead of ourselves.”
“Indeed,” Barnabas said, taking a long drag out of his pipe.  As he did so, he was struck with a brilliant idea to get the peoples’ attention that he would need in order for Pergory to sneak into the castle undetected.  He went deeper into the woods and started gathering as much lumber as he could.
The next day Barnabas made his way to the capitol site.  Pergory had left earlier than the troll, and Barnabas had not seen him since the night previous.  They had not discussed what Pergory was going to do for his part in the mission because Barnabas knew the empire had powerful magicians.  It was a factor that he had not had to worry about until this point, because most magicians only lived in large towns where they had access to libraries and teachers.  Undoubtedly the empire had within their ranks mages, called channelers, who could pick truths out of the minds of their foes; a very difficult branch of magic, but necessary for rooting out spies and traitors.  He knew that Ruoth had a few, and had actually met the channellers of Ugbae.  They had attempted to probe his mind, but trolls have a natural resistance to such magic.  A good magician, or a team of them, however could pick certain things out of his mind with considerable effort on their part, and Barnabas did not want to risk exposing Pergory in the possibility of being captured, or vice versa.
Barnabas knew that he would have to draw as much attention to himself as possible to give Pergory a better chance to analyze the situation in the castle, so he had come up with a clever scheme.  He set up his, “shop,” in the center of town, directly in front of the castle.  The ground he claimed was a long and narrow patch of land.  He had created (over night, after he had been inspired by the idea) a gauntlet.  Using the tools available to him, he had carved from the trees of the forest a makeshift obstacle course:  with logs swinging, a log roll that had to be surpassed and balanced on, and other activities.  He had to go without sleep in order to finish it before morning, but it was worth it.  Already, while he was setting up his very crude gauntlet, he was gaining a vast crowd.  He had counted on it.  The people of Gathnad were, for the most part, very abrasive people.  They loved adventure and thrills.  They lived for battles and glory.  A gauntlet that most militaries used to train their troops was a play area for children in Gathnad.  After he had it assembled, he turned to the curious crowd.
“Ladies and gentlemen!” he boomed out in his showman’s voice, “From the farthest reaches of Ruoth I have arrived here today to show you something so incredible that mere words cannot describe it!”  He pulled out one of his quarry devil breast plates.  “What I hold in my hand is a breast plate of such incredible strength that it could withstand a sword thrust, an axe swing, or any arrow shot at it!”  The crowd seemed to split half and half with this statement.  There were many who looked on impressed at the armor, while others seemed to look skeptically at it.  “Tanned from the hide of quarry devils, this armor can withstand cannon fire without being damaged, folks, and it could be yours for a mere two hundred sapphire coins!
“But that’s not all!” he continued, pulling out of his sack quivers, and even the ornately designed saddle, “I also have these exquisite, and durable quivers!  Large enough to hold thirty arrows while still being practical enough to carry for long hunts without tiring you out!  And a saddle designed for the quaiddan riders out there.  Durable, rain proof, and comfortable!”
“Ain’t no leather armor worth 200 sapphire pieces,” A soldier said, his voice slightly muffled by his helmet.
“A volunteer, perhaps?” Barnabas walked over to the end of his gauntlet and tied the breast plate to a lonely post he had set up twenty feet from the log roll.  He then grabbed one of the last remaining three breastplates that he had and handed it to the man.
“What am I supposed to do?” the soldier asked.
“Simple,” Barnabas explained loud enough for everyone to hear, “All you need to do is put this breastplate on, and make your way through my gauntlet, here,” he pointed at the swinging logs and the log roll.  “Other volunteers will man the course, swinging the logs and spinning the last log, and upon completing it, you simply must shoot an arrow into the breastplate on the pole.  If you can make an arrow stick, I’ll remove fifty coins from the price.”
The man seemed eager to comply, not because he was thinking about purchasing the armor; but because, as Barnabas had hoped, it was a great opportunity to prove his mettle.  Barnabas barely had to point at other people to convince them to man the obstacles.  Soon he had a person swinging every log and a particularly burly man spinning the log roll at a tremendous speed.
“Why do I have to wear your armor for this?” the soldier asked, removing his black and red breastplate and putting the quarry devil one on.
“So you can tell the crowd here how well it compared upon finishing the gauntlet!” Barnabas said merrily.  He stole a glance at the castle, wondering how Pergory was faring, but didn’t linger on it, worrying that he would seem suspicious.
By now the crowd outside was fairly enormous.  There were a great number of troops, as well as magicians and common town folk.  After the first soldier had gone through and failed to make an arrow stick into the armor, there were many other people who wanted a shot at it.  It was turning into a festival, in many aspects.  Magicians were soon assigned (by Barnabas) to help make the obstacles more difficult.  Shooting bursts of fire between the swinging logs and putting a small coating of ice on the spinning log, making it much more difficult to keep your balance.  Local businesses were setting up small shops alongside the gauntlet selling baked goods, arrows to use for the last obstacle, and there was even a large betting pool set up, where wagers were being placed on the contestants.  Barnabas was very surprised and honored when the Highest Priest of the Church of the Deities himself came forth for a turn at the gauntlet.
At one point, while Barnabas was helping a young man into the breastplate for a turn in the obstacles, the entire crowd seemed to silence as one.  The sudden silence seemed almost louder than the previous din, and Barnabas turned to see what the sudden quiet was about, and felt as though he had been rammed in the gut by a rhino.
Emperor Sunrath was walking towards him.  In all of his previous trips to Gathnad Barnabas had never met the emperor before, but there was simply no mistaking the man for anyone else.  He was wearing the stateliest of garments, colored black and red.  Atop his head was a crown befitting of royalty most supreme.  His hair, pitch black with a hint of gray at the roots, was slicked back and tied in a short ponytail.  The look on his face was that of scrutiny, his thick eyebrows furrowed in a frown that pronounced the wrinkles in his face greatly.  Behind him walked a vast number of soldiers, in pitch black armor and red capes that Barnabas knew to be of the most elite of the Gathnadian forces.  Oddly, to the Emperor’s immediate left was a jester.  The fool had a belled hat on, as well as a comical outfit of many colors, most prominently green, purple, and gold.  He wore a mask over his face that was split down the middle.  Down the right side was a smiling face; down the left was a sad frown.  His actual face was indiscernible behind the odd mask.
The crowd had, as one, sunk to their knees upon the emperor’s arrival, and Barnabas followed suit.  He felt immensely worried, and did not want it to show on his face.  He had prepared himself for the possibility that he would be confronted by the elite guard, but not by the emperor himself.  He hoped beyond hope that the emperor would not be wary enough to see through his distraction efforts, as the emperor stopped and stood directly in front of him.
“Rise,” Emperor Sunrath commanded loudly.  It was a command that was issued to everyone, and they all obeyed immediately.  Barnabas looked directly down into the Emperor’s face, their eyes scrutinizing each other for a moment.  The jester cocked his head as he looked at Barnabas, and then pulled out three balls and began juggling for the benefit of a small child nearby.  The child started laughing, and hearing the laughter, the Emperor smiled slightly and turned to the obstacle course.
“I wish to attempt the gauntlet,” he said curtly.  Barnabas looked at him for a moment in slight shock, and then hastened to fetch the breastplate for the emperor.  Handing it to a member of the royal guard (knowing that they would not permit Barnabas to touch the emperor himself), Emperor Sunrath was soon walking up to the first obstacle.
Barnabas had thought, for a moment, that the citizens manning the obstacles would go easier on the emperor.  He had been mistaken.  Gathnad was nation of warriors, he recalled as he watched the Emperor deftly navigating the swinging logs and the fire balls that were assaulting him.  As a country of such proud military heritage, their leader would naturally have to be the bravest, strongest, and most ruthless of them all.  Barnabas thought that he was seeing a glimpse of that ferocity.  The emperor was easily the best contestant so far.  The crowd cheered as he navigated the first obstacle with apparent ease, and then climbed atop the log roll.
“More ice!” he called out, and the mage quickly cast his spell, covering the bare spots on the log with ice and making the entire log a slick and dangerous bridge.  The big man who was spinning the log became red in the face as he actively tried to make his emperor fall off; but no matter how much he turned, or even when he suddenly stopped turning and spun it the reverse direction, he could not spill the emperor off.  The emperor soon jumped off the end and took the bow.  Taking almost no time to aim, he shot an arrow; but only here was he bested.  The arrow bounced off the breastplate, and went flying off at an angle.  The emperor turned and walked back towards Barnabas amid the cheers of his subjects, raising his hand in appreciation of their applause.
“I will purchase a breastplate, a quiver, and the saddle,” he told Barnabas, pulling out his purse.
“I couldn’t take money from you,” Barnabas said hastily, bowing as he did so “It would be an honor to give you these as a gift.”
“I insist,” Sunrath handed him the coins, “Fine craftsmanship such as this deserves to be paid for.  When you are finished here, perhaps you would join me for dinner in my castle?”
“It would be my honor,” Barnabas answered, bowing low again.
“Good,” the Emperor replied curtly, pulling out his pocket watch and looked at it.  “Do you own a timepiece?”
“I do,” Barnabas answered.
“Good, we shall dine at nine and thirty,” Emperor Sunrath said, “Good day to you.”  With that, he turned and headed back towards the castle.  The remaining crowd now held Barnabas in the most prestigious of regards, and was more than willing to pay the amount requested.  If their ruler had not gotten one, then they certainly couldn’t say that they were worthy of getting a discount.  Despite this good turn of events for his sales, Barnabas was remotely terrified.
He had most definitely not planned for being invited into the castle.  And he didn’t have a clue as to what to say during the dinner.  He had dined with royalty before, being friendly with the current King Ruothnek, but he had never dined with someone whom he had been secretly plotting against.  The only thing that was to his advantage was the simple fact that Emperor Sunrath had no reason to suspect Barnabas of plotting against Gathnad.  But if the Emperor had channelers probe his mind, he could be in a very tight spot.
Not to mention that Pergory was definitely going to be worried.  The one thing consistent with both of their plans was that they would need to spend a few days working out how they were going to accomplish their goal, and Barnabas would have to distance himself from the bard while they were actually in the town.  If Pergory was still in the castle, crossed Barnabas’ path, and gave the slightest hint of recognition; then there was a chance he would be discovered and interrogated.  If they didn’t cross paths, then Pergory would become worried and suspicious when Barnabas didn’t return to the forest on time, and would possibly come to a needless rescue.
It did not take long for Barnabas to finish selling his leather work after the Emperor had made his purchases, and upon selling the last item he dismissed the crowd hastily.  It was currently eight and fifteen, and he wished to bathe before presenting himself at the emperor’s dinner table.  An innkeeper who was present and had heard the emperor’s dinner proposal allowed Barnabas to retreat to his inn, where he was allowed to take a quick bath and store his belongings.  Putting on the most formal clothing he had brought with him, Barnabas quickly made his way back to the castle.
The castle was enormous.  Barnabas had known that from seeing it many times during his many trips to this city prior to this.  He had never been inside it, though, and now that he was, he thought that it seemed even bigger from the inside.  The main hall was decorated with banners, black to the left and red to the right.  A chandelier that could have acted as a balcony due to its size, hung from the ceiling, glistening like the moon.  There were extravagant paintings along the wall of the main hall, each depicting a different man.  He was too far away to be sure, but he thought that they were of the previous emperors of Gathnad.
Two members of the elite guard came down the hall and greeted him, almost immediately after he walked into the door.
“His majesty is waiting for you in the dining hall,” one of them said.  “Follow us, please.”  Barnabas did so, a million different things running through his mind at once.  Had the emperor seen through his diversion tactic?  Had he discovered Pergory lurking about the castle?  Did he suspect Barnabas to be a spy?  The one question that kept returning to the forefront of his thoughts, though was, “How do I get out of this?”
The guards led him down the hall.  Barnabas had just enough forethought to notice that his assumptions about the paintings were correct.  Each one depicted a previous emperor of Gathnad, in chronological order from whence they ruled.  One thing consistent in all of the paintings, however, was the very fierce, cold glare that each emperor wore.  It was the same look that Sunrath had given Barnabas a few short hours ago.
They reached the dining hall, and opened the doors.  Barnabas stepped in and saw the largest table he had ever seen.  At the head was the emperor, now dressed in velvet evening attire, maroon in color.  He had removed his crown, making the color of his hair stand out considerably.  Looking up at Barnabas’ entrance he waved his hand, motioning Barnabas to come and sit next to him.  Barnabas did so, taking the seat to the right of the emperor.  He did so because the emperor had the foresight to put a much bigger chair there than anywhere else around the table.  Behind the Emperor, the Jester from earlier was standing by the window, watching Barnabas through his mask.  It was slightly unnerving, and Barnabas was starting wish he could see behind the mask.
“So before dinner begins,” the emperor said, holding out his hand, “Let us allow ourselves introductions.  My name is Emperor Galaid Sunrath, as you might have guessed by this time.”
Barnabas took his hand carefully and shook it.  “Barnabas the cave troll,” he replied.
“No surname?” Sunrath asked, looking at him inquisitively.
“None,” Barnabas replied, “Though with my kind it is very distinctive to have a first name.”  He was hoping that, through small talk, he could learn more about what the emperor might have known about Barnabas (if anything) through body language.
“I know,” the emperor said, “I have gotten many letters from my good friend, King Ruothenak, telling me that trolls are mindless beasts, and that they are always causing him a deal of trouble by attacking his miners and traders.  All pretenses aside, that’s actually why I have asked you to dine with me tonight.  It is clear that you are not…mindless.”
“No,” Barnabas said, chuckling despite his predicament, “I am fairly unique in that aspect.”  It was still too early to tell, or get his hopes up, but he began to silently pray to the deities that all Emperor Sunrath wanted from him was to learn his origins.
“Well how does a troll become the way you are, then?” the emperor asked.  The food had arrived by this point and was being laid out in front of them.  A very wide selection was being catered onto the table:  many different kinds of beefs, poultry, fruits, and vegetables most of which Barnabas could identify.  It was a feast that could easily feed a whole hall.  “I wasn’t sure what a troll liked to eat, so I had the chefs prepare a wider selection than usual.” Sunrath said with a shrug of his shoulders.
“The sentiment is very much appreciated,” Barnabas assured him; “In regards to the way I am…” he went into his history for what seemed the umpteenth time since leaving Eoru.  The emperor said nothing while Barnabas told his tale, contenting himself to eat quietly and listen carefully.  Barnabas finished, and helped himself to a turkey leg.
“Fascinating,” the emperor commented after Barnabas had finished, “So you are truly, as they call it, a freak of nature?  No offense meant, of course, I just have trouble with finding a different way to describe your…unique life.”
“That’s as good a way to put it as any,” Barnabas answered.  He had long since mastered the art of acting relaxed even though he was anxious, and hoped that he was doing a good enough job of it now.
“So now that I know a little more about you,” Sunrath said quietly between mouthfuls of beef, “Why don’t we discuss what you’re doing in Gathnad?”
Making sure that his answer did not sound rehearsed, nor that it left his tongue too fast, Barnabas replied, “I come to Gathnad every once in a while to sell my wares.  I am also fascinated with such things as history.  I haven’t been down this way in more than a year’s time, so I thought I might make a trip:  visit old companions of mine, sell some hides, and then be back to Ruoth before the planting months.”
“You’ve been to Gathnad often, you say?” Sunrath asked, “Strange, I’ve been emperor for twenty years now and I’ve never heard of a troll wandering the land in all that time.”
Chuckling, Barnabas replied, “Well I would assume that’s because most people in this part of the world don’t know how a troll normally behaves, and therefore mistake my behavior with that of normal trolls.  To the majority of those who meet me, whether here or in Ugbae, I’m not quite as enigmatic as I am to people like your majesty, who understand the true nature of normal trolls.”
The emperor studied the troll’s face for a moment, and then gave a small smile.  “I suppose you are correct.  It is a wise assumption as well.  So then, what news do you bring from the north?  How do the noble lands of Ruoth fare?”
Barnabas was reminded of himself and Theodore Marquie, back in the Crescent Eagle in Eoru.  He began telling the emperor about the effects of the recent drought and other minor and trivial details about his homeland.  The emperor listened carefully, and Barnabas realized that he was allowing Sunrath to determine how strong Ruoth was.  He was, inadvertently, helping the emperor determine how hard it would be to conquer Ruoth.  This theory was confirmed when the emperor, very subtly, asked about Ruoth’s military forces.  Barnabas was in a horrifying situation.  He didn’t want to betray his home, but if he did not answer truthfully then he might possibly have alerted the emperor’s suspicions, and could be thrown in Gathnad‘s dungeons as a conspirator.  It would actually give Gathnad a justifiable excuse to go to war if they suspected espionage from Ruoth.
“I have long since told old Ruothenak that he doesn’t put enough emphasis in his forces,” Sunrath said contentedly.  If Barnabas didn’t know the reason behind the contentedness in the voice, he would have assumed the emperor was just overly proud of his own military.  “Of course, as was proved during the legendary war, numbers and strength can and will beat out fancy magic and technologies.”
“So then,” Barnabas decided to change the subject if he could, not wishing to handicap his home anymore than he might have already, “How fares your thriving continent?  I have only been here a week, and the people seem very content as of late!”
“My last statement regarding technology being noted,” Sunrath said, and much more pleasantly than his previous demeanor.  Barnabas felt it was safe to assume that he had played his part well.  The emperor did not suspect him of foul play, and having learned certain possible weaknesses in the nation he was planning war against, began to be much warmer in disposition, “we have made great strides towards understanding more of, and improving on designs left by the elves in their ancient cities.  My predecessors did not see the importance of messing around with what they thought to be, ‘elvish trickery,’ but I have become convinced that there is much we can learn and benefit from their forgotten designs.”
“Really?” Barnabas asked, “I have never seen anything elven in my life, besides a porrock headdress in a shop somewhere in Ugbae…but I have always been intrigued by their lost culture.  As I told you before, I am very interested in histories and the like.  What kind of designs are you working with?”
“Oh just little common things to help the common man.  Things like a one man flying device.  It’s something our most brilliant minds have been trying to recreate for the last few months.  They’ve nearly got it, the last man who attempted to fly in it ran out of ore about thirty feet in the air.  My researchers tell me that if they can master it, we can increase the postal system’s efficiency by over three hundred percent.”  
The emperor went on like this for a while, telling Barnabas about a horseless carriage he was overlooking the development of himself.  “Small enough to fit two, side-by-side in the smallest street in town…but hardy and strong enough to pull large granite blocks.  We’ve erected many strong buildings quickly with their help.”  Barnabas did not fail to notice that nothing the emperor mentioned was of any military value.  At least not in the way he explained it.  But Barnabas was no fool, and thought of many different military applications for every device the emperor had listed.
Before long, both Barnabas and Sunrath had eaten their fill.  The emperor, while still not entirely friendly, was certainly not as cold to Barnabas anymore.
“Well this has been an illuminating meal!” he said, pushing away his plate and standing.  Servers came into the room and gathered the plates and leftover food and rushed them to what Barnabas supposed was the kitchen.  Sunrath extended his hand, and Barnabas shook it, “I want to reiterate that I am impressed with your craftwork,” he said, “I have never seen quarry devil hide tanned with such intricacy.  Perhaps someday you could serve as teacher to my tanners?”  Barnabas realized with this question that the emperor was probably planning to enlist him once Ruoth had been conquered.
“Maybe someday,” Barnabas replied.  “I have one favor to ask of you, before I go.”
“Don’t hesitate,” the emperor replied, sweeping his arms out in a welcoming gesture, “My house is yours.”
“May I spend some time in your library before my departure?” Barnabas asked.  “I will not hide my anxiousness to learn more about the elves, especially if that knowledge would come from actual sources and not rumors and stories.”
“Of course, of course,” the emperor said, “The library is up on the third floor…you know…I think I’ll just have someone show you the way.  Wash!” he called.  One of the elite guards stepped forward and saluted.  “Please escort my new friend here to the library, would you?”  The soldier named Wash saluted again, and opened the door, indicating Barnabas to follow.  Barnabas turned to leave, and only just noticed the emperor addressing the jester, who had not so much as moved during the entire dinner.
“I think that I shall retire now, Finn,” the emperor told the fool.  “Come with me.”  They left the room through a door on the opposite end.  Barnabas followed Wash out into the main hall.
As they walked, Barnabas was suddenly assaulted again by the extremity of his situation.  He was now a, “friend,” of the emperor he was secretly plotting against.  Despite the emperor’s use of the word, however, he knew that Sunrath would not hesitate in the slightest to kill the troll if even the smallest hint of his true purpose was revealed.  His hopes for rescuing the gnomes were dashed, because it would not take the emperor long to guess who liberated them.  Even if he managed to free the gnomes and get them out of the city, they would still have more than a two week journey to reach a port to take them across the ocean back to the safety of Ruoth, and undoubtedly they would be hunted along the way.  He was also questioning the whereabouts of Pergory at this point, since it was long past the time that they were supposed to have rendezvoused back in the forest.  If Pergory had suspected Barnabas getting into trouble, he would more than likely try to come to the troll’s aid, in which case Barnabas thought he would very likely get caught.  If the emperor had one of his channelers probe Pergory’s mind, it would not take long for the channeler to discover both his and Barnabas’ true intentions and their mission would be a failure.
As such, his terror was paramount as he allowed himself to be lead to the library, an act he had not done out of a desire to learn more about the elves, but as an effort to seem as though he was not trying to escape from the emperor or the castle.  After an hour or so in the library, he hoped to leave and make his way to the forest.  His brain was practically smoking as he tried to work out what they could possibly do beyond that point.
They climbed two flights of stairs, and started down the hall in the reverse direction.  The third floor was decorated with more paintings, these of prominent figures in Gathnad’s history, such as General Gunther (who despite his status as the greatest Gathnadian of all was not actually a ruler of the continent, his son being the first).  The library was located behind the furthest room in the hall.  Wash opened the door for him, and Barnabas started walking in.  He was halfway inside, and had just enough time to marvel at the vast collection of scrolls and books before he felt Wash give him an alarmingly strong push.  Stumbling further into the room, Barnabas whirled around to see Wash quickly closing the door behind them and locking it.  Barnabas thought for a moment that maybe the emperor had suspected more than he had led on about Barnabas’ true intentions, and prepared himself for a fight.  After locking the door, Wash turned to Barnabas.
“So is this a change of plans then?” A familiar voice, slightly muffled through the faceplate of the helmet, asked Barnabas.

Chapter 6
The Gnome Engineer


So shocked was Barnabas at hearing that voice come from behind the helmet that he nearly yelled in surprise.  Catching himself just in time, he said in a much lower voice, “Pergory?  Is that you?”
Lifting his faceplate up, and revealing his face, Pergory nearly laughed as he replied, “You should really see the look on your face right now.  A memory I will treasure and keep with me forever.”
“What…what are you doing?!” Barnabas exclaimed softly, “How did you get that armor?”
“A long story,” Pergory replied, walking past Barnabas deeper into the library.  Barnabas followed.  “Much like the one you have that involves you enjoying a pleasant dinner with the emperor of Gathnad.  I suggest, though, that we save the revelations for when we are no longer in the belly of the beast.  Instead, we should focus on getting out of said belly.”
“Good idea,” Barnabas said, still following him deeper into the library.  They had made their way past shelves and shelves of books, and the end of the library was getting closer.  “Our cover, while not entirely blown, has been compromised significantly.”
“I figured,” Pergory replied, “I’m not a betting man myself, but I’d say the odds are good that the emperor would quickly connect the disappearance of his slaves to your abrupt appearance in town, and subsequently quick disappearance.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Barnabas replied again.  “I think the most we could hope for in our current situation would be to see first hand the gnomes’ enslavement…and the weapons they are building.”
“Barnabas, Barnabas, Barnabas,” Pergory admonished him like a child, “Do you think I’ve merely been playing dress up for the last few hours?”
“You’ve found the gnomes?” Barnabas inquired, as they turned left after reaching the end of the wall and began heading down an aisle of books towards the corner of the room.
“Better than that,” Pergory replied, “I would consider it a substantial compromise to our situation.”
“I’m not sure that I appreciate all of this secrecy at this given moment,” Barnabas said, slightly annoyed.
“Well, let’s just say that your little diversion worked better than you hoped,” Pergory said.
“You have no idea,” Barnabas replied with a hint of bitterness.
“What I meant was I pretty much had the whole place to myself after people started leaving to see your little show.  I…persuaded a few people to tell me some secrets.”  They had reached the far corner of the room, and Pergory was perusing a selection of books.  He didn’t see what he wanted on the bottom shelves, so he started reading the titles on the spines of those above his head.  “Aha!” he replied, “There it is!  Barnabas, would you care to get that book for me?  The one titled, ‘The Forces That Be?’”
Barnabas scanned the spines until he found the book Pergory was talking about.  Wondering what could be hidden within the tome that would be of any help to them at this point, he grabbed it and pulled it out of the shelf.  Only it didn’t detach.  Instead, it seemed to get stuck halfway out.  At the same moment of getting stuck, the floor gave way beneath them, a trap door.
As Barnabas felt himself start to fall, all the breath in his lungs seemed to evaporate and he felt oddly light in the chest as he plummeted into darkness.  It was the only thing that prevented him from crying out in shock.  They dropped down a fair ways before the chute evened out and spit them onto a damp stone floor.  There was dim light coming from lanterns on the wall, which only just revealed caged doors.  Barnabas had trouble sitting and catching his breath at the same time, and looked over at Pergory, who had gracefully landed on his feet.  He had obviously known what was going to happen when the book was pulled.
“I…would…appreciate it…”Barnabas said through deep breaths, “if…you would…warn me…next time.”
“Sorry,” Pergory replied, “But I have to admit I wanted to see that look on your face one more time, at least.”  He helped Barnabas to his feet and they began walking.
“How did you know about that tunnel?” Barnabas asked as the adrenaline started slowing its way through his system.
“The gentleman who lent me his armor informed me of it,” Pergory answered.  “I’ll tell you in greater detail later, we need to keep moving.”
“This is the dungeon,” Barnabas commented, looking around himself and taking in the room.  “What’s going on, are you planning on moving the gnomes out now?”
“Sort of,” Pergory answered, “I can explain in greater detail in a moment.”
They continued walking, until they had reached the furthest level of the dungeon.  There were many cells here, and Barnabas could just make out figures in the cells.  As they approached, one of the figures moved into the dim light, and Barnabas saw that it was an old male gnome.
“The reason for boilers?” the gnome asked them.
“To induce the high temperatures to turn water into steam,” Pergory replied, raising his faceplate again.  “Our little password,” he explained to Barnabas.  Seeing Pergory’s face, the gnome smiled and said, to another gnome who had moved into the light, “See, I told you he’d be back.  Welcome back, Feng.  This must be the friend you had mentioned earlier.  Slightly bigger than we expected…and a little earlier too.  What’s the meaning of that?”
“Not much time to explain…but we’ve had a change of plans,” Pergory replied.  Barnabas was completely in the dark as to what was going on.  Why was no one guarding the gnomes?  How did Pergory accomplish so much in such a short time?
“What change is that?” the gnome asked.
“Simply that we are enacting it now, rather than in two days,” Pergory replied, “You need to choose, and quickly, who is coming with us.”
“Right,” the gnome replied, and went back into the darkness of the cell, where Barnabas heard many other gnomes start arguing with him over who should be allowed to leave.
“What’s going on, Pergory,” Barnabas asked.
“Well Jaken, the gnome who I just spoke with, and I figured it would be impossible to liberate all of the gnomes,” Pergory said, staring into the dark cell.  The cells beside it were also full of gnomes, who were yelling loud enough to be heard by Jaken and the gnomes in his cell.  Barnabas was becoming afraid that they would raise an alarm.  “So we came up with a good enough compromise.  We can liberate one gnome, who could provide us with our witness.  The empire doesn’t have them counted,” Pergory said, indicating the gnomes and then his voice took a note of menace as he added, “And more of the older ones die every day, due to over working.  If we were to escape with a gnome that the empire hasn’t deemed important, we could get out of here without ever having raised an alarm, and still have the proof we need to show the people of Ruoth and Ugbae.”
“What about the weapon?” Barnabas asked, “Have you seen it?”
“No, but whoever we take with us will have,” Pergory replied, “And can give us details after we get out of the capitol.”
“Speaking of, how exactly do you plan to do that?” Barnabas inquired.  The plan was sounding better and better, but not perfect yet.
“Same way you came in,” Pergory replied, “With me as your escort, through the front door.”
“And the fact that a gnome is following me won’t arouse suspicion?” Barnabas asked.
“Not if he’s hiding,” Pergory replied, indicating a cart nearby with what Barnabas realized to be holding the leftovers from his meal with the emperor.  The cart was made to haul garbage, and had a domed lid that could hold the filth, while hiding the stench.  The dome was just large enough that a gnome could have fit inside it without too much trouble.  “I escort you out through the front door, empty handed.  The guard who owns this armor, meaning myself, is supposed to be guarding the gnomes for the next two hours or more.  You go get that big old sack of yours, and meet me round back.  It’s the guard’s job to haul the scraps out through the back entrance to the castle once the gnomes are finished with the leftovers.  You meet me back there, shove him in the sack and then head back to the forest and wait for me.  And don’t worry; I’m not going to get caught.”
“Not a perfect plan…but I think the best we’re going to get given the current situation.” Barnabas commented.
“Especially considering I just made it up after escorting you to the library, eh?” Pergory inquired.  He then turned and addressed the gnomes, “Did you hear that, Jaken?”
“I was listening, yes,” the aged gnome called from the darkness.
“Alright, then,” Pergory said, “I’m going to take Barnabas back to the library.  We’re going to sit tight for about an hour, do some reading to make it look as convincing as possible.  Then I’m going to get him out of here.  I’ll come back down and take whoever’s getting out of this dump in the cart.  You’ll need to have chosen by then.”
“We will,” Jaken said, “You should hurry, though.”
“We will,” Barnabas replied.  They made their way back to the tunnel, which Barnabas noticed now that he could think clearly, was cleverly hidden in the rock.  If he hadn’t known it was there, he would never have seen it, even if he walked by it a hundred times.  Inside was a rope that Barnabas only barely recalled feeling a couple times on the way down.
“Are you a good climber?” Pergory asked.
“These arms aren’t just for throwing men through walls, you know,” Barnabas assured him, and started his ascent back to the library.  Pergory seemed to be climbing well for someone who was constricted and weighed down by steel armor, and Barnabas resolved to ask him later how he managed such feats of strength.
Reaching the trap door, Barnabas pulled it open slightly and peered into the library.  Everything was as quiet and still as they had left it.  Motioning to Pergory that it was safe, he climbed carefully out of the trap door into the library.  Pergory soon followed suit, and closed the trap door silently behind him.  Barnabas glanced at it and noticed how it looked identical to the rest of the floor.  Like the tunnel in the wall of the dungeon, if he had not known it was there he would have never been able to find it without accidentally stumbling on the book.
“All right,” he said, “I’m going to start looking through some of these books.  Stand by the door at attention in case someone comes in.”   Pergory pulled the faceplate back down, obscuring his face, and headed back towards the door.  Barnabas followed for a while, and then stopped and began perusing the books.  Finding one titled, “Hystory of the Elves and the Greatest of Wars,” he sat down at a table and began reading by candlelight.  Pulling his monocle out of his pocket, he soon (despite the current situation) found himself enthralled by the secrets of the elves that had been long been hidden from the rest of the world.
One thing that he found to be most interesting was mention of the elf soldier who had negotiated the treaty ending the legendary war.  It mentioned him to be a male named Havan Couris.  The book, which was obviously written by men judging by the way it depicted the elves as evil maniacal beings, described him as an outsider to his people.  He was young, only three hundred years old, and therefore deemed out of line when he questioned his leaders’ choice to eliminate the race of men.  He turned on his kin, threatening them with the very weapon they were planning to use against mankind unless they (the elves) agreed to a truce with mankind.  As such, he was ostracized by his peers.  The rank of general, as well as being put in charge of negotiations, were punishments and humilities rather than honors; something that Barnabas had been led to believe his whole life through many of the other stories he had heard.
Lost in the history of the elf, who Barnabas felt great sympathy for (being an outsider of his own species), he was surprised when he felt Pergory’s hand on his shoulder.
“Time to go,” Pergory said through the faceplate.  Barnabas stowed the book in his oversized pocket, where it would not be noticed.  He felt slight shame at stealing the book, but did not worry too much about it because he was stealing from a man that was planning the conquest of the world.  He also believed that the more he knew about the elves and their technology, the better the chances the rest of the world would have against Gathnad using it against them.  But most of all, his thirst for knowledge had overcome him.
They made their way out into the hall, down the flights of stairs, and started towards the door.  Barnabas was just beginning to think that their plan might actually be fool proof when, ironically, the jester stepped out into the main hall and stopped in front of them, facing them.
They stared at each other for a moment, Pergory had the sense to remain stoic and professional as a soldier should.  Barnabas peered into the eyeholes of the strange mask the jester wore, but could not see the face behind it.  The jester’s head cocked slightly, studying Barnabas, and then he pulled out his fiddle that had been swung across his back, and started playing a song that would have been merry if it had not been echoing around an otherwise silent hall.  He started skipping away, down the hall, and turned into a room on the farthest right.
“His sleeping chambers,” Pergory muttered to Barnabas as they continued onward for the door.
Once outside, Barnabas felt as though a giant weight had been lifted from off his shoulders.  Their very makeshift plan was going off without a hitch, and he was having trouble believing it.
“Quickly now!” Pergory whispered so that no one else could hear.  “Get your bloody sack and be back here as soon as possible.  I am going to waste no time, and neither should you!”  He turned around and went back inside, shutting the door behind him.
Barnabas walked to the end of the street and turned left.  Once he was hidden behind a row of buildings, out of sight from the possibly watching Gathnadian guards, he took off at a sprint for the inn.  It was about a ten minute journey at his fastest pace.  The innkeeper didn’t question Barnabas’ attitude, and quickly gathered his belongings.  Shoving everything into his bag, he dropped fifteen sapphire coins on the counter, thanked the innkeeper, and sprinted back.  He took a different route back to the castle, knowing that he didn’t want to be seen returning, as well as needing to go around to the back of the castle.
He suddenly found himself caught in the first hiccup in the plan.  Pergory had told Barnabas to be at the back door.  He did not mention which back door.  There were roughly twenty of them, and they were far enough apart from each other that he couldn’t keep an eye on them all at once, as well as remain hidden.  He went to the midpoint, where there was a large stack of barrels that provided enough cover for him to remain unseen, and hoped that he would notice which door Pergory exited from.
He waited almost half an hour before he heard a door open to his left.  He turned quickly and saw a guard pushing a garbage cart.  Just as he was about to expose himself, however, he realized that it wasn’t a member of the elite guard, which was the armor Pergory was wearing.  Sure enough, the guard lifted the dome lid off, revealing no gnome, but a mountain of table scraps instead.  Finishing his work, the guard wheeled the cart around and went back inside.  Thanking the deities that he had enough sense to not reveal himself, Barnabas was relieved to know which door to watch.
He didn’t have to wait much longer before Pergory himself actually appeared.  Barnabas was sure that it was him this time, not because he was wearing the elite armor, but because he was whistling the song he was writing about Barnabas.  And Barnabas very much doubted anyone in the castle knew the melody besides Pergory.  He snuck out from behind the barrels.
“Quickly,” Pergory said behind the mask, “Before anyone sees.”
Barnabas held up the sack as Pergory opened the lid.  It was such a smooth maneuver that Barnabas himself didn’t see the gnome transfer from the cart to the rucksack.  But the weight of the gnome, plus the movement of him trying to get comfortable, was enough to let Barnabas know that they had succeeded.
“All right,” Pergory said, grinning.  “I’ve got to return this cart and change back into my clothes.  I’ll be fine; you just get to the forest and wait for me.  We’ll travel all night and get as far away from here as possible.”
“Good luck,” Barnabas said gravely as Pergory turned the cart around and headed back inside.  He felt the gnome moving around in the bag and said, “Quit moving, little one, or you’ll give us away.”  The gnome became still at once.  “You’re going to want to brace yourself; this is going to get a little bumpy.  Try to keep my clothing under you so that my tools don’t bruise you up too badly, and watch out for my flail.”  With that, he took off at a sprint for the edge of town.
A little more than an hour later Barnabas was back in the forest.  He gently eased the sack to the ground and opened it, and the gnome crawled out.  Barnabas was slightly surprised to see that it was a she.  She had long, light brown hair, which matched her eyes.  She looked very young; her nose looked similar to a button and was upturned, giving her a very childlike appearance.  Barnabas estimated that she was only just above three feet tall, and it was obvious that she was underfed; the rags she was wearing fit loosely on her frame and her face was slightly gaunt.  Moving past his surprise, Barnabas addressed her well being.
“Are you alright?” he asked her kindly.
“Sore,” she replied quietly, her voice was soft, but hoarse from malnourishment.  “That was a bumpy ride.”
“I’m sorry about that,” he replied, as he started glancing around to check that they weren’t followed.  Something, he realized, he probably should have done before he let the gnome out of the bag.
“Its fine,” she said, with a hint of glee in her voice, “A bumpy ride is not much to complain about now that I’m free.”
“Good attitude to have,” Barnabas commented, still checking for intruders.  Finally convinced that they were alone, he turned back to her to find her halfway buried in his sack again, digging around.
“What are you doing?” he inquired.
“I could smell bread in there,” she replied, “I need some food…I’m starving!”
“Didn’t you eat any of the leftovers?” Barnabas asked her.
“There is never enough to go around,” she replied from inside the bag, and as it sounded, with a mouth full of bread, “And considering I was going to be the one set free and have a chance to get more food later on, I passed up on the opportunity.”
“Very thoughtful of you,” Barnabas replied.  “Answer me this, however, why were you chosen to be the witness?”
“The emperor and his troops are just smart enough to understand the value of the gnomes,” she replied while pulling herself out of the sack.  “They knew we would be the best minds to sort out the technology of the elves.  But he thinks that we are like his own race, and that we do not allow females to mess with the affairs of working and development.  I am one of the smartest minds in my colony, and as a woman it will ensure that the empire will not notice my absence.  They will assume that I have died, if they even realize that I have gone missing.”
“Clever,” Barnabas admitted.  They sat in silence for a while, the only sounds being the ambient calls of nature from deeper in the forest and her hungry chewing.
“My name is Clair Collo,” she said, after swallowing a large mouthful.
“Barnabas,” he replied, shaking her tiny hand.
“I suppose you wish to question me about what we were being forced to do in the castle?” she asked him.
“In time,” Barnabas said.  “I would like Pergory to be here when we get around to it.”
“What if he doesn’t come back?” she asked, and he heard the fear in her voice.  “What if he was…captured?”
“He won’t be,” Barnabas replied.  It wasn’t a hopeful wish.  He was sure that Pergory would have no problem escaping the castle and making his way back to the forest.  In fact, he was starting to think that there was more to the bard than Pergory would allow one to believe.  Much more.
It was the near impossible escape that drew Barnabas to this conclusion.  Pergory was too well informed for their escape to have been lucky.  He wanted to hear Pergory’s story before he jumped to any conclusions, but he thought it was safe to say that Pergory had been in Gunther Castle before this night.
He still trusted Pergory.  Possibly more at this moment than he had trusted anyone he had ever met.  If Pergory’s intention was to cause Barnabas trouble, then he surely could have done that in the castle.  Whatever the secret that Pergory was hiding, Barnabas thought, it was personal, and would not get in the way of their plans.  But he did feel a certain right to know what it was, and he knew without a doubt that Pergory was more than just a bard.
Clair finished her bread.  “So what was your part in all of this?” she asked, “Pergory mentioned he had a helper…I guess I didn’t think his helper would be an enormous, gray skinned monster-man.”
“I’m a troll,” Barnabas informed her, “A native species of Ruoth.  I’m a strange troll, something I can explain to you at a later date.  As for my part in your rescue, that’s something I’ll share when Pergory arrives as well.”
“Well can we talk about anything?” She asked with slight indignation.
Barnabas chuckled.  “Soon you will find it hard to keep me quiet, Clair,” he said with some amusement.  “For now, however, it would be wise if we stayed silent.  If someone has been following us, or at least has been trying to do so, it would not take them long to find us while we exchange pleasantries as loudly as we have been.”
She clamped a hand to her mouth, “Oh! Of course, I’m sorry!” she apologized hastily, “I’m just so excited to be free and…”  Barnabas cut her off by covering her face with his hand.  She struggled for a moment, and then stopped cold as she heard, too, the sound of footsteps nearby.
Barnabas was looking warily, and finally discovered which direction the footsteps were coming from.  He saw the figure moving towards them, still far enough away that he couldn’t make out who it was.  Grabbing Clair around the waist with one hand, he gently shoved her back into the bag and shushed her.  Setting the bag behind him (so that it was mostly out of sight) he began whistling the melody of the song Pergory had written for him.  The figure started whistling the lute part of the song, and Barnabas knew it to be Pergory then, and allowed Clair to come back out of the bag.
“So, are you two getting along famously yet?” Pergory asked as he stepped into the little clearing that they had set up camp in.  He was dressed in his normal clothes again, though Barnabas noticed that he was wearing a scarf around his neck.  As he looked closer, he noticed that it was ripped from the cape of the armor he had been wearing.  “Brought a souvenir with me,” he said, tugging on it. 
“Let’s move,” Barnabas told him, “We can talk on the way.”
“And leave this place?” Pergory asked sarcastically, “But I never got a chance to see the famous Church of the Deities!”
They gathered up their belongings in record time and took off down the trail.  Clair was sitting on top of Barnabas’ shoulders as they ran.  There was no way that she was going to be able to keep up with them, especially in her weakened condition; and Barnabas didn’t want to hurt her by making her ride in the bag.
They were outside the forest, and had begun circling the city.  They were sprinting now, both the troll and the man prepared for the longest run they had ever engaged in.  There was a silent consent between them that they should run at least until dawn, which would be a safe enough distance to slow down their progress.  As such, their desire to know each other’s stories was put on hold so that they could focus entirely on where they were going, as well as breathing steadily enough to continue the run without interruption.  Barnabas knew that he would be able to manage it, and Pergory had surprised him enough over the last few weeks to make him believe that the man could do it as well.
By the time dawn had arrived Gunther City was no longer even a speck on the horizon.  They were still at least four days away from the Maelbog, however, and that meant nothing but open field for the next three days.  If they were being hunted, then they would have been very easy prey to apprehend.  But at this point Pergory had seemed to reach his limit.  They stopped, and sat catching their breath.  Clair began stretching out, her predicament much different than Barnabas’ or Pergory’s.  She had just sat and bounced on a set of enormous shoulders for the past six hours and was very stiff and sore.
After they had sat for a while, and their breathing had returned to normal, Pergory turned to Barnabas and asked him, “So how in the foggiest marshes of hell did you end up the guest of honor at the emperor’s dinner table?”  Clair stopped stretching her legs and looked back and forth between them.
Barnabas told them about the gauntlet he devised, and how it turned out to be a bigger show than he had anticipated.  How the emperor had noticed the commotion and had joined the festivities and navigated the obstacle course himself.  And how the emperor had bought a great deal of his leatherwork, and then invited him into the castle.  He mentioned the fear he felt at sitting with the emperor during dinner trying very hard to not reveal through word or action his true intentions.
“And I’d pretty much given up hope on rescuing the gnomes, when all of a sudden I was pushed into the library by crazy drunken bard in a military uniform,” he finished.  “I would very much like to know how he got into the uniform in the first place.”
“How eloquently put,” Pergory replied, pulling out his flask and taking a drink.  He offered it to Clair, who took a large gulp, gagged at the dry burning of the moel ale, and started spitting it out. “Yeah, you need to take smaller sips,” Pergory laughed, “Your first time drinking moel ale?”
“No,” she said hoarsely, taking Barnabas’ flask of water and taking a long drink.  Clearing her throat, she said much more clearly, “It is the first time I’ve drank it thinking it was water and nobody bothered to warn me as to what it really was, though.”  Pergory chuckled.
“Well, Barnabas,” he started into his story, “I woke up a great deal earlier before you returned from making your gauntlet because I thought about the obvious fact that the emperor probably had a set of channelers.  And if either of us got into any trouble we wouldn’t want to be getting the other into it, right?  So I took off without telling you what I was up to.  I surveyed the castle for about an hour, and that’s when I heard a commotion.  From a distance, I saw you running that gauntlet of yours and about then, nearly all of the guards conveniently left their posts.  I managed to sneak in at that point.
“I stuck to the dimly lit areas, keeping out of sight, but I knew that I needed a disguise; preferably one that hid my face, so that I wouldn’t have to worry about running into someone who didn’t recognize me as a person who belonged in that uniform.  About that time, one of those elite guards walked directly past me.  I hit him with the butt of my sword, right through the opening in his face plate.  Hardly made a sound and I managed to knock him out cold.  I drug him back into a bedroom and swapped clothes with him.  I started interrogating him then, with his back facing me, so that he couldn’t see my face.  I got him to spill the beans on an easy way to get into the dungeons, which was the only logical place I could think of to keep all the gnomes.  He confirmed not only the trap door, but the fact that he was on guard duty in the next few hours, which meant that by wearing his armor and assuming his identity, I now had a justifiable excuse to make contact with the gnomes.”
Barnabas interrupted him, “But this guard, there’s no way he won’t tell the emperor what he knows about you now…unless…unless you killed him.”
“I didn’t,” Theodore replied, “I smacked him on the head again to knock him out.  I smacked him a little too hard.  He didn’t remember me upon waking up, and at this point I was wearing his armor.  He couldn’t see my face, and therefore discern my identity.  I knocked him out again, this time making sure of it.  I tied him up, gagged him and tossed him under the bed.
“It was then that I ran into my first problem.  I was almost discovered.  The room I had ducked into was that jester’s,” Clair shivered at the mention of the fool, and Barnabas and Pergory both stopped and looked at her.
“He’s a cruel, horrible man…I’ll tell you after you finish,” she said in answer to their looks.
“Right…well anyway it was that jester’s sleeping chamber.  That’s how I knew where he had gone when he confronted us upon our departure.  He asked me what I was doing in there, and I told him that I was just doing a routine check.  That satisfied him, I guess because he started singing a stupid song and pulled out his rubber balls and started juggling.  I made my way to the dungeons, and finally met the gnomes.
“I revealed my identity to them, and told them our plans.  It took a bit of work to convince them of the truth, but I got there in the end.  We quickly devised the plan with the waste bins, but we figured we wouldn’t be able to enact it for a few days.  About the time we came to that conclusion, I was summoned by a regular guard to be part of the emperor’s escort as he went out to inspect a commotion outside the castle.  Not wanting to get caught, I followed him out and was greatly surprised to see the little circus you had going right in front of the castle.  When you said you were going to draw up a distraction, you weren’t kidding.  You didn’t know it, but you handed me the breastplate, and it was I who put it on the emperor.”
“That was you?” Barnabas exclaimed.  “I would never have guessed it!”
“Aye,” Pergory said, “Well I was worried that our plans had been compromised when the emperor had seen you.  I didn’t hear the emperor invite you in for dinner, due to the cheers of the crowd, which is how you managed to surprise me with your appearance in the dining hall.  I followed Sunrath back inside, and resumed my, ‘post,’ in the dungeon.  After a while, I was once again summoned, this time to greet the emperor’s guest and watch over his royal majesty’s dinner.  I inquired as to why that was necessary, and the guard merely mentioned there was a possibility the guest was dangerous.  I had an inkling as to who the guest was at that point, and my suspicions were confirmed as I invited you into the castle and led you to the dining hall.
“From the door, I overlooked and overheard your conversation with the emperor.  You’re a remarkable actor.  If I hadn’t known any better I’d have thought you’d forgotten everything about the emperor’s war plans and were simply enjoying a nice dinner with a new friend.  Good work, by the way.  When the emperor told me to escort you to the library, I knew that we had an excellent chance to enact the gnomes’ and my plan immediately, rather than in a few days.  We were very lucky to have such strange misfortunes befall us that led to about the best outcome we could have hoped for.”
“I agree,” Barnabas replied.  “It went over very smoothly considering everything that was happening very far outside the realm of being, ‘according to plan.’”
“There’s one thing I couldn’t help but notice you overlooked, though,” Pergory said, with a grin on his face.
“Oh?” Barnabas inquired, “What’s that?”
“Remember when you were eating, and the emperor inquired as to your intelligence?”
“Of course,” Barnabas replied.
“Well,” Pergory said, his grin splitting his face even more, “The ruthless emperor showed fear of you in that moment.  He feared that, possibly, King Ruothenak had tamed the trolls and could use them in the coming war.  At least he feared it until you informed him otherwise.”
“I guess I didn’t think of that at the time,” Barnabas said, thinking back on the emperor’s curiosity to the matter.  “But that does make sense.  I guess it was part of the reason he was so much more hospitable to me afterwards.  I no longer represented a possible threat to him.”
“I wouldn’t celebrate yet,” Clair said.  The both looked inquisitively at her again, and she seemed to become flustered as she said, “There’s a good chance Jester Finn has noticed by now.  The man tied up under his bed, I mean.  There’s a good chance the emperor is going to realize who did that to him.”
“What do you know about the jester?” Barnabas asked, “You said he was a cruel man.  What exactly were his cruelties?”
“He’s a mage,” Clair said, “Always tormenting us, he was.  When he wasn’t entertaining the emperor he would come down and torture us with his flames.  I received these,” she hiked up her rag skirt and indicated a harsh burn on her thigh, “from his sorcery.  He delighted in it.  He was very deranged.  He wanted to see just how much we could take before we snapped.  The emperor, just as cruel as Jester Finn, allowed him to do it as long as he didn’t harm the men.  Like I told you,” she addressed Barnabas, “they valued us for our skills…and he didn’t think the women had any skills that were worthwhile.”
“Monstrous,” Barnabas said, a look of disgust souring his face, “Absolutely monstrous.”
“I wish I would have known that,” Pergory said, “I could have killed that little demon very easily in his room.”
“That would have been bad,” Barnabas said seriously, causing both Clair and Pergory to look at him with astonishment.  “Not that he didn’t deserve it,” he continued, “But because he seemed to be very close to the emperor.  I’m not familiar with the relationships between rulers and their fools, but I’d wager a guess that they are normally not very friendly.  Sunrath had that jester with him wherever he went.  Considering that Jester Finn is a powerful mage, I’d guess that he acts as a bodyguard of sorts.”
“Well,” Pergory said, getting to his feet, “enough speculating for now, we’re wasting valuable, ‘get the hell out of here,’ time.”  Barnabas and Clair laughed, and prepared to get back on track.  Scooping her up and placing her on his shoulders again, they took off.  The revelation that they may not have gotten away as cleanly as they had hoped made them realize the importance of keeping up their fast pace.
“When we reach the Maelbog we can take it easier,” Barnabas said between strides, and therefore breaths.  “We can cut through the swampland and cut our time in half, as well as keep the empire off our tail!”
“Cut through the Maelbog?!” Clair screamed in his ear, “Are you mad?!  Do you know what lives in there?”
“Of course I do,” Barnabas replied, “I’ve explored it a few times many years ago.”  He heard her mumbling, and though he couldn’t make out what she was saying he knew she didn’t agree with his plan.
They traveled until nightfall, when once again Pergory seemed to be at his limit.  Barnabas too was feeling the strain of their long running and was considering taking a few hours’ nap.  Before he could suggest this to Pergory, however, Pergory sat next to Clair and asked her, “While we rest, perhaps you could give us some details about the weapon your colony is being forced to build.”  Barnabas was too interested in learning this vital piece of information to suggest sleeping before he had heard it, and contented himself to lie on his stomach with his head resting on his arms as he listened.
“You might be a little disappointed with it,” she replied, “I was a little dumbfounded when the emperor told us what our new project was.  I was living in a little town south of the Berricks Forest when the soldiers came for us.  They told us that the emperor needed our expertise in a matter of science.  We were forced to move ourselves and our families to the capitol city.  We thought that we were going to be given lodgings there somewhere while we helped the emperor with his problem.  We were greatly mistaken.  Treated lower than his slaves, lower even than his pets, we were forced to start analyzing designs left over by the elves in one of their forgotten cities.”
“Designs for what?” Barnabas asked.
“Ships,” she answered.  She paused to take a drink out of the water flask, giving Barnabas and Pergory time to digest what she had told them.
“Ships?” Barnabas asked her, “That’s the empire’s secret weapon?  A navy?”
“Mind you,” she replied, setting the jug down and wiping her mouth, “Not just any ships.  With these designs the empire will easily have the greatest navy the world has ever seen.  The designs were pretty advanced before we gnomes got a hold of them.  But after we added things like steam engines, more advanced weaponry…well they became near perfect.  It would take at least four leviathans to even rock one of these boats…supposing they lived long enough to bypass the weaponry onboard.”
“What kind of weapons?” Barnabas asked.
“Rapid firing cannons,” she answered, “We designed a funnel and chute system onto a brass monkey that feeds the cannonballs into the cannon at a fast rate.  One of these cannons can fire twelve balls in half a minute.”
“How is that possible?” Pergory asked curiously.
“It requires a blaze mage to provide the explosion,” she answered, “A very simple solution that I can’t believe no one’s thought of before.  The empire has about thirty of them, not counting the jester, which gives them at least one for every ship.”
“Wait,” Barnabas cut in here, “You say that you’re developing these in the capitol city?  Ships?  How does the emperor plan to get them into the Goryyun Sea?”
“That was the question we gnomes were all asking each other,” Clair replied, “I understand that it’s more secretive to build the ships on the mainland.  My only guess is that he’ll use his automatic haulers.”
“Auto-what now?” Pergory asked, confused.
“Automatic haulers,” she said, “Carriages of a sort that are powered by steam and ore.  They are very powerful and can tow a great deal of mass behind them.  I suppose that if you got enough of them pulling at the same time you could pull even the largest of the ships across the plains to the sea.  We changed the ships designs cosmetically to be much flatter on the bottom.  They would have no problem whatsoever balancing on land.  I suppose that’s why, so they can be hauled to the sea.”
“That makes sense,” Barnabas said, though something about it still bothered him, “Well let’s suppose that the empire does manage to get these contraptions into the water…what then?  An advanced navy won’t guarantee him victory.  Even if the ships are as advanced as you say they are.  Something just doesn’t seem right about it.  From what everyone’s told me about the empire’s war plans and the weapons they were building, it seemed that they had a much more foolproof plan than that.  Something much more…unstoppable.  Perhaps the navy is only part of it.  I know he has been building one man flying contraptions…”
“Yeah, he did mention that during your dinner, didn’t he?” Pergory interrupted, “He mentioned those auto-hauler whatcha-call-ems as well.”
“Exactly,” Barnabas said, grinning slightly, “Well, Clair?  Would the boats be able to carry those automatic haulers across the sea?  I bet the empire could think of many different combat uses for those strong machines.”
“Maybe,” Clair said, straining her face as she tried to figure out whether or not it was possible, “but it would only be one per ship.  There simply wouldn’t be room for more than that in the cargo bays.  They’re meant for transporting troops, not goods.”
“So that’s a possibility we’ll need to warn the King about when we get back to Ruoth.  I do not doubt that with the advanced warning we can give Ruoth and Ugbae, they will stand a much better chance in the upcoming war.” Pergory commented.
“Indeed,” Barnabas could feel his head getting fuzzier and fuzzier now, and knew that sleep would overtake him soon.  “Perhaps the empire is simply overconfident.”  And with that, sleep engulfed him.
In what seemed like seconds to Barnabas, Clair was shaking his shoulders, “Get up, you big lummox!” she said happily, “We’ve got ground to cover!”
“How long was I asleep?” Barnabas asked, picking himself up and stretching.  His leg muscles were crying in agony now, the rest seeming to have done more harm than good.  He tried to focus on a strange dream he had, but the details were slipping away quickly.  All he could remember were two people engulfed in shadow, and something behind them glowing so brightly that it had cast the people into the shadows.
“Just about four hours is all,” Clair answered, “Let’s go!”
“Where’s Pergory?” Barnabas asked, looking around and not seeing the bard.
“He said he needed to drain himself,” Clair replied sourly, “Not very sophisticated, is he?”
“Not really,” Barnabas chuckled.  Pergory appeared from behind a lonely tree about that time, a smile on his face.
“I feel like a new man,” he said, once he had rejoined them.
“I’ll bet,” Barnabas replied while Clair (despite herself) laughed at the comment, “Ready to go now?”
“Most assuredly,” he replied.  Barnabas hoisted Clair on his shoulders again and they took off.  They were covering a considerable amount of ground at the pace they were going, and Barnabas knew they would probably reach the Maelbog before the sun rose the next day.  Once again the trip was entirely silent except for their footsteps in the grass.  They passed a small village, at which point Barnabas was forced to put Clair in the sack again to help avoid detection.  He removed his flail to make it much more comfortable for her, but it also made him look much more suspicious as he ran across the countryside with a weapon in hand.
Barnabas and Pergory had traveled by the main road on their way to Gunther City.  Ironically this took more time than it would have to cut across the fields and small groves of trees along the way.  They traveled by this road, however, because it linked most of the villages and towns together.  This was convenient for them, because they were not in such a hurry at the time, and could take advantage of the opportunity to rest in beds and restock their food supply.  Now that they were possibly fugitives, however, the country side was by far the safer route.  Not only were they less likely to run into onlookers, but they could hide in the small groves and other such areas when they needed a rest and it cut their travel time nearly in half.
They ran into the night, not stopping due to the lack of hiding spots in the area they were at.  Both Barnabas and Pergory were greatly fatigued, however and agreed that once they had reached the Maelbog, and were therefore relatively safe, they would stop and get a good sleep.  Barnabas knew of the safest route through the marshland, one that went through a moel settlement.  He had befriended the moel many years ago, and knew that they would help him escape the Maelbog from any troops patrolling the area outside it.
Just as he had predicted, they arrived at the Maelbog deep into the night, the dawn just starting to rise.  The outer rim of the Maelbog was a mix of field and swamp.  There weren’t as many trees, and the water was a bit cleaner where it was pooled.  Barnabas led them, at a much slower pace, along a path that, although rarely used by humans, was well worn all the same.  This was a path the moel used when hunting.
Clair was obviously very distrustful of the place.  They were now moving at a considerably slower pace, and she had opted to walk now that she could keep up.  She kept jumping at noises coming from the brush, or from in the water.  Twice she shrieked loudly when bugs started landing in her hair.  Pergory offered his new scarf to wrap her hair in, and she soon had it tied up to keep the bugs and mud out of it.
Finally they had traveled deep enough into the swamp that the land no longer resembled the fields outside the bog.  Deep mud and strange smells surrounded them, as well as thick columns of willow trees that seemed to give an air of sorrow and despair as they hung over the desolate quagmire.  Barnabas decided that they were far enough in now that they should be safe.  He sat next to a tree and lit his pipe, as Pergory lied down on a mossy log and seemed to fall asleep instantly.  Clair (who had slept most of the night on Barnabas’ shoulders) told Barnabas to get some sleep and that she would keep watch while he did so.  He didn’t need telling twice and soon drifted off into a dreamless sleep.

Chapter 7
Quagmire


“Wake up!” Clair was hissing in Barnabas’ ear, in what seemed to be only minutes later.  He drifted between sleeping and consciousness for several moments before he felt something smack him in the head.  The world cleared itself, forcing him to slowly remember where he was and why.
“How long was I asleep?” he asked, sitting up and rubbing his head.
“Five hours,” Clair replied, “Let’s go!”
“Have we been followed?” Barnabas asked, noticing her anxiousness.
“Not that I know of,” she answered, glancing around herself as she did so.
“If we haven’t been followed, why are you so nervous?” Barnabas asked.  She looked at him exasperatedly, as if this should have been obvious.
“We’re in the Maelbog, Barnabas.  Have you never heard the legends of what lurks in this cursed swamp?”
“Of course I have,” Barnabas replied.  “It doesn’t mean I believe them.  Neither should you.  I’ve traveled this swamp at least a dozen times and never come across anything supernatural.”
“Well it’s not just the supernatural you need to worry about in here,” Pergory said groggily.  He had been woken up by Barnabas’ and Clair’s conversation.  “I’ve heard the fauna here can be very dangerous.”
“That’s true,” Barnabas admitted, “but we’ll be fine so long as we keep our wits about us.  There’s a big difference between a marsh feline and a malevolent spirit.  Besides, suppose that there are malevolent spirits in the swamp.  Pergory is equipped to defend us.”  He gave a nod toward’s Pergory’s blade.
They began plodding through the springy swampland at a much more relaxed pace than the frenetic running of the last few days.  The slower pace allowed them to chat, which brought their spirits up considerably.  Barnabas found speaking with Clair a bit strange.  He’d traveled with her for a few days now, unable to have very lengthy conversations with her.  In doing so, he had made certain assumptions about her character due to her body language, and from what little talks they actually had time and energy for.  She had told him that she was one of the smartest members of her colony, and most of their brief talks proved that she had a good mind for science and logic.  Therefore Barnabas was mildly surprised by her overly cheerful, sporadic demeanor; slightly marred only by her fear of being in the Maelbog.
“I never imagined that there were creatures like you in the world,” Clair said in almost child-like awe as she walked alongside Barnabas.  “I mean, I’ve heard stories about monstrous men in the hills of Ruoth…but the stories were always about monsters, not nice intelligent people like you.”
“Well I am unique in that aspect,” Barnabas replied, “I guess it would be correct to assume that the rest of my kind is, as you said, monstrous.”
“Truly unique?” she asked curiously.
“Well I suppose that I haven’t met every troll in the world, but as far as I can tell my intelligence is exclusive to me,” he replied.
“That’s a lot to take in!” She exclaimed, overly excited, “I can’t begin to fathom what this entails, Barnabas.  There’s so much we could learn from you.  For all we know, you’re the beginning of a whole new species!  A new entity altogether, advanced from the trolls!  Or at the very least, you mark the beginning of the trolls’ advancement into a modern world!  It’s something that has happened with every race, you see, we all started off as almost feral creatures…” she went on for a while, chattering excitedly about exactly what Barnabas’ very existence could mean on many different levels:  scientifically, religiously, fundamentally, and much more.  Barnabas almost laughed when he reminded himself that he had told her, shortly after her rescue, that she would have trouble keeping him quiet over the next few days.
They talked more about the Empire’s plans, but there really wasn’t much to discuss at this point beyond theoretical debating.  Pergory, to Barnabas, seemed to keep awfully quiet and become very lost in thought when the subject would arise.  They had traveled over half a day when Barnabas confronted him about it.
“What’s on your mind?” He asked as they settled into a small clearing.  It was a stop on the moels’ trail, and it had clear signs of previous habitation.  There was a small shelter made of mossy damp lumber to the west and a beaten path in front of it where fires were obviously lit.  They had started a fire there and were cooking a swamp hog that Pergory had killed no less than an hour ago.
“I don’t know,” Pergory replied quietly, staring into the fire, “Something about this just doesn’t seem right.  The Empire building ships that far away from the ocean…it just seems like a stupid maneuver, don’t you think?”
“It does,” Barnabas replied, “It makes sense if you take into account the strategic value of secrecy…but the empire has private ports in the Gulf of Banesthle.  They could easily maneuver those ships through the Straight of Odessa and save a lot of time, and probably resources, rather than dragging the damned things across the land.”
“It just doesn’t add up,” Pergory replied, “There’s something we’re missing, something that we either haven’t taken into consideration, or we weren’t lucky to see on our little espionage mission.”
“Possibly,” Clair said, joining them, “But if that’s the case then I wouldn’t feel too worried about it.  If the Emperor has a secret, he’s done a good job of hiding it.  My colony has worked on those ships for a while now, and I can tell you that even with the auto-haulers, it will be quite an endeavor to lug those ships across the plains.”
“Exactly,” Pergory said, “So why waste that time or the resources that could otherwise be spent on the war?”
“Well possibly because the Emperor is confident enough to believe he can afford to spend them on that,” Barnabas mused, “The ports along the Banesthle are private, but it wouldn’t be hard for someone to sneak in there and find out what was going on.  Keeping the building process, as well as the secrets, in his castle gives him a better way to enforce that those secrets be kept, personally.”
“So basically right now the best we can do is hope that the empire is just unwisely overconfident?” Pergory asked.
“No,” Barnabas answered, “The best we can do is to warn the other nations that war is without a doubt coming for them.  What you said is a close second,” he added with a smirk.
“Well that makes us just about as foolish,” Clair said, leaning against a tree.  Her eyes were wide open, and kept darting around her at the slightest sound.
“You should get some sleep,” Pergory said, walking over to her.
“Easy for you to say,” She replied, “You have a weapon, and are big enough to make a marsh lion think twice about attacking you.  I hate this swamp.”
“Sleep between us,” Pergory said kindly, indicating the ground next to Barnabas, “That way the mean old lions have to go through us to get to you.”  She flopped on the ground next to Barnabas (emptying his sack to use as a pillow) and seemed slightly more relaxed as she drifted off into sleep.  Barnabas had already started snoring before this, though.
Barnabas was woken suddenly by a loud noise.  He sat up quickly, alarmed by the sound, and felt his sleep addled mind protest the sudden action.  Glancing to his side, he saw both Pergory and Clair stirring next to him as well.  He looked around and started taking in his surroundings.  The clearing was now very dark.  He couldn’t see the stars through the trees, but he assumed that he had been asleep for a few hours.  He began listening closely for whatever had made the noise that had woken him.
“Wha….whaddya doin’” Pergory asked through a yawn.
“I heard something,” Barnabas said quietly, still listening.
“Heard what?” Clair whispered, fear in her voice.
“I’m not sure,” Barnabas said, “It was loud enough to wake me, though.”  They were all very quiet for a few moments, each glancing around one another and looking for the cause of the noise.  Suddenly, a large rumble emanated from beyond the clearing to their right.
“Over there!” Clair hissed in a very high voice, pointing to their right, “I told you that this place is haunted!  Oh Deities!  We need to leave, now!”
“It’s not a spirit,” Barnabas said, a slight quaver to his voice, “Clair, can you climb trees?”
“Not very well,” she answered slowly, taking a little time to analyze the strange question.
“Sorry about this, then,” Barnabas said.  And without explaining himself he grabbed her by the waist and threw her straight up and into the tree they were standing under.  At the start of her descent, she had the presence of mind to reach out and grab a branch.
“What in the Hell has gotten into you?” She screamed at him, pulling herself up onto the branch unsteadily.
“Just be quiet,” Barnabas called back, “Things are about to get a little frightening around here.”  The rumble sounded again, much louder, and much closer this time.  It was accompanied by a softer rumbling, the sound a large creature makes while running through foliage.  Soon the sounds of mud squelching under large feet could be heard.  It was closing in fast.
“It’s coming this way,” Pergory said with the air of one bracing himself for a fight.  He pulled out his sword and waited for whatever it was to become visible.  He turned and saw Barnabas nearly ten feet behind him, and still backing up.  Sweat glistened off the troll’s face and his hands were white around his flail.  “What’s eating you?” Pergory asked him.
Suddenly there was an almighty crash, Pergory whipped around just in time to see an enormously long, scaly thing flying towards him before it smacked him and sent him flying.  He spun in the air a few times before hitting to the ground and tumbling towards Barnabas.  Barnabas helped him to his feet, where he tottered, slightly dazed.
“That,” Barnabas replied, “That is what’s eating me.”
Before them stood a true monster of the swamp:  a mammodile.  Nearly twenty feet long and weighing three tons, its long mouth and powerful jaws were lined with enormous, razor like tusks, two of which were as long and fat as butcher knives, used to impale and trap its prey.  Its armor like skin, though not as tough as a quarry devil, was still thick enough to make it impervious to a great deal of assault.  It turned and faced Barnabas and Pergory, who was still dazed from the blow from its tail.  It opened its maw, the loud rumbling growl which woke Barnabas now a nearly deafening noise.
“Come on, come ON!” Barnabas yelled at Pergory, shaking him to pull the man out of the daze, “We don’t have time for that!  Pull yourself together; I’m going to need your help!”
“Right,” Pergory said, shaking his head like a bull trying to shoo away flies.  He seemed to gather his senses, and prepared himself.
The beast was purely primal, the ultimate predator of the marshes.  It had no equal among the bogs and quagmires, and over time had become a vicious breed.  It showed not even the slightest hesitation.  It didn’t have instincts such as flanking prey, or cornering it, or even trapping it.  It was so effective, large, and vicious that it didn’t need them.  In other words, it had no subtlety.  It seemed almost pompous as it began closing the gap between itself and the two delectable morsels before it, seemingly uncaring that there was plenty of open marshland for its prey to run away in.  The only real hunting instinct it had was that it could catch them, no matter where they went in its home.
Halfway to Barnabas and Pergory, the mammodile lurched suddenly, twisting its head sideways as it did so.  The lunge easily and quickly closed the gap, and both the troll and the man barely had time to dive out of its way.  The jaws snapped shut on thin air, but Barnabas could feel the gust of air that accompanied it, and the ground shaking as the monstrosity landed.  He barely noticed the long tail (nearly one third of its body length) swinging, and managed to dive under it.  Scrambling like a monkey, he desperately sought to regain his footing on the ground.  The beast, built low to the ground and quick on its feet, had spun around before Barnabas had even gotten a few steps away.  It quickly snapped again.  Barnabas leapt, and barely missed having his leg severed in the beast’s toothy mouth.  Unfortunately for Barnabas, however, the beast’s momentum hit him, causing him to fly across the ground, leaving him vulnerable.  It prepared to attack again, before Barnabas even had time to realize what had happened.
Pergory gave a warrior’s roar as he landed on the beast’s back, and plunged his exotic blade deep into the mammodile’s hide.  The monster gave another roar, this one quite clearly reflecting pain and anger, rather than the intent to instill fear.  It shook its body violently, a trait it normally used for eviscerating prey in its mouth.  Pergory held onto his sword as a lifeline.  The creature suddenly gave an almighty rock to one side, balancing its weight on its left legs.
“Pergory, get off!” Barnabas screamed as he got to his feet, “Its going to roll!”
Eyes as wide as saucers, Pergory pulled out his sword and made to leap off the right side of the beast.  This was a mistake, because the beast then flung violently to the right, using its weight and strength to roll right overtop of the man.  Fortunately for Pergory, it used too much strength, and couldn’t stop itself, which gave Barnabas time to rescue Pergory before it could attack again.
Pulling the disheveled man out of the ground (and leaving a fairly deep, Pergory shaped imprint in the mud) Barnabas made to run.  Pergory, however, crumpled under his own weight and gave a shout of immense pain.  Barnabas only then noticed that his leg was horribly disfigured.  It was broken under the beast’s immense weight.
“You’re just lucky the ground was so soft…that could have been your whole body otherwise,” Barnabas said, while hoisting the man on his back.
“Let’s talk about how lucky we are after we slay the beast,” Pergory replied through gritted teeth, his voice a pitch higher than normal.  Barnabas would have laughed if the situation wasn’t so dire.  The beast had regained its composure, and faced them again.  It was livid.  Barnabas knew why.  Never before had its prey caused it so much trouble.  It charged again, but this time its tactic was to ram, rather than to bite.  It now knew that it had to weaken these unusual foes before they would relent to being eaten.
Barnabas only had a split second to devise what he was going to do, and that’s all the time his rather advanced brain needed.  He grabbed Pergory’s sword, and then threw Pergory clear across the clearing out of harms way (promising himself he would apologize for it later).  The beast was nearly atop of him when he sidestepped quickly, putting him right beside the beast’s massive jaw rather than in front.  Quicker than lightning, he wrapped an arm around the beast’s entire mouth.
So surprised was the beast at this tactic that it actually stopped its charge.  It began tossing its head and shaking it madly.  Barnabas realized that his one arm was stronger than the beast’s jaw, at least as far as the beast opening its mouth was concerned, and gripped tighter.  It went into a rampage, thrashing about, trying everything it could possibly think of to shake loose the annoying hinder to its greatest weapon.  But even when it rolled it couldn’t shake Barnabas, because not even a fourth of its weight ended up atop the troll, who had now wrapped the monster’s jaw in a tight bear hug with both arms and was not about to let go.
“Pergory!” Barnabas called, now wishing he had not thrown the man so far, “Do you think you can get close?”
“Maybe,” Pergory answered weakly, the pain in his leg must have been intense, “If I could use a crutch or something.”
“I’ve hindered him immensely,” Barnabas said tensely through the effort it was taking to hold on to the flailing monster, “If you could get your sword and get close enough, you could cleave its Hellbound head clean off!”
“I’ll be there in a bit,” Pergory called back.  Distracted by the effort needed to keep the beasts mouth shut, as well as trying to keep an eye on his footing, Barnabas did not notice when Pergory began slashing at the beast.  Only when it began relenting on removing him, making it far easier to keep his grip, did Barnabas look up to see Pergory taking great chunks of scales and meat off of the beast’s neck.  Dark blood was collecting under the beast, and splattering Pergory, Barnabas, and the mammodile.  It began swiping frantically with its tail, but Pergory was just out of the tail’s reach.  In what seemed like an eternity to the now exhausted Barnabas, Pergory managed to cut past the scaly armor and fatty flesh, and struck the beast’s jugular vein.  It gave an almighty thrash that sent the weakened Barnabas flying over its back, where he bounced a few times before getting whipped by the erratic tail.  He got to his feet slowly, though, knowing that the fight was over.
The mammodile violently tossed its head for a few moments, wildly trying to cling to life, but soon the blood loss weakened it.  It fell to the ground and began weakly flopping before finally giving one last gurgling growl before succumbing to death, its twitching muscles indicating its passing.  The moment that it stopped moving, however, Pergory’s eyes rolled back in his head and he passed out from the pain of standing on his crushed leg.
Barnabas stood, rubbing the many sore spots along his chest and arms.  Every single time that the mammodile rolled over him or slammed him into the ground was now pronounced by an extreme aching pain, located in multiple spots along his body.  He was currently closer to Clair than Pergory, and looked up at her.  She was white as a sheet and mouthing soundlessly at the lifeless form of Pergory.
“Jump down, and I’ll catch you,” Barnabas told her.  His voice was hoarse as though he had been shouting non stop for the last three hours.  Clair didn’t seem to hear him, at first, traumatized by what she had just seen.  She glanced down at Barnabas after a few moments.
“What?” she asked, her voice barely a whisper and much higher than usual.
“Jump down,” Barnabas repeated, “And quickly, we need to get Pergory help, or he may never be able to walk on that leg again.”
Clair didn’t hesitate in the slightest, and leapt out of the branch.  Barnabas caught her as easily as if she’d been an apple, and set her down on the ground.  They both ran towards Pergory who despite being unconscious showed visible signs of being in intense pain.  His face was screwed up in a horrible grimace.  There were blotchy patches of purple all over his body where the mammodile had rolled over him, causing horrible bruising, or worse.
Picking him up gently and cradling him like a baby, Barnabas began jogging through the marsh, with Clair barely able to keep up.  She was no longer complaining; however, as Pergory’s safety was more important to her.  Barnabas knew they could reach the moel settlement in a half day’s time at the pace they were going, but even that would be cutting it close in order to save Pergory.
They met no other fauna of the swamp along the way.  Barnabas thanked the Deities for that small blessing.  He knew that he would be ill fit to fight off a marsh feline in his current condition, let alone another mammodile.  Not even a younger one.  He could barely jog, he was so exhausted.
After a few hours they saw signs of habitation.  Keen observers could spot that it was obviously a moel habitation by the shape of the footprints, as well as the markings along the path, which was now clearly a woven path through the swamp and not mistakable for any other stretch of murky foliage and stagnant waters.  Barnabas was beginning to feel as though his lungs were on fire when, from behind a patch of brush, a moel appeared brandishing a spear.
“Halt,” he said in Moelish.  They came to a stop, Barnabas unable to speak due to being completely winded.  He didn’t need to, however, because he recognized the moel.  It was Dovlo, the son of the chief.  Dovlo (after a brief moment of shock) acknowledged him as well.
“Barnabas!” Dovlo exclaimed with delight, “My gracious!  What a pleasant…” he cut off as he took in the other members in Barnabas’ company.  The tiny Clair was standing slightly behind Barnabas, obviously worried about the situation and Pergory draped over Barnabas’ shoulder.  The moel smiled, “Take a few prisoners did you?  What is their offense?”  Barnabas didn’t understand Dovlo’s question at first, but then comprehension hit him as he caught his breath.  He almost laughed.  Leave it to a moel, he thought, to assume they were fighting.  He couldn’t blame Dovlo, though; the situation did look remarkably like a fight.
“It’s nothing like that,” Barnabas answered through jagged breaths.  His lungs felt like they were on fire, and it was painful even to speak.  “We’re on the run, so to speak, headed back to Ruoth.  We decided to cut through the Maelbog to save time and avoid detection from the Gathnadian troops.  We were attacked by a mammodile.”
“Your friend is hurt badly,” Dovlo said, looking concerned, “Follow me, I will take you to the healer!”  He took off down the path, Barnabas and Clair close behind.
“The healer?” Barnabas asked after he had caught up, “I didn’t know anyone in your tribe had learned magic.”
“She’s not technically a member of the tribe,” Dovlo said while leaping over a large puddle.  “We adopted her only a few months ago.  There’s plenty in the tribe who were against it.”  By the sound of his slightly agitated voice, Barnabas understood that Dovlo was one of those against it.
“What’s wrong with her?” Barnabas asked, “Why would you be against it?”
“I will explain after we get him to her,” Dovlo said, “We need to save our energy and you’ll probably figure it out when you see her.”
“Barnabas?” Clair called out from behind him, “What’s going on?  Where is this moel leading us?”  Barnabas hadn’t thought about the obvious fact that Clair didn’t speak Moeller.
“He’s a friend of mine,” Barnabas answered in human, “He’s taking us to his tribe.  He says there’s a healer there that can fix up Pergory.”
“We can trust them?  For sure?” Clair asked.  Moel and gnomes were not antagonistic, but were not bosom friends either.
“Yes,” Barnabas answered, “I am friends with the chief and most of the tribesmen.  If I vouch for you, they will not harm you.”  Clair seemed relieved.
They ran for a few hours along a path that Barnabas did not know very well.  It was the guard path that the warriors of the moel tribe had woven into the swamp after many years.  For their purposes, however, it was a shortcut to the village.  Cutting their remaining time by three fourths they soon found themselves outside the encampment.
 They were greeted by cheers of welcome upon arriving at the village.  Moel that Barnabas hadn’t seen in a long time came thundering out of the streets to greet him.  The ruckus they made aroused the moel still in their cabins and huts, who upon seeing what the commotion was about joined the crowd.
“Back off!  Back off!” Dovlo shouted at the crowd, “There’ll be time for catching up later!  We need to see the healer!”  The crowd parted to allow them passage, but still cheered loudly.  Many rushed forward to wring Barnabas’ hand (the one not holding Pergory) before allowing him to pass.
“I was worried that the village would be more of a tense atmosphere,” Clair remarked.  She too was receiving a great deal of attention, but because she couldn’t speak the language she was having a bit harder time dealing with it than Barnabas was.  “But you seem to be quite a celebrity.”
“I’ll tell you the story later, how about,” Barnabas said as he made his way to the edge of the crowd.  Dovlo led them through the village to the most northern edge.  The chiefs cabin was located here, much larger and slightly more grandeur than the other tents, huts and cabins in the village.  To the immediate left was a large building that looked like a stable.  It was to this building that Dovlo led them.
“Is the healer outside the village?” Barnabas asked, “Will we need mounts to reach her?”
“No,” Dovlo said as he walked over to the stables front door, “This is where the healer resides.”  He gave the door three sharp raps, and called out, “Healer!  We require your assistance most urgently!”
“I’m coming!” a voice answered.  Barnabas was slightly shocked at the sound of it.  It was the voice of a human, or possibly gnome, but he was sure it was human.  Gnome voices were a much higher pitch than humans.
The front door was designed by gnomes for the purpose of housing animals.  It was split horizontally, so that the top half could be opened; allowing an animal to be maintained while the bottom half could remain shut, ensuring the animal’s captivity.  The top half opened, confirming Barnabas’ suspicion about the healer’s identity.  A human female leaned out of the exposed top half of the door, though she seemed very tall.  Her short brown hair was swept back, as though by the wind and her hazel eyes squinted as she took in the people outside her door.  Barnabas though that her face seemed very lined for someone still so young.
“What’s the problem, Dovlo?” She asked in perfect Moeller.
“This troll is a friend of the village,” Dovlo answered, “He and his comrades were attacked by a mammodile while traveling through the swamp.  The human needs your immediate attention.”  Dovlo answered, indicating Barnabas, Pergory, and Clair as he did so.  The healer looked them over quickly.
“Right,” she said curtly.  She swung open the bottom half of the door.  “Give him to me, then, and let’s have a look at him.”
Barnabas let out a gasp of surprise, and heard Clair do the same.  Where the woman’s torso ended was not met with human legs, but rather a horse’s body.  It looked oddly like a horse that had inexplicably grown a human torso, arms, and head instead of a horse’s neck and head.  Centaur was the term given to people like this by the magicians who had encountered such predicaments, and it was by magic that they existed.  A transformation spell gone wrong, the results of which made half of the body of the animal you were transforming into, the other half still human.  Most times, a centaur would be hindered with an animal’s head and a human body, or worse.  The condition was almost irreversible due to the complex magic involved.  There was only one recorded instance of the transformation being reversed, and it had been an accident as well.  The caster had tried a full reversal spell, botched it, and was just lucky that the spell turned the animal half of him back to human.  Though he would still bark loudly whenever someone knocked at his front door.
“Forget it for now,” the healer remarked at their bald-faced staring at her affliction and understanding its meaning, “If your friend wants to walk again, I’ll need to see him immediately.”  She turned around and Dovlo, Barnabas, and Clair followed her into the stable.
It was furnished like a human dwelling, though with obvious changes to compensate for her being a centaur.  The fact that the building was a stable helped in that area.  The living area had one rather uncomfortable looking chair and a nice big rug located by a small table with a lantern.  Beside that was a bookcase, which was crammed with many volumes.  The kitchen had a table, and two chairs that had been shoved against the wall, like the chair in the living room they were solely for when she had guests over, due to the fact she could not sit in a chair herself.
She led them to a room towards the back that was furnished as a healer’s practice room.  There were different spell books laid out, medicine herbs and fruits in jars, and equipment such as stitching thread and bandage wrap.  In the center of the room was a long table.
“Lay him on the table, and I’ll get to work immediately.  I’ll need privacy, so get out as soon as you do it.” She was very curt about it.  Barnabas laid Pergory on the table and then backed out of the room with Clair and Dovlo.  The healer shut the door behind them.  As Barnabas began heading for the exit, he heard her whistling a familiar song, slightly off key, as she began to work.
“Now you see why some of the villagers don’t exactly trust her,” Dovlo said after they had left the healer’s stable-house.
“Did she do that to herself?” Barnabas asked.
“She said she didn’t,” Dovlo answered as if he didn’t believe it, “But how else does one gain an affliction such as that if they weren’t experimenting in stuff best left alone?”
“What does she say happened to her?” Barnabas asked.
“Some big story about a crazed magician who was teaching her new healing spells,” Dovlo answered, “Said he was teaching her the healing spell one minute, next thing she knew he had tried to transform her.  While she was still recovering from the transformation, he ran off and left her like that.”
“You don’t believe her?” Barnabas asked.
“Seems pretty shifty to me,” Dovlo said, “And I know you, troll.  You think I’m being prejudiced.  Wait till you hear her tell the story and I think you might understand at least why I have a hard time believing the story.”
Promising himself to do just that after Pergory had been healed, Barnabas replied, “Very well.  I suppose a visit to the chief should be the first thing I do now that we’ve gotten Pergory to a healer.”
“Aye,” Dovlo said, his flat face erupting into a grin, “He’ll be thrilled to see you.  Let’s go.”
They headed for the chief’s hut, still followed by the massive crowd.  Now that he was not endangering Pergory, however, Barnabas was able to greet the crowd properly.  There were many good friends among those in the crowd, and he allowed himself a moment to catch up with them before they reached the chief’s hut.  Clair was nearly beside herself with frustration.  The moel crowd seemed to understand that she was Barnabas’ friend, and were attempting to communicate with her as such.  Not understanding what they were saying, however, she had to resort to a crude form of hand gestures and flailing arms to make them understand that she couldn’t comprehend what they were saying.  Moel had a habit of mischief, though, and the crowd was enjoying her ever growing, livid behavior.
Dovlo knocked on the Chief’s front door three times.  The door opened and Chief Forestar stepped out, gazing first at the excited crowd, and then at Barnabas.
“Barnabas!” he cried in Moeller.  He lunged forward and wrapped as much of the troll as possible in a very tight hug.  “Welcome back!”
“Many thanks!” Barnabas said, returning the hug, “I will admit it has been far too long for my liking!”
“I should say so!” Chief Forestar replied.  “I was starting to think you had forgotten about us!”
“That’s something you will never have to worry about,” Barnabas laughed as they withdrew from the embrace.  “You aren’t the easiest moel to forget, you know!”
“Ha!” barked Forestar, “Does that mean you tried to?”
“I wouldn’t be able to if I wanted!” Barnabas replied.
“Come in, come in!” Forestar said jovially, waving his arm towards his door.  “We will throw a feast tonight!  It’s not every day we have a guest of whom we enjoy the company of!”
“Guests,” Dovlo interrupted the chief and putting great emphasis on the word.  Chief Forestar gazed confusedly at his son for a moment.
“Guests?” He asked.
“Yes, guests,” Dovlo repeated, pointing at Clair as he did so.  Forestar followed his hand and saw little Clair, who was obviously still unable to understand what was being said.  She looked slightly intimidated as the chief gazed at her for a moment (moel faces could be very hard to read for one who had not spent very much time with them).  “There is another, a human, being treated by the healer as we speak.”
“Are they friends of yours?” Chief Forestar asked Barnabas.
“They are,” Barnabas said courteously.
“Then they are friends of ours,” the chief said cordially, but added with a note of warning, “If they break our customs, though we will view them in a slightly more antagonistic light.”
“I don’t think we have anything to worry about there,” Barnabas said.
“Good!” Chief Forestar said jovially, “Dovlo, let us prepare the feast!”  Dovlo smiled and began gathering the village warriors and hunters so that they could go find some game.
“Where did you fell the mammodile?” Dovlo asked him, “We could easily feed the village and have some left over with a beast like that.”
“It’s a few hours south bound on the trail you found us on, in a clearing,” Barnabas answered.
“Great!” Dovlo said, “We have a shortcut to get there!  We’ll be back in half an hour.”
“How could you cover that kind of ground in so little a time?” Barnabas asked, slightly bewildered.
“Our healer has a few portal spells under her belt.  Time magic is just a branch away from healing.  ‘Course, due to the fact it isn’t her forte, so to speak, she can only move us around the swamp and not beyond it.”
“Interesting,” Barnabas mused at the implications of the centaur woman being a multicaster.  If he were the type to judge he would have assumed, after hearing that she multicasted, that she caused her own transformation.  But he was never one to judge, and still vowed to speak with her in private once Pergory had been healed.
Dovlo took a large number of hunters with him and departed the village.  Barnabas opted to go as well, but Chief Forestar declined the request, wishing to speak with Barnabas and Clair in private.  Leading them into his home, the chief locked the door behind them.
“I do not wish to be disturbed,” he said in the human language, thickly accented.
“You have learned human?” Barnabas asked.
“I have since the healer moved here,” Forestar said with a hiss caused by his accent.  “As spokesman of the tribe, I felt it necessary.”
“Thank the Deities,” Clair gasped, obviously relieved.  “I was beginning to think I’d be pantomiming everything the whole time I’m here.”
“You will still have to with the rest of the villagers,” the chief chuckled.  With his Moeller accent, it sounded rather sinister.  “As far as I know, only I and Dovlo can speak the Human tongue, and he much less proficiently than I.  The villagers seem to be getting a fair bit of amusement from your efforts to communicate, though.”  Clair scowled and crossed her arms.  Forestar gestured towards his sitting quarters where there were chairs.  “Come, let us sit.  I will prepare some drinks.  Barnabas and Clair went and sat, and soon Forestar had returned with a tray with four glasses on it.
“Is there another here?” Barnabas asked, noticing the fourth glass.
“Perceptive as always,” Forestar said, setting the tray down on a small round table.  He picked up one glass filled with Moel ale and took a sip.  “But no, my glass is filled with ale.  I know you don’t drink our ale, Barnabas so I filled yours with a human brandy that Dovlo got from some raiders we apprehended outside the village, and I filled two glasses for your gnome friend, considering I did not know which she would prefer.”
“My name is Clair Collo,” she introduced herself, giving a small curtsey as she did so.  Without skipping a beat, the chief pulled out a rather sinister looking knife and directed it towards her.
“That gesture is the Challenge of the Fierce!” Forestar said harshly.  “I accept your challenge for the leadership of this tribe!”  Clair looked shocked and fell back in her chair.
“Wha…what!?” She exclaimed, “I meant nothing of the sort!  I was just showing you respect as the chief!  I never meant…” however she was interrupted by both Forestar and Barnabas bursting into laughter.  She looked confusedly between the two of them.
“Sorry,” Forestar said, putting his blade away and taking a sip of his ale.  “That’s an old moel joke that we play on humans and gnomes.  It never gets old.”
“I remember when you did it to me,” Barnabas said wiping his eyes.  He turned to Clair, “I went to shake his hand suddenly found myself proposing a duel, or so I thought.  Ha!”
Clair gave a nervous laugh as though she didn’t find it at all funny.  She sat down and scowled again as she grabbed the glass with the moel ale and took a quick swig, chasing it with the brandy.
“Well now, gnome!” Forestar replied, “I didn’t take you for an ale drinker!”
“Not particularly fond of it,” she replied, “But I figured it would be rude to not accept it.  And I could use a swift drink to be honest.”
“Of course,” Forestar replied, “I suppose you have had a bit of a dangerous journey to reach this place.  And I’m not talking about the mammodile you felled.”
“Indeed,” Barnabas replied.  “Our journey is a very long one shoved in a very short space of time.”
“What does that mean?” Forestar asked.
“Suffice it to say, we’re on the run,” Barnabas replied between sips of his brandy.  “I would say that we have been very fortunate.”
“Would this have anything to do with what my nephew, Prob Vagchuk, wrote me about?” Forestar inquired.  Barnabas swallowed his mouthful quickly and burned his throat.
“I didn’t know Prob was your nephew,” he said hoarsely.  Clearing his throat, he continued, “I assume he told you of the empire’s activity?”
“He did,” Forestar said.  “Of course, I already knew of this.  I have many sources outside the Maelbog.  They have been telling me strange and alarming things as of late.  Tales of technology and enslavement.  I see you before me, Clair Collo, and I know that you are only here because you were rescued.  The gnomes were enslaved, the moel are being forcibly evicted and the humans, for the most part, are blissfully unaware or uncaring of their emperor’s actions.
“When I received word from Prob that he had met a strangely intelligent troll, I knew that it was you he spoke about.  I knew why you were traveling to Gathnad, and I feared for you.  Emperor Sunrath is afraid of what he does not understand.  It is why he has never had much tolerance of magic, nor of other species.  Which is why I was not surprised by the gnome’s enslavement or the treatment of the moel (which wasn’t so out of the ordinary anyway).  I would say you were lucky not just because you made it this far, but because if the emperor had found out how useful you could be to his endeavors he would have enslaved you as well.”
“It’s funny that you say that,” Barnabas intoned gravely, “Because the Emperor did, in fact, see just how useful I could be.  It was part of our plan to get young Clair here out of the castle.  I met and had dinner with the emperor.  He seemed…for lack of a better term, impressed, with my handiwork.  You are probably correct.  If I were to be apprehended by him it would surely spell out my enslavement.”
“That just begs the question, however, why did he let you escape?” Forestar pondered.
“He assumed that I would be in town longer,” Barnabas replied, “He did not think that I would leave as quickly or as quietly as I did.  I’d bet my castle that I’d be in the dungeons this moment if I had stayed even a day longer.”
“Not something that I’d bet against,” Forestar admitted.  He turned to Clair, “What do the terms of your peoples’ enslavement include?” he asked her, “I assume your knowledge in machinations and science.  Was there anything else?”
“No, our expertise in those areas seems to be where he finds us most useful,” she answered, “He didn’t really give us much else to do other than build and modify war machinations for his armies.  Unless you consider being the test subjects of cruel magical experiments, ‘useful.’”
“I would not,” Forestar replied, “I will help you get to the coast, my men are quite knowledgeable on how to remain inconspicuous between here and the sea.  But crossing it is something you will have to figure out for yourselves.”
“Understandable,” Barnabas agreed, “Thank you, very much old friend.”
“You are most welcome,” Forestar smiled, “Come now, let us go and celebrate.  I imagine your friend should be about healed up by now.”
As if in response to the chief’s words, they heard a loud crash from outside, and the muffled yells of the healer, who sounded distressed.  The three jumped up and headed for the door.

Chapter 8
A Doctor’s Practice


“I did no such thing!” Barnabas heard Pergory say as the troll crossed the threshold.
“An accident, then!”  The healer hissed, her voice vehement, “Your hand just accidentally wrapped itself around my waist!”
“Of course!” Pergory replied, though Barnabas could hear a bit of amusement in his voice.  Barnabas, Forestar, and Clair rounded the corner and saw Pergory sitting in the mud outside the healer’s stable.  His entire front was covered with wet, swampy mud and there was an imprint in the ground where he had obviously picked himself up.  The healer was standing over him, in a position to trample him.  The top half of the healer’s front door was broken off the hinges, and Barnabas realized that she must have kicked Pergory through it.
“Let me tell you then, bard,” she spat at him, “If your hand accidentally even comes within an inch of me in the future I will lop it off and use it as a coat rack!”  She wheeled around and went back into her stable.  Barnabas walked over to Pergory, who was picking himself up off the ground and wiping mud off his turban.
“I must admit,” Barnabas said to him, slightly cross, “That was the first lecherous act I’ve seen you perform since you began traveling with me.”
“It’s just my nature I suppose,” Pergory replied.
“We’ll talk later,” Barnabas said, and then turned to the chief.  “Chief Forestar, this is my new friend and traveling companion, Pergory Feng.”
“Pleased to meet you,” Pergory said in perfect Moeller, extending his hand.  The chief took it, mildly surprised.  Barnabas stared at Pergory, once again bewildered by the man.  It was rare for a human to know Moeller, so deep was the hatred that ran between the two races.
“I will forgive you of the crime you committed this once,” Forestar told Pergory, still gripping his hand tightly, “because you are a friend of Barnabas’.  However, should you break another law in this village you will be dealt with.  Is that understood?”
“Completely,” Pergory answered pleasantly.
“Good,” Forestar said.  “I have spoken with Barnabas and Clair, I would like to speak with you as well,” he turned to Barnabas, “This would only take a few minutes.  Why don’t you reacquaint yourself with the village while the two of us chat?”
“That sounds like an excellent idea,” Barnabas said, his eyes grazing the healers stable.  He started walking towards the stable, Clair following.  He knocked on the door (what was left of it) and waited politely, even though he could see within the building.  The healer appeared from the room which she had been attending to Pergory in and saw Barnabas through the busted door.
“If you’re here to apologize for your friend, don’t bother,” she said while opening the door and inviting them in.  “I don’t want to hear it.”
“Not at all,” Barnabas said, ducking his head as he crossed the threshold.  “Pergory is not a child, though he often acts as such, and can do that for himself.  We merely wished to introduce ourselves.”
“Oh,” the healer said, sounding tired, “All right then…come in I suppose.  I don’t have much in the way of pleasant accommodations for one of your size though.” she replied, looking up at him as she did so.
“I can get by,” Barnabas said with a laugh, “You could say that I’m used to it by now.”  Without the pressing matter of Pergory’s health to worry about, Barnabas was able to take in the stable better.  It was about as hospitable as you could make a stable.  The many pens had been redesigned to be the various rooms that you would find in a house, the largest of which was the healing room they had dropped Pergory off in.  The next largest was obviously a dining room and kitchen, the smallest rooms being living quarters and bedrooms respectively.  And while each, “room,” had high walls, none of them were completely roofed, as is custom for livestock quarters.  Barnabas could easily see into each room from any part of the stable that he stood in.
They sat down in one of the bigger pens, where there were chairs for Barnabas and Clair to sit.  Barnabas, however, ended up sitting on the floor due to being far too large for any chair in the stable.
“I suppose you’re wondering about my condition,” the healer said, sighing as she did so, “I was just a girl when I discovered…”
“Actually,” Barnabas interrupted her, “I would prefer that we start with introductions.  I’m Barnabas, and to my right is Clair Collo.  I’m a troll from Ruoth, gifted with leather and metal working.”
“And I’m a gnome from the St’nd Gattson Tribe,” Clair said with a smile.
The healer hesitated for a moment, and then forced a smile and replied, “My name is Darcie Hathaway, gifted healer and half-horse centaur.  I believe the horse is a chestnut.”
“That would be my guess,” Barnabas said, with a chuckle, “It is good that you can find some humor in the situation.”
“I’m not sure I would call it humor.  It’s more like spite, really,” Darcie said, the smile ebbing away.  “When I was a girl I discovered that I could use healing magic.  My parents were overjoyed.  They had wanted me to become a doctor, you see, and they understood my powers to be a nod from the Deities that I should follow a path of healing.  I agreed with them, I enjoyed helping others.
“I lived in one of the villages bordering the north of the Malebog, Quintstown.  It’s one of the larger ones, a lumber town.  The lumber extricated by our village usually goes north into Ruoth.  Considering the large number of accidents that occur on the job in the lumberyards, healers and doctors were in high demand.  When I became a fully qualified healer, I was almost instantly drafted on site to the lumber yards.  It was a very nice job, I was able to gain a lot of experience as a healer and I was learning the skills I needed to become a doctor.  I was very content.
“Three years later, at the age of tweny and four, I was fully qualified in both fields.  I started practicing as the town’s main doctor.  Every ailment, broken bone, wound and disease was treated by me, and the few people training under me.  I was very proud, as were my parents.  We had fulfilled our dream, something that not everyone is so lucky to say.
“Then one day they brought a man into my home, which is where I practiced.  He was very sickly; thin, gaunt, and pale.  I studied him for a while, and I diagnosed that he was merely unfed and in need of drink.  Three days later his body had more or less healed, with my magic as well as nutritional food.  He was well enough to talk at this point, and gave me a name.  Muskic Taylor, though I didn’t believe it because he rarely responded the first time you called his name, even if you were sitting next to him.  I knew there was something not right with the man, though his body had healed.  He was sick in the mind.  He would always be talking to himself about things that made sense only to him.
“I didn’t concern myself with the state of his mind, however, because there isn’t much that can be done, either magically or physically, to better another person’s mind.  Trying to do so can just make it worse, in fact.  So when I declared him cured, it was with apprehension, knowing full well that he was still a long way from being, ‘well.’  I demanded payment from him for my services, to which he replied he didn’t have any coins.  I heard that a lot from passengers, so I was ready to just write off the debt and send him on his way, but he said he had another way to repay me.  He told me he could show me a kind of magic that was both rare and valuable to know, and that he could teach me how to use it.  I was intrigued enough to forget his state of mind.  I knew there was a good possibility that I would not be able to risk using the magic myself, I was, as I said, a master at healing.  It would have been disastrous for me to try it myself, if the magic was too far away from the healing branch.  But I was curious to see it, having always wondered about the possibilities outside of my own field.
“He started muttering an incantation and waving his arms…I did not recognize the movements or the words at all, indicating that the magic he was using was quite a distance from healing on the Tree of Magic.  Then all I remember is great pain in my legs, hips, and feet.  It felt as though they were being molded in fire, as if the Deities themselves were reforging me from the waist down.  The pain was so intense that I passed out.  I awoke, and he was gone.  He had robbed me, stolen almost everything of value that I owned.  I tried to rise to get help from my father and the soldiers in town, but I couldn’t make myself get up for some reason, as if the action was in a foreign language that I had not yet deciphered.  Looking at my legs, I discovered my new form, this horse’s body.” She swished her tail as she said it, “I was devastated, I had never even heard of a centaur before it happened.  I tried to explain to the village chief…but I frightened everyone in the town.  Even my own parents.  They cast me out, telling me that I had been cursed by the Deities for something that I was hiding.  They wouldn’t listen to me when I told them it was the crazed man, they didn’t believe it.
“So I left the town.  All that I carried on me was a shirt and a small bag of food.   I was devastated, heartbroken.  I thought of killing myself, and often.  I made my way into the Maelbog, not even realizing it.  I was so devastated by grief that I was deeply into the marshes when I was snapped out of my lamenting by the sound of a marsh lion growling.  I was still very unaccustomed to my new body, and with the ground as soft and uneven as it was, I knew running wasn’t an option.  I actually, for a moment, welcomed death.  I was in such a state of despair by that point that it didn’t matter that I was about to be eaten.  I suppose it was lucky that I was saved.  The moel hunters had been tracking the very same lion that was about to eat me, and they struck the same time it did.
“They took me back to the village.  They were all very curious about my predicament, having never seen a centaur before.  They brought me to the chief and we negotiated my staying in the village (which was difficult, as we really couldn‘t understand each other), the conditions of which required me to be their healer.  He is a very kind person, and I owe him much.” she finished and took a sip of tea.
“You still sound quite jaded, however,” Barnabas said.
“I am,” she said icily, “I will never forgive that man for what he has done to me.  If I were to ever meet him again…I think I would kill him.”
“It’s terrible, what he did to you,” Clair replied, “I know I wasn’t there, and I never met him, but you said he was sick in his brain…perhaps he didn’t mean to transform you.”
“No,” Darcie said with notable anger in her voice, slamming her cup on the table as she did so, “He was not right in his mind, but he knew exactly what he was doing or he wouldn’t have robbed me blind after he left.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Barnabas commented, “Besides that, he seemed to know enough to give you a false name.”
“Oh,” Clair said, “I’m really sorry.”
“Don’t worry,” Darcie told her, softening her tone, “I have spent many days since it happened, going over the events in my head and trying to decipher whether or not he was responsible for his actions based on his sickness.  I understand why you would too.”  She turned and looked at Barnabas, “Now begging your pardon, dear sir, but I am perplexed by you.  Trolls are supposed to be almost animalistic in their simplicity and aggressive nature, but here you sit before me, a contradiction to my every teaching about the land above us.”
“My story’s about as strange as yours, Darcie,” Barnabas replied.  He told her about his descent from the mountains, how the village of Eoru took him in, and some of his subsequent adventures since.  He then began telling her about the trip he was currently on.
“I heard rumors,” Darcie said, looking at Clair as she did so, “The chief mentioned once the gnomes were being rounded up for some reason.  I never expected it to be so heinous.”
“Nor did I,” Barnabas replied, “Pergory and I left Ruoth thinking we would find amassed forces of men at the least; we did not expect to find slavery.  We are bringing Clair back with us to Ruoth so she can testify to the King as to what she and her kind are being forced to do.”
“Pergory,” Darcie asked, her cheeks pinking as she did, “What’s his story anyway?”
“Well he told me he was raised in Ugbae,” Barnabas replied, “I’m not sure if it’s true.  He’s a bit of a scoundrel; but he’s quick on his feet, very intelligent for his age, and very loyal if you treat him with kindness.  I’m not sure how much I can trust the stories he tells me at times, but I know I can trust him to help me when I need it.”
“He is a bit mysterious, isn’t he?” Clair asked.
“Scoundrel is the first impression I got,” Darcie said.  Clair and Barnabas laughed a bit.
“Someone talking about me?” Pergory’s voice came from right outside the broken door.
“Come in!” Darcie called back.  They heard the door open and close, and Pergory’s footsteps as he wandered around for a bit looking for them.  Finally he passed by the room in which they were sitting.
“Hey all,” he said, taking a seat next to Clair.  “I just finished up chatting with the chief.
“How did that go?” Barnabas asked.
“I think we’ll be best of friends,” Pergory replied, “He’s got an ear for good jokes.”
Barnabas laughed, “Did he tell you the one about the Ugbaen and the desert scorpion?”
“Ha!  I only just finished laughing at it!” Pergory replied with a snort.
“Maybe we should talk about what your plans are from here on out,” Darcie intoned.
“Of course,” Pergory replied, “And I’d like to apologize for what happened earlier.  It’s just, you had a face like an angel and I was still slightly woozy…I thought I’d died.”
“And so you decided to grope the angel guiding you to heaven?” She asked, though unable to help herself from smiling at his compliment.
“Well I figured she was probably there to send me down the other way,” Pergory said, “Wanted to get one good shot in before I went.  It’s a joke!  It was a joke!”
Clair stopped punching him, and Barnabas was laughing again.  Even Darcie was smiling.
“As to where we go from here,” Barnabas said finally, “We’re still working that out.  Whenever I travel into Gathnad I usually use Roger’s Skull Port.  Not too many questions asked about you or your cargo…or the personnel with you.  The problem with that is that you’re more likely to be robbed or murdered on the trip.”
“I see,” Darcie replied, “How long will you be in the village?”
“For the night, we need to move quickly,” Barnabas answered.
“Oh,” she said, and she looked as though she were contemplating something as she told them, “Well you are free to take up room here tonight, I have plenty of space.  Just…no funny business,” she finished, glancing at Pergory as she did so.
“On my mother’s grave,” Pergory said with a smile.
“Well,” Barnabas said, stretching his arms and standing up, “I suppose the hunters will be returning soon with the monster.  We should go see what we can do to help out with the feast.”
They left the stable to see that, as Barnabas had predicted, the hunters were reentering the village, each carrying a carefully cut portion of the mammodile.  In regards to the torso of the beast, there were at least five moel needed to pull the creature.
“I deserve some leg meat!” Pergory called out, so that everyone could hear.  “What?” he asked as the others glanced at him curiously, “That’s always the best part of any animal!”
“There will probably be enough to go around,” Clair said as Barnabas chuckled.
“I’m just saying, considering I almost became more of a cripple than I already am, I should have first say on the legs,” Pergory replied.
“My word!” they heard the chief call out.  They turned and saw him running towards the center of the village, where the beast was being quartered further and systematically hauled off to the cooks who would be preparing the meal.  “This isn’t just any mammodile!”
“I know,” Dovlo grunted, hoisting one of the legs onto a cart, “I wasn’t sure if a feast was in order before, but seeing this beast felled is a cause for celebration on any day!”
“I think we’re missing something,” Barnabas said.
“This mammodile has killed most of three hunting parties,” Darcie said, “Or at least I’m presuming this is the same beast.”
“It is,” the chief said, puffing his chest out as he did so, “We are very grateful that the deaths of some of our finest men and women have been avenged this day.”
“Okay,” Pergory said, “I am definitely getting some leg meat now.”
While they waited for the cooks to prepare the meal (not even half of the beast was required for the feast, the rest of it was put on salt and saved for later) the chief held a spiritual service for the moel hunters the beast had killed.
“Why didn’t they do this when the deaths first occurred?” Clair asked Barnabas in a whisper, after the chief had finished a particularly mournful song over the fire.
“Because of the manner they were killed,” Barnabas replied quietly, “The moel religion dictates that if a warrior or hunter is felled in battle or during a hunt, their souls can not pass into the next life until their deaths have been justified or avenged.”
“What happens if they aren’t avenged?” Clair asked.
“The dead are always avenged,” Barnabas intoned, “Time is the ultimate avenger, because nothing escapes its grasp.  Moel worship Father Time as their only deity, and if a moel is killed, he or she will be avenged when time itself calls upon the offender and removes them from the world.”
“What about when a moel dies of old age?” Clair asked, “Would they accuse Father Time of killing their own.”
“It ties into their belief structure,” Barnabas said, and it was clear to Clair that he was happy to have something to explain, or possibly someone who wanted to learn.  “Father Time is the only of the five Deities of the Church of Deities that the moel worship or believe in.  Their religion tells them that the other four; Light, Life, Love, and Mother Earth are inexistent because Father Time does the work of all four of them himself.  When Father Time calls you, it is either an honor for fulfilling your life’s purpose, whatever that may have been; or it is a curse for squandering the gifts and responsibilities in your life.  This is also where doubt comes into play, because what of a moel who dies at a young age?  As an infant?  What did they accomplish in their lives?  Some moel view that as an example of the religion being wrong, while others view it as an indication that the moel who died would have done terrible things if allowed to live, and Father Time put a stop to it before it even started.  Still others believe that they did accomplish something in their lives, no matter how short, and that we just don’t understand the significance of it.”
“Do they believe in Sufferain…or even Hell itself?” Clair asked.
“Without a doubt,” Barnabas said.  He did not like discussing the evil Deity, Sufferain.  The Church of the Deities scripture said that he was once two Deities, Suffering and Pain, essential to life to help people come to understand humility and tolerance.  They became lustful with their power and expanded their gaze and influence, and were banished by the other five gods to a fetid pit.  A marshland of horrible smells, endless waste, and no hope.  The Church stated that they continued to evoke their practices there and that every soul who followed those practices was also cast into the mud along with them, forever sinking, suffocating.  The Maelbog was thought by many to be this very Hell, which is why the place was so avoided and fraught with superstitions.
The feast began shortly after the service.  It was grand, with many fruits, vegetables, and of course, plenty of meat.
“Care for some mammodile,” Pergory said with his mouth half full of food, passing a helping to Darcie.
“I can’t,” Darcie replied, “My metabolism is that of a horse…I can really only eat vegetables and fruits.”
“Well what about your human half then?” Pergory asked with a look of shock on his face.  Barnabas almost laughed; he could tell that Pergory was appalled at the idea of not being able to eat meat.
“It gets by,” she said, helping herself to a few carrots and apples, “I can stomach plain beef in very short helpings,” she replied, “But mostly it makes me very sick.  Besides, the horse part of me has changed my tastes considerably.  Fruits and vegetables smell and taste delicious, while cooked meat makes me nauseous.”
“You poor thing,” Pergory replied, aghast, “That must be dreadful.  Me?  I couldn’t live without some good old fashioned meat every now and then.”
“If the vegetables and fruit weren’t so appealing, I would miss it more,” Darcie said, shrugging her shoulders, “But now apples and cabbage just taste and smell better than beef ever did.”
Barnabas and the chief were sitting together, Barnabas on the chief’s left, and Dovlo on the chief’s right.
“So do you know what you’re doing from here?” the chief asked.
“We’re planning to head into Roger’s Skull by tomorrow,” Barnabas answered after swallowing a mouthful.
“I would be careful,” Dovlo warned in Moeller, “My scouts have reported a lot of troops bordering the marsh.  I would place a bet that they are looking for you.”
“It might have been a mistake to cut through the Maelbog,” the chief replied to that warning.
“Maybe,” Barnabas said, shrugging his shoulders, “I think not though.  The Maelbog is a large place; the emperor can’t afford to send enough soldiers out to watch the whole of it at once, assuming that they suspect we went through here at all.  My biggest concern is how we will get across the sea.  That will be the tricky part.”
“I suppose it’s lucky you’re heading into Roger’s Skull,” Dovlo said through a mouth full.
“Fortunate in the fact we could find someone with pockets hollow enough to accept a bribe,” Barnabas replied, “But it will take a lot of coins to keep someone quiet.  If the empire suspects me, as I am sure they do, then the reward for us will probably be greater than I can afford to pay off.”
“There is always the chance you could hop aboard a ship run by someone from Ruoth,” the chief said.
“Always something to hope for,” Barnabas admitted, “But when it comes to things like this I always take a pessimistic view.  Plan for the worst scenario and if a better one comes along, take it.”
“That’s a good strategy,” the chief nodded his head.
“What of the healer?” Dovlo asked Barnabas.  Barnabas looked quizzically between the chief and the healer.
“What of her?” Barnabas asked.
“We were wondering if you would allow her to go with you, Barnabas,” the chief said, quietly so that only Barnabas and Dovlo could hear him.
“Do you wish for her to leave?” Barnabas asked, slightly confused by the request.
“Not necessarily,” the chief said.  “At least not in the sense that she is a nuisance.  She’s been a great help to this village and has earned our trust.  But we can not help but notice that she is not happy.  It’s a natural thing for humans and moels.  We do not do well together for long periods of time.  Even if she remained friendly with us for the rest of her life she would not be happy here.   We see it every day.  You and your companions can offer her more for her talents.  She can go experience life, and learn that not all of humanity is like the people who cast her out to us.”
“I agree with you,” Barnabas said, “And we could probably use her companionship, not to mention her healing powers.  But this is a decision she has to make herself.  If she would like to go with us, she is more than welcome, but I will not drag her along.”
“We understand,” Dovlo said, his father nodding in agreement.
“I will talk with her after the feast,” Barnabas promised, taking a sip of brandy.
The feast soon turned into a party, helped along by Pergory who, under the influence of moel ale, pulled out his lute and began playing.  Soon he was joined by a few of the tribesmen each with their own instruments, and everyone was dancing.  Clair asked Barnabas for a dance, and the pair looked very awkard as Barnabas had to hold her up.  After a few hours, all of the ale allotted for the party had been drunk and the older members of the crowd had long since departed for sleep.  Barnabas, who realized that he would have to wake early to get back on the path for Ruoth, decided that he and his motley crew should also be getting some sleep.  He called to Pergory and Clair and they departed with Darcie to the stable.
Barnabas woke the next morning with a splitting headache.  The ale and the brandy had hit him harder than he realized.  He shook his head slowly in an effort to stop it from swimming, which only made it throb worse.  Groaning, he made the bed he had slept in and went to find a place to relieve himself.  The gnomes had developed a system of indoor plumbing, but that didn’t stretch to remote places like this.  The outhouse outside the stable was much too small for him, so he made his way into the Maelbog just so that he was out of sight.
He returned, his head slightly clearer, thinking about what he needed to do that morning before he set off again.  The first thing that came to his mind was securing a way across the Goryyun Sea.  He began racking his brains, he didn’t trust anyone well enough in Roger’s Skull to not turn him into the Empire, and he was most likely a wanted felon amongst the empire now.  He cursed himself for not securing a way back across the border with Martin Crownshed, the port master of Bolst, before leaving Ruoth.  He strained his head thinking of what he could do to get a hold of Martin.  Realizing that the chief of the village had means of communication with his tribesmen outside the Maelbog, Barnabas decided to ask for assistance.
“Well we usually use fowl,” the chief said, after Barnabas had woken him (Barnabas rose much earlier than the rest of the village), “Messenger birds and the like.  But it sounds like you need this message delivered immediately, and a bird would take several days just to reach its destination, let alone the return journey.”
“I had already dismissed that possibility,” Barnabas said, “Is there no other way?”
“Well actually,” the chief grinned, “Our friend, the healer, is pretty good at doing simple messages.  It’s not so far away from the healing branch of the Great Tree of Magic that so long as you only need to contact one person, with a simple message…she should be able to help you.”
“I suppose that’s worth a look-in,” Barnabas asked, “But unfortunately the message isn’t going to be simple.  I’m going to have to think of a way to word this to stress the urgency without causing her harm.  That’s not going to be easy.”
“Well you are welcome to stay here as long as you need to,” the chief said, “If you can’t think of a way to get the message sent without causing her grief, then just wait for the messenger fowls.”
“Fowls can be intercepted,” Barnabas replied, “And the empire probably has a good idea of where I’m hiding.  If we wait too long we are risking them finding your settlement.”
“I honestly hadn’t thought of that,” the chief said, looking slightly worried.
“Don’t fret,” Barnabas replied, “It’ll be risky…for me, not you, but with the right planning I’m fairly positive I can make sure we get across the sea, while you remain inconspicuous.  There’s only one thing left to do now, and that’s convince Darcie to come with us.”
“Convince her?” The chief asked, “I thought you were going to let her choose for herself?”
“She will,” Barnabas replied, “But the plan I’ve just come up with is going to kind of rely on her and her abilities, so I may have to do some convincing.”  He headed back to the stable to talk with her.  He made his way to the stable, where Darcie was sanitizing her healing room.
“You want me to come with you?” Darcie asked after Barnabas had explained his situation to her.  She was obviously shocked.  Pergory was rocking in a chair behind her, looking bemusedly from Barnabas to Darcie, clearly enjoying the conversation.  Clair had been missing all morning; Pergory had commented that she was tinkering in the blacksmith shop.
“Yes, I would like that,” Barnabas replied, “Our mission is dangerous and it would be nice to have your healing abilities on hand if things go not-so-according to plan.”
“The mission is dangerous,” she repeated in a slightly mocking tone, “Is that the compelling argument that is supposed to make me accept this proposal?”
“You would be paid a set amount,” Barnabas said, hoisting his purse out and showing her the contents of, “For the journey.  Any services that we require of you, whether it is healing or anything else that you can offer us will be bonuses.”
“Mercenary work sounds more to his style,” her voice taking a sour turn as she pointed at Pergory.
“I resent that,” Pergory said with a small laugh, “I avoid hard work whether it is mercenary or otherwise.”
“That would explain your being a bard,” she said, though not without hiding the smirk on her face.
“There’s more,” Barnabas continued seriously, “When we reach Ruoth, you can take up residence in the village of Eoru.  I live close to it, and it‘s in all senses my home.  Thanks to me, the people there are accustomed to strangeness.  Things outside what would be considered, ‘normal.’  People like you and me.  You would be accepted there, and could resume your practice as a healer.”
Darcie stared hard at him for a moment.  He could see a hint of desire behind her eyes.  She was very anxious for a chance at a normal life, amongst humans again, possibly desperate for it even.  But he also saw fear and doubt, lingering feelings from being cast out of her home town.
“They will accept you there,” Barnabas said again, “And treat you as a friend, and with time, as family.”
“I’ll need some time to think about that,” she said.
I guess that’s the best I can ask for, for now, Barnabas thought.  Then he said to her, “I would like to request something else from you.  Something that doesn’t require you to leave here.”
“That would be?” she asked.
“I need a message sent to the port master of Bolst in Ruoth,” Barnabas said, “Something simple to let him know we need transport across the sea.  I would need to hear his reply as well.”
“I see,” she said, suddenly becoming more business minded, “Well as you probably could guess that’s not my area of expertise.”
“I figured as much,” Barnabas replied, “Would you be able to send a message?”
“A short one, less than twenty words.  And if you’re looking for a reply then that would need to be about the same,” she answered.  “So understand that your message would have to explain that fact, as well as your intention…in twenty words.”
“Do you think you could make it twenty five?” Barnabas asked.
“I can try,” she said, “but I will cut it short if it’s too much.  I’m already disfigured; I won’t become addle minded as well.”
“Of course,” Barnabas said.  “I’ll need some time to figure out how I’m going to word this.  In that time, I want you to think about my proposition, because whether or not you come with us will factor into what my message will be.”
“I’ll have an answer for you,” she said quietly.  She exited the room, leaving Pergory and Barnabas in a somewhat awkward silence.
“Laid it on a bit thick, didn’t you?” Pergory finally asked.
“What do you mean?” Barnabas asked, though he was sure Pergory didn’t miss the intention in what Barnabas had told Darcie.
“You know what I mean, your efforts to get her to come with us,” Pergory said.  He wasn’t accusing Barnabas or reprimanding him, just stating a fact.
“We could use her talents,” Barnabas explained, “She has a lot to offer us on our coming journey, which may be much longer still than just heading back to Ruoth.  We could at least keep in contact with Martin Crownshed until we secure a ship.  But it will benefit her as well, to get her back amongst humans.”
“I agree,” Pergory replied, “But just make sure you don’t try to make it your choice instead of hers.  It won’t end well.”
“Duly noted,” Barnabas said, “That was my intention anyway.”  He walked over to a table and knelt next to it with a quill and a sheet of parchment and began wording his message to Crownshed.  After nearly half an hour, he had finished.
“Martin.  Barnabas the troll requires passage from Gathnad to Ruoth.  Depart from Roger’s Skull.  Please keep your reply brief, due to inexperienced messenger.”
“Short, to the point, and covers all the ground we need to,” Pergory commented on it from over Barnabas’ shoulder.  “Let’s hope she can send it.”
“Indeed,” Barnabas said, knocking on the wood table as he did so.  They exited the building, and found Darcie talking to the chief.
“We have the message, so whenever you’re able to give it a shot,” Barnabas told her.
“I’ll go prepare the spell,” she said, taking the message from him, “I’ll need to pack for the journey as well, I’ll have a bit of luggage if I’m going to be moving.”
“You’re coming with us?” Barnabas asked, “That’s wonderful news!”
“I just figured,” she said a bit hesitantly, “that this might be the only chance I have at regaining even a semblance of a normal life.”
“I know you won’t regret it,” Barnabas said.  “We’ll leave as soon as you’re ready to go.”
“Why don’t you join me,” Darcie said, gesturing towards the stable, “If I can relay the message for you, I’ll need you there to receive the reply.”
“All right, then,” Barnabas replied with a smile.  He turned to Pergory, “Maybe you should run to the blacksmith and inform Clair that we’ll be ready to leave soon.”
“Right,” Pergory answered, and limped off in the direction of the smith.
“I did the best I could for him,” Darcie said as she watched Pergory limping, “I thought I healed his leg perfectly.  I guess I might have made a mistake, though, if he’s still limping like that.”
“No, you did fine,” Barnabas explained, “He had a limp before the mammodile broke his leg.  He’s a bit of a mystery, one that I am enjoying the difficulty in figuring out.  You’ll see what I mean as we travel.  Ask him to tell you about the leviathan we killed crossing the sea.”
“That sounds very thrilling,” she said, and Barnabas recognized the look of admiration in her eyes.  They went back into the stable where Darcie prepared the incantation to send the message.  As she waved her arms, repeating Martin Crownshed’s name over and over, Barnabas was having doubts that she would be able to perform the task.  Suddenly, her eyes opened, and they appeared as windows.  Looking closely, Barnabas could see Martin’s office through them, and Martin looking out of them seemingly at him.
“Martin.  Barnabas the troll requires passage from Gathnad to Ruoth.  Depart from Roger’s Skull.  Please keep your reply brief, due to inexperienced messenger,” Darcie said.  Barnabas could only just see a look of slight surprise cross Martin’s face.  He rummaged through a schedule on his desk, before looking back through Darcie’s eyes.
“Barnabas,” Darcie’s mouth moved, but Martin’s voice and words came out, “A ship leaves Roger’s Skull in five days.  Best I can do.  They’ll be expecting you late in the morning.”  Suddenly Darcie’s head dropped.  Shaking it she looked back up and her eyes were normal again.
“How was that?” she asked, “Did it work?”
“It did,” Barnabas replied, “Thank you.  We’ll need to be in Roger’s Skull in five days time, at least by late morning.”
“Can we make it in that short of time?” Darcie asked.
“It will be a tiresome journey, but we should be able to get some rest on the ship,” Barnabas said, “Was the message very straining on you?”
“Not as much as I had imagined it would be,” she replied, “But in a sense, I was also expecting that.”
“What do you mean?” Barnabas asked, curious to the meaning of her conflicting ideas.
“Well when I have to make a guess, I always tend to be pessimistic towards the final goal,” she replied, “such as when I plan my food for the month.  I assume that I will have a shorter amount than what I know I will actually have, and therefore I always have a little extra in case of an emergency.  It’s the same principle.  I assumed there would be a great strain on myself to do it, worked out a quick plan on how to deal with that strain, and now that it’s less I know for sure I can get rested well enough before the journey.”
“That‘s how I think as well,” Barnabas said, admiring their similarity, “And you’ll want to be careful to remember that you do have that extra wiggle room, lest you starve yourself for no reason.”
“It’s happened before,” she said, laughing, “I made a note of my medical supplies using that system, and when the month was half over, I thought I’d run out because I’d forgotten I’d allotted for less than what I actually had.  I didn’t even think to check until I had an emergency that drove me to check my cupboards.  Imagine my surprise when I found not a bare cupboard, but a small surplus of herbs and bandages.”
Barnabas chuckled.  “We all have a bit of strangeness to us, and not speaking of the physical characteristics, either.”  They went back outside.  Pergory and Clair were nowhere to be seen.  “They must still be at the smith,” Barnabas commented, and they headed in that direction.  As they neared the smith, they could hear the clanging of metal; as well as voices which became more and more coherent as an argument the closer they were to the smith.
“Just hold it still, please!” Clair’s voice said, half exhausted and half exasperated.
“You make sure you don’t hit my hand again, and I’ll be able to hold it steady!” Pergory barked back, his voice slightly raspy; as if he had recently let out a howl of agony.
Barnabas and Darcie entered the smith and saw Pergory holding a metal rod, orange from the fire, over an anvil with a pair of heavy gloves protecting his skin from the heat.  Clair was swinging a large metal hammer, shaping the rod; though into what, Barnabas couldn’t tell.
“Oh, hello!” Clair said looking up as she swung the hammer distractedly.  Pergory only barely managed to move his hands out of the way of a blow that would have broken all of his fingers.
“Drastnir!” Pergory swore, “Watch what you’re doing!”
“Sorry!” Clair apologized, “Just distracted is all, hold onto it again, please.”  Pergory didn’t look enthusiastic about that idea.
“What are you making?” Barnabas asked.
“A spear,” Clair said, aiming carefully as she swung the hammer again.
“Is that the entire shaft?” Barnabas asked, looking at the rod.  It was shorter than the length of Pergory’s leg.
“Of course, the head is over by the mantle there,” she replied, nodding behind her.  The owner of the smith, whom Barnabas only just noticed due to the sight he was met with upon arriving, picked up the head and handed it to Barnabas.  He examined the head, noting that it, too, was smaller than he had expected.
“I take it you’re going to be using the spear?” Barnabas asked.
“Good guess,” Pergory replied, slightly sarcastically, “What gave it away?  The fact that it’s no bigger than a dinner knife?”
“Oh shut up,” Clair said, “He’s just cross because he doesn’t know any better than to not twitch his fingers when people are swinging heavy hammers around them.”
“Yes,” Pergory replied, “It’s either that, or I’m cross because someone in this room can’t aim a hammer.”
“Well bickering won’t get the job done,” Barnabas admonished them, hiding a laugh as he did so.  He always thought that most adults reverted to childlike behavior with the right provocation and this was a perfect example.
“She started it,” Pergory said, as if he knew what Barnabas was thinking.
“How much longer will you be?” Barnabas asked Clair.
“I just need to finish tempering the shaft and I might sharpen up the head some more…so about another hour.”  She replied.
“We don’t have a lot of time,” Barnabas said, “We need to be back in Roger’s Skull in four days, leaving the morning of the fifth.”
“That’s cutting it very close,” Pergory said.
“I understand, but it’s probably the best option we’re going to get.  Hurry up, the sooner we leave the better chances we have of making the deadline.”
“Right,” Clair said, smacking the shaft again.  Pergory, who was unprepared for this, was smacked in the face as the pole flew out of his gloved hands.
Barnabas left the smith (Darcie having stayed behind to mend Pergory’s bleeding nose) and found the chief.
“So your decision has been made?” the chief asked.
“We’ll depart within the hour and leave Roger’s Skull in five day’s time,” Barnabas replied, pulling out his pipe.  They began walking to the chief’s dwelling, where two chairs were positioned for the purpose of relaxing with a pipe in mouth.  They sat down and passed the pipe between them.
“This is one thing that I will always look forward to when you visit,” Forestar said as he let out a large drag.  “Your tobacco in Ruoth is fantastic.  We have to make by with some rather foul tasting swamp weeds here.”
“Why don’t I leave you with a pouch?” Barnabas asked.  “I have plenty extra; I could give you what I had allotted for the return journey, considering there won’t be much time to smoke until we get out of Gathnad.”
“I would appreciate that,” Forestar said, passing the pipe as he did so, “But to more pressing matters.  I have asked Dovlo to send some scouts to the northern edge of the swamp.  They’ll be back within half an hour to tell us the best route out of here to avoid detection.  I would advise the wisdom of leaving under the cover of darkness, but I understand that you can’t afford to waste the time.”
“So long as we can stick mostly to the random scatterings of trees between here and the port town during the daylight, we should be fine.  We can move at a faster pace at night.” Barnabas took another drag.  “I have been thinking on this whole mess of affairs.  Something still isn’t sitting right with me.”
“Oh?” Forestar asked, choking slightly on a drag that went down the wrong tube.
“Sunrath is not a fool,” Barnabas said, “Arrogant, maybe, but that’s practically a prerequisite of becoming the Emperor of Gathnad,” Forestar gave a small bark of laughter at this, “So is ferocity, though,” Barnabas added solemnly, “as well as strategizing and good battle tactics.  From what we’ve seen, we can only assume that the Empire will have a relatively unprecedented navy.  That’s enough to make a change in the global economy, maybe, but not enough to win a war.  Either he’s arrogant enough to think that it is, or he’s got something else up his sleeve.  Something we haven’t heard of or seen yet.”
“Probably wouldn’t hurt to plan for some contingencies then,” Forestar mused.
“Indeed,” Barnabas agreed, “I just have this gut-feeling that we aren’t seeing the full picture here.  Like there’s some other element or third party pulling the strings.  Maybe more than one.”
“Whatever the case may be,” Forestar said, tapping the pipe on the floor to remove the leftover ashes, “the first step will most wisely be to get back to Ruoth.  Possibly send voyeurs to Ugbae as well, let them in on the secret so they can prepare.”
“It’s about all we can do in this present climate,” Barnabas replied.  He was packing his pipe back into his satchel when the other members of his party arrived, Clair’s new spear reflecting what little sunlight could find its way through the trees.
“We’re ready to go,” Pergory said.
“Then let’s be gone, and quickly,” Barnabas said.  He turned and took Chief Forestar’s hand and shook it.  “Thank you again, old friend, for your hospitality.”
“Always a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Barnabas,” the chief said with a smile that made his flat face look oddly sinister, despite the warm tone of voice.
The rest of the village followed them as they made their way to the marsh.  Most of the moel were cheering and laughing, a proper send off to old and new friends, but stopped once they reached the village’s end.  A few of the tribal warriors were accompanying the group, so as to lead them to the edge of the Maelbog as quickly and safely as possible.  When Barnabas and company were a good distance from the village, they picked up their pace considerably, knowing that they didn’t have time to spare.  Clair was placed on Darcie’s back, allowing her to hug Darcie’s waist to remain seated.  This was considerably more convenient for the group, as Darcie’s horse-body was more than strong enough to hold Clair without hindering her ability to use her arms.  It also kept Barnabas free to hold his weapon at the ready in case of an attack of any kind.
But none came; they made their way to the end of the bog in a matter of hours, a fraction of the time it would have taken them if they had not had help from the moel.  The outskirts of the marsh could be seen when suddenly one of the warriors stopped the group.
“Wait here,” he whispered in Moeller.  He made a strange call that Barnabas recognized as a fowl native to the swamp, but preferred the middle of the swamp to the edge due to its diet.  The call was answered from a ways ahead of them.
“It is safe,” the warrior who had made the first call whispered, “You must hurry!”  They ran to the edge where they found a small group of moel warriors, led by Dovlo.
“The last patrol of Gathnad soldiers went by here not but ten minutes ago,” Dovlo told Barnabas as they approached the bog’s edge.  “They were very great in number, far more than normally patrol the swamp.  They are looking for you, undoubtedly.  The next troop won’t be here for an hour or two, if their pattern is consistent.  You’ll need to cover ground quickly to make sure you’re completely out of sight before the next troop arrives.”
“We will,” Barnabas replied, placing his hand on the moel’s shoulder.
“Stick to the hills.  Trust none that you may meet until you’re well outside Gathnad,” Dovlo said, “And even then always keep your guard up.”
“Thank you for your help,” Barnabas replied.  Dovlo patted him on the back and motioned for his warriors to follow him.  They retreated back into the swamp and before Barnabas had even time to marvel at their efficiency, they had melted into the foliage.  Smiling, Barnabas turned and began running.
Their journey was much different now from when they had left Gunther City.  They were still in an enormous hurry, that much was consistent, but now they were far more effective at covering ground.  Barnabas, with his immense strength, could pace himself considerably and be able to run for a day at a time before needing rest.  Pergory could almost match that.  When he did tire, Barnabas could carry Pergory over his shoulder, much like a sack of rocks, and still be considerably effective in his own pace.  Darcie’s transformed body was practically designed to run long distances without much tire.  Their fast pace was no more than a slow gallop for her and she would often run ahead to check the horizon for any possible signs of danger.  She wasn’t hindered in the slightest with Clair on her back, and could even carry Barnabas’ satchel when Barnabas had to carry Pergory on his back.  They ran for two days straight without so much as stopping for more than a half hour so Barnabas could get his wind, which occurred at the end of the first day.
Within three days they found themselves around a mile outside of Roger’s Skull, a good two days before their departure.
“This is an ideal situation,” Barnabas said, as he threw boulders aside.  They were positioned in the middle of a small group of very rocky hills, perfect for hiding because of the many exits it had as well as nooks and crannies that they could squeeze into if a patrol of troops investigated the area.  Barnabas had found a cave that had been buried beneath a small rockslide a long time ago and was making the entrance accessible.  “It allows us a day to rest our limbs and plan a strategy.”
“Well I figured we’re going to need to sneak in under the cover of darkness,” Pergory replied as he picked at a fish skeleton he had recently stripped bare, “Our little group here will tend to stick out in the more social environments in Gathnad.”
“So we wait until tomorrow night?” Darcie asked.
“Essentially we have no other choice but to make that particular move then,” Barnabas replied.  “But this is a game of strategy.  One where you can make a move at any time, which means as much as we plan we will need to think on our feet about this.  But a good plan always helps, and so here’s what I’ve come up with so far.  We,” he emphasized, pointing at himself, Clair, and Darcie in turn as he did so, “cannot enter the city visibly.  I am most definitely wanted, Darcie would attract attention, and Clair would be seized the moment any soldier got sight of her.  However Pergory here has an advantage that we do not.  He is human, and unless I am very much mistaken, completely unknown in this area.”
“So I go in and scout the scene,” Pergory mused as he flipped the fish bones into the campfire they had started, “Find out what we’re up against.”
“Exactly,” Barnabas replied, “For all we know, two hundred troops are in that harbor town right now waiting for me to waltz onto a ship.  There will undoubtedly be troops guarding the harbor, as Roger’s Skull is undoubtedly our most accessible way back into Ruoth.  It doesn’t take a modern Major-General to figure that out.”  He threw the last large rock blocking their entrance to the cave and leaned against the wall of the hill.  Sitting down he pulled his pipe out of his satchel.
“So what happens if we get caught?” Clair asked.  Barnabas did not miss the edge to her voice.
“Well, I’ll be completely honest with you,” Barnabas replied, “The troops are looking for me specifically.  Depending on how smart the Emperor is, he may also be looking for you.  Well, not you specifically,” he reiterated, “but he’ll have his troops looking for a gnome if he did find out that you went missing.  That’s unlikely though, considering what you told us about the situation.  If we were apprehended, I would disassociate myself from the rest of you.  Best case scenario is that we can keep Clair under wraps until we are safely on the ship.  If we can do that, but are still accosted, I will give myself up if I have to, leaving the job of getting Clair safely back to Ruoth in your hands.”
“We wouldn’t leave you behind,” Pergory said.  Barnabas tried to interject, but Pergory waved his hand, “Barnabas, Barnabas, Barnabas:  I would like my song to be a happy tune of a great adventurer, not an sorrowful lament about a martyr.  We won’t let you get hauled off.”
“Well then I’m going to need you to have a very detailed description of the town’s defenses when you return if you want to guarantee that outcome,” Barnabas said solemnly.
“Hey now,” Pergory replied, “Subtlety is my middle name, don’t you worry about a thing.  And lighten up will you?  We aren’t being eaten by mammodiles or leviathans here, we’re dealing with men.”
“Which are far more deadly adversaries,” Barnabas said.
“Your point is made,” Pergory admitted while picking at his teeth with a stray rib he plucked from the fish he had eaten.
They slept for a few hours before being woken up by the setting sun.  Barnabas had purposely found a cave facing the west so that when the sun reached a certain point the light would illuminate the cave and wake them.  Pergory prepared for his departure, and soon left the other three for the town.
“Will he be alright by himself?” Darcie asked while looking down the path that Pergory had just departed on.
“He has a knack for this sort of thing,” Barnabas answered, “I probably would still be in Gunther City working out a strategy if he hadn’t been with me to help.  He’ll be fine; the Empire does not know his name or face.  He’s actually the one with the advantage.  Besides, if we are very lucky, he will return with a better plan than what we currently have.”
They spent the time before Pergory returned resting, so as to be prepared for whatever outcome they were likely to face.  Barnabas was reading the book he had stolen from the Emperor’s library.  It was fascinating to read about the elves from the point of view of someone who had actually lived alongside them, as was obviously the case of the author.  The descriptions were very detailed, most of which were explained in a first person narrative, such as one excerpt that read, “I am continually amazed by the detailed designs in their armors and weapons.  It is as if they are more concerned about their appearances than their functionality.  But I cannot allow myself to be fooled, as many others have been, that the designs indicate a weakness.  This armor can deflect a battalion’s assault, and their swords can slice a mighty oak in twain as easily as if it were a single leaf.”  Half of the book was written in that narrative style, akin to a journal, and the other half was akin to the omniscient alignment of a history tome, whose purpose was to educate.
“What are you reading, Barnabas?” Clair asked, plopping down next to him.
“Oh just something I borrowed from Emperor Sunrath,” He chuckled, “It’s a history book written during the Great War and detailing it better than any I’ve read before.”
“It’s huge,” Clair said, staring at the thick tome.
“I suppose,” Barnabas said, flipping through the pages, “I’d wager there are over one thousand pages.”
“How long do you think it would take you to read it?” Darcie asked.
“Well that depends,” Barnabas replied, “Most of it is written in the human language.  There are spots of Dwarfen, no Gnomish that I’ve come across, but there is a lot of what I would assume is Elvish.  Enough that I could learn how to translate the language, I’d wager.”
“Translating a language is something that you consider a fun afternoon activity, eh?” Clair said with a playful tone.
“It intrigues me greatly,” Barnabas replied, “There is much we could learn from their lost culture.”
“The Empire is learning lots,” Clair said sullenly.  “Too bad they don’t think like you, though.  All they want to learn about is the elves’ war strategies.”
“Which is an odd concept in and of itself; considering neither their strategies, nor their weaponry won the war for them,” Barnabas said, noticing that he had stumbled on a new roadblock in his understanding of Gathnad’s motives.  Surely as they were developing new technology from the elves’ forgotten cities they remembered that fact.  Hadn’t Sunrath himself commented that technology wouldn’t win a war?  So why were they so determined to harness it?
After doing everything they could think of to prepare for their coming mission, the three began to play a word game.  Barnabas had learned how to play it on his first visit to the town of Bolst.  It starts by someone saying a word.  Then the person to their left has to say a word that either starts with the same letter, or is directly related to the first word.  Barnabas started it off with the word, “carrot.”  Clair responded with, “vegetable.”  Darcie then said, “vagabond”, which prompted Barnabas to say, “thief.”  The goal was to see how long they could keep a chain of words going before someone couldn’t think of a reply.  You couldn’t use the same word twice, even if someone else had said it.  If you couldn’t think of a word, or you said a word twice, you were out of the game.  The last person was the winner.  It wasn’t quite as much fun with only three people, but it helped pass the time.
“Turncoat,” Barnabas said, in response to Darcie’s, “Traitor.”
“PERGORY!” Clair suddenly exclaimed.
“Well, I hope not,” Barnabas said, and then understanding her meaning, turned around to see the man running to their hiding spot.  He seemed very out of breath, as though he had sprinted the whole way.  He skidded to a stop in front of them, kicking up a bit of dust.
“Hurry with me,” he said between breaths, “We don’t have a lot of time.”
“You have a plan then?” Barnabas asked.
“Only if we hurry and quit asking questions!” Pergory said.  They quickly packed their belongings and started running in the direction of the harbor.
“I found a way to sneak everyone in,” Pergory replied, “Right under the guards’ noses.”
“How many guards’ noses are you referring to?” Darcie asked skeptically.
“Nearly one hundred in the open,” Pergory replied, as he deftly leapt over a log.  “But there are many more tucked away in the alleys and pubs and other hiding spots that would be just big enough for a troll to hide in.”
“So how the heck are we all going to get past them?” Clair asked.
“Have you ever heard of the Wine Cask Ploy?” Pergory asked.
“Oho!” Barnabas exclaimed, “Deception!  I like it!”
“I’m missing something here,” Clair asked, as she perched on Darcie’s back, “What’s the Wine Cask Ploy?”
“In the first territorial squabbles after the Great War, when mankind was fighting for ownership of the land in the desert on the western continent, one group of insurgents snuck into the castle of the then current ruler, hidden in half filled wine casks,” Darcie explained, and everyone was listening to Darcie’s explanation intently, so she continued, “It would have been ingeniously effective, but the insurgents were all drunk and were discovered immediately.”
“So what’s the plan then?” Barnabas asked?
“We’re going to be shipped to Ruoth in wine casks,” Pergory said, “Well, you three are.  As the only completely human member of the group, I don’t need to hide, remember?  I’ll be the one signing papers and stuff to get you all on the ship.”
“We’re actually pulling a wine cask ploy…with wine casks?” Darcie asked exasperatedly.  “That’s the most obvious thing I’ve ever heard!  No one’s going to fall for that!”
“On the contrary!” Barnabas said with a laugh, “It’s more likely that they will fall for it!  The story is so commonplace and humorous that no one would ever suspect anyone of actually attempting it!  It’s genius!”
“You really think it’s going to work?” Clair asked.
“Well it’s probably the best bet we have!”
“Why do all of your plans involve hiding in something?” Clair directed her question at Pergory.
“I am unashamedly a scoundrel and a truant.  Hiding is like walking to me,” he answered, giving Barnabas a chuckle.  “All right,” Pergory said in a much more serious tone, “I’m going to give you the rundown first.  We’re going to meet the ships’ crew right outside town.  There’s a little spot that’s just invisible to the town, not too far out.  With the darkness on our side, we shouldn’t have to worry about being spotted.  They’ve got four casks waiting out there.  The casks were being delivered to the town, and I was just lucky enough to stop them before they got there.  You three will hide in the third and fourth casks…”
“Why not the other two,” Clair asked.
“Two reasons,” Pergory replied, “One:  You’re too small.  We can’t risk emptying the casks.  It’s a deep red wine, so if we get stopped and someone decides to take a look inside, you can duck your heads under the wine for a few seconds, and they won’t be able to see you.  If Clair is standing on Darcie’s back, she shouldn’t have any trouble keeping her head above the wine so she doesn’t drown.
“Two: The guards will undoubtedly check the casks.  But they may only check the first one or the first two.  The guards haven’t been informed why capturing Barnabas is important.  They think he’s just some random fugitive.  There isn’t even a reward for his capture.  In short, the guards haven’t been given a strong reason to be thorough with their search.  This is obviously to our advantage.  If we’re lucky, they’ll be too lazy to check all four casks.”
“Well that may just be the most fail-safe plan we’re going to get,” Barnabas replied, “Here’s hoping it goes as smoothly as our escape from Gunther City.”
“Indeed,” Pergory replied.
They ran for almost half an hour, the city lights could be seen clearly, though they were still shrouded in darkness.  There were enough clouds in the sky to blot out the moon and starlight, leaving them perfectly covered.  Pergory forked left about three hundred yards from the harbor town.  Barnabas inhaled deeply and could pick up traces of the sea on the air, leaving him with a sense of dread that he often associated with traveling by ship.  There was a small valley directly in front of them, not so deep that the walls were steep, but deep enough that the four enormous casks and the enormous men who would be lugging them around were hidden from view from the town, even during daylight.
“Barnabas!” One of the men whispered excitedly when they approached, “Good to see you again, troll!”  Barnabas recognized the voice, and soon the face behind it as well as the other faces in the valley.  They had been on the ship that had brought them to Gathnad in the first place.
“Mericole!” he whispered back, taking the man’s hand when he was close enough, “I wasn’t informed it was you who we would be traveling with!”
“There wasn’t time to explain that,” Pergory said.
“So did you go over the plan, Feng?” one of the men in the back grunted.
“I did,” Pergory replied.
“Well let’s not waste any time then.  Come on you three…” he stopped when he saw Darcie.  “That’s going to be a bit of a problem,” he said as he looked her over.
“What’s going to be a problem?” she asked.
“Getting you into the cask, centaur,” he said, “You see, we’ve rigged these barrels with a hinge that opens the top up.  Not unordinary, so we won’t get stopped for suspicion…but it’s the only way we can get you in the cask without spilling the wine.  We were expecting you to be able to climb up there.”
“Oh,” Darcie said timidly.  She obviously didn’t like the idea of being grabbed by a bunch of strange men.
“We’ll be extra careful, but the only way we’re going to get you in there is if all of us help out.  Heck, Barnabas could probably do it himself, d’ya mind, big guy?”  The man asked.
“I don’t,” Barnabas replied.  “I’ll be careful,” he told Darcie.
“That would be appreciated,” She said, and then added waspishly, “and watch your hands.”
“You’re mistaking me for Pergory,” Barnabas said as he scooped her up in his arms the way a man would carry a newborn foal.  She wrapped her arms around his right arm as he climbed up the edge of the valley.  The cask was positioned along the edge so they had an easier access to the hinges, and it wouldn’t be as cumbersome to climb in.
“I’m going to have to jump the gap,” Barnabas told Darcie, “It’s too far for me to reach.”  Darcie screwed her eyes shut, which was Barnabas’ indication to go ahead and jump.  He only barely cleared the distance, and nearly lost his balance on the rounded top of the enormous cask.  Upon steadying himself, he started lowering Darcie into the cask.
“Wait…” she said weakly.  She leaned over the edge and vomited, leaving a trail of sick down the cask.  “Sorry…” she said, “I don’t do well with heights…or wobbly landings, I guess.  I didn’t want to get sick in the wine.”
“I wouldn’t have worried about it,” Barnabas said as he lowered her into the cask.  He could hear the wine sloshing as her feet searched out the bottom.  The splashing was deep in tone, indicating the high level at which the casks were filled.  “The wine will be no good once we’ve been standing in it, anyway.”
“I know that,” Darcie said, “But I didn’t feel like standing in my own vomit, either.”
“Oh,” Barnabas chuckled, “Of course.”  He reached down the side and grabbed Clair out of Pergory’s outstretched arms and lowered her onto Darcie’s back.  Standing up, Clair barely had enough of her head out of the wine.  “Be careful,” Barnabas said to her.  “Be wary to the sloshing of the wine, or you’ll take a breath just as the level rises.”
“All right!” her voice echoed eerily.
Barnabas hopped across to the second flask, a much more graceful leap due to his ability to use his arms to balance himself.  Lowering himself into the flask, he realized that he would have a harder time remaining concealed.  His body mass alone nearly raised the wine level to the top of the flask, leaving little to no air.
One of the crewmembers seemed to read his mind as he called through the side of the flask, “There’s a bunch of holes at the top to ensure you’re getting fresh air, so don’t worry.  Just keep your knees bent so you’ll absorb any bumps and not fall over and we’ll be on the ship in no time.”
Barnabas could hear the men talking amongst themselves as they harnessed the casks to the animals hauling the cargo.  His alcoholic prison was thick enough that he couldn’t make out their words, but soon he felt the floor underneath him jolt as the convoy started moving.  He nearly lost his balance, and silently hoped that Darcie and Clair had managed to keep theirs as he felt the convoy turn sharply and start ascending the valley.  They traveled at a relatively slow pace; understandable, considering the wine was not due until the next day.  It worked to their favor as it did not arouse suspicion.  As they neared the town, Barnabas silently wished that their transport offered him some visibility.  He did not enjoy being caught unawares, as would be the case if they were discovered.  After what seemed like forever, he could hear the voices and sounds of town life.  They had reached the gates.
The convoy stopped.  He heard an unfamiliar voice, and could barely make out what it said.
“What’s yer purpose?” a reedy voice asked.
“Just hauling some cargo into the port.  Getting shipped out tomorrow,” came the reply.
“Oh?  And what exactly defines, ‘cargo?’” the reedy voice asked suspiciously.
“Just a shipment of wine being exported to Ruoth,” the crewman answered, “Standard delivery.”
“Well we have a new, standard,” the reedy voice said, putting emphasis on the word.  Barnabas heard the clank of armor move closer to the cask.  The interrogator was a soldier.  “We inspect all cargo in and out of the town.”
“Well go ahead,” the crewman answered, “So long as you don’t expose the wine to air too long or stick anything in it.  We gotta keep it clean for the buyer, you know.”
“Of course, of course,” the reedy voiced guard dismissed him.  Barnabas heard the creak of the first cask being opened.  He heard a splashing sound, and then one of the crewmen shout.
“’EY! You’re tol’ to keep yer dirty swor’ outta there, so do it, please!”
“Just checking,” the guard said with a laugh, “And I won’t be taking orders from the likes of you, anyhow.”  Barnabas was strongly reminded of the soldiers he and Pergory had killed in the tavern.  It appeared the Empire gave all of their soldiers a misguided sense of superiority when it gave them their armor.
The second cask was checked, though the guard didn’t stick his sword in it, or at least Barnabas didn’t hear it.  The third cask held Clair and Darcie.  Barnabas held his breath as he heard the lid open.  He was almost anticipating a shout from the guard as he discovered the inhabitants, but none came.  The lid squeaked shut and Barnabas prepared himself.  He heard the dull thunk of what must have been a ladder, and the clanking footsteps of the armored man climbing it.  Barnabas quickly (but not so quickly that he would leave telltale ripples) sank as low as he could manage into the wine.
He nearly let out the air he had stored up as he heard the man’s sword swishing through the wine around him.  Forcing himself to sink even lower, he felt the sword pass through his hair.   He heard the strangely loud clunking sound of the lid shutting and the man climbing down his ladder.  Feeling relieved, Barnabas surfaced and slowly, quietly started gathering his breath.
“…sure you go straight to the harbor then.  We have eyes all over town.  Any funny business and you’ll be wearing a thick scarf in the town square, understood?” he heard the guard say as he surfaced.
“Yes sir,” the crewman replied.
“Off with you, then,” the guard said.  Barnabas felt the convoy move.  We made it! He thought.  He almost couldn’t believe that the ploy had worked.  He nearly started whistling his content but stopped himself.  He tried to think about the task coming and realized he couldn’t stay focused on it.
“What an interesting development,” he mused quietly, “I know I haven’t drank any of the wine, yet I seem to be getting drunk all the same.  I wonder if it’s the fumes in the air?”  As he pondered this strange development, he decided he would recreate the circumstances once he was safely back home in his castle.  He would buy a cask of Boris Myrrth’s finest vodka and soak in a tub and recreate the scenario.  Then he began worrying about Clair and Darcie.  Where they getting drunk as well?  He knew they would have a far weaker tolerance than he had.
Soon they began climbing an incline that Barnabas supposed was the ramp onto the ship.  He could feel the small jolts of the casks being rolled over planks.  Hearing small booms of a door closing, he looked up to see the lid of his cask being opened.  Climbing out, he stumbled out and fell to the ground.
“Are you ok?” Pergory asked, unable to hide the laugh in his voice.
“Li’l drunk’s all,” Barnabas slurred, unsteadily getting to his feet.
“Well pull yourself together; we need your help getting Darcie out.”  Barnabas gave a small belch as he climbed the side of the third cask.  Reaching in, he grabbed around until he found Clair.  Grabbing her shirt, he yanked her out and handed her limp form to Pergory, who checked her over.
“She’s passed out,” Pergory replied, “Were you all drinking the wine?” he asked laughing.
“No,” Barnabas replied, the effort it was taking to lift Darcie out of the cask combined with the sharp metal edge of the opening doing wonders towards sobering him up, “I don’t really understand it, but I think we were getting drunk just breathing in the heavy fumes or something to that extent.”
Darcie was laughing as Barnabas carefully lowered her to the ground, “I can’ believe that worked!” she said, snorting with laughter.  She held her hand to her face and blushed as all the men laughed at her.
“Well then,” A familiar voice called out, “I suppose now that we have our cargo we might as well head out a little early, what say you men?”
“Aye, captain!” the crew called out.
“Good to see you again, troll!” the captain said happily as he made his way through the crowd that was scurrying to prepare for their departure.
“’N good to see you,” Barnabas said, his mind still recovering from the alcohol.
“Quite a turnaround, wouldn’t you say?” Pergory asked.
“Wuzzat?” Barnabas asked, turning to face him.
“Well, you’re the one stumbling around drunk and I’m the sober negotiator,” Pergory explained.  The captain laughed and slapped Pergory on the back.
“Well it’s good to see you both,” the captain said as they walked towards a wall.  “No offense meant, but we’re going to store the four of you in here until we’re well out of eyesight of this eyesore.  No sense in taking any risks.”
“’sallright,” Barnabas slurred the words together, “We’ve had a hard journey as it were…could use some rest.”
“And some time to sober up, by the looks of it,” The captain laughed.  We’ll talk more in the morning, get some sleep.”  He opened up a compartment in the wall, showcasing a small room that was going to be very uncomfortable for four people to be sleeping in.  Especially when one of them was a ten foot troll.
“I suppose I wouldn’t need to hide,” Pergory remarked, “Given as I’m neither conspicuous here nor drunk.”
“Probably be a more comfortable fit,” the captain agreed, “You can help us depart.”  Pergory groaned slightly at the implication, but didn’t hesitate to head towards the deck.  The captain grinned at Barnabas, “Here’s to a terrible hangover, eh?”
“Undoubtedly,” Barnabas replied, returning the grin as he did so.  The captain followed Pergory to the deck, leaving Barnabas and Darcie to figure out how to stuff themselves and Clair into the little room.
Barnabas stumbled into the little hole in the wall and scrunched himself up as tightly as he could, barely leaving any room for Darcie, who looked slightly uncomfortable as she tucked her feet under her and draped her human body across Barnabas’ knees, using her arms as a pillow.  Clair was handed off to Barnabas and he put her on his chest.  And despite the severely uncomfortable situation, Barnabas soon found himself drifting to sleep.

Chapter 9
Homecoming


Barnabas awoke with a slight headache.  He thought dimly for a moment about how the morning after a night of wine drinking was never a pleasant one.  Apparantly, he thought as he rubbed his throbbing temples, soaking in it doesn’t make for a more pleasant experience.  Soon thereafter he was reminded of where he was by pain in his legs that far outweighed the one in his head.  Looking down, he saw the cause of his horrible cramps.  He was still jammed in the little hidden room underneath the ship’s deck.  Darcie was fast asleep with her human half still sprawled over his thighs and Clair was nestled on his chest.  He wasn’t sure if he wanted to wake them, but at the same time he wasn’t sure how much longer he could remain there now that he was conscious to the pain in his body.
“Darcie,” he said, his head stung with the word.  She shook awake and looked over at him.
“Barn…aaaaahbas?” She replied dazily through a yawn.  She pulled herself off of his knees and glanced around.  “We…made it on the ship?  That’s good!”
“You don’t remember?” Barnabas inquired.
“I remember getting into the cask, but along the way to town we started getting drunk.  Clair passed out before we were even halfway there.  She’s going to be really sick when she wakes up.  I’m going to be sick, now that I think about it…” she looked slightly green, and as if to clarify her assumption, the ship rocked suddenly.  This caused her to turn even paler.
“Well for starters, let’s see about getting out of this cupboard,” Barnabas suggested.  Darcie twisted around and prised open the door concealed in the wall.  From the inside, it was marked quite clearly so any inhabitants wouldn’t be confused.
They wiggled and twisted their way out of the small room, careful not to wake Clair upon Barnabas’ request.
“She’s going to need all the rest she can get,” he said as he bent himself in half through the doorway, “Her body needs some more time to purge the alcohol.”
“So does mine, but it’s too late now,” Darcie replied.
“So aside from being both sea sick and wine sick,” Barnabas asked, “What are your views on the journey so far?”
“We should talk later,” Darcie replied, “I’m going to find a room for me and Clair…I just feel if my mouth remains open for too much longer I’m going to be sick.”
“Might be best to let it happen,” Barnabas said, “If you purge it you’ll feel better sooner.”
“That’s your view,” she said while grabbing Clair from his arms.  She slowly walked away to a door that was ajar, where beds and cots were visible on the inside.  Barnabas chuckled and decided to take a peek above deck.
Raising the trap door a few inches he poked his head out so as to get a view of the horizon.  Seeing nothing but sea in any direction, he climbed onto the deck, and was greeted warmly by the crew.
“Finally up and about?” the captain asked.  He walked over and shook Barnabas’ hand vigorously.  “Let’s head to my quarters and catch up on a few things.”
“Of course,” Barnabas replied.  He followed the captain into the navigation room, which doubled as the captain’s lodgings.  Pergory was sitting at the table, perusing the maps.
“Ah!” he said seeing them walk through the door, “I was wondering when you’d rejoin us!  You’ve been out for nearly eight hours, you know.”
“Indeed, have you slept at all since getting on the ship?” Barnabas asked.
“Not yet,” Pergory answered raising an eyebrow.
“That would put you at about four hours in the last twenty four.  You seem to be managing well enough, though,” Barnabas noted.  Pergory gave him a sly look.
“Too exciting around here,” he answered, “can’t sit still long enough to feel tired, now can I?”
“Well anyway,” the captain interrupted the duo, “I take it your mission was a success?”
“A success in the fact that we accomplished our original goals,” Barnabas replied, “But an utter failure on the whole.”
“I don’t understand,” the captain remarked, looking confusedly between Barnabas and Pergory.
“Well we went to Gathnad with the intention of either confirming or denying the Empire’s rumored war motives.  We accomplished that goal with a confirmation, rather than a denial,” Pergory answered.  The captain’s eyes grew wide as saucers at this news.  “What we failed to do, however, was free the enslaved race of gnomes that reside in the castle’s dungeon.  We, again, failed to decipher the manner in which the empire believes it can win their war.  We also failed to make our escape unnoticed.”
“Well when you say it like that you make it sound like we accomplished nothing,” Barnabas said to Pergory.
“I’m the negative one, this is the part where you’re supposed to jump in and list all of our accomplishments,” Pergory replied, gesturing his arm to say that Barnabas now had the floor.
“Well alright then,” Barnabas replied with a small chuckle, “We did manage to rescue one gnome at least, to bear witness to King Ruothenak.  We fought and killed a massive mammodile in the Maelbog, and we met our healer friend who agreed to accompany us back into Ruoth.”
“The centaur?” the captain asked suspiciously, “Not sure how you trust her to perform magic on you when she messed it up so bad on herself.”
“She wasn’t the cause of her unfortunate shape,” Barnabas rebuked the captain.  “A deranged man cursed her into that form, and she has suffered greatly for it.  We took her in as a gesture of kindness, as well as we knew we could use her considerable talents as a healer.”
“She’s going to have a hard time of it,” the captain replied, “The boys are all a bit suspicious of her.”
“They’ll come around,” Barnabas replied, “I’m living proof that people can look past what they see and get over their initial hatreds.”
“Oh without a doubt, without a doubt,” the captain replied, “But I’ll bet my copper tooth that you still get skirted around in the streets from time to time, am I wrong?”
“I suppose not,” Barnabas answered solemnly.
“I have a question, to change this touchy subject,” Pergory interjected, “What becomes of the wine that my friends were bathing in last night?”
“Hoping you might keep some of it for yourself?” the captain asked.
“Well that’s part of it, the other part is simply curiosity,” Pergory admitted unashamedly.
“We’re selling it,” the captain replied.  “The buyer is a good-for-nothing vagabond who’ll weasel his way out of paying the full price for the wine no matter how good of condition it’s in.  He ain’t ever going to know anyone’s been sitting in the wine and it’ll give me a certain bit of satisfaction to know he’s drinking wine that a sweaty troll bathed in.”  Barnabas and Pergory laughed at that, and they left the cabin to help the crew with the maintaining of the ship.
The trip back to Ruoth was considerably different than the journey to Gathnad.  Pergory explained that it was their karma.  As he said to Barnabas, “The whole trip has been one nightmare after another, so it’s about time we had something go right.”  Barnabas couldn’t help but agree.  The week’s journey was considerably lighter in mood than the original.  It didn’t take long for the crew to look past Darcie’s appearance and approach her.  After listening to her story, they all began making vows to find the person who transformed her and slit his throat.  She became very flushed whenever the men would seek her out, not used to the kind of attention they were giving her.
“They’re just lonely men who spend too much time at sea,” was the captain’s explanation to Barnabas as they watched a small line of crewmembers follow her around, engaging her in conversation.
Upon recovering from her drunkenness, Clair soon found a bit of a niche on the ship.  As someone with a very technological mind, she began fixing all of the little problems with the ship.  It began when she noticed a problem with the rudder chains.
“Yeah, they’ve been sticking for the last three weeks,” the captain told her when she brought it up to him, “We had a man in Bolst check’er out, but he didn’t find anything.”
“That’s because he’s a complete idiot,” Clair remarked as she stared over the ship’s edge.  “It doesn’t take a modern admiral, or however that goes, to see that there’s something stuck in the chains themselves.  I’ll bet he only looked at the mechanisms that haul the chains up and down.”
“You can fix them, then?” the captain asked her.
“In the blink of an eye,” she said, scuttling down the chain like a crab across the sand.  She returned with a large scaly object; a giant hook, the edges serrated.
“That was caught in the chains,” she said, handing it to the captain.
“I’ll be damned,” the captain said, looking it over.  “It’s a claw off the leviathan’s back!”
“So you get a trophy after all!” Barnabas laughed as he examined the claw.
After fixing the chains, Clair became the go to person for the ships maintenance.  The captain was very pleased with the results.
“This ship is in better condition now than it was when I bought it,” he commented as he looked over all of Clair’s handiwork.
“Not surprising,” Clair replied, wiping sweat off her brow, “It was made by humans.”  To which everyone got a good laugh.
Pergory had secluded himself for much of the journey.  Aside from meals and helping on the deck, Barnabas rarely saw the man.  Over dinner on the third day of the trip, Barnabas asked Pergory what he was doing.
“Working on my song,” Pergory replied, “It’s really starting to be more of an epic poem rather than a song, though.  I have to write it down to remember it all.”
“I’d like to hear what you have so far,” Barnabas said after swallowing a mouthful of stew.
“Nope!” Pergory said happily, “At this point I want to keep it a secret until it’s finished.  I have a feeling that it will be much longer than anticipated, so you’ll just have to live in suspense!”
Barnabas chuckled and went back to his meal.
“Is everyone satisfied?” the cook asked, walking in.
“I think we’re fine here, Terry,” the captain answered, “Why don’t you make yourself a plate and join us?”
“So Barnabas,” the cabin boy called from across the table, “anything exciting happen on your trip?”
Barnabas regaled them with the tale of the mammodile attack.  The crew grunted and cursed as Barnabas described the beast, and gasped when he recalled Pergory being squished under the monstrosity.
“Yeh mus’ be made outta tougher stuff than ya’ look,” one of the crewmates directed to Pergory.
“Hide of an oliphaunt, heart of a lion,” Pergory replied while sipping his wine.
“How about you all, though?” Barnabas asked to no one in particular.  “Anything happen since we last met that’s worth a story?”
“Not particularly,” a crew member at the head of the table replied, “Cargo delivery isn’t normally as exotic of a job as it is when you accompany us.”
“I suppose not,” Darcie said.
“It’ll be interesting once we get back to shore,” replied a man whose leg was bandaged in a heavy splint.  Barnabas recognized him as the man who had broken his leg during the leviathan attack.  “Things are getting restless in all the port towns.”
“Oh?” Pergory asked, “Why’s that?”
“Just closing in on the spring months,” the man replied, “People wanting to get all of their cargo shipped before the seas become laiden with pirates and the price of hauling cargo goes up.  It’s great for business.”
The trip went as smoothly as Barnabas could have hoped it to go.  They arrived in Bolst a day earlier than anticipated, and were almost instantly greeted by Martin Crownshed.
“Good, good,” Martin said as he greeted them getting off of the boat.  “I was worried that maybe you hadn’t gotten my message, captain.”
“I was just about to go to sleep when it arrived,” the captain replied.
“Well it’s good to see you, Barnabas,” Martin said in a curt business-like manner.  His eyes scanned something behind Barnabas, and they became slightly cold.  “Ah…Feng.  I was hoping that we might have been well shut of you.”
Barnabas looked around and saw Pergory exiting the boat.  He was wearing a mischievous grin on his face as he saw Martin.
“Now Martin, you know you missed me,” Pergory replied.  Martin did not smile.
“I can’t say that I did,” Martin countered.
“How’s Isabelle?” Pergory asked.
“Rather upset with you,” Martin replied, “Seems to think that someone who told her he loves her should try and be around more.”
“She and I have discussed our relationship,” Pergory replied, and Barnabas couldn’t help notice that his tone had changed from playful to dead serious, with possibly a twinge of remorse in it somewhere, “She knows that I never wanted a serious commitment, and she knew so when we spent our night together.”
“But she’s young,” Martin replied.  “She cannot help her feelings for you.  I’m not happy with you Feng, not in the slightest.  But you’re the only person she’s going to listen to at this point.  If what you say is true, and you were not looking for a commitment with her, then you need to explain it again to her.”
“I will,” Pergory replied, the remorse in his voice more pronounced now.
As Barnabas helped unload the wine casks with Pergory, just minutes after this conversation occurred, he noticed that the man did not show any sign of the pain that Barnabas clearly heard in his voice.  “But which is the act?” Barnabas asked himself.  Either Pergory was honestly remorseful about leading Isabelle Crownshed on, and is playacting the charming vagabond…or he’s the charming vagabond playacting the remorse so as to get out of Martin Crownshed’s line of fire unharmed.  Deciding to keep a closer tab on Pergory’s personality fluxes, Barnabas led his makeshift group into Bolst.
The first place they stopped was Paul’s house.  He was ecstatic to see them alive and well.
“I feared the worst!” the old dwarf exclaimed, “We hadn’t heard anything from you, no letters!  Did you forget how to use a quill?  And Feng!” he added before Barnabas had a chance to answer, “This is where you’ve been this whole time?  We thought you skipped town due to Jordan and his cronies!”
“Hah!” Pergory laughed, “Jordan and his gang don’t frighten me any more than kittens do.”
“Who’re your new friends, Barnabas?”  Marion asked, indicating Darcie and Clair.
“I guess we could call them refugees,” Barnabas answered solemnly.
“Not sure what you mean,” Paul said.  “Are they criminals?”
“I’m sure Clair here is,” Barnabas said, nodding to his right, where Clair was seated at the table.  It’ll be easier if I explain the whole story, but I’d only like to do it once, so we’d better head over to Janet’s bakery.”
As they left Paul’s house (which also doubled as his shop), Paul put a sign on the door that read, “Closed.”  They made their way to Janet’ bakery, and along the way they passed Jordan and his gang.  They looked threateningly at Pergory, but didn’t dare make a move while Barnabas was with them.  Pergory chuckled at the looks on their faces as they passed.
“They seem delighted to see you,” Barnabas said with faux cheer, “Perhaps we’ll meet up with them in the Piece tonight and we can chat about differences.”
“The only thing Jordan would want to chat with me about is my neck width,” Pergory replied, “Needs a good estimate for that noose he’s been dying to use.”
“They thought they’d scared you off,” Paul commented.  “’Course, so did the rest of us.  Everyone thought you skipped town.  There’re a lot of heartbroken ladies who’ll be delighted to see you.”
“That was your intention all along, wasn’t it?” Barnabas asked shrewdly.  Pergory laughed.
“While a wonderful idea, it may be,” Pergory replied, “And surely a cunning motive, no that was not something that crossed my mind when I followed you to Gathnad.”
“You really do have a terrible reputation, don’t you?” asked Darcie.
“It depends on your interpretation, I suppose.  I view my reputation as humorous,” Pergory replied.
They reached Janet’s bakery with no problems.  Janet and Mako Sr. were more than delighted to see Barnabas safe and sound and meet his new friends.
“Well Barnabas,” Mako Sr. said as he tottered over to shake hands with the troll, “seems like you found a few people to watch your back for you!”
“Although I’m not entirely sure I’d trust that one to do it,” Janet said, scowling at Pergory.
“A pleasure as always, Janet,” Pergory laughed.
“Don’t think for a moment your charms work on me, young man,” Janet’s brow furrowed deeper.  “I’m quite immune.”
“Janet caught the lad stealing pastries once,” Mako Sr. whispered to Barnabas, “She’d be beating him with a rolling pin if he hadn’t come in with you.”
“Well it’s a good thing he came in with me then, isn’t it?” Barnabas asked, but Janet heard him.
“Not necessarily,” she retorted with a snort.
“Are Mindy and Jolken here?” Barnabas asked.
“No, they’re at their house across town,” Mako Sr. replied.  “Baby’s a bit sick, they haven’t gotten a lot of sleep in the last few days.  Nothing serious, just a normal thing for a baby to get sick and be up all night.  I remember when Mindy was a baby…”
“We can talk about that later, dear,” Janet replied, cutting her husband off, “Tell us of your mission, Barnabas?  How was Gathnad?”
“Gathnad,” replied Barnabas, “Was ominous.”  He began telling their tale, aided by Pergory, Clair, and Darcie as he reached the points in the story where they each joined him.  Janet gasped and went pale when Barnabas and Pergory described the scene that transpired in the bar they had visited and the two soldiers they had killed there.  Mako Sr. nearly fell off his chair twice when Barnabas told how he accidentally infiltrated Gunther Castle, and both Paul and Mako Sr. applauded when they described the encounter with the mammodile.
“…and if you’ll believe it,” Barnabas said, “We managed to get back on the very ship we started out in.  Using a wine cask ploy with actual wine casks, no less!”
“A very thrilling tale,” Mako Sr. nodded his head in approval, “Yet it leaves you with more questions asked than you started out with, and very few of those questions answered.”
“If any of them,” Barnabas replied, taking a large mug offered to him by Janet.  It was filled with a sweet tea.
“So Clair, dear,” Janet asked her, “What are your plans now?”  The news of the gnomes’ predicament in Gathnad had obviously shocked her and her husband, and Barnabas heard a warm, motherly tone to Janet’s voice as she addressed the young gnome woman.
“Well I suppose I’ll accompany Barnabas to Ruothenak City,” Clair mused, “A fat lot of good that adventure would have been if I didn’t testify against Gathnad, now would it?  After that, I’m not too sure.  I don’t have much family in Ruoth and those that I do I’d rather not be acquainted with.”
“Well you’re welcome to stay with us after your business is taken care of,” Mako replied, his wife nodding her approval.
“Oh I couldn’t,” Clair blushed, apparently overcome by their hospitality.
“Nonsense,” Mako replied, “If your skills are as good as Barnabas says they are, you’ll be able to find yourself a job in this harbor in no time.  Before the year is up you’ll have yourself a home of your own.”
“I…” she stammered, “I’ll consider it.  Thank you, very much.”
“I think that’s a good idea, Clair,” Barnabas said, “You’ll be able to start over.”
“What about you, dear?” Janet asked Darcie, who looked slightly alarmed at being addressed so politely.
“Well, Barnabas offered me a place in Eoru…if they’ll have me, that is,” she replied hesitantly.
“Of course they will,” Marion replied, “Eoru’s just about the nicest town in Ruoth.  A great bunch of people.  A little backwater, maybe, but very pleasant.”
“I hope so,” Darcie said, “Most people aren’t so…kind…to people like me.”
“You’ll be just fine, I’m sure of it,” Janet said.
“Is no one wondering what my plans are from here on out?” Pergory asked.
“Does it involve being a lay-about and chasing skirts?” Janet snidely asked.
“Not at all!  I’m going to be following Barnabas to the big capitol so I can finish my song,” he answered, “I must see this adventure through to the end, of course!”
“And afterwards?” Barnabas asked, though he was sure that he already knew the answer.
“Probably something to do with being a lay-about and chasing skirts,” Pergory answered with a grin.  Janet smacked him with her rolling pin.
“Barnabas,” Mako Sr. nudged the troll, “A word in private?” He nodded toward the kitchen.  Barnabas nodded and followed him into the kitchen.  Paul and Pergory followed, which Mako seemed not to mind.
“What’s on your mind, Mako?” Barnabas asked.
“The gnome leader, the man called Jaken,” Mako said bitterly, “is my nephew.”
Barnabas was at a loss, had he known, he would have made a better effort to free more of the gnomes.
“I’m…I’m terribly sorry,” Barnabas said.
“You had no way of knowing,” Mako said, “Nor would you have had a better chance of rescuing him if you had.  Just promise me, son, that you will do all you can to free my people?  No creature, man, dwarf, gnome, or moel deserve to be enslaved like that.”
“I promise,” Barnabas said honestly.
“Good,” Mako said, “My nephew is like a son to me, it does me proud to hear he’s the leader of his clan.”  He nodded once, blinking away a tear and then tottered out of the room.
“I didn’t even know Mako had a brother, did you?” Paul directed his question to Barnabas.
“Never mentioned one to me,” Barnabas answered.
“Well maybe he doesn’t have one,” Pergory mused, “Maybe he has a sister.”
“It could be,” Paul said, “Poor fellow.  Ever since his age caught up with him, he’s always felt a little down.  He doesn’t say it, but he feels useless, you know.”
They left the bakery, saying their goodbyes as they did so.  Janet handed them a large basket of baked goods to take with them on the road.  Paul and Marion accompanied them to the outskirts of town.
“Be sure to write us after you talk to the King!” Paul said, “This is important stuff!  We need to know what’s happening!”
“As soon as I’ve left his chambers, I’ll begin drafting it,” Barnabas answered.
“Are you sure you wouldn’t want to stay the night?” Marion asked, “I’m sure Yarlie would be pleased to see you, and you could spend the night with us!”
“There’s probably not going to be enough room for all of us in your house,” Barnabas replied.  “Besides, I’m looking forward to camping without the fear of being assassinated in the middle of the night.”
“Well before we go,” Pergory commented rather coyly, “Maybe we should stock on provisions.”
After a quick trip to the Silver Piece, in which they rehashed their adventure for Yarlie again, they refilled Pergory’s flasks with Moel ale and Barnabas’ jug with vodka.  Pergory had half of a flask drank before they had even reached the edge of town, and was starting to act tipsy.  Barnabas chuckled to himself and thought that it was a decent end to the beginning of a friendship.
They traveled northeast, following the same path that Barnabas had taken when he struck out on his journey.  They were going at a much slower pace than ever before, not having to worry about Gathnadian troops appearing out of nowhere on patrol, or lurking swamp beasts, or very much anything at all.  Their overall mood was more than content, and the four companions were happily telling jokes, recalling life tales, and even singing songs (though there were few that all four of them collectively knew, and so had to take turns).
Before long, night had settled.  After Pergory, Darcie, and Clair had settled in (Pergory aided in this endeavor by a large helping of ale), Barnabas pulled out his lantern and the book he had taken from Emperor Sunrath’s library.  After flipping through many pages, he found where he had left off when Pergory had interrupted him in the library.
The book read, “The young elf, Havan Couris, ostracized from his peers, hated by those he was now forced to live among, disappeared from history.  Like his banished brethren, he went into hiding.  The newly formed Gathnadian Empire vowed to find him, however, and execute him.  An act they believed to be a partial payment of the elves to the debt owed from the war.  To the day of the writing of this book, however, Couris has remained enigmatic. Concealed by cunning or by magic, we may never be aware; but he was never caught.
“The Gathnadian Empire, lead by Emperor Gathnad, sought out the elven cities, hoping to gain any spoils left behind in the elves’ hasty retreat.  But the citys were mostly stripped bare long then.  Not trusting any of the technology he did find, Gathnad stripped what little treasures he could find and left the cities to decay…”
Barnabas stopped reading and flipped a few pages as the book began detailing events he already knew of.  The book was called the Hystory of the Elves, and that was what Barnabas was intrigued by.  Flipping back to the beginning of the book, he read a short paragraph.
“The Author of this book would like to state, that although this book details much information about the elves as he knew them, it does not begin to encompass their strange histories, nor their origins.  The elves are an ancient, long lived race whose beginnings transcend humanity’s by such a degree that we are unable to comprehend their beginnings.  Thus…”
Barnabas threw the book aside in frustration.  Aside from their physical appearance, diets, and war strategies; the book was as much a history tome of the elves as a children’s fairy tale book was.  It had little to no information about the elves that he didn’t already know or couldn’t have guessed.  The only interesting bit that he thought was worthwhile was the mention of their armors and technology, and of course of Havan Couris.  But now that he had studied those, he had no more reason to puruse a book that he knew the ending of.
“Can’t sleep?” Pergory asked.
Barnabas looked over and saw the man walking over to him and setting himself down in the lantern’s light.
“Not for another few hours,” Barnabas replied, “My cycle’s a bit different from yours.  I’m surprised you’re not asleep yet, however.”
“The world keeps spinning when I close my eyes,” Pergory said sluggishly, “And when I heard you throw that book, I figured I may as well enjoy the time I’ll need to sober up.”
Barnabas laughed.  He took in Pergory’s appearance, and remembered something that he had been meaning to ask him.
“When we were in the castle dungeon,” he said, watching Pergory’s reaction closely, “I noticed that when we climbed up the rope back into the library, you weren’t really winded or tired, yet you were wearing all of that armor.  How did you pull off such a mean feat of strength?”
“Oh!” Pergory said, and Barnabas was slightly alarmed to see a look of surprise flit across the man’s face as he did, but in a second the look vanished and was replaced by a grin, “I’ve got a wiry strength you know.  Just because I’m not bulky doesn’t mean I’m not strong.  I have to stay lean and fit, you know, running from the law as much as I do.  My arms are skinny, but what’s there is all muscle…which sums up the rest of me too, I suppose.”
“I see,” Barnabas replied, not satisfied with the answer, but not wanting to push the issue too far either, “Well in any case it was pretty lucky.  A normal person wouldn’t have been able to climb that rope with all that weight.”
“Would have been a shufti for you,” Pergory replied, “If I couldn’t have climbed the rope by myself, then you’d have had to carry me up there if I was to remain in costume.”
“I could have managed that,” Barnabas said, “In fact, at the time; I thought that was what I was going to have to do.  You surprised me, is all.”
“I’ve got some dice,” Pergory said, changing the subject, “Wanna play a few rounds?”
“Depending on what we’re using for currency,” Barnabas replied.
“Our share of the pastries, how about?” Pergory said coyly.
“Alright, deal,” Barnabas said, grinning.
They played five rounds of Roulluess, a game where you choose a number between two and twelve, and then roll two dice.  Then the other player does the same.  Whoever rolls closest to the number they chose wins the round.  The number seven was no man’s land; meaning you couldn’t pick it.  Pergory won three rounds, and therefore the match, but promised Barnabas he’d at least let the troll keep one pastry.  Feeling sober, Pergory went to bed.  Barnabas followed suit, realizing he was now fairly tired himself.
After a few days travel, they had finally reached Eoru.  Even from the outskirts, about half a mile away, Barnabas could tell that something was different.
“What’s wrong?” Darcie asked him, noticing his concerned look.
“Something feels strange,” Barnabas answered.  “I’ve got a weird feeling…not a bad one, mind you.  Something’s off, though.  Be on your guard.”
They moved towards the village, and it wasn’t long before they were spotted.  A swarm of people suddenly appeared at the edge of town, all pointing and shouting in their direction.  Some younger children came running out of the crowd towards them.
“It’s good to be home,” Barnabas laughed as he watched the children running.
“So this is really where you live?” Clair asked, admiring the town as they grew steadily closer.
“Well this is my home,” Barnabas replied, “But I actually reside in a castle just northwest of here.  We’ll stop by on our way to Ruothenak City.”
“You get a whole castle to yourself?” Darcie asked in an impressed voice.
“I need one to myself,” Barnabas replied.
The children had reached them by that point however, and the air was filled with laughter as they all reached up to be picked up by Barnabas.  He had one on each shoulder, and a third riding piggy back.  They all began telling him of everything they had done while he was gone while they made their way into the town, and the welcoming party.
“Good to see you, Barn’!” Boris Myrrth yelled, “Drop by the pub later, I’ll get you one on the house!”
“Who’re yer new friends, Barn’?” A woman called out from the crowd.
Many more questions were flung, not many of them intelligible from the din.  Barnabas raised his hands for silence, and it was given.
“I shall regale you all with my thrilling tale of adventure!” he announced, “But it is extremely important that I and my friends visit the mayor as soon as possible.  We have urgent matters to discuss.”
He turned to make his way towards Mayor Yorkson’s house, but stopped dead in his tracks.  In front of him was a second crowd, much smaller than the one that welcomed him home and completely different from it one very distinct way.
Prob Vagchuk, the moel tribe leader, walked forward, at the head of his tribe.  Barnabas thought it was odd to see them standing so boldly in a human village, but even odder was their attire.  They were dressed (mostly) in human clothing.   Prob was smiling, his dark goggles gleaming in the sunlight.
“I was hoping to get a chance to thank you in person, troll,” he said.  He extended his long fingered hand and Barnabas shook it bemusedly.
“Chief Vagchuk!” Barnabas exclaimed, “A surprise to see you here!  A pleasant one, but a surprise none-the-less!”
Prob laughed. “I’m still surprised myself,” he said, “If you’re wondering why my clan and I are still here, then why don’t we go to the mayor’s, and we can exchange tales?”
“I’d be delighted,” Barnabas answered truthfully.  He looked at the moel tribe.  Most of them were smiling (which wasn’t necessarily a pleasant sight, but better than a scowl at least), and the ones who were frowning were few, and far between.  Darcie seemed completely at ease with the situation (not to Barnabas’ surprise, as she had lived with moel before), Clair looked slightly nervous, and a little annoyed (Barnabas suspected she was remembering the moel in the Maelbog teasing her), and Pergory seemed entirely nonplussed by the situation, neither alarmed nor happy.  It was a good attitude for a human to have around a tribe of moel.
They made their way towards Mayor Yorkson’s home, which was halfway across the village, when Barnabas made an observation.
“Prob, forgive me if I’m mistaken, but there seems to be much less of your tribe here,” Barnabas said, as he ascertained a vague headcount of Prob’s tribe and subconsciously compared it to the count he had gotten at their first meeting.
“Well most of the males and stronger females are currently in the mines,” Prob said in his slithering human accent, “I’d be there myself, actually, but I have some work to finish with the mayor.  But this talk is only going to confuse you more,” he added, and Barnabas couldn’t help but agree, “It will become clearer after we have spoken to the mayor.”
Soon they were at the mayor’s doorstep.  Barnabas walked up the stoop and knocked (as gently as possible, not wanting to break down the door) three times.
“Enter,” he heard the mayor’s voice from within.  It sounded fatigued.  Barnabas pushed the door open, and heard Prob instruct his tribe to remain outside.  Barnabas, Prob, Darcie, Clair, and Pergory all crossed the threshold and stepped into the mayor’s sitting room, where they found him at his desk, working on a document of some sort.  The mayor turned and saw them, and nearly fell out of his chair.  “Barnabas!”  He exclaimed, “Home at last!  Deities damn you, I was so worried!”
“It’s good to be home, my old friend!” Barnabas greeted him with a firm handshake, though not too firm.  “Eoru seems to be thriving!”
“The understatement of the year!” Mayor Yorkson laughed, “There’s so much for us to tell you, and yet I’m sure what you have to say is just as important.”
“Please,” Barnabas said, “Allow me to introduce my friends, and then you can relay me your tale.  I fear that I’m ready to hear a story before telling another one.”  Pergory chuckled behind him.
“Well met!  Well met, indeed,” Mayor Yorkson greeted Barnabas’ party.  Pergory was the first to step forward.
“Pergory Feng,” Native of Ugbae, resident of Ruoth for now,” he introduced himself.
“Charmed,” Mayor Yorkson replied.
Everyone in Barnabas’ party stepped forward and introduced themselves to the mayor, who was delighted to meet each of them.  He was particularly fascinated with Darcie, and (to her relief) appeared to believe the story of her dreadful transformation almost immediately.
“We were actually wondering if she could take up residence here, Mayor,” Barnabas replied.
“That shouldn’t be a problem,” the Mayor replied, “What with our booming economy and drastic population increase, I’m sure Springfeld would be delighted to have another doctor in the town.  And one already acquainted with moel would most certainly be favorable.”
“Yes,” Barnabas said, his tone bemused, “About that factor old friend.  How is it that the Moel have come to live here?” his question was directed at both Prob and Mayor Yorkson.
“Well Barnabas, what a funny story it is,” Mayor Yorkson said, turning to pour himself a glass of wine as he did so.  “It wasn’t a week after your departure when Chief Vagchuk arrived outside the village, waving a white flag of truce.  It was just he and a few comrades, the rest of his tribe had set up camp a mile south of the town.  A few of the townsfolk suggested we not take chances, but I refused to harm anyone waving that white flag.  Not to say I wasn’t prepared for a trap of some kind, but I wasn’t about to murder for no discriminate reason.
“Chief Vagchuck accompanied me to this very house, where he discussed with me the conversation the two of you had, and told me what he knew of Gathnad’s actions.  After the message was relayed, I offered them a plot of land to set up shop before they headed into the mountains.
“Now it isn’t moeller custom, or human for that matter, to mingle as we were.  We all knew that.  I was admittedly hesitant to do so, but I invited Chief Vagchuk into my cabin for tea, and Boris invited the tribe members to the tavern for refreshments.  And for the first time in the history of this world, moel and human spent quality time together without bigotry, hatred, or attempted murder.”
“My tribe, and myself, were quite shocked by the kindness of the townsfolk,” Prob intoned, “Not to mention the respect they held for our customs.  At first I thought it was out of fear that we would start rampaging in the village if offended, but once enough ale was had, nobody was necessarily being polite, yet we were still getting along well enough.”
“Which isn’t to say the feelings were universal,” the mayor shook his head sadly, “There are still a few villagers who are quite upset with the arrangement.”
“And many of my tribesmen and women have already left for the mountains,” Prob replied.
“So what made you decide to stay?” Barnabas asked Prob.
“Well, three things helped that decision,” Prob answered rubbing his flat chin as he did so, “The first was of course the hospitality.  My people, especially the young ones, were tired.  We have been traveling along plain and swamp for a while.  Most moel,” he nodded his head towards Darcie, “are not accustomed to such conditions, and neither are we.  We were tired, and I thought it would be beneficial to rest a few days at the least in a place where we knew we could be safe from attack.
“The second reason was the fact that we had our first economic exchanges since leaving our home.  The people of this village haven’t seen most of the technology that we moel possess, and we moel have never had the kind of comforts that humans have readily available.  We began bartering and trading our knowledge and tools almost instantly the next day.
“It was on the third day that Mayor Yorkson approached me and invited me, alone, to his house.  No guards for either of us, just two leaders in discussion.”
“I proposed something rather strange, even to my ears,” Mayor Yorkson said, “I suggested that Prob’s tribe become a part of the village.  To settle here.”
“It couldn’t have been that easy,” Darcie said, a bit knowingly.
“It wasn’t,” Prob replied, “In fact, I’ll admit to laughing at the idea at first.  No moel in his right mind would accept such an offer.  To live with humans seemed, at the time, a disgrace to my race.  I about moved the tribe out right then and there.  But the mayor asked me to listen to his proposal, and out of respect for his hospitality and for Barnabas, I did.  The mayor made a very good point.  We were already breaking the unwritten law of hatred that separated our two races.  We were already proving that moel and humans could coexist peacefully.  He asked me, ‘What if we could prove that such a co-existence was not only possible, but beneficial as well?’”
“You see, much of the world right now is separated by such trivial matters as species, when in fact, we are all the children of the Deities, are we not?” Mayor Yorkson replied.  “We may not all share the same beliefs, but one thing was clear to me.  Clearer than it was even when I first invited you, Barnabas, into the village.  We are stronger united than divided.”
“And with the events unfolding in Gathnad,” Prob replied, “If we could convince enough people of our unity, combine not just the resources and intelligences of differing nations, but differing species in those nations, then we won’t just put up a fight when Gathnad crosses the sea, we’ll put a stop to them for sure.”
“Incredible!” Barnabas declared, lightly pounding the table with his fist, which still nearly broke the table, “And to think I was here to see such advancement in the relationships of the people of the world.”
“Of course, this will not be an easy process,” Mayor Yorkson replied, “As I said, there will always be those who will not see it as we do.  Even in the village and in the tribe there are those that couldn’t.  But the fact that more chose to try than not is a good sign.”
“What are your aims?” Barnabas asked, “To spread the word of your newfound tolerance?”
“We have already begun,” Prob replied.  “As we moel are natural miners, we have already established a mining spot in the mountains.  We’ve already accessed a few veins of gold and ore, which has turned Eoru from a farming community into a budding mining town as well.  But the mine is not large enough for all of my people to work yet, so those who are unable have begun to learn farming techniques, things we wouldn’t have had the chance to otherwise.  We have mingled the schooling of children, a moel and human teacher to educate both species.  It has been interesting to combine and compare each of our versions of history.  Though it has, naturally, sparked some debate over the correctness of certain events on both sides.”
“Well that’s natural,” Pergory replied, “Moel and humanity have had long differing views on the way that history transpired due to being on opposite ends of most conflicts that have arisen.”
“It’s one of the main reasons there’s doubt among those who have yet to accept what we’re doing,” the mayor replied.  “Some parents don’t want their kids coming home thinking that their race was wronging the other.
“Though it has caused some strife, we have also managed to sort out a lot of truths to our histories.  After discussing certain moments in time, we’ve actually managed to settle a few of the many disputes between our peoples.  It’s remarkable, really.  In time, we could even have enough knowledge to convince outsiders to mingle as we do.”
“This is simply wonderful!” Barnabas declared, “Especially in the times we are now living in.”
“Oh?” Mayor Yorkson replied, “Does that mean your mission was a success or a failure?”
“A little of both, actually,” Pergory replied.
“I suppose I’ll start from after I met Prob,” Barnabas said.  And for what seemed to him like the millionth time he recounted their journey, laughing inwardly at the fact that he’d have to tell it, yet again, to King Ruothenak.  But before he started, Mayor Yorkson waved him down.
“Wait one moment, Barnabas,” He said, and then turned to Prob, “This would be a great opportunity for Ferellin to use his skills, would it not?”
“Indeed,” Prob replied, “We could send word to the king immediately,” turning to Barnabas, he replied, “Ferellin is my tribe’s messenger.  He is skilled in the telepathy branch of magic.  He was a great help when we needed to contact the King to inform him of our new living arrangements, and he’ll be perfect because this way you’ll be able to relay your story to the King right now.”
“That’s…very convenient,” Barnabas said.  The others didn’t miss the note of relief in his voice.
“I know how you feel,” Pergory said quietly, so only Barnabas could hear, “It’s strange for something to work for us rather than against us, isn’t it?”  Barnabas chuckled.
“He usually uses his power so we can relay messages between our tribe when we are split, such as now with many staying at the mine; or when we have needed to contact other tribes.” Prob replied, “Wait a moment, and I’ll fetch him.”  He went to the door and crossed the threshold.
“Do you think you’ll like staying here, Darcie?” Clair asked.
“Are you joking?” Darcie asked, “I never dreamed of a place like this existing.  I can lead an almost normal life here.”
“We’ll make sure it is more than almost, Miss Hathaway,” Mayor Yorkson replied.
“Thank you,” she blushed, “but there will always be parts of my life that will never again be normal.”
“I can’t say I’d stay here myself,” Pergory commented, perhaps to himself, “Small town life never suited me.”
“Not as many skirts to chase or purses to snatch?” Clair asked, grinning mischievously.
“Among other things,” he replied distantly.  Barnabas noticed a hint of sadness in the reply, but knew it still wasn’t time to confront the bard.  The door opened and Prob came back in with Ferellin.  Ferellin appeared to be midway through life, not yet elderly, but no longer youthful either.  His goggles were nested on his brow, and his yellow stained eyes were narrowed in suspicion, and the crow’s feet around the edges of his eyes suggested this was a normal position for them.  He was at least three inches taller than Prob and just a little taller than Pergory.  He had very sharp bone spikes in his elbows and knees, which Barnabas knew was an indication of aggressiveness; a moel would sharpen the spikes to increase their potency as weapons.  Ferellin eyed the group before him without disguising the contempt he was obviously feeling.
“Friends, this is our sender, Ferellin,” Prob introduced the other moel, and Barnabas suspected it was because Ferellin wouldn’t have done so himself.  Ferellin turned to Barnabas.
“You need a message sent?” Ferellin asked, in the human language, though thickly accented.  His voice was like a waspish buzzing, and about an octave higher than Barnabas would have guessed it to be.  It was also very cold, displaying Ferellin’s obvious dissatisfaction with being a messenger for those outside his clan.
“If it’s not too troubling, yes,” Barnabas replied politely.
“Obviously not or my chief would not have summoned me,” Ferellin said, shrugging as he did so, but the coldness in his tone didn’t change.
“Ferellin, mind yourself and quit disrespecting the honor of your clan,” Prob ordered.
“Maybe I am not the one dishonoring it, but rather defending it,” Ferellin shot back, but then turned to Barnabas.  “To whom am I sending the message?”
“King Ruothenak,” Barnabas replied.
“Is the message lengthy?” Ferellin inquired in a tone that suggested he wasn’t interested at all in what was happening.
“Fairly,” Barnabas replied, “It will probably take about an hour to tell.”
“Acceptable for what strength I have to cast,” Ferellin replied.  “I’ll contact the King for you.”  He closed his eyes and began murmuring the incantation.  After a while his eyes opened, and Barnabas could barely make out the King’s hall through them, as though the hall existed behind the eyes and they were windows.  The king was sitting on his throne, gazing through the eyes at Barnabas.”
“Greetings Barnabas!” King Ruothenak said in his deep caring voice.  Everyone in the room, including Prob, Darcie, and Clair (who were not technically ruled by the king) dropped to their knees and rose back up.
“Greetings Sire,” Barnabas replied after he had picked himself up.
“Take a couple of steps back so I can see you better,” the king said, “I can only see your chest.  That’s better!  Now, I will admit I was quite worried about you when Mayor Yorkson contacted me about your departure.  Let’s just say the rumors you were hearing had already reached my attention.”  Their conversation was much easier than the one Barnabas had with Martin Crownshed.  Because Darcie was not a sender, his message had to be brief.  But Ferellin was obviously a master at this magic, and Barnabas and the king were able to speak freely.  It was very odd to hear the king’s jovial voice emitting from Ferellin’s mouth, however.
“About Gathnad’s war plans?” Barnabas asked.
“Indeed, though nothing was confirmable enough to warrant serious alarm or public notification yet, we were still seeing the signs.  What information do you have for me?”
Barnabas told his tale for what he hoped to be the last time, inviting all of his companions to jump in when and where they could to help portray the story accurately.  The king listened intently, interrupting only a few times to ask minor questions.  Before long, they had finished the exchange.
“That helps explain the rumors I had heard,” the King replied.  He wiped his brow with a handkerchief and Barnabas saw a hand reach to take it from the King when he had finished.  “My source in Gathnad seemed pretty sure that something fishy was going on down there, though he didn’t have any evidence to support the claims.  But your testimonies are proof enough that war is inevitable.  I will need to speak with you all in private.”
“Oh?” Barnabas said, shocked.
“There are some things that I must tell you that I would rather not speak about in the presence of others,” The king replied, “And unfortunately I can’t take a sending spell without supervision from my retainers, in case of trickery.  I ask for your presence, all of you who were a part of the Gathnad expedition, as soon as you are able.  Preferably within the next two weeks.  I must go now, however, for I have a plan; but I need to fine tune it before you get here.”
“As you command my liege,” Barnabas said.
“May the Deities watch over you all,” King Ruothenak said.  Barnabas and company all genuflected as the sending was terminated.  Ferellin closed his eyes and when he opened them again, they were his normal yellow orbs.  He blinked twice in confusion before returning his eyes to their narrowed look of discontent.
They all sat in silence for a moment, looking back and forth at each other.
“Well!” Mayor Yorkson finally broke the silence, “An audience with the king himself!  I suppose you’re going to want to leave as soon as possible?”  It was a question more than a statement and Barnabas knew why.  He too was slightly perplexed, and had been very comfortable in the idea that he would have a few days to retire at his home.  But it looked as if he was going to have to pack his bags once more.  He was more concerned, however, for the other members of his group.  Darcie had just been promised a place to live and Clair as well.  And while he knew that Clair would have to go with them, he felt obligated to allow Darcie the option to stay behind.
“Darcie,” he turned to her, “I would understand if you wished to remain behind.  Technically the king asked for your presence as well, but with everything considered, I think he would understand if you didn’t accompany us.  If you wish to stay, I will explain your absence to the King.”
“Oh no,” Darcie replied, “I would like to go.”  This took Barnabas by surprise.
“You would?” he asked.
“Well I don’t know what the king wants us to do,” She replied, “but as I’m now going to be living in this continent for, hopefully, the remainder of my days; it would probably be a bad start to my new life if the first thing I did as a citizen was disobey an order from my new king.  And secondly, I enjoy traveling with you all.”
“Well that’s settled,” Barnabas replied, “Clair, I would have offered you the same, but your part in our mission was of much greater importance than Darcie’s, for obvious reasons.  I think it’s important that you come along.”
“I understand,” Clair replied, though sullenly.  It was apparent that she was looking forward to a more quiet life again.
“Well nobody worry about me or anything,” Pergory replied cheerfully, “I’m more than happy to join up.”
“I figured as much,” Barnabas replied.  “Besides, I would have drug you there myself if you had refused.”  Pergory barked a laugh at that.
“You will have one other person joining you, however,” Prob replied.  Everyone looked at him confusedly.  He turned to Ferellin.  “Ferellin, I would like you to join Barnabas and his friends on their trip to the capitol city, and whatever else they may have to do afterwards.”  Ferellin looked shocked, and then extremely outraged.
“This is too much!” he hissed, “I have stood by while you desecrate our peoples’ heritage, mingling with these humans.  I have respected you enough to remain a part of this crumbling tribe!  But asking me to be their errand boy?  Find another!”
“Are you challenging my leadership?!” Prob yelled, and there was more menace in his voice than in the roar of a bear.  “Perhaps we should step outside and determine, here and now, who is fit to lead this tribe?  What I have done and what I do now is for the continuation and the betterment of our race!”
Ferellin looked shocked at Prob’s sudden outburst.  His quickly masked it with his sullen expression again, however.
“What purpose will I fulfill by accompanying them?” he asked.
“You will report to the village what has been decided and what is transpiring through a short report every night, so long as you are able to do so without being overheard.  More importantly though, this would be an excellent opportunity for the message of interspecies hospitality that we are hoping to achieve in this village to be spread beyond its borders.  Finally,” and here Prob’s tone darkened a tiny bit, but still noticeably, “It would be an amicable opportunity for you to experience the human race in a different light, seeing as you are keeping your eyes shut tightly here.”
Ferellin looked mutinous for a moment, but finally replied woodenly, “Aye, chief.”  He walked out the door without acknowledging anyone else.
“When will you depart?” Prob asked Barnabas.
“Tomorrow, as soon as possible,” Barnabas replied.  “We’ll need enough time to restock our provisions for the journey and I’ll need to make a stop by my castle along the way, but we should be able to leave the village before noon.”
“I will see to it that he is ready to depart before then,” Prob replied.  “You know moel customs?”  He asked, turning to Darcie.
“Well, at least those practiced by the ones living in the Maelbog,” she answered.
“That is enough,” Prob replied, “I hope it doesn’t come to this, but if Ferellin, out of spite for the mission I have given him, blatantly breaks those customs, then inform Barnabas.  Troll, I am entrusting his wellbeing to you, which includes punishment for any wrongdoing.”
“I can not promise anything drastic,” Barnabas replied, “But I will see to it.”
“Well then!” Mayor Yorkson replied, in an air of someone trying to change a particularly unpleasant subject, “I suppose we shouldn’t deny the townsfolk any more opportunity to regale in your triumphant return!  Let us all go down to The Crescent Eagle and enjoy ourselves before you have to leave again so soon!”
“Best idea I’ve heard all day!” Pergory replied enthusiastically.  Barnabas couldn’t help but laugh as he left the house.  The children of the village surrounded him almost immediately and demanded that he tell them any adventures he had undergone.  He started telling them about the leviathan attack, smiling as their eyes grew wide with admiration.  It was made even better to have Pergory there, who was more than happy to help tell the tale.
It’s good to be back, Barnabas thought.

Chapter 10
The King’s Mission


“Maybe small town life wouldn’t be so bad, if last night was any indication,” Pergory commented as he packed his large sack with his clothing, fresh moel ale, and other provisions.
“Well it’s not always that crowded,” Barnabas replied, taking a sip of his tea while perusing a book he had borrowed from Mayor Yorkson, “And it was a special treat for the drinks to be free.”
“Ah, there’s always a downfall,” Pergory mockingly lamented.  “It’s a shame too that there aren’t many single young women in the town.”  Barnabas snorted slightly.
An hour after they had packed their bags and departed the town (amid the frustrated protests of the children of the village) they had arrived at Barnabas’ castle.  Pergory gave a low whistle as they approached it, and Clair and Darcie were awestruck.  Barnabas chuckled at their reactions.  It was probably very strange for them, he assumed, to imagine living in a place that was so enormous all by oneself.  Ferellin had not spoken a word since their departure, and didn’t appear to want to break that habit.
Barnabas led them inside, and as quickly as possible went to his quarters to pack fresh clothing as well as supplies.  He placed the flail he had taken from Jordan back in Bolst in a corner and replaced it with his double edged axe.  It was much larger than a normal war axe, as Barnabas had tailor made it himself.  He strapped it to his back.
“Are you going to need that?” Pergory asked, amused.
“Perhaps,” Barnabas replied.  “There are many dangers along the mountain path we will be treading to reach Ruothenak City.”
“Such as?” Clair asked, hopping into a very large chair.
“Mostly quarry devils,” Barnabas replied.  “Which is a shame, really.  Because if we do fell one on the way, I wont have time to skin it and cure the hide.  It would be an enormous waste, for sure.  If we are really unlucky, though, we may cross paths with one of my many cousins.”  Seeing the confused look on her face, Barnabas elaborated, “Wild trolls; I guess you could call them normal trolls.  They’ll likely attack on first sighting.”
“Wouldn’t they be less aggressive, seeing how you’re with us?” Darcie asked.  They heard a hissing laughter, and turned to see Ferellin walking into the room.
“You’re thinking of intelligent creatures, such as us…well debatably, I suppose.  Your friend here,” he pointed his long, flat finger at Barnabas, “Is an oddity.  Normal trolls are more beast than man.  Any troll who may see us on the road would instinctively assume that Barnabas was attacking us, and from its perspective it would join in.  It would fight us for the meat, and it would fight Barnabas for ownership of the meat.”
“A uniquely crude way of putting it,” Barnabas replied, “but essentially, yes.” Barnabas dusted off his anvil, and felt a strange feeling as he did so.  Something like loneliness, he supposed.
“Are you…okay with that?” Claire asked.  Barnabas looked at her.  Pergory’s back was facing him from behind her, but he was standing uncomfortably still.
“With what?” Barnabas asked, genuinely confused by the question.
“With…killing your own kind?” She asked hesitantly.  Pergory shifted a little.
“Oh,” Barnabas replied, and smiled, “Don’t worry.  I’ve come to the acceptance long ago that I’m not a normal troll.  If you knew a barbaric gnome who would kill you at the first chance he or she had, and then actually attempted to do so, would you kill it in self defense?”
“I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t have to,” she replied, “But if it came to it, then yes I suppose.”
“I came to the terms that I’d practically be at war with my own kind for a long time, because really they’re not my own kind,” Barnabas said.  “It’s hard for me to say, but I don’t count myself among the trolls very much.  I am forced to, because a troll is what the rest of the world will always see me as and refer to me, but I am not a beast.”
“Are we likely to run into them?” Clair asked.
“No, I’d say not,” Barnabas replied.  “Trolls don’t exactly enjoy coming down from the mountains.  They have treasures that they guard.  But occasionally they refresh their food supply with whatever may be roaming the countryside closest to their caves.  And only if they can’t find anything worth eating in the mountains first.”  He looked around his castle, checking that he was forgetting nothing.  Grabbing a couple of books off the shelf, he said, “I think that I’m good to go.  Let’s head out.”
“Agreed!” Pergory replied, jumping out of his reverie as he did so.  “Let’s go meet the royalty!”
“You seem excited as usual,” Clair laughed at him.  Ferellin put his goggles over his eyes before walking out into the sunlight, but Barnabas was sure that he’d seen them roll first.
“Never met a king before,” Pergory replied, “Should prove to be pretty interesting.”
“I suppose you should be taught some etiquette before we present you to a king,” Darcie said.  Pergory gave her a puzzled look as they headed out of the castle.
“I’m just saying, you’ll need to work on your manners,” she replied to his look of confusion.  “Not to mention your clothing.  We’ll get you something better to wear in Ruothenak City before we meet the king.”
“What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?!” Pergory asked incredulously.  Barnabas chuckled as he followed them.
“Other than the fact you’ve been wearing the same two outfits since you and Barnabas set out for Gathnad, and Deities only know how long before that.” Darcie replied, picking at his clothing as she did so.  “And you’ve never taken off that ugly turban since I’ve met you.  I bet your hair is atrocious.”  Barnabas raised his eyebrow, realizing that she was right.  He had never seen Pergory bare-headed before.  He didn’t even know what color Pergory’s hair was.
“The turban is special to me!” Pergory replied, gently swatting her hand away as she made to pick at it.  “But I see your point.  I’ll wash up good before we meet the king.”  Darcie smiled as she trotted off to catch up to Ferellin.
“What’s gotten into her?” Pergory asked.
“It’s been a while since she had real friends,” Barnabas answered sagely, hiding his laughter as he did so.  “I think she’s trying to make up for the lost time.  But she raises a point, you never take that thing off,” he pointed at the turban as he said it, “I don’t even know what color your hair is.”
“My hair, if I would let it grow, is black,” Pergory replied, “I’ve got a bald pate, so I shave the rest of it, which is part of the reason I never take the turban off.  The other reason I don’t is because this was my adopted father’s turban, and I’m rather attached to it.”
“Is this how you have always worn it, though?” Barnabas asked.
“What do you mean?” Pergory asked, laughing, “Like, on my head?”
“No,” Barnabas laughed, “I mean for months at a time between washing it.”
“Well yes I suppose.  Why?”
“Well that’s probably why you’re going bald,” Barnabas replied.  “Your hair needs to breathe fresh air once in a while.  Between the sweat buildup and being matted down by the turban, which gets filthy with sweat after a while, it slowly made you go bald.”
“Are you sure of this?!” Pergory asked, and he sounded genuinely worried.  Claire, who Barnabas had only just realized was listening in, started laughing at his distraught attitude.
“My friend, Oscar Springfield, is a doctor,” Barnabas replied, “He described the symptoms to me once.  He was in the same predicament as you, only instead of a turban it was a knitted hat.”
“So I literally made myself go bald?” Pergory asked.
“Pretty much!” Darcie called from ahead of them.  She was also obviously listening in.
“A man’s greatest enemy is usually himself,” Pergory replied sullenly.
They were on the road for five days, not stopping for rest during the daylight hours because they knew they could find beds in Ruothenak City.  Clair and Darcie marveled at the Moeller Mountains, as they had never seen such landmarks before.  Stretching farther and wider than the eye could see, they were almost entranced by the sheer size and glory of the giant hills.  Ferellin often paused in his walking and looked to the southwest, and Barnabas knew that the new mine that was established by his tribe must have been in that direction.
They didn’t come across any troubles along the way, however.  Barnabas stopped the group three times because he thought that he heard quarry devil activity.  But soon enough the trail they were following turned east and the mountains fell behind them, leaving nothing but flat prairie and a well beaten path between them and the city.
After the Great War, a large coalition of people broke away from what would become the nation of Gathnad.  Much like the elves, these people did not trust General Gunther or his son, Gathnad.  They made their way across the sea and settled into the relatively unknown eastern continent.  Finding hospitable grounds, as well as the Moeller Mountains, they began colonizing.  And the nation became the leader in the world’s economy for minerals, jewels, and metalworking.  Before long, a man by the name of Harold Ruothenak rose from mere farmer to King.  He was a natural leader, and the people of the nation had no qualm in appointing him their ruler due to his fair and kind nature.  The name Ruoth was given to the nation, and his kin had ruled ever since, setting their castle down in a freshly constructed city, also named for the king.
Ruothenak City was much different than any other town in Ruoth, except perhaps Bolst which was a thriving economic center.  Most towns in Ruoth were small, and their citizens were happy with that.  As the capitol site for the nation, Ruothenak City was enormous; a hive of industry, politics, and hierarchy.  Barnabas had long thought that the people there were a tad haughty.  They lived a slightly grander lifestyle than their fellow countrymen and women and tended to think they were better for it.
“So this is the great Ruothenak City?” Ferellin asked; his voice unimpressed.
“It’s smaller than I thought it would be,” Pergory commented, “After Gunther City I was expecting a much larger venue.”
They were making their way up the High Street that led to the castle.  The High Street was the epicenter for most of the business, trade, and therefore criminal activity in the city.  As they made their way through the stalls and vendors, the castle loomed in the distance, stately and imposing.  Barnabas thought that the best time of day to view the castle was just after noon, when the light was illuminating it best.  It was now late in the afternoon, however, and instead of impressive, the castle looked almost threatening.
“A clothing vendor!” Darcie called.  She had trotted slightly ahead of the group, and it was now apparent why she had.  She was looking for a shop to get Pergory some new clothing.
“I had hoped she had forgotten,” Pergory sighed in defeat as Darcie came back and grabbed him by the hand and started forcing him towards the shop.
Half an hour later, Pergory departed from the shop wearing a decent shirt, a crimson vest, black slacks, black spats, a matching overcoat, and a freshly washed turban.  He seemed very keen during his dressing to not be seen without the turban on, citing his embarrassment about being bald, which made everyone aside from Ferellin laugh.
Finally though, everyone was decent and fit to meet the king.  They had all changed in the clothing vendor’s stall and were dressed as appropriately as possible.  They made their way towards Ruothenak Castle.  At the gates, they met two guards.  Unlike Gathnad’s royal army, The Ruoth forces were not decked entirely in armor at all times.  These guards were wearing uniforms with the kingdom’s colors (yellow and green), and had swords at their sides.
“Oh hello there!” the first guard said as they approached, “You must be Barnabas.”
“Correct,” Barnabas replied, “I take it you’re expecting me?”
“The king said you might arrive today.  He’s a bit busy at the moment, go ahead and go on in.” The guard smiled at each of them in turn as they filed past, but faltered as Ferellin made to go in.
“Wait!”  The other guard replied, “This thing with you?” he asked Barnabas, nodding his head towards Ferellin as he did so.
“This thing is a moel, and can understand you!” Ferellin spat at the guard, his hand hovering over his daggers.  The guard jumped back in surprise.
“Never heard a moel talk before.  Didn’t know they could, you know.  I thought they were all like trolls!” The guard said, while cautiously eyeing Ferellin, “Well normal trolls, anyhow.”
“Ferellin is a guest of the king and a companion to me, and you will treat him with the respect any guest of the king deserves,” Barnabas replied, with just a hint of a warning in his voice.
“All right, all right,” the guard replied, “Don’t get all sour with me, it’s not every day that we’re letting moel walk freely through the city, you know.”
“Well it will be that day soon,” Barnabas replied, “So you should get used to it now.”
They made their way into the castle, and it was obvious that Ferellin was steaming mad.  Barnabas pulled him aside. 
“I understand your feelings right now, but you need to check them before we present ourselves to the king,” he said.
“What do you know of my feelings, troll?” Ferellin replied.
“We are both monsters in a man’s world, or did you forget?” Barnabas replied.
“I do not forget, troll.  But unlike you, I refuse to destroy my heritage and honor by debasing myself in an attempt to fit into this so-called civilized world.”  Ferellin spat.
“Calm yourself and be sociable,” Barnabas ordered, “We‘ll talk more after our meeting with the king.  Remember that your tribe’s honor hangs in your words and actions.”
“Oh so you mean to tell me that you would abide by the kinds of remarks that guard was making?  You wouldn’t mind it if people called you a stupid beast?” Ferellin retorted.
“People have been doing that to me my whole life!” Barnabas replied hotly.  Claire and Darcie had already entered the next room and had not noticed Barnabas’ and Ferellin‘s exchange.  Pergory however had hung back and was now standing next to Barnabas.
“Trust me, Ferellin,” Pergory said, his voice unusually cold, “You do not know discrimination,” and left it at that.  Ferellin looked outraged, and seemed ready to retort at the human who dared speak to him like that, but there was something fierce in Pergory’s voice and eyes that held the moel’s tongue at bay.  Ferellin silently admitted defeat, gave a quick nod to Barnabas and strode away.
“The two of us are going to have a long chat after this is over,” Barnabas replied.
“I would like to be a part of it,” Pergory replied.
“I was talking about you and me,” Barnabas said, raising his eyebrow at Pergory. “But yes, I’ll have one with Ferellin as well, and you’re welcome to help if you want.” Pergory looked at the troll curiously.
“You never cease to amaze me,” the man replied, “Just when I think I’ve got you figured out, you pull a reversal like that and catch me off guard.”  They started following Ferellin into the Grand Hall, where the king would undoubtedly be.
Sure enough, amongst the stained glass windows picturing the royal crest and heroes long passed; amongst the hundred or so nobles all jabbering away to each other like an enormous flock of pigeons, and seated on the grand throne made of gold and onyx and adorned with emeralds, was King Ruothenak.  He was stately dressed in furs, his crown brazen with emeralds.  His dark hair was streaked silver just above his ears, but this only added to his regality.  His weak chin, hidden behind a thick beard and moustache that all but covered his lips and jaw line, was jutted out in frustration.  He was listening to one of his lords, nodding slightly as the man before him talked seemingly without taking breath.  The King looked extremely bored.
As Barnabas and his party drew further into the Grand Hall, a quiet seemed to be pouring into the room with them.  This strange silence seemed to spread quickly, like a wave crashing towards the shore, as the gathered lords and nobles took in the small, but strange group that was making its way towards the throne.  Eventually this silence reached the king’s ears.  He noticed the absence of mayhem and looked up from the noble who was still jabbering into his ear.  The king immediately found the source of the lack of commotion.
“Barnabas!” he exclaimed, jumping out of the throne as he did so.  The lord whom he was speaking with jumped back in fright at this and nearly fell down the steps leading to the throne.  “My good friend, it’s been far too long!  Please, please!  Come speak with me!”  Barnabas drew near the king and bent down on one knee.  The king lifted his hand up and allowed Barnabas to kiss his ring (considering Barnabas was still much taller than the king, even while kneeling).
“What a joy it is to see you again, my Lord!” Barnabas replied, “I pray that I find you in good health?”
“The best of health, actually,” the king replied, “I recently went hunting with my cousin, good lad, I’ll introduce you some time.  I bagged the largest stag I’ve ever seen!  Of course my cousin, amazing hunter that he is, then turns around and gets one nearly twice the size!  He allowed me to post his along with mine in my quarters, I’ll show you!  Come, come!”  He looked over at the rest of Barnabas’ group, “You all as well.  Pergory Feng, wonderful to meet you in person!  And Claire Collo!  Charmed!  Darcie Hathaway, hmmm…I didn’t get a good look at you through the sending spell.  I would have guessed palamino body rather than chestnut,” (Darcie blushed, but didn’t look offended by the remark), “And of course chief Vagchuck’s trusty messenger, Ferellin Krem.  If you’d all follow me, please!”  He started leading them away, but stopped after a short while and addressed the assembled lords, dukes and other nobles.  “You all have things you could be doing without my supervision!  Pip pip!”
The nobles all started muttering as they disassembled out of the court, leaving the King to lead the group to his private chambers.   There were two guards stationed on either side of the door, and these ones were properly armored.  They saluted as the king drew near.
“Gentlemen,” The king addressed them, “No need to follow me inside.  We’ll be fine.”  The guards saluted again and moved, allowing entrance into the king’s chambers.
It was very lavish in the chambers, but forcedly so.  Although the bed was adorned with the finest silk sheets, they were disheveled as if not made up since the king had woken.  The rich mahogany desk was littered with papers, letters, documents and more.  books and scrolls were left lying all around the room, leaving the shelves on the king’s personal library littered with empty spots.
“I’m more of a woodsman at heart,” King Ruothenak told them as he gestured to the overall mess of the room, “This small sanctuary is very much all that I get to act how I feel, so I don’t worry about the clutter.”
“I knew there was a reason I liked Ruoth better than Ugbae,” Pergory commented with obvious approval.  “You seem to have your head on straight.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment!” the king laughed, “No, I’ve never really been one to follow all of the finer tendencies of nobility.  Something my retainers and the other nobles are keen to remind me on a regular basis.”
“Well John, It’s good to know you aren’t changing with age!” Barnabas said, making Darcie and Clair gasp as they realized Barnabas had just addressed the king by his first name.  Ferellin looked slightly put out at this as well, and Barnabas figured that Ferellin viewed him as quite the hypocrite at the moment.  Pergory, as Barnabas expected him to be, was simply delighted by this.
“Didn’t I just say that I don’t abide by nobility?” the king responded to their reactions.  “I remember well how long I had to convince Barnabas to refer to me by my first name, though only when we were alone.  We have to put on the show and dance when others are watching, but Barnabas is one of the few people who can truly understand and appreciate my desire to be on the same level as anyone else.”
“It’s just weird,” Claire replied, “I mean, I spent a long enough time being told by everyone, including the Emperor himself, that he was basically a deity as far as I should be concerned…it’s…nice to see that not all royalty is as conceited as he is.”
“Ah yes,” the king replied grimly, “That nasty matter that brings us all here today.”  
“So I understand that you have a plan?” Barnabas guessed.  The king was pouring tea for the six of them.
“Indeed,” the king replied, “I began formulating it immediately after I got word of your travels into Gathnad.  As soon as Mayor Yorkson, and my own personal moles in the Gathnadian Empire, who I won’t reveal for obvious reasons, informed me of the rumors that have been circulating, I knew there was a good chance that I would have to prepare myself for one of two inevitabilities.  One was, of course, war with Gathnad.  The other was much more complex.  The latter is renewing our alliance with Ugbae.  However, renewing our alliance with them would be something we would have to do regardless of the outcome of your mission, just as a precaution.”
“I don’t understand,” Barnabas said, after a moment, “I didn’t think that Ruoth and Ugbae were hostile.”
“We aren’t,” the king replied.  “I apologize for the confusion.  What’s a better way to describe it?  Ugbae is a nation that depends on its secrecy, and in a sense, its solitude.  Sure we trade with each other, but Ugbae’s leader doesn’t exactly write to me on a regular basis.  Our relationship with the sand nation is that of mutual need.  Suffice it to say, I need to contact Ugbae personally about the matter, but I can’t just write down what you’ve told me about Gathnad into a letter and send it to Ugbae’s Schieck.  There’s too good a chance that the letter would be intercepted.  I can’t go there myself, or even trust my advisors to do so, in case they were sabotaged along the way.  I need a small team of people who could go into Ugbae slyly on my behalf.  That’s where you all come in.
“You would travel to Ugbae, get in contact with the Schieck for me, and present the evidence against Gathnad.  From there, it’s simply up to the Schieck to amass his forces and relay with me, something that he or she will have no problem with once the evidence is given.”
“Do you not even know the identity of the Schieck?” Pergory asked.
“As I said, we are not in contact,” the king replied, “If I receive information from Ugbae, it is from one of the Schieck’s many consultants.  If I send information to Ugbae, it is always to one of the consultants.  The Schieck’s identity is a secret to most people, due to the vast numbers of power-hungry cretins who wish to usurp the government.  And that is mainly due to the politics of the nation.  If the Schieck is killed, his or her killer can either claim the title, or designate it to whoever they wish.
“Of course, the Schieck designates an heir to his title, but the heir must fight for it if the Schieck is murdered.  Every twenty years or so, a new Schieck will need to be appointed, and there is always a struggle for the title.”
“If we don’t know who to look for, how are we supposed to find the Schieck?” Darcie asked.
“That is something I can help you with,” the king replied, “You’ll take a request with you, written by myself.  My signature and the royal crest will be enough to get the attention of the Schieck.  It will all be a matter of showing it to the right person.”
“And we’ll know who that is how?” Ferellin asked bluntly.
“Go to the capital city, Unslad,” The king replied politely, “The Schieck resides there, although where, I do not know.  But that is where you should start your search.  It shouldn’t be too hard to find the capitol building, however.  Even though secrecy is a top priority, the general public needs to be aware of how to contact the government, so you just need to do what they would.  Once you find it, however, it shouldn’t be too hard to get access to either the Schieck or his top personnel, once your purpose has been made clear.
“You should move quickly, though.  Spend the night here in my castle and depart as soon as possible.  I will restock your supplies personally and finance your voyage.  You’ll take the train westbound to the Port of Festwick.  It’s more or less just west of Ruothenak City, through the Moeller Mountains.  The railway was recently improved, especially through the mountains, so the trip should be smooth.  Once in Ugbae, however, you’re on your own.  Though it shouldn’t be too much trouble, both Barnabas and Pergory have traveled through Ugbae before.”
“It will make the trip easier,” Barnabas agreed, “We will need proper clothing for desert travel, though.”
“My personal outfitters will see to that,” the king waved his hand dismissively.  “I can also arrange my blacksmith to provide you with items for self defense, should the need arise.”
“I think we are actually fine in that department,” Barnabas replied.
“Good, now that our arrangement is settled, we should enjoy ourselves!” The king seemed relieved to have business taken care of.  He led them back into his hall where a chef, a maid, and a guard were all lounging, apparently waiting for the king to emerge.  Upon his appearance, they all stood at attention.
“Mason, prepare a meal for my friends here,” King Ruothenak addressed the chef, “Let’s cook up the rest of that stag, shall we?  A nice stew, plenty of fresh vegetables for Miss Hathaway, of course, some fruit as well.  Anything in particular for you, Krem?”
“Liver, cook it very rare,” Ferellin replied, his eyes showing a slight greed behind them, “And I think maybe the tongue as well.”
“See to it!” the king addressed the cook.  He turned to the maid, “Angela, my dearest, please prepare our finest rooms for them.  Barnabas’ usual, needless to say, and let’s get a nice comfortable rug in Miss Hathaway’s room, as well as the pillows from my bed.  They should be big enough to act as a body pillow for her.  Drake, you help her with that, and rally up your troops to accompany these folks to Port Festwick.  You’ll travel with them across the train, and make sure they depart the continent without hassle.”
The guard saluted, the maid curtsied, and they both hastened after the cook, who had already departed to prepare the meal.  The king treated Barnabas and company to a grand tour of the Castle, which Barnabas already knew well enough from previous trips to the city.  Along the way, they were introduced to the King’s children.  His eldest, Princess Marissa, had grown much since Barnabas had last seen her.  She was now in her teens and very beautiful.  She was currently studying history, and was delighted to meet them and to see Barnabas again.  The King’s youngest, Prince Robert, was closing in on his ninth year.  He was very timid around the guests, most of whom were very strange to his eyes.
“You’ve no idea what it’s like seeing him this quiet,” the king said as they departed his room, leaving him to continue his studies with the mages.  “He’s usually going on and on about adventures he’s going to have one day.  A chip off the old block, my uncle tells me.”
They were then led to a courtyard; however this one was abandoned of people.  A sign engraved into the archway read, “With Time Comes Many Questions.  With Death Comes Understanding.”
The King pulled a flower from a small garden that was located just before the courtyard and led them inside it.  Here stood the great resting place of Ruothenak’s leaders.  Their final beds, where their bodies slept and their souls departed to the land of the Deities.  There were many tombs in the court, but the King led them down a small path to a certain headstone of white marble.  The inscription read, “Queen Sarah Ruothenak, wife to King John Ruothenak the IX.  Devoted Mother, Beloved Matriarch, Eternal Glory.”
The king laid his flower down on his wife’s grave.  “Sarah was the perfect example of the graveyard’s inscription.  She was taken from me last year,” he said, with only a hint of sadness in his voice.  The rest of his voice echoed relief.  “She was very sick, a plague that none had heard of before.  No healer or doctor could cure her.  I was sad, and yet happy to see her go, because her suffering was great.  The healers have since identified her ailment.  Her death brought forth a means to prevent more deaths like hers, something I think she would have been happy for.”  He gazed at the tombstone for a while longer before turning and departing.  Ferellin followed closely, and it was unclear whether the scene had moved him, though Barnabas thought it would be hard for any person to be unsympathetic.  Clair was in silent tears, and Darcie comforted her.  Pergory hadn’t moved, but was still looking at the stone.  When he turned, he had a somber look on his face, one of deep respect.
Barnabas told them to lighten up, for although the king missed his wife, he had moved past her death, accepting the Deities plan, “As we all must,” he had told them.  They continued their tour, having to double back when they realized that Pergory had somewhere along the way slipped out of the group.  They found him about three rooms back.
“Just visiting the latrine,” he replied as he jogged to catch up to the group.  Barnabas looked over his shoulder and saw a group of maids looking their way, most of them giggling.  Darcie noticed it too, and distanced herself from Pergory for the remainder of the tour.
Soon they arrived at the dining hall, and as Barnabas felt, not a moment too soon.  His stomach was growling and he knew that the others were hungry as well.  The room was, as they said, fit for a king.  The grand dining hall was set exquisitely with more than enough places for them all, including an enormous chair, which was built low to the ground, for Barnabas.  It wasn’t exactly comfortable for him, as his legs were still too large to fit comfortably under the table, and he had to splay them out in an ugly manner.  This ensured him nearly half the table to himself, so as to allow the other diners comfortable leg room.  Joining them for the meal were the prince and princess, as well as a few lords and ladies who had urgent business to discuss with the king.
“I would prefer,” the king said to the lord who was seated to his right, and who had started jabbering the moment they had sat down, “If we could keep business matters to ourselves until after the meal, if you would be so kind.”
“If it is your will, my lord,” the noble replied apologetically, “However I would say that with your untimely departure from the throne earlier, it made it difficult for me to sort out my affairs for the evening, which led me to request your presence here in the first place.”
“Are these matters of life and death?” The king asked.
“No sire,” the man answered with a hint of bitterness.
“Then I promise you that tomorrow you all will have my undivided attention in the throne room,” the king said, “For now let us simply enjoy each other’s company.  We really don’t do that during the daytime, so we might give it a chance now, don’t you think?”  His tone left none in doubt that it was the final word on the subject.  The king turned to his children.  “Marissa, my dearest, how was your day?”
“Pleasant,” she replied, “I finished my studies and visited mother.”
“Go on!” the lady sitting to the Princess’ right side beckoned her, “Tell your father what else you did today!”  She was clearly excited.
“I performed a magic,” The Princess said, smiling.  The table applauded her and her father positively beamed.
“Great Deities!” he said, “What wonderful news!  And what magic was it?”
“I moved a rubber ball through the air,” the princess replied, “without touching it!”
“Levitation!” Barnabas replied, “A very useful branch of magic!  Congratulations, Princess!”
“It doesn’t really seem like a useful skill for a princess, though,” Marissa said.
“Nonsense!” Ferellin replied, shocking everyone.  The lords and ladies around the table looked affronted at the moel, while the prince looked slightly frightened.  However the king and princess simply held his gaze as he swallowed a bite of liver and continued.  “Though we never know what the plan is, Father Time has one for all of us.  Any skills we have, any misfortunes that befall us,” he gestured towards Darcie, who looked upset at being used as an example, “Is a part of that plan.  You may not realize it yet, young one, but one day you will.”  His voice was not sympathetic, nor was he trying to make her feel better.  He was simply stating a belief.
“Thank you,” the princess replied after a moment, “Your words are true, good sir.”
Ferellin didn’t reply, and Barnabas kicked his foot from under the table.  He looked up and, realizing his mistake replied without much feeling, “You’re welcome.”
“How about you, then son?” the king turned to the prince, “What did you learn today?”
“Not much,” the prince replied timidly, turning red as the eyes around the table fell on him.
“Well not much is still something!” Clair replied.  The prince laughed at that, and started to warm up to conversation.
“Well,” he said, “I studied magic with Lariday,” he replied.
“Magical theory, my prince,” replied a man sitting down the table.
“Right, right, magical theory,” the prince quickly corrected himself.  “About the different branches of magic and their relations to each other, and the dangers of multicasting.”
“The dangers of multicasting…” the man down the table said, and the Prince realized he was forgetting something important.
“The dangers…of multicasting…too far away from the branch you specialize in!” the prince said quickly as the answer came to him.
“Right!” the man said.  He turned to the king, “The prince is a quick learner, my lord.”
“That’s good to hear,” the king said, smiling proudly at both of his children.
“When can I start training, father?” the prince asked him suddenly.
“When you’re old enough,” the king answered.
“You say that every night!” the lad retorted sullenly.
“My son’s heart is bigger than his arms,” the king said to Barnabas’ group, “He is far too eager to start his combat training.”
“I want to go on an adventure!” the boy said, “Or at least go with out on with you on your next hunt with Uncle Teddy!”
“Well young lord,” Pergory replied, “You don’t go looking for adventure, it finds you.  And someday it shall.  There’s a saying in Ugbae, though, ‘A watched kettle never boils.’  What it means is that when you occupy your time simply with waiting, the time seems to move slower.  Find something to do until the day comes, and it will come faster.”
“I’m not sure I get it, but I’ll try,” the prince replied, though it was obvious this wasn’t the answer he was looking for.
“So Mr. Feng, is it?” A lord from across the table addressed Pergory.
“Aye,” said Pergory as he took a drink of wine.
“My name is Nikola Alley,” the lord introduced himself, “My dear sister lives in Unslad, perhaps you’ve heard of her?  Her first name is Nina, she shares my surname.”
Pergory racked his brains, “I spent a fair amount of time in Unslad, but I don’t recall the name,” he said.
“Ah, well I suppose it was wishful thinking to hope you’d know her,” Nikola replied, “I haven’t heard from her in a few months, I’ve started to worry to tell the truth.”
“I’ve been living in Bolst for the last two years, so even if I had known her, I wouldn’t be able to tell you of her recent doings.”  Pergory said.
“I see,” Nikola said, though his voice was slightly cracked.  It was apparent that he worried for his sister.
“Miss Hathaway,” Princess Marissa called.  Darcie, who was quite understandably standing at the table to eat, looked up from her large array of fruits and vegetables, “You’re a healer?”
“Yes,” Darcie replied, “Learned in both healing and as a doctor.”
“I apologize,” the princess said, “What I ask now may be personal, so please feel free to disregard it.  Are you married?”
Darcie’s eyes seemed to become overcast with shadows.  She looked away and Barnabas saw her blink away a tear.  He was about to change the subject when she suddenly answered.
“I was engaged, once,” she said, her voice hiding much of the pain, but not quite all of it, “Before my transformation.  When I was cast out, the engagement was broken off.  I tried contacting my former fiancé from the moel village in the Maelbog, but he told me that he was already courting another girl from the village.  As a woman with such a bright future ahead of me, it was inevitable that I would marry someone of equal standing.  My fiancé was the son of a powerful man.  So I can only imagine the scandal it cost him and his family when the town found out his fiancé was disgraced and run out of town.”
“Oh,” The princess said, and there were tears in her eyes, “I’m so sorry for mentioning it.”
“Don’t be, my lady,” Darcie told her, and her voice was stronger now, “We must all face the past eventually.”
“The truth,” Barnabas said, causing all to look at him.  He finished chewing the last of his food and continued.  “The past is the truth, the present is the adventure, and the future is the foggy path we all take.  Deny any of them, and you’ll become lost.”
“Agreed,” The king replied.  The others around the table toasted Barnabas’ deep words.  Pergory, as he drank his, had a look in his eyes that Barnabas had never seen there before.  It was hard to identify, but right before the man hid the look, Barnabas recognized it as pain.  To this point, Barnabas had suspected Pergory of having a more troubled past than he let on, and here was more proof to that hypothosis.  As he piled his plates on top of one another for the servers to collect, Barnabas decided to let the man come forward with it in his own time.
 Once they had finished, they retired for the evening.  Barnabas’ group was led to a hall adjacent to the King’s room.  There were four guest rooms, and Barnabas was sleeping in a large ballroom that had been specifically redesigned to be a bedroom fit for someone his size.  The bed, the dressing table and mirror, the bath were all enormous and could easily comfort him.  It was an arrangement the king saw to after Barnabas’ first visit to the castle many years ago.
“Your home away from home?” Pergory asked as he gazed around the room.
“In a sense,” Barnabas replied.  “It is one of the few places that I feel comfortable with.”  Barnabas shut the door so that he and Pergory had privacy.  “There’s something I wish to talk with you about,” he addressed the bard.
“Hmm?” Pergory inquired as he jumped onto the bed.  “Oh is this the talk you were meaning to have with me?”
“More or less,” Barnabas replied, “I have noticed, through your words and body language, certain things about you.  I can’t guess what the truth is, and I don’t have the right to try and force it out of you.  But I suspect that you’re not telling me something about yourself Pergory.  I get the sense you have some great burden that you’re bearing, perhaps have been bearing for quite some time.  I just want you to know that you can confide in me.  I consider you a friend and I hope you consider me one as well.”
Pergory looked shocked for a moment, and then gave a sad smile.  “This is more proof, Barnabas, that fate brought you and I together.  You’re right, I do carry a burden.  But for the moment it is mine.  When our ordeal is over, meaning our trip to Ugbae, I will confide in you.  It’s not a matter that I discuss with just anyone, though you have proven that you are not, in fact, just anyone.  I have told only two people in my life what the matter is, and only at the moment of their death.  It is a secret that I cannot afford to reveal, no matter how much relief it might offer me to share the burden.  Perhaps, though, you are the best person to confide in, as I trust that I won’t have to worry about you revealing the secret.”
“I look forward to it,” Barnabas told him.
“Thank you, friend,” Pergory said, and Barnabas heard nothing but gratitude in the last word.  Pergory exited, allowing Barnabas a certain peace as he pulled a book out of his satchel.  He was reading for a while, when he heard talking from the room to the left of his.  It sounded like Ferellin.  Remembering that he owed Ferellin a visit, Barnabas got up and went into the hall.  Knocking on the door, Ferellin quickly stopped his mumbling and hastily replied, “Enter.”  Barnabas eased his way quietly through the door.
Ferellin was seated on the floor, on a rug.  He was facing the west, where a window would have shown the Moeller Mountains if there had still been daylight out.  His legs were crossed, and Barnabas recognized his stance as one that most casters used when not pressed by urgency to cast.
“Who were you in contact with?” he asked, though keeping his voice from being accusatory or threatening.
“Worried?” Ferellin asked with a slight edge to his voice.  “Don’t be.  I was merely contacting my mate.  That’s not a problem, is it?  I’m allowed to keep in touch with my family during our perilous mission, am I not?”
“Of course you can,” Barnabas answered, “I didn’t know you had a mate.”
“You certainly are an enigma, aren’t you?” Ferellin replied.  “Any human would have simply said, ‘I didn’t know you were married,’ not even caring about the fact that moel do not get married.  But you always make the effort to try and follow others’ customs, don’t you, Barnabas.”
It was the first time Ferellin had called Barnabas by his name.  Figuring that was, at least, a start; Barnabas replied, “It’s called courtesy, Ferellin.  It’s something that you are not used to, but will soon grow accustomed to, and use yourself.”
“Oh really, troll?” Ferellin replied, his voice hissing menacingly, “When was the last time anyone showed you proper courtesy?  Hmm?  When was the last time anyone studied the ways of the trolls so they could take your sensitivities into account?  As far as I can tell, everyone treats you like a very tall human.  That doesn’t bother you?”
“No, it doesn’t,” Barnabas answered both truthfully and without hesitation, “You think that it should, because of your distrust and dislike of humans.  You say no one studies the ways of trolls?  What ways are you talking of?  What customs?  Trolls are mindless, with me being the only exception.  I am making customs for my people with my life.  Clair seems to think that maybe I’m the start of a new species entirely.  Or at the very least the next step in the advancement of the troll.  So I ask you this, as a unique case, how should I be treated?  How should others treat me?”
Ferellin didn’t seem to have an answer to this.  He looked away.
“I have never pretended to be a human,” Barnabas replied, “And for your information, I follow most of their customs because humans have been the race that has been kindest to me over my life.  I owe humanity a great deal.  The moels’ situation is different than mine.  You do not seek to be welcomed by humanity.  You do not wish for their forgiveness or their apologies.  You simply wish to be equals among them.”
“That may be the view of my chief but I don’t follow that line of thinking,” Ferellin said.
“I think that you do,” Barnabas said.  “Admitting when we are wrong to ourselves is often times harder than admitting it to others.”
“Well we can agree on that, at least,” Ferellin said.
“Good night, Ferellin,” Barnabas said as he turned to leave.
“Good Night, Barnabas.”

Chapter 11
Dry Heat


“I’ve never ridden on a train before!” Darcie said as they made their way to Muck’s train yard.  They were packed as tightly as they could with all that the king had given them and were accompanied by twenty soldiers, all in uniform.  This was to be the personal guard that would accompany them to the ship that would take them across the Buearoes Ocean to Ugbae.
“Meh,” one of the guards replied to her, “It’s really not that exciting, especially after we start going through the mountains.  Lots of tunnels, hardly any light, no scenery to marvel at.  But the ocean’s always worth the view, after you finally get out of the hills.”
“I’ve only ridden the train once,” Barnabas commented as they approached the long snaking vessel.  “I still marvel at the design of the thing.  Your race, Clair, outdid themselves tenfold with this giant contraption.”
“One of our proudest achievements, it is,” Clair said cheerily.  She was riding atop of Barnabas shoulders at her request and was fiddling with his ponytail.
“Are you having fun up there?” Pergory asked her, looking up.  His rucksack tinkled with the sound of glass bottles bouncing off each other, and no one was guessing what he had done with his share of the king’s payment.
Clair blushed as she stuck her tongue out at him.  “I’ve never really seen hair this color before,” she answered, “It’s so orange.”
“Natural for a troll,” Barnabas told her, “Our hair is either orange or we are bald.  That goes for both males and females.”
Darcie snorted as she was obviously imagining a balding troll woman.  She was the first to step into the train yard, and everyone could tell that she was eager to board.  It was a grand sight indeed.  The train, painted blue and gold, held five passenger cars and behind those a smattering of box cars full of trade goods and other exports that would be brought to the harbor.  
Once they had loaded their supplies into a box car that the king had specifically designated for their use only, they made their way into a passenger car that the king had also booked singularly for them.  While he enjoyed the company of his traveling companions; train rides were long, and there was little to do.  It’s very easy to notice annoying bits of someone’s personality when you’re cooped up with them for long periods of time.  Barnabas was also slightly put out due to the fact that as soon as they entered the car, it was quite obvious that their journey would not be as comfortable as they had thought.  The seats were made for humans, and Barnabas and Darcie would either have to stand for the entire journey or sit on the floor.
“Don’ worry,” a particularly dirty crewmember said to them as he passed by on his way to the boiler car near the engine, “I’ssa smooth ride.”
“I hope so,” Darcie said quietly.  She laid her chestnut body down and tried to get comfortable.  Barnabas was seated behind her in the aisle.  Pergory, Clair, and Ferellin had all taken seats close by.  It was a half hour before they finally heard the conductor call for final passengers.
“All aboard!” shouted a crew worker.  The train’s whistle blew hoarsely into the dawn as the engines steamed to life and began chugging, pulling all of the cars out of the yard and westward towards the mountains.
Not even an hour later, Barnabas felt a nudge on his shoulder.  He looked left and saw Pergory, who was fidgeting.  “I’m bored as hell,” the bard said.
“We’ve only been traveling an hour, and you’re bored?” Barnabas asked.
“Well there’s not much to do,” Pergory replied, shrugging his shoulders.  “I can’t be the only one.  Clair, are you bored?”
She seemed to snap out of some reverie, “What? Oh, sort of, I guess.”
They pulled out Barnabas’ dice and began playing a few games of Roullesse.  This didn’t last long, however, due to Pergory’s exceptional luck at the game, causing the others to lose interest quickly.  They tried playing the word game that Darcie, Clair, and Barnabas had been playing outside Roger’s Skull, but when they finished they realized only another hour had passed by.
“How much longer?” Darcie asked.
“It’s about an eight hour journey, so six more to go,” Clair answered.
“Ugh,” Darcie grunted in frustration.
“You were so excited earlier,” Ferellin scoffed.
“It’s interesting enough,” she replied weakly, “But something about the way we’re moving is making me sick.”
“Try to get some sleep,” Barnabas offered, “We’ll be heading into the mountains soon and it’ll be dark enough that you shouldn’t have any trouble with it.”
And it seemed at his suggestion that they all started to grow tired.  Darcie nodded off not soon after that, and then Clair and Pergory.  Once they entered the mountains, and were snaking their ways through the tunnels, Ferellin took off his goggles and let his eyes roam the darkness.  They glowed bright green, and though the pitch black made even Barnabas blind, he knew that Ferellin was right at home, almost literally.  Barnabas tried to stay awake as long as possible so that he could sleep through most of the last part of the journey, but soon found himself drifting off with five more hours to go.
He dreamed.  A dream without colors or pictures.  Just feelings.  Someone or thing was calling to him, was in pain.  Abused.  Needed his help.  But it was so dark, Barnabas didn’t know where to go.
In what seemed like no time at all, he found himself being shaken awake.  One of the crewmembers was standing over him.
“We’ve arrived in Port Festwick, sir,” the guard said, “We’ve got some personnel to help you unload your belongings and we’ll need you to sign some papers for us to take back to the king so he knows you made it without trouble.”
“Thank you,” Barnabas said groggily, shaking the sleep out of his mind as he did so.  Pergory was still snoring to his left, though everyone else seemed to have woken up.  Darcie was nowhere to be found, and Barnabas wondered where she could have gotten to when suddenly he heard the compartment open behind him and her clopping footsteps.  He turned to face her and noticed that she seemed very green.
“It seems train travel does not agree with me,” was all she said as she picked up her saddle bag and turned her human half to tie it onto the saddle that the king had outfitted specifically for her to make it more comfortable for Clair, who had complained about the pains of riding barebacked.  It took a while to find a saddle that was comfortable for both of them, however.  Pergory had opted that they got a bigger one in case he needed a ride, but Darcie was quick to inform him that there was no way he would be sitting on her back.
Once they had unloaded they wasted no time and went straight to the harbor, where a ship had been ordered by the king to meet them immediately and to set off without hesitation.  Barnabas was not overly fond of Port Festwick.  It wasn’t a bad town, not by far, but it was a great deal seedier than Bolst and he had once lost an entire purse full of coins here.  Therefore, he had no qualms about their quick departure.
“How long do you think it will take us to cross the ocean?” Clair asked Barnabas as he helped her into the ship.
“I’d guess two weeks…give or take a couple of days,” Barnabas replied.  “This ship seems a little faster than the vessels that have taken me to Ugbae in the past, so I can’t say for sure.”
“You can tell the speed of the ship by looking at it?” Darcie asked.
“It’s in the design,” Clair answered for Barnabas.  “This ship was meant to carry people, heck it may be some rich lord’s personal vessel for all we know.  It’s more streamlined than the cargo ships that were meant for durability rather than versatility.”
“What she said,” Barnabas chuckled as he boarded the ship.
The Bueoroes Ocean was much different than the Goryyun Sea.  The water was much deeper and greener and it seemed to be at less ease, with higher winds.  A week into their journey, they were forced to travel through a great storm.  Barnabas had convinced Clair and Darcie to stay below deck, something neither of them had any problem with.  Darcie had trouble keeping her footing on the best of days and Clair was in danger of being crushed by barrels knocked loose.  Barnabas, Pergory, and Ferellin helped the crew keep the ship afloat.  The lightning and gale seemed to be testing them, Barnabas thought.  The storm lasted two days, and the captain was determined to keep pushing forward the entire time.  After the ship had finally emerged from the storm, however, the crew was exhausted beyond their limit and needed rest.  Clair had volunteered to keep the ship moving in their absence.
“Darcie can follow my instructions and do any of the heavy lifting that I can’t, and I can at least keep us on course,” she insisted when the captain argued with her.  “Just shut up and get some sleep!  My kind built this ship, and I can handle it for a day.”  Barnabas thought that she might have been ashamed of herself for hiding under deck during the storm.  The captain admitted defeat after that and went to get a well deserved sleep.
The rest of their journey went without a hitch, however.  The captain had been impressed with Clair’s knowledge of the running of the ship and had appointed her his first mate for the rest of the voyage.  Towards the end of the journey, they came across a large herd of green whales, which everyone marveled at.
“There’s a beautiful sight I haven’t seen in a while,” Pergory said as one of them crested the surface for air.  Green whales were native to the waters outside Ugbae, due to the warmer climate of the desert.
“Feel good to be home?” Barnabas asked him.
“Well we’re not there yet,” Pergory replied, “But my anticipation is growing, yes.”
They finally reached Harbor Ventas, a city Barnabas was well accustomed to.  Yarlie Kaebah, the bartender in Bolst, was born there and his brother still lived there.  Barnabas decided to stop and visit him.  Barnabas knew that Thax Kaebah ran a bar (something that seemed to be a family trait amongst the Kaebahs) in the town, but he wasn’t sure which, having never actually been to the bar.  He had always meant to stop and introduce himself to Thax during all of his previous travels, but was never given the opportunity.
“We’re looking for a bar?” Ferellin asked.  “Why?  I don’t think the drunk’s run out of ale yet.”
Barnabas laughed, “We aren’t doing it for Pergory’s benefit.  Thax Kaebah is related to a friend of mine and as a bartender is well knowledged with the goings on of the land, and could possibly know how to find the Schieck.  He’s as good a person to start asking as anyone.”
“Do you think it wise, though?” Ferellin asked.
“What do you mean?” Barnabas asked.
“Well I’ll be abrupt.  I won’t trust a human, that’s obvious,” Ferellen explained, “But you cannot deny that walking into a bar and asking around for the Schieck would be the most discreet of moves on our part.  Think about what you must know of the political climate here, Barnabas.  Think about what the king said.  We could accidentally reveal the Schieck’s location to a party wishing to overthrow him.  Or worse yet, we could be looked upon as usurpers ourselves and land in trouble.”
“That’s an excellent point,” Barnabas said as the two of them entered an inn.  The group had split up to better find the bar.  Pergory, who knew Ugbae’s cultures better than anyone else in the group, save Barnabas, went alone.  Clair and Darcie went together, as Clair knew the Ugbaen language and could translate for Darcie.  Barnabas and Ferellin went together due to the fact that there was a high risk of Ferellin being attacked simply for being a moel, and that risk was diminished immensely by Barnabas’ presence.  “We’ll have to be sure to be discreet about it.”
“Well you’re the negotiator,” Ferellin said as they approached the front desk of the inn.
“Welcome to Harbor…Inn…” the clerk said as she slowly took in their appearance.  She was quite young, and obviously scared at the two monsters that had approached her work area.
“Hello,” Barnabas said kindly, “Please don’t be alarmed, we’re friendly.”
“Oh,” she said weakly.  Out of the corner of his eye, Barnabas noticed two large men standing by a hallway.  They were both notching arrows into bows.  He nudged Ferellin and gave him a warning look.  Ferellin nodded.
“We’re simply looking for a bar run by a man named Thax Kaebah,” Barnabas continued.  “Do you know where his establishment is?”
“Thax…Thax Kaebah?” She said.  She was apparently worried that Barnabas and Ferellin would attack if given a wrong answer.  “He owns the Barren.  That’s in lowtown, the business district, you know.”
“Alright, thank you,” Barnabas replied.  “Now that we’ve got that settled,” he pulled out his purse.  An arrow went through it, spilling his coins all over the counter, causing the girl to shriek.  Barnabas whipped around and faced the two men; the one who fired was already notching another arrow.  Ferellin looked alarmed and very angry, so Barnabas gave him another warning look.  He then smiled at the two men who were still aiming at him, and this time he noticed their aim was for his heart and not his hands.  He turned back to the girl, who was positively shaking with fear.
“As I was saying before being rudely interrupted,” he continued as if he had not just been attacked, still eyeing the men out of the corner of his eyes, “We’d like to rent three rooms for tonight only.”
“You want…to rent a room?” she said.
“Three, yes,” Barnabas replied.  The girl looked at the coins, noticing that there were plenty to pay for the rooms and then some.  She looked over at the shooters and waved them down.  They loosened their arrows but still remained watchful.
“How many will be staying,” she asked, and she seemed much more relaxed now.
“Five in total,” Barnabas replied.  “Two in the first room, two in the second room, and one in the third.”
“Do you need any…special accommodations?” She asked.
“Well if you can put a really big chair in the third room for me, that would be splendid,” Barnabas said, “And a nice big rug in the first room.  We’ll have a centaur staying in there and she would prefer to sleep on the ground rather than in a bed.  I’ll throw in a few extra coins for your troubles.”
“We’ll see what we can do,” she replied pleasantly.  The two men noticed her relaxed attitude and seemed to be following suit now.  They were gazing in slight bewilderment at the two docile monsters before them.  “And what name should it be under?” she asked.
“Barnabas,” he replied.
“Surname?”
“The Troll,” Barnabas said with a laugh, “That’ll be the easiest to remember.”
“All right, sir,” she replied with a smile on her face now, “Thank you!”
Barnabas gathered all the coins that he didn’t need to pay for the room and put them back in his purse.  He then turned and, nodding to the archers (who returned the gesture with a wave) walked out the door, Ferellin following.
“Did you see what I did back there Ferellin?” he asked once they had made their way back out to the street.
“I saw you back out of a challenge,” Ferellin replied.  “Those men deserved a confrontation.”
“No they didn’t” Barnabas replied, “This goes back to what I told you earlier.  You want to be treated as an equal; you need to act the part.  You don’t have to pretend to be human; you just have to act civilized and docile.  Of course you’re going to be threatened every now and then, that’s the way it will be.  But if a human walked into your encampment last year, would you not treat him the same way those archers treated us?”
“I suppose we would have,” Ferellin answered, and Barnabas could tell that he was starting to understand.
“Your chief understood how this works long before Mayor Yorkson invited your tribe into Eoru,” Barnabas said as they followed road signs to Lowtown.  “It’s why he didn’t attack me on first sighting when I met your tribe for the first time.  I showed respect for him.  But if you remember, I didn’t have to pretend to be a moel to gain his acceptance either.  I just showed him that I respected the moels’ customs.  And that is what your chief and the mayor wish to accomplish, Ferellin.  Not for us to become one giant unified civilization, but rather simply to understand and respect each other.”
Ferellin said nothing to this, and Barnabas took that as a good sign.  It meant he was thinking about it, considering it.  They continued into Lowtown where they almost immediately met up with Clair and Darcie, who apparently had also found the bar’s location.
“It’s called the Barren!” Darcie called to them as they approached each other.
“We know,” Ferellin replied and Barnabas noticed his voice was slightly less confrontational.   “We figured out it’s location from an innkeeper when we secured rooms for the night.”  Clair and Darcie seemed to notice his change of voice as well.  Clair looked up at Barnabas, who winked at her.  She smiled and together the four of them started walking down the street.
Lowtown was definitely the economic center of Harbor Ventas.  There were so many shops and stands lining the streets that it was hard to tell which shop was selling which goods.  That, and the amount of people in the streets, made it very difficult to navigate.  Luckily they were such an odd group that people seemed to stop what they were doing and make way for them, allowing them a much easier access than it would have been otherwise.  Barnabas, who was so tall that he could easily see over the sea of turban clad people, managed to spot Pergory fighting his way through the crowd towards them.
“The Barren’s this way,” he said as he finally managed to get within earshot, “Back the way I came from that is.  I didn’t go in; I don’t think it’ll open for another couple of hours, from what I was told.”
“Well that gives us time,” Barnabas replied, “Let’s go back to the inn and get comfortable there and drop off our packs.”
So they trudged their way back through the crowd, who after seeing Pergory interact with the odd group, seemed to come to the conclusion they meant no harm.  They went back about their businesses as usual, making it much harder for the group to navigate the streets than before.
They lounged at the inn for a while, acquainting themselves with the locals, most of whom were astounded by both Barnabas and Ferellin.  Barnabas became enthralled in conversation with a group of hunters who had recently ventured into the desert for game, who said they had discovered some ruins of some kind.
“Well I’m no historian or arkingtact,” One hunter started.
“Archaeologist,” Barnabas corrected.
“Right,” the man acknowledged, “But anyway, these old buildings ain’t like anything else I’ve ever seen.  Leastways not around here.  Don’t know who they belonged to in the first place, but it ain’t a wonder why they left the area.”
“Why’s that?” Barnabas asked.
“Place is crawling with camel wolves,” another hunter replied.  “We were lucky that we spotted it from a distance.  Imagine if we’d actually gone into the town!”
“We were up on a ridge, about a quarter of a mile away,” the first man explained.  “We saw the little village, and it was pretty obvious even from that far away that there was no one living there.  Wind was blowing towards us; see, but you couldn’t hear any sound.  No voices, nothing.  I thought that was odd, so I looked closer and sure enough, there wasn’t a soul moving around that town.  Not a single person.  And not too long after that I saw one.  Big old wolf with a hump on it’s back.  I looked around as much of the town as I could see; saw about ten of them altogether.”
“That’s a large pack,” Barnabas said with a low whistle, “You’re very fortunate the wind wasn’t blowing your scent to them.”
“You’re telling me!” the hunter replied.  “I about soiled my pants when I saw them.  Told my boys we’d keep moving till we were well shot of that eyesore before we set up camp for the night.”
“Wish we could have gotten one, though,” one man said.
“We don’t want to pick a fight with one of those things,” the first man said gravely.  “It ain’t worth our lives to try and bag one of ‘em.  The meat doesn’t go for a lot and the hide doesn’t go for near enough to take the risk.”
“You can sell one of those hides for a lot of coin!” the other man retorted.
“You ever actually seen a camel wolf?” the first hunter asked him.
“No, by the time I got there it was too dark to see them,” he replied.
“They’re vicious,” The first hunter said, “Just trust me, alright?  We’re better off leaving them alone.”
It seemed like no time at all and the skies were darkening.  Barnabas and his party headed back into Lowtown, their trip much less cumbersome by the fact they weren’t all carrying their packs.  Darcie had taken off her saddle as well, and seemed to be fairly enthusiastic about it.
“Is it uncomfortable?” Pergory asked after she commented cheerily about it being gone.
“Not really, I just feel like a pack mule or something,” she answered.
The streets were much emptier; all the shops were closing up for the night.  All of the business men and women were going home for the night, leaving the streets looking much seedier than before.  Many untrustworthy looking men and women were hanging around the corners and in the alleyways giving Barnabas’ group suspicious looks as the group made their way to the Barren.  Barnabas was unconcerned by this, knowing there probably wasn’t a single one of them foolish enough to mess with a ten foot troll who was accompanied by a moel.
The Barren was smaller than Barnabas had imagined it would be, though he was still quite impressed that he finally was able to see the place where Orlie Kaebah had made his start in life.
They walked inside, and Barnabas thought his eyes were playing tricks on him.  He felt almost as if he had walked through a portal that led straight to the Silver Piece.  Though the two buildings were not identical in structure, the decorations on the walls and the man behind the bar nearly were.  Even the chairs and stools were the same.  Barnabas thought that Orlie Kaebah must have brought his stools with him when he moved to Bolst.  Thax Kaebah was easily discernable as Orlie’s son and as Yarlie’s brother.  He was built almost exactly the same, and had the same bulbous nose, as well as the same tuft of hair right atop his head.  He wasn’t wearing the turban normally associated with people of Ugbae.
Thax looked up from a glass he was polishing and took in the strange group walking through his door.  A frown formed on his face, which soon turned to a look of curiosity.  Barnabas seated himself in front of the man.
“You must be Thax,” Barnabas started introducing himself, “My name is…”
“Barnabas,” Thax said gruffly, “I know who you are.  You must be the monster everyone’s been telling me about.  The one who’s been walking around town asking about me?”
“Well you seem well informed, anyhow,” Barnabas said with a smile.
“The news travels faster than feet in this town,” Thax said, continuing the polishing of his glass, “But you and I are more acquainted than that, I suppose.  I’ve received many letters from my father and brother in Bolst about the giant grey man who frequents the Silver Piece from time to time.  I had hoped I’d meet you in a month’s time when I went to Bolst to visit my brother.  I guess this is good as well.”
“Your relations have always been very courteous to me,” Barnabas said warmly.
“They always spoke highly of you in their letters,” Thax replied with the first smile Barnabas had seen on his face.  “But I suppose that meeting me isn’t your reason for being here tonight.”
“Well, not the whole reason anyway,” Barnabas answered.  “I don’t suppose you have a minute to talk with us in private.”
“Give me an hour and my employee will be with us,” Thax said quietly, “She can watch the bar while we discuss things.  Until then, you and yours have a drink on me.”
Barnabas and company ordered drinks and sat taking in the atmosphere, chatting with locals until finally an older woman walked in.  She was wearing traditional Ugbaen attire, a shawl covering her graying hair and a long cloak that was handy for keeping the harsh wind at bay.
“Ah, Saretset,” Thax said with a smile, “Good to see you!”
“Good evening, Thax,” she replied, yawning as she did so.
“Still not getting enough sleep, I see,” Thax commented.
“Not really,” she replied, rubbing her eyes.
“Which would imply that you’re still having the dreams,” Thax said knowingly.
“They’re getting more vivid,” she replied, “Some nights they’re so bad I don’t want to go back to sleep once they wake me up.”
“Well I need you to watch the bar for a bit while I take care of some business, and we’ll see about getting you home after that.”  Thax said kindly.  He gestured to Barnabas’ group to follow him, and proceeded to lead them up a flight of stairs to living quarters where Thax obviously resided.  He lit up a pipe as they got as comfortable as they could.
“You’ll have to excuse Saretset,” Thax said grimly, “She’s a for-seer.”  Barnabas, Pergory, and Ferellin looked shocked at the words.  Darcie gasped and put her hand to her mouth.  Clair however, looked between them all confused.
“A for-seer?” She asked, “What’s that?”
“It’s the term for someone who has visions of the future,” Ferellin answered.
“She can see the future?” Clair asked, amazed at the concept.
“In a sense,” Barnabas explained.  At Thax’s revelation, Barnabas’ mind took him back in time many years to when he had first begun learning magical theory from Wallace Smither in Bolst.  Though Barnabas had reason to doubt the man’s sanity, as well as his guidance, he had no reason to doubt the information he had received about for-seers.  He remembered it vividly, Smither standing before him, his wispy yellow hair scattered unkempt about his face, a gleam of determination in his pale blue eyes.
“You see, Barnabas,” Smither had told him excitedly, “For-seeing is unlike any other type of magic.  You can’t choose to be a for-seer.  You can’t just wish it to happen and glimpse the future of your own accord, believe me, I’ve tried.  Still do from time to time.  No, for-seers are rare, and they are a very unfortunate lot.  Sometimes they see certain facts; sometimes they see merely an outcome of something that could be a result of any number of variables that might play out over the course of an indeterminable amount of time.  For example, a for-seer could have a dream about finding a gold coin in front of the Silver Piece, and then the next day find such a coin.  Or they could dream about the world ending in fire and brimstone, and then on the day it was supposed to happen all that they get is a rainstorm, because the events that would have ended the world didn’t transpire the way they should have to make the sight a reality.  Some say that for-seeing isn’t really a part of the tree of magic at all, and is a separate gift of the deities altogether.  It’s unknown for sure, because no known for-seer has ever been gifted with any magic aside from it.”  It wasn’t long after this conversation that Barnabas had ended his professional relationship with Wallace Smither, due to Barnabas not wishing to provoke the experiments of a man who was clearly a bit unstable.
Barnabas explained this to Clair, and her eyes grew wide, as she started to understand what it implied.
“What kind of dreams is she having?” Darcie asked Thax.
“The end of the world,” Thax answered, nodding to Barnabas to indicate the accuracy of his explanation.   “I tell her that the visions are as likely to come true as any other for-seers’ visions have, and to not let them trouble her.  Though what she told me last night chills my bones.  She said, ‘If there really was no merit to them, why would I have the same dream, only more and more horrid, every night?’”
“It’s quite ominous,” Pergory said.  “Does she tell you what the dreams entail?
“Simply the wrath of the deities crashing down on the world,” Thax answered, and there was a slight hint of fear in his voice, “She won’t go into greater detail than that.”
“I hope she can find comfort,” Darcie said sympathetically.
“I hope that she’s wrong,” Ferellin said.
“Agreed,” Barnabas said.
“You said you had questions,” Thax said after taking a few drags of his pipe.
“We’re on a mission from King Ruothenak,” Barnabas stated baldly, “We need to speak with the Schieck as soon as possible.”  Thax raised his eyebrows and continued to puff his pipe, deep in thought.
“I don’t suppose you could reveal the details of your mission,” Thax said, “It could allow me to give you a more appropriate answer.”
“What do you mean?” Ferellin asked, “All we want to know is the Schieck’s location.”
“I understand that,” Thax replied, “But there are many variables that you need to consider.  I know how to contact the Schieck, and I know how to contact his advisors.  I’m only allowed to do the former under the most important of circumstances.  I’m not about to risk my life for an unimportant matter.”
“Our matter is considerably dire,” Barnabas replied.
“I would surmise that it may involve the war Gathnad hopes to brew,” Thax commented.
“Ugbae is aware, then?”  Pergory asked.
“Aware of rumors,” Thax answered.  “They circulate the ports such as this one from untrustworthy mouths, which doesn’t give our government enough reason to act on them.”
“We have proof of their validity,” Barnabas answered.  “The south is planning war.  Not only that, we have considerable reason to believe they’ll begin their preparations soon.”
“Though how much time is available to us, you do not know,” Thax said, realizing the meaning of Barnabas’ words.
“It could be weeks before they begin,” Clair said, “It could be months.”
“I see,” Thax said, nodding his head, “The Schieck should be informed immediately.  Unfortunately this is still not an easy process.”
“We’re prepared for that,” Barnabas said with confidence.
“Good,” Thax said with a smile, “Of course, the first thing you’ll need to do is go to Unslad.  There’s a well beaten path forged by the caravans that will take you straight there.  Keep heading west out of town.  I’d advise you to travel alone; you never know who might be traveling in the caravans.  Watch out for sand bears, they sometimes appear on the path a few miles south east of Verigas, which is halfway between.  In fact, I’d advise you to circle that town if you have no need to stop.  The people there are not so friendly.
“Once you get to Unslad, things will get tricky for you.  Though the capitol building is there, no one aside from authorized members of the government are allowed inside.  You’ll need to get in touch with my contact in Unslad.  There are two, one for contacting the Schieck himself and one for his advisors.  The man you’ll be looking for runs a jewelry store on the southern edge of town.  It’s called the Rough Diamond.  His name is Gashneth Mott.  Tell him that I sent you, and this is important, say the word, ‘smokestack.’  It’s how he will know this is a genuine meeting.  Inform him of what you need, and he’ll handle it from that point.”
“That’s a lot to remember,” Darcie replied.
“Don’t worry,” Barnabas said, “I’m quite adept at remembering things.”
“That’s good,” Thax commented, “Because if you make any mistake in that process, Gashneth will have troops murder you on the spot.  They don’t take any risks when it comes to the Schieck.  In fact, it may be best if your human friend does that part on his own; you and your moel friend may be seen as a threat immediately.”
“We’ll discuss it,” Barnabas said, Pergory nodding to him as he did.
“Will you be leaving tonight?” Thax asked.
“No,” Barnabas answered, “We’ve had a long travel and we’ll spend the night to rest our limbs.”
“That would be what I advise,” Thax said in approval, “It’s a two week journey by foot.  If you have enough coin, I’d suggest renting quaiddians for those three,” he said, indicating Pergory, Ferellin, and Clair.
“Well Clair here will be alright without one,” Darcie said, swishing her tail as she did, “But it’d be funny to see these two on quaddians, wouldn’t it?”
“It’d be worth the coin just for the comedic value,” Barnabas agreed, chuckling as he did so.
“Oh please,” Pergory scoffed, “Don’t forget I grew up in this country.  I know how to ride a quaddian.”
“Of course,” Darcie said, “I’m just wondering if you’ve done it while drunk?”  Thax was now leading them back downstairs into the bar, and Darcie seemed to have more trouble going down the stairs than she did going up, and as such was the last person in line.
“I’ve been more or less consecutively drunk for the past fifteen years,” Pergory said proudly.  “I could recite half of the book of the Deities for you while drunk, let alone ride a quaddian.”
Barnabas laughed at this.  Thax offered the group a few more rounds before they returned to the inn, which they had no reason to not accept.  They spent much of the night in good spirits; singing songs, dancing, and Barnabas even showed off his immense strength after a few rounds by lifting heavier and heavier burdens over his head.  After a while however, it became clear that the drinks were slightly stronger than those offered in most bars in Ruoth.  The only people seemingly unaffected by the drinks were Barnabas and Pergory, due to their high tolerances.  And the more they drank, the more Barnabas worried about the more delicate members of his party.  Clair had passed out in the middle of a song, and Barnabas thought it would be prudent to relocate to the inn after Ferellin showed signs of getting into a fight he most certainly wouldn’t have won.  They bid Thax a good night and retired to their rooms.

Chapter 12
Warning a Nation


The next day they set out for Unslad almost immediately.  Pergory had complained about the early hour, but Barnabas noticed something strange about his complaint.  He wasn’t sure, but it sounded as if the complaint was rehearsed.  He couldn’t understand why the man would do something like that, however, and chalked it up to one of the many mysteries of the bard.
After the Great War, and shortly after Ruoth was settled, a group of citizens became unsatisfied with the political direction that Emperor Gathnad was leading his country.  This group left Gathnad and rather than taking their chances with Ruoth, they headed northwest.  Northwestern Gathnad was home to the Hadarac Desert, which was fitting considering that the continent above it was home to the Murdok Desert.  The difference between the two was that the Hadarac used to be the Hadarac Gulf.  But a climate change had dried the gulf, leaving bare cracked earth; and the flora and fauna were the descendents of the sea life that used to live there.
The Murdok Desert, however, was much different.  It housed dunes of sand as far as the eye could see, interrupted by the occasional oasis, which were the only sources of life in the harsh region.  The settlers who colonized the area set up civilizations at any of these junctions that they could find.  But there was not a lot of unision between the settlements.  A gnomish woman by the name of Mericia Unsladic teamed up with a dwarven miner named LeBlanc Ugbae and together they discovered large deposits of ore under the desert’s surface.  This was the catalyst needed to turn the scattered settlements of the desert into a thriving economy and a nation.  The continent was soon named after its leader, Ugbae; and the capitol city after his wife, Unslad.
Barnabas and his group departed the port before the sun was up.  The desert was actually pleasant that early in the morning, the air was cool and they were able to keep their faces uncovered for a while.  They traveled in good spirits for a few hours, but then the Unsladic sun slowly crawled up the eastern horizon, bringing with it the near unbearable heat of the desert with it.  The moods slowly started dropping as the day waned.  They were all dressed in the tunics and headdresses that King Ruothenak had supplied them with, but it was only a slight improvement.
Ferellin was hurt the worst by all of this.  His skin was ill fit for such a dry heat; and though not even a hint of it was showing through the garments he was wearing, he was still very obviously uncomfortable, unpleasant, and nearly always trying to stay in the large shadow that Barnabas was casting.  Barnabas didn’t tell off his unpleasantness for a while, understanding the cause of it.  But after the moel nearly brought Clair to tears with a hurtful remark, Barnabas chastised him with a warning.
“I understand you’re hurting,” Barnabas said, and the heat was causing an edge to his voice that was not normally there, “But if you pull an act like that again I will beat those goggles into your skull and carry you the rest of the way in my bag.”
Ferellin didn’t speak much after that, though Barnabas could tell by his body language that this was due to genuine remorse for the action rather than fear of a beating.  His hanging head and slower walking speed spoke volumes to Barnabas receptive eyes.
They stopped only once before nightfall.  Pergory halted the group, much to Darcie’s, Clair’s, and Ferellin’s dismay.
“We only have a few more hours walk before it gets dark,” Clair complained, the sweat beading down her eyes, “Why in Father Time’s name are we stopping now?”
“Because these,” Pergory said, and Barnabas thought possibly a little too cheerfully, “Happen to be sand bear footprints.  Fresh, too.”  He stared at them for a moment, his eyes squinting against the harsh sun that seemed to be actively working against them.  Clair was too tired to even look fearful at this news, though Barnabas thought it might have been because she had never seen a sand bear before, and therefore had no idea the danger they could possibly be in.
“Just be patient,” Barnabas told her, though he doubted she or the others had much more capacity for patience at this point, “Pergory and I just need a few moments so we can decide which direction to continue walking without running into the beast.”
They had to wait nearly ten minutes while Barnabas and Pergory scouted the desert ahead.  Pergory noted the angle the tracks were facing suggested that the bear was more or less following the same path they were, only just north of it.
“We should start angling south until we can only just see the road,” Pergory said to Barnabas.  “That way we’re less likely to leave a scent on the wind that she can pick up.”
“She?” Barnabas asked.
“You can tell it’s a female by the positioning of the prints,” Pergory replied, indicating the freshest prints they were looking at (and some of the only ones that hadn’t blown away with the wind).  Barnabas inspected the tracks closer and realized Pergory’s observation was correct.
“Females are more hostile than males,” he said ominously as they made their way back to the group.
“Trust me, I know,” Pergory replied.
“So what’s the plan?” Darcie asked as she fanned what little of her face that was visible through her shawl.
“We’re going to head just south of the trail,” Barnabas replied, “That way we won’t run into it.  I’ve bagged a sand bear in the past and it is not an experience I would wish to repeat, especially not when we are all tired and overheated.  The day will end soon, I’ll stand guard while you all sleep and wake either Ferellin or Pergory when I need to sleep.”
“Wake me,” Pergory offered, “Ferellin’s in worse shape than I am.  He needs the rest.”  Barnabas nodded his agreement, and Ferellin looked relieved.
It wasn’t long before the sun started going down.  The air chilled considerably, and their fatigue seemed to double as the atmosphere grew more comfortable.  As the sun slipped over the horizon, they agreed to set up camp.  Darcie and Clair fell asleep as soon as they rested their heads.  Ferellin made his nightly report to Eoru and his mate and then nodded off as well.  Pergory was sitting off gazing at the stars a ways from the rest of the group.
“It’s been a while since I saw these stars,” he said as Barnabas approached, “That bright one there, it’s not visible from Ruoth.  My father used to tell me stories about it.  How it’s the grand palace of the Deities.”
“The Golden Shrine,” Barnabas said, gazing up as well.
“So are you going to fight in the coming war, Barnabas?” Pergory asked.
“I guess I haven’t thought about that yet,” Barnabas answered truthfully.  He wasn’t afraid of the idea of fighting, but there was something about it that made him uneasy.  “I will admit, I dislike fighting, I’d rather be on as an advisor.  I’ll have to talk with the King.  The fact is, I am too valuable to not be put in the fight, all humility aside.  The King would appreciate my insights as well as my strength.  Not to mention, the idea of me not fighting would seem ludicrous to the average man.”
“I’ve always wondered when the next big war would break out,” Pergory said, “I figured it was only a matter of time.”
“What do you mean?” Barnabas asked.
“Well, there have never really been any wars since the Great War,” Pergory answered, “But with a nation like Gathnad it seemed weird to me that in all the time that has passed, they hadn’t done anything.  I mean, there have been skirmishes for ownership of islands and the like, and Gathnad is pretty fierce about their territory, but nothing on a large scale.  The fights between moelkind and humanity at times nearly became violent enough to be considered wars; but were always quelled before any real bloodshed could occur.  I’ve been wondering when war would finally emerge again, and now that we are on the precipe of it, it almost seems too surreal to be true.”
“I know the feeling,” Barnabas said, “I hope that these events will right themselves.  Perhaps our actions can help prevent the war.  It’s part of the reason I want to see this all through.”
“What’s the rest of the reason?” Pergory asked.
“I’m not sure,” Barnabas replied, his thoughts racing, “I feel like I’m missing something.  A large piece of the big picture.  Something in my mind, in my instincts, is telling me that I need to keep moving towards the truth.  I can’t shake the feeling that the events unfolding before us are more complicated than we are aware of, and that feeling won’t let me rest until I have figured it out.”  Pergory yawned loudly, and Barnabas knew it was not because he was bored.  “I’ll leave you to get some sleep,” he said, and walked back to his satchel.  Pulling out his lantern and a good book, he started reading.
Barnabas woke up the next morning a little late.  It seemed the fatigue of the previous day had caused everyone to sleep in a little.
“You didn’t wake us?” Clair asked Pergory through a yawn.
“The desert will be just as harsh as yesterday,” Pergory said in an almost grim voice, “It’s best that you all be as rested as possible.”
“Did you go back to sleep at all?” Darcie asked him.
“Nary a bit, my dear!” he said gallantly, “I was like an owl; ever watchful for dangers and…”
“Spare us,” Ferellin cut him off as he snapped his goggles over his eyes, “Let’s get this over with.”
“If you tire out, Ferellin, you could ride on my back,” Darcie offered him.
“Or I could carry you,” Barnabas added.
“No need,” Ferellin answered and his voice was a bit softer than usual.  “It’s best if I stick to Barnabas’ shadow, where it’s at least a little cooler.”
“Wait!” Pergory stopped them and faced Darcie, “He can grab a ride from you and I can’t?”
“I don’t have to worry about Ferellin’s hands wandering,” she answered matter of factly.  She trotted off, humming to herself.
“She’s starting to warm up to me, I think,” Pergory said as he gathered up his pack.
“It might be the sun playing tricks on her mind,” Ferellin said in an oily voice.
They marched onward, heading northwest so that they were back on the trail.  Their journey was just as harsh as the previous day’s, only they were also fatigued from the previous day’s effort.  They had to stop multiple times for drinks.  Pergory led them off the path for a short while to a small oasis where they were able to procure fruits and fresh water.
“The caravans stop here on their journeys,” he told them as they left the oasis, “It’s really a shame we didn’t happen upon one.  The caravans have a lot better options for sale than the oases have growing.”
“It may be better that we didn’t,” Barnabas said, recalling what Thax told them about the possible dangers of the caravans.  Soon they had refilled their flasks and bottles and made their way back to the trail.  They continued this process for three more days, stopping only when necessary.  A little after noon on the third day, the town of Verigas appeared over the horizon.
“Should we skate around?” Clair asked, obviously thinking on Thax’s warning.
“That depends,” Barnabas said while staring at the town.  He turned to Pergory.  “Are there any more watering holes between here and Unslad?”  Pergory racked his brains for a bit.
“Maybe,” he finally answered, “But it would be a long trek, and out of our way as well.  My vote is to make a quick stop here.  We won’t be long.  Verigas isn’t so bad during daytime.  If it were later in the day I’d vote for passing around the town.”
“We can’t afford to let the water supply dwindle,” Barnabas said, “We’ll have to risk it.”
“I’ve spent some time in this town,” Pergory replied, “I’ll make sure we don’t get into trouble.”
The town was fairly rundown.  The shacks had a very aged look, and Barnabas thought that appearances were not forefront in the minds of the villagers.  There was a well towards the center of the town.  Eyes were glaring at them from every corner, nook, and window as they made their way deliberately to it.  Pergory was drawing the water whilst Barnabas pulled coins out of his purse.
“I’ve never known a town to charge for something like water,” he said to the man running the operation.  There were a few heavy set men and women behind him with large scimitars, eyeing the group warily.
“Well you’d imagine there’s quite a demand,” the man said, his voice whistling through a large gap between two of his front teeth.  “And where there’s a demand and a supply together, there’s a profit waiting to be had.”
“More like a robbery,” Darcie said sourly, “Twelve Sapphire coins to fill our flasks?”
“Well if you’re that upset,” the man grinned at her, “You could always head northwest twelve miles.  There’s an oasis there that doesn’t charge a ruby coin.”
“Pergory, finish up and let’s get out of here,” Barnabas said, Pergory stiffened at the sound of his name.
“Pergory?” the man asked, shocked.  “What did you call him?”  The man peered around Barnabas and fully took in Pergory’s appearance.  “By the deities!  It is you, Feng!”
“Hello, Ingos,” Pergory said.  Barnabas noticed the tenseness of his voice, and the way the guards all seemed to frown at Pergory’s name.
“My Deities, look at you!” Ingos exclaimed, “Time’s been good to you, hasn’t it?”
“I guess you could say that,” Pergory answered, “It’s been a while.”
“It sure has,” Ingos said, “It’s good to see you though!  I thought you’d gone to Ruoth!”
“I did, and I’ll return there in a fashion,” Pergory replied, “I’m giving my friends here a tour of the country.”
“Huh,” Ingos grunted, taking in Barnabas, Darcie, Clair, and Ferellin, “Tour guide, eh?  I suppose it’s good money.  You always had a knack for looking out for yourself.”
“Well, it’s kind of a one time thing,” Pergory replied, “They were coming to Ugbae and wanted a guide, I needed the coins.  I doubt I’ll be doing it again.  I’ve got a good living starting up in Ruoth.”
“Finally settling down?” Ingos asked.
“Not a chance!” Pergory said with a laugh, “More of the same, really, only without the desert heat.”
“Hah!” Ingos replied, “Well don’t be shy, why don’t you introduce me to your friends?”
Pergory went around the group, introducing them all to Ingos and the guards.  But Barnabas could see a look in his eyes that suggested they not say much.  Ingos tried to chew the fat for a while, but eventually Pergory managed to convince him of their rush.
“No, Ingos,” Pergory said, “I’m really sorry, I don’t mean to rush out like this, but we’re kind of on a schedule you know.”
“Of course, of course,” Ingos replied.
“I’ll stop by on my way back to Ruoth, when we’re not in as big of a hurry.”
“Until then,” Ingos said.
“Goodbye,” Pergory said, and with that they walked westward out of town.  Once they were definitely out of earshot, the questions started.
“How do you know that man?” Barnabas asked.
“We pulled some stints in Yu’egba together,” Pergory replied.
“Thievery?” Barnabas asked.
“In a sense,” Pergory answered, “We were stealing from the Lord of Yu’egba, and we were only stealing the outlandish tax money that he was charging the citizens.  I don’t consider that proper stealing.  I gave my share of the prize back to those I knew deserved it.  Ingos kept his for himself and got himself drinks and women every night.  That’s what ended our…relationship.”
“You seemed pretty friendly,” Clair said.  “Or did I miss something?”
“Let’s just say that if Barnabas and Ferellin hadn’t been there, we wouldn’t have been so friendly,” Pergory answered, “I would suggest not stopping In Verigas on our return journey.”
“What happened that made you enemies?” Ferellin asked.
“He forced a woman,” Pergory answered darkly.  “A woman I was well acquainted with.  It took a lot of friendly talk and promises to convince her to tell me, and when she finally did, I knocked out his front tooth.  Of course, a man like that doesn’t see what he did wrong.  This was well after we stopped working together, and he was already a little bitter about that turn of events.  His new gang decided I was a target.  Most of that gang was guarding the well.  I suppose the rest that I knew have died.  That’s the way it goes in a gang like that.
“I didn’t know he would be in that town,” Pergory concluded, “Or I’d have taken the twelve mile hike to the oasis.”
“Are we going to have to watch our backs tonight?” Barnabas asked seriously.
“It’d be wise,” Pergory replied, “I don’t think he’d leave his well unguarded for that long, money’s a lot easier to spend than revenge; but he might take the opportunity while he’s got it.  He knows that there’s no way in the boggiest ring of hell that I’d go back to Verigas knowing he was waiting for me.”
They were more than wary as they packed up for the night.  Pergory assured them that Ingos would not be likely to attack that night, but it was still on everyone’s mind as they laid their heads.  Twice during the night, Barnabas thought he heard movement and nearly woke up the camp.  Eventually it was Pergory’s turn for watch, and Barnabas went to sleep.
It took them another four days to reach Unslad at the rate they were traveling, and by the time they actually reached the city, the group was tired, grumpy, and low on water.  They all agreed that a stay in beds was in order and although it was only midday, they traveled to the nearest inn and took rest.  The city was grander than Verigas or the harbor town, with tall buildings lining the sky in all directions, seemingly without end.  Though the city had a prestigious look to it, there was also a hint of dreariness, as the predominant color that seemed to shroud every surface was a dull brown, making the city seem less vibrant than it was.
They bought rooms for the night, after yet another small encounter with the local authorities due to the absurdity of Barnabas’ and Ferellin’s appearance.  Wearliy they made their way to their rooms.  Barnabas normally didn’t sleep for long periods at a time; however he also didn’t travel through the desert for weeks at a time either.  He managed to sleep eight hours, which was normal for a human but absurdly long for him.  Upon awakening, he went down to the lobby of the inn to find Pergory also awake and appearing well rested.
“How long have you been awake?” Barnabas asked as he settled on the floor next to the chair Pergory was seated in.  There were no chairs big enough for Barnabas himself.
“Only an hour or so,” Pergory replied as he took a sip from his flask.  He had a scroll in his hand and was avidly reading it.  “The town’s news,” he said, noticing Barnabas’ obvious interest in the scroll.  “Unslad publishes a new scroll whenever something newsworthy happens in the world.”
“I’ve heard of it,” Barnabas replied, “It’s a fascinating idea.  I hope it catches on in other parts of the world.”
“We’d be the perfect people to make that idea a reality, you know,” Pergory replied.
“Oh really?” Barnabas chuckled, “And how is that would you wager?”
“Well with all the traveling we do,” Pergory replied, “Not to mention the fact that we seem to always be right in the middle of all of the interesting goings on in the world, I don’t doubt we could make some sort of profit from the idea.”
“I suppose,” Barnabas laughed, “Except for the fact that I couldn’t afford to be away from Eoru for as much time as I’d need to to make it a reality, and it seems like a lot of work for you to be accomplishing.”
“I was only joking anyway,” Pergory replied, “Still though, it’d pay for a lot of ale.”  Before Barnabas even had time to snort at that comment, the other members of their group started appearing, groggy eyed, but well rested.
“We should depart as soon as possible,” Barnabas replied, “I’m a little anxious that we didn’t go straight to Gashneth Mott as soon as we got here.”
“Don’t be,” Ferellin said, “We are supposed to do this right, and that wouldn’t have happen as fatigued as we were.  We’re much better off rested.”
“He’s right,” Darcie agreed, “We needed a good sleep, that couldn’t be helped.”
“I know,” Barnabas said, “I just feel uneasy for some reason, that’s all.”  It was the same feeling he’d had in his gut since he first left Eoru with nothing but rumors.  A strange feeling of dread; that he was missing a big piece of a large puzzle, or perhaps even multiple pieces.  He had hoped the feeling would have gone away after he got to Gathnad, but after learning the truth it had simply grown.  He felt that any moment they wasted was a much more serious matter than it appeared to be.
They left the inn, Pergory leading them through the almost endless streets and allyways.  They passed by multiple shops, inns, and bars.  Each one had the same grandeur look that was slightly put off by the layer of dust that inevitably covered any surface no matter how much polish was put into it.  There were shops that offered protective clothing for the harsh weather, several market stalls that sold goods from the other continents.  Barnabas took note of the very little amount of Gathnadian goods for sale.
“Excuse me,” he asked a shopkeeper who was selling Gathnadian wares.  The woman gave the usual alarmed jump that most people gave when Barnabas addressed them, “I couldn’t help but notice that your merchandise comes from Gathnad.”
“They do,” she answered him plainly, still taking in his appearance.
“Not a lot of stock, though,” Barnabas commented, “Why’s that?”
“Dunno,” she answered in her thick drawling Gathnadian accent, “I haven’t been getting my usual shipments in from the port.  The last few shipments have either been late or nonexistent.”
“I see,” Barnabas replied, confirming his suspicions as he resumed walking.
They cut through a few alleyways and were soon just outside the main commercial area of the city.  There they were in the merging point of the business district and the residential area, and there were both houses and business on all sides of them.  One of these businesses was the Rough Diamond, the shop they had been looking for.  It was a small, out of the way looking shop.  There weren’t lot of customers to be seen around or inside of it.  Barnabas didn’t think that was a coincidence, however.  If Gashneth Mott was really a contact of the Schieck, he would not have wanted to draw unwanted attention to himself or his shop.  There was little merchandise on display, and not much of it was of a high quality.  Barnabas assumed he made most of his coin in information trading and setting up meetings with the Schieck, as his wares were quite obviously not his primary source of income.
Standing behind the counter was a burly man.  Barrel chested, he easily came up to Barnabas’ shoulders, an impressive feat of height for a human.  His clothing was tailor made and even then they were strained on the chest and arms.  The man was very fit, a good quality for someone whom others would attempt to intimidate would they know of his connections.  His black turban and twisted goatee gave him a slightly sinister look, not helped in the slightest by an eyepatch that clearly stated, “This man is not afraid to kill.”  To complete this picture was a giant scimitar resting on his hip.
“Hello wayfarers,” The man said smoothly as they approached the counter.  “Take a look around the shop if you would.  See what interests you.”
“We weren’t really looking for jewelry,” Barnabas said politely.  “I was hoping to speak with Gashneth Mott.”
“Then you are in luck, good monster, for it is he whom with you now speak,” The man stroked his goatee as he spoke, taking in Barnabas and company with his good eye.
“This place came highly recommended in Harbor Ventas,” Barnabas said seriously, “Particularly from my friend, Thax Kaebah.  He said you could help me with my smokestack.”  Barnabas put a bit of emphasis on this last word, and Gashneth’s eye grew wide at the statement.  He went from behind the counter and checked the street outside.  Locking his door, he went back behind the desk.
“So a friend of Thax,” Gashneth replied, “Well he doesn’t send just anyone here.  I assume you have urgent business with our schieck, otherwise you would not be here.”
“Of the most importance,” Barnabas replied, “It is imperative that I speak with him immediately.”
“Well,” Gashneth smiled, “I can help you there.  The Schieck doesn’t see just anyone.  The fact that you’ve gone to this trouble already, though, will be enough.  I will escort you to the palace.  Do not fall more than ten steps behind me.  Do not look into the faces of the guards.  Do not speak until spoken to by the Schieck.  I will represent you until you are in the presence of the Schieck.  There may be those in the palace who will tempt you to disobey any of those orders.  Failure to comply with them will destroy your chance of meeting the Schieck, as well as get you sent to the colossal games as a death penalty under possible usurping charges.  It is not a fate you would wish upon yourself or any of your fine friends here.”  He glanced at all of them in turn.  “Is this understood?”  They all nodded.  “Good,” Gashneth finished, “Let’s go.”
They made their way back into the street.  Barnabas was more than a little surprised at how smoothly the setup had gone, and could only hope that they could get into the Schieck’s palace without any hassle.  He knew that there would probably be people, important diplomats and the like, within the palace that would (for reasons known only to themselves) harass them upon entry.  This animosity would be directed towards himself, Darcie, and Ferellin; who would be considered monsters wherever they went.  Knowing that Ferellin had a temper, Barnabas sincerely hoped that either they would not run into trouble, or that Ferellin had actually learned something from their brief encounter with the people at the inn back in Harbor Ventas.
Like always, people were staring at the odd group.  But as they got closer and closer to the palace, the glares become more and more suspicious.  Barnabas could feel eyes watching him at all times.  More than a few times he actually made eye contact with people.  Most of them looked away quickly and went about their business.  Once, though, Barnabas noticed a man staring, which wasn’t odd except for the intenseness of his gaze.  Barnabas felt as though he was being studied, or evaluated.  Barnabas knew the look most people had when they first layed eyes on him.  The mixed look of fear, awe, and a natural hatred for his species.  This man’s look was more in the line of one sizing up his opponents in a spar.
“He’s been following us,” Barnabas thought to himself.  “For how long, I don’t know.  We’ll have to be more careful from now on.”  Of course, to keep in line with Gashneth’s rules, he couldn’t convey this to the rest of his team.  Barnabas was slightly put off at the idea of anyone following him for any amount of time without his awareness of it.  He (Barnabas) was usually very perceptive towards that sort of thing.  He decided to ask Pergory about it later, to see if the bard had noticed anything unusual.
The palace itself wasn’t very special, at least not to look at from the outside.  Barnabas thought that perhaps it was because in the past few months he had seen both Gathnad’s and Ruoth’s grand castles, but this was simply a large version of all the other shacks in Unslad, albeit much larger than the rest of them.  Behind it, just visible among many streets and houses, was the enormous coliseum.  Barnabas had never been comfortable with the coliseum and had no intention of going there, whether as a spectator or a prisoner.  There was a small group of seemingly normal people gathered around the door of the palace, but Barnabas’ perceptive eyes noticed that every single one of these people was heavily armed.
“Wait a moment,” Gashneth held out his hand, stopping the group. He approached the door and began speaking with the guards.  Barnabas and company merely stood still and watched as Gashneth spoke quietly with them.  They stood for an hour watching this exchange before Gashneth finally returned.  “Sorry for the wait,” he replied, “It was a little more difficult to convince them to allow some of you in.” Barnabas didn’t need to ask to know whom Gashneth was referring to.
The inside of the palace was much grander than the outside.  The rich heritage of Ugbae adorned every wall in the form of oil paintings, golden statues of previous Schiecks, and other testimants of Ugbae’s cultural artisans.  At one point they passed a grand library, more impressive than either Gathnad’s or Ruoth’s.  All around them men, dwarves, and occasionally gnomes were milling about, conversing.  At every corner and in front of every door was a heavily armed guard.  From the moment they entered the palace, Barnabas could discern the distrust amongst them.  As they moved closer and closer to the Schieck, the mutterings became insulting, to plain distasteful.  These people did not like outsiders, and a larger group of outsiders had not set foot in the palace in many years.
Barnabas glanced down at Ferellin, and was unsurprised to see a look of deep loathing in his face.  It was obvious that most of the mutterings they were hearing were directed towards the moel, and Barnabas hoped that Ferellin could keep his temper in check until they had exited the palace.
Before long they had reached a set of grand doors that Barnabas assumed was the Schieck’s throne room.  The guards questioned Gashneth, though this time it was a much shorter wait.  The doors opened, revealing a stately room adorned with deep green hangings from the ceilings and windows.  Pillars held the ceiling in place, though Barnabas supposed they were merely for decoration, as the ceiling’s design was sound enough without them.  The walls were decorated with more paintings, and ancient weaponry that had long outlived their usefulness, kept only as mementos as they had belonged to Schiecks of the past.  This was the only room with any carpeting at all, a long green roll that matched the hangings in color and design.  This carpet led to a large golden throne, wherein sat the Schieck.
Barnabas, nor anyone else in their group, had any idea as to the Schieck’s identity.  As such, Barnabas had prepared himself for any possible outcome.  However, it was still shocking to learn that the Schieck of Ugbae was a dwarf woman.  She looked to be in her mid fifties, which was middle aged for the dwarves.  Her long pleated hair was a deep reddish orange color, and rested at her feet.  Her face showed both the signs of ruling and of hard labor with stress lines around her eyes and cheeks.  Her green eyes studied Barnabas’ group furtively as they approached her.  When they were less than ten feet, she stood from her throne.  Gashneth dropped to one knee, and Barnabas and company followed suit immediately.
“Hail,” the Schieck said, walking towards them as she did.  Her emerald robes, made of satins and silks, billowed around her as she moved.
“Hail,” all of them replied.
“Stand,” she commanded, and they all rose.  “Gashneth, old friend, what is the meaning of bringing trolls and moel into my hall?”
Ferellin twitched at these words, but Barnabas had expected such a greeting.  The process of meeting the Schieck was as difficult as it was only because the Schieck was not a trusting person.
“They are voyeurs from across the seas,” Gashneth replied, “They say that they have information regarding Gathnad’s recent activity.”
“Do you have actual fact in these matters,” She addressed Pergory here.  Barnabas knew she was seeking out the familiar, and Pergory was the only unaltered human in their group.
“We do, my Schieck,” Pergory answered.
“Well let’s hear them.  I am very busy,” she replied.
“Barnabas, would you be so kind?” Pergory replied.  Barnabas nodded, and bowed to the schieck before starting.  When he started into the tale, the schiecks eyes grew wide with shock, no doubt to the fact that an intelligent troll was in her midst.  But her shock wore off, and was replaced with a grim scowl as Barnabas relayed the events that transpired in Gathnad.  The large amount of troop movement around the forests, the gnomes’ enslavement, Barnabas’ and Pergory’s daring rescue of Clair and their lucky escape back to Ruoth.  Her eyes betrayed her and grew large when Barnabas asked Clair to detail all of the weaponry and machinery that the south was having the gnomes engineer from the forgotten elven designs.  Once they had finished, the Schieck began pacing.
“And you think they will be attacking Ugbae first?” she asked.
“Not necessarily, but it would be smart,” Barnabas replied.
“Indeed,” the Schieck responded, “We would have had much less time to prepare for an invasion than Ruoth.”
“Which is why King Ruothenak has sent us,” Barnabas replied, “He believes that alone, neither Ruoth nor Ugbae would stand a chance against Gathnad.  It would be a difficult fight if the south weren’t developing such tremendous weaponry.  The king wishes to ally with Ugbae in the coming fight.”
“There is no question as to whether or not we should ally,” the Schieck replied.  “Neither of our nations have the military to stand up to Gathnad alone.  My senders will contact the king immediately so we can begin preparations.  Ugbae and Ruoth have always been friendly towards each other, and Gathnad has always been a loose thread on the tapestry of peace that this world has maintained for some time.  We would be foolish to be unprepared for their eventual attack.  Is there anything else that I should know of?”
“Nothing more that the king himself couldn’t tell you,” Barnabas replied, “He will tell you of the preparations he is taking even now, some of them will be considered very extreme.  Like his newly created alliance with the moel of Ruoth.”
“An alliance with the moel?” the schieck asked incredulously.  “I suppose that explains him,” she pointed at Ferellin, and it was obvious that the distrust that was so common between moel and dwarves was strong within her.
“Yes, an alliance with the moel,” Barnabas replied, “it’s a work in progress for now, but the people of Ruoth:  man, moel, dwarf, and gnome will rally together for this fight.”
“I notice you didn’t say, ‘troll,’ in that list,” the schieck said, “Are your people not interested in their freedoms?”
“I am the exception to my race,” Barnabas replied, “I am most likely the only troll capable of worrying about his freedoms.  As you can see, I too am preparing for this struggle.”
“Very interesting, indeed.  So be it,” the Schieck nodded.  “I will contact King Ruothenak for guidance in these areas.  Please leave me now, so that we can begin preparations.”  The group bowed to the Schieck and followed Gashneth out of the throne room, each person giving a collective sigh of relief that their task was finally completed.

Chapter 13
Assassination Attempts


“Well that went exceptionally well, I thought,” Pergory said as they exited the palace.  There was an air of giddiness about the group, now that the stress of their task was off of their shoulders.  Even Ferellin, who was obviously still feeling bitter at his treatment in the palace, seemed to be in a cheerful mood.
“I will admit, that’s not what I expected the Schieck to look like,” Clair commented quietly.
“Agreed,” Ferellin said, with a slight edge in his voice.
“What did you think, Barnabas?” Darcie asked, looking up.  “Barnabas?” She asked, noticing that the troll seemed uneasy.
Barnabas was just as relieved as the rest of them that the encounter with the schieck had gone so well, but he had not forgotten the man who had been watching them so intently on their way in.
“What’s wrong,” Clair asked, noticing his unease as well.
“We’re being followed,” Barnabas answered.
“What?” Darcie asked, shocked, glancing around her as she did so, “Who’s following us?  Where are they?”
“I noticed it on the way to the palace,” Barnabas explained.  He described to them the man he had seen, and the way he had been staring.  “I could just tell that he wasn’t merely staring at the oddity of our group.  He was studying us, and most likely had been for a while.”
“I’ve had the feeling of eyes on us ever since we reached the city,” Pergory said, “But I haven’t noticed any particular person staring at us like that.  The person you described doesn’t ring a bell at all.”
“I know,” Barnabas replied, “It worried me as well.  I’m can normally tell when someone is spying on me.  It’s hard to believe that this person could be so discreet as to avoid all of our notice.  We will need to be very vigilant until we are safely back in Ruoth.”
“Agreed,” Pergory replied, “Tell you what, though.  I want to stop and get a drink!  I’m famished!”
“When are you ever not ready for another drink?” Darcie asked him with a smirk.
“That’s a hard question that I’ll leave for the philosophers to debate over,” Pergory answered.  “Come on, I know a great pub we can go to.  Great food, wonderful atmosphere, and plenty of entertainment!”
“Well we could all use a break,” Barnabas agreed, noticing everyone’s faces perk at the thought of enjoying themselves for a change, “Just keep in mind what I said about being followed.  Don’t let your guard down.”
“Aye,” Ferellin replied, “A glass of ale will really hit the spot, I think.”
Just as Barnabas had expected, the bar Pergory directed them to was crowded and loud.  People from all over were drinking heavily and making fools of themselves.  It was quite obviously the type of establishment the bard would feel right at home in.  The group settled into a booth at the back and began drinking.
“What I find most odd,” Ferellin said after a few swigs of his ale, “Isn’t the Schieck’s identity, but rather how quickly she accepted our story.”
“She did seem rather quick to side with us,” Darcie agreed.
“Well as she said,” Barnabas replied, “She was already aware that Gathnad was up to something.  She just needed that grain of truth to any of it.  The chances are good that she was actually excited for someone to walk into her throne room and tell her something factual to these rumors that would allow her to make any sort of action.”
“So basically,” Pergory said, “She was prepared to make preparations.”
“Blunt,” Barnabas nodded, “But essentially, yes.”
“So what are we going to do now?” Clair asked.
“Well as soon as we drink our fill, I would suggest leaving this town as soon as possible.” Barnabas replied.  “An ambush will be much easier to spot in the open desert than it will be in a crowded town.  I hope there isn’t one waiting for us, but…”
“But that’s usually not how things work out for us,” Pergory cut him off.  Barnabas chuckled.
“Who would be following us?” Darcie asked.
“I don’t know, but my gut would tell me someone from Gathnad,” Barnabas answered.  “Though that would also imply that Sunrath knows that I’m in Ugbae, and I can’t figure as to how he would.”
“Why wouldn’t he have made a move before we reached the Schieck then?” Clair replied.  “He would have had plenty of opportunity since we arrived here.”
“Maybe not,” Pergory replied, “A bustling economic center is hardly the ideal place to commit a murder.  Too many witnesses.”
“But when we were separated,” Clair replied, “It would have been ideal.  If it was someone from the south, they would have easily ventured a guess as to my identity if they saw me traveling with Barnabas.  Wouldn’t it have been ideal to take me when I was traveling alone with Darcie?”
“Well it could also be that there have been people keeping tabs on us simply because we’re outsiders, and strange ones at that,” Ferellin replied.  “As you yourself said, Barnabas, if a group of humans and gnomes and dwarves walked into a moel inhabited mountain town, the moel would be highly suspicious of their intentions.”
“That’s also very possible,” Barnabas replied.  “Not to mention that we might now be followed simply due to the fact that we’ve been in the palace.  There might be a group of usurpers who would jump us in the chance of learning anything they could about the Schieck.”
“I swear to the deities,” Pergory replied, “I can not wait for the next time I can do something without having to worry for my life after doing it.”
Barnabas was laughing and taking another drink from his large bottle of vodka when he felt a hard jab on his shoulder.  Turning around in his seat, he saw someone leaning over the booth located to the back of the one he was sitting in.  It took a moment, but then Barnabas recognized the man.
“Theodore Marquie!” Barnabas exclaimed, taking in the ranger’s appearance.  Not much had changed in the few months since Barnabas had last seen the man in the Crescent Eagle in Eoru during the Festival of the Hunt.  He was still wearing his red traveling cloak, slightly modified to handle the desert’s heat.  His longsword and bow looked slightly more worn, but for a hunter like Marquie, that was to be expected.  “What are the odds we’d meet up again so soon, and here of all places?”
“Better than you’d think, Barnabas,” Theodore replied gravely, his drawl barely a whisper in the noisy pub.  “I must speak to you privately.”  Barnabas then noticed the distressed look on the man’s face, and the way his eyes continually darted around the room.
“What’s wrong, Theodore,” Barnabas asked, gesturing for the man to sit next to him.
“I don’t think this is the best place to discuss it,” Theodore answered, glancing around as he did.  “I don’t want to be overheard.”
“There’re a lot of people here,” Pergory commented, “All of whom are making a lot of noise.  If we huddle together and keep our voices down, we won’t be overheard.”
Theodore seemed to accept that and sat down.  Barnabas introduced him to everyone.  “So to what do we owe the pleasure, Theodore?”
“No pleasure, Barnabas,” Theodore replied, “You’re being followed, and have been since you set foot on this continent.”
“I knew we were,” Barnabas said, “Though I have trouble believing that someone could have followed me all the way from Harbor Ventas without my knowing it.”
“Believe it,” Theodore replied, “And not just one person, but three.”
“You’d better explain what’s going on Theodore,” Barnabas replied.
“Well, to put it simply, you are not exactly a friend of Emperor Sunrath any longer, Barnabas.  He is well aware of all that you and your friend here,” he gestured at Pergory, “did in Gathnad.  He knows of the missing gnome, and that Ruoth and Ugbae are now preparing to ally.”
“Exactly how much does the emperor know our plans…and how does he even know of them?” Barnabas said.
“Well, tell me if I have it about right,” Theodore replied.  He relayed the entire story that Barnabas had told so many times in the last two months.  It was uncanny, as if Theodore himself had been a witness to all of the events.  “The emperor has spies in Ruoth, Barnabas.  Some of them in the king’s very throne room.”
“Damnation!” Barnabas cursed.
“As soon as he learned of your secret,” Theodore continued, “the emperor gathered the three greatest assasins in all of Gathnad to his side.  He placed a bounty on your head, Barnabas, and of the heads of any with you.  You’re worth a lot of money to the emperor, with your knowledge, skills, and powers.  He wants you for a slave.  The rest of your group is merely collateral damage, and he wants your friends dead to prevent you from causing any more of a hinderance to his war plans.”
“What more hinderance could I cause than that which I already have?” Barnabas asked, “The assasins didn’t stop me from warning the Schieck.  Wouldn’t that have been the first thing they’d try and do?”
“The emperor simply wants you out of the picture,” Theodore answered, “He’s not worried about whether the two nations unite, as he feels he’ll still be strong enough to overpower them.  He believes he can make the first strike before Ruoth and Ugbae would have time to actually make any sort of plans against him.”
“It doesn’t make sense!” Barnabas said, “How does he plan get all of his marvelous technology across the ocean before Ruoth and Ugbae unite?”
“I never said I understood the logic,” Theodore replied, “But the emperor believes that if there is one person on this whole world who could make it more difficult, it’s you. Which is why he wants you out of the picture, either captured or dead.”
“Well let’s deal with the immediate threat,” Pergory said wisely, “What of these assasins?”
“The one is a shapechanger named Yorrik Warnir,” Theodore replied to this.  Darcie gave an audible gasp, “He’s very professional at it, and he can change his body’s shape, size, and color.  He’s been following you for a while now, but he as he can change his shape at will, you would never be able to recognize him in a crowd.  He’s never the same person for more than an hour.  Well, at least not while he’s doing a job.”
Barnabas thought back to the man outside the palace, “I think I’ve already seen him once,” he said with a grimace.
“If you did see him, he’ll be completely different by now,” Theodore replied, “He could be anyone in this bar for all that we know.”
“Including you,” Ferellin said icily.  Clair, Darcie, and even Pergory eyed Theodore suspiciously at these words.  Theodore looked schocked at the accusation.
“What was the gift I gave to the runners up in the Festival of the Hunt?” Barnabas asked Theodore.
“Quivers,” Theodore smiled as he remembered, “Leather ones, cured from quarry devil hide.  Strong as steel, but flexible.  I was envious.”
“This is the real Theodore Marquie,” Barnabas told his group, who relaxed at these words.
“Well what of the other two assasins?” Darcie asked.
“The next is a dwarf man by the name of Kraug Highsteps,” Theodore continued.  This name got an audible gasp from Ferellin, which did not go unnoticed by Theodore.  “I figured there was a chance you had heard of him.”
“Any moel alive in this age who does not know and hate that name is a traitor to his race,” Ferellin spat.
“Kraug is, to put it simply, a barbarian,” Theodore explained, “He travels the world looking for challenges to face, obstacles to overcome, monsters to kill.  His hands have killed thousands, from every race and species.  He’s the kind of person who believes getting paid for it is merely a perk.  He does it for the challenge, mostly. The more dangerous the quarry, the more likely he is to take the job.  But he likes a spectacle.  He likes people to see his ferocity.  When he attacks, it won’t be quiet and stealthily like Warnir.  He’ll wait until there are plenty of witnesses to see his glory in action.”
“He takes a certain pride in killing my kin,” Ferellin said, “His name resides in the folk tales we tell to our young, to teach them lessons and how to behave properly.”
“Yet he’s brazen,” Darcie replied, “and vastly outnumbered.”
“Don’t underestimate him,” Theodore said grimly, “A more skilled man with a sword, I have never seen.  We were once competing for the same prize in a contest.  I saw him deflect arrows shot at him by the Emperor’s best archers with nothing but the sword.  Let’s say I would not wish to face him single handedly.”
“And that leaves one more assassin,” Clair said, ticking off her fingers as she did so.  “Who’s the third?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Barnabas asked with a grin, “He’s right here.  Theodore Marquie.”
“Very perceptive,” Theodore grinned back.  Ferellin, Clair, Pergory, and Darcie all drew their weapons, but Barnabas waved them down.  “Though, I would expect no less intuition from you, Barnabas.”
“How else would you have known all of this extremely delicate information if you were not part of it as well?” Barnabas asked.
“Sound logic,” Theodore replied, while once again looking over his shoulder.  A few people had taken notice to the drawn weapons, and were looking curiously towards the party’s booth, wondering if a fight was about to break out.  “Luckily for you, I never planned on collecting the bounty.”
“I didn’t figure you had, or why would you have bothered to go to the trouble to explain it all?” Barnabas asked rhetorically.
“You trust him, Barnabas,” Ferellin replied, “But the name Theodore Marquie is almost as feared by my people as the name Kraug Highsteps.  Why should we believe you aren’t just playing innocent to get us unawares?”  Darcie and Clair seemed to agree with this line of thought.
“Though I live in Gathnad, and have for most of my life,” Theodore said, “I was not born there.  I was born in Ruoth.  My birthname is Theodore Dubuke Ruothenak.”
“You are related to the king?” Barnabas asked, incredulously.
“First cousins,” Theodore answered, “My father was brother to the current king’s father.  Mine moved to Gathnad to seek a fortune when I was very young, and he changed our surname, worried that someone might attack us to get a ransom from the king.  I make frequent trips to Ruoth to visit my cousin and go hunting with him.  The royal blood of the Ruothenak line runs in my veins, however, and I’ll be damned to Hell itself before I stand around and allow the emperor to destroy that line or the peace that it represents.”
“Well said!” Pergory cheered.
“Emperor Sunrath has been very odd lately,” Theodore continued, “As you well know, he’s planning war here on the northern continents.  But even as brazen as he is, he would know he should not be able to take both of them if they were to join forces.  Yet he remains confident in his ability to succeed.  He gave us very ominous news.  He told us to finish our job within the month, for his forces would have arrived in Ugbae not shortly afterwards.”
“But…how does he plan to move all of those ships from the capitol city to the shore…and then across the sea and the desert in a month’s time?” Barnabas asked.
“Not to mention all of the different war machines he’s been building,” Pergory added.
“More importantly, the ships weren’t even completed when we escaped Gathnad,” Clair commented, “by my calculations, they would have only been completed a few days ago, and that’s if everything went according to the schedule we had.  But the emperor says they’ll be over the sea within the next few weeks from what you’ve said.”
“I have never known the emperor to exaggerate, and I certainly don’t think he was joking,” Theodore replied, “I don’t know how he’ll manage it, but he seemed unconcerned with the anomality of it.”
“Then we need to get a message sent to the King immediately,” Barnabas said, “If there is any truth to it, and the emperor is positioned to strike sooner than later, Ruoth and Ugbae need to be prepared!”
“It’ll have to wait until after we’ve dealt with Warnir and Highsteps,” Theodore replied, “Warnir would love an opportunity like a sending spell to attack, and I guarantee he knows I’ve switched sides.”
“Oh?” Barnabas asked, “How do you know that?”
“He’s sitting at the bar, three stools to the left side,” and Theodore flipped around so fast that Barnabas only saw a red blur.  An arrow was already fit into his bow and launched the moment Theodore had stopped moving.  The man Theodore had indicated dodged the projectile swiftly, as though he had been expecting it the whole time, and threw a knife in their direction as he leapt over the bar and ducked out of sight.  Theodore caught the knife in mid air with his left hand, as the crowd in the bar went crazy at the sight of the loosed weapons.  Women and men stood up and began fighting, causing a huge ruckus.
“Poisoned,” Theodore showed the knife to Barnabas, who saw a slimy green paste coating the knife, “A nasty, expensive kind too.  This would drop a bull in ten seconds.”  Barnabas cleaned the blade and pocketed it into his satchel, keeping his eyes peeled for the man.
“Don’t look for the same man,” Theodore whispered, “Warnir will already have changed shape.  Chances are he’ll have ducked out.  He’ll have an easier go of it in the open than in this fuss.  We’ll need to be careful on our way out.”
They made their way to the door as carefully as they could, but got caught up in the brawl they had inadvertently started.  Barnabas had to throw a few burly men who attacked both him and Ferellin on sight.  Darcie showed off her powerful rear legs as she sent a couple of druid types sailing across the room with one kick.  Pergory crossed blades with a man all the way to the door.  Clair was jabbing people in the shins with her tiny spear as they approached the group with evil intent in their eyes.  By the time they actually reached the door, they were all fairly winded.
“That was quite an ordeal,” Darcie said with a wince, yanking a fork out of her flank as she did so (A woman had shoved it there after Darcie kicked her husband, who tried to mount her for a height advantage against his opponent.) She ran her hands over the spot and whispered an incantation, and the wound healed before their eyes.
“Keep your eyes peeled,” Theodore said, “Warnir could be anywhere or anyone.”
They began moving slowly through the street, the ruckus of the bar fight fading into the distance.  But it was like trying to swim upstream, as there was a steady flow of people making their way to the bar to find out what the commotion was about.  Barnabas felt anxious as his eyes darted from person to person, looking for any sign of Warnir.  But he knew there was no way to spot the man from looks alone.  He’d have to be more perceptive than that.
“Theodore, does Warnir have any telltale signs?” Barnabas asked.
“What do you mean?” Theodore asked.
“How did you pick him out of the bar if you couldn’t recognize his face?” Barnabas explained, “Surely the man has some habits or other signs.  Like the way he walks or something like that which would help us spot him easier.”
“About the only thing I know is that he has terrible posture,” Theodore replied.  “I wouldn’t have guessed it was him in the bar, except that he has a trademark slouch when he sits down.  That alone wouldn’t have been good enough to shoot at him, though.  It was the fact that he was glancing at us too much.  He gave himself away.”
“Well that’s at least something,” Barnabas replied.
“That’s IT!” Pergory suddenly exclaimed jovially, causing the rest of the group a start.
“What?” Darcie asked, looking around fretfully, “Did you find him?”
“No no,” Pergory said, “But I did think of a way to beat our pursuers!”
“How?” Barnabas asked.
“Well the good emperor offered a reward, correct?  Well the emperor might lead a nation, but he’s more military minded.  He doesn’t think like a mercenary!  If you make a bounty that will only be collected upon the completion of the task, and then turn multiple bounty hunters out to collect it, you’re starting a competition between them!”  Pergory’s voice was very excited, and Barnabas understood why.
“Genius!” he joined in, “I see it now!  I’m an enemy to the empire, but not to these assasins.  I’m merely the prize!”
“Then who is the enemy?” Clair asked.
“Themselves,” Theodore told her, “If they want the reward, they have to be the one to bring Barnabas in.”
“Which means they’ll stop at nothing to make sure the other person doesn’t get the bounty first,” Ferellin said.
“And the fact that I’ve obviously dropped out of the game only sweetens the deal,” Theodore replied, “They both now have a better chance of getting the reward, while at the same time it will raise the tension and competiveness between them!”
“So much so,” Pergory replied with a grin, “That they would gladly kill each other off to get that prize.”
“So now it’s just a matter of getting them to face each other,” Darcie replied.  “This sounds like a good idea until you think about the fact that we’re actively attempting to get two murderers, who are being specifically paid to kill us, to follow us.”
“Well at least we are falling back to our most successful strategy,” Pergory replied, “Relying on the foolishness of others.”
They walked slowly through the streets, which were bustling with activity.  The economic center of town was a terrible place to be caught in.  They would be putting lots of innocent lives at risk if an ambush struck.  Barnabas wanted to get out of town, but for now he would settle for getting out of the market before they ran into their pursuers.  As if reading his thoughts, a loud sound broke through the voices and commotion of the streets.  It was a note played from a hunting horn.  Loud, quavering, and fear inspiring, it hung in the air for a few seconds before repeating.
“That is the horn of Kraug,” Theodore replied, “He’s decided to make his move.”
“It came from behind us,” Barnabas replied, “Let’s speed our pace up and keep some distance between him.”
“He’s undoubtedly on a quaddian,” Theodore replied, “Or some other transport.  He likes a theatrical entrance.”  The horn sounded again, and this time it was much louder.  Kraug was closing in.
“Damnation,” Barnabas swore, “We haven’t…” A sword came swinging from behind the cloak of a woman Barnabas was coming upon.  Barnabas saw it out of the corner of his eye, but was ill prepared to even dodge the blow.
CLANG! Pergory’s beautiful Porrock blade met the woman’s just before it struck Barnabas’ chest, and a fierce display of swordsmanship ensued.  Pergory and the woman, who Barnabas realized must be Warnir in yet another disguise, were battling so fiercely that sparks were flying with every hit.  But they were equal in their talents, it seemed, neither had an advantage, and it wasn’t until Theodore joined in, his own sword flashing in the desert sun, that Warnir broke off and dashed into the crowd.
Theodore grabbed Pergory’s cloack as the bard made to run after the assassin, “Don’t!” Theodore yelled, “He wants you to follow him.  He wants to split us up!”
“He?” Ferellin asked, “That was a woman! Why would she attack us like that?”
“It was Warnir,” Barnabas said, “He’s a lot more accomplished at shifting than I would have guessed.”
The horn sounded again, but this time it chilled them all in a way that the previous blows hadn’t.  This time it came from directly behind them.
The group turned around and saw Kraug Highsteps riding a quaddian riding fowl, just as Theodore said he would.  The dwarf had long brown hair that made a ring around the top of his scalp, which was bald.  He had a long beard, which ended just at his knees and looked as though it hadn’t had a comb run through it in many years.  His face was scarred heavily, a large one over his right eye standing out considerably.  Barnabas gasped as he saw that the dwarf was wearing what was unmistakably a quarry devil breast plate.  Not one that he (Barnabas) had made, it was too simple.  But the dwarves knew how to make a sturdy breastplate from the hides as well. A broadsword hung from his hip, and a war hammer from his back.
Highsteps jumped from the back of the Quaddian, and smacked it on the flank, causing it to run off.  “Right,” he said, approaching the group, “Well I s’pose I don’ need ta introduce meself.  The’dore, what’re ya doin’?  Yeh’ve had ‘em alone fer a while now?  Why not take yer shot?  Reward’d been yers by now!”
“I’ve had a change of priorities, Kraug,” Theodore answered, “These people are innocent of any wrong doing.”
“Well, I’m not saying they aren’t,” Kraug replied as he continued closing the gap between them.  He drew his sword, causing the whole group to follow suit.  Other people in the street took note of the weapons and started distancing themselves as quickly as possible.  “But a bounty’s a bounty, yeh know?  ‘Sides, I’m not really doin’ it fer the money, or anythin’.  I just like the sport of it!”
“Kraug,” Barnabas said, “The emperor is going to destroy the world as we know it.  You can help prevent that from happening right now.”
“Ne’er had much head for politics,” Kraug said, grinning, “But I’d wager tha’ emperor’d be mighty pleased with any’un who helped him get his new world.  In fact, I’m willin to bet there’d be a nice spot in his new order for someone who helped it along.  And let’s face facts here, I really like killin’ monsters such as yerself and yer little friend there!”
Pergory suddenly rushed the dwarf.  Their blades locked for a moment, but then Pergory went flying.  The Dwarf’s strength was incredible, and Pergory was airborne for five feet before he hit the ground.  But now the negotiations were officially over.  Barnabas branded his large war axe.  He liked the weapon because, thanks to his strength, it was as easy to swing as a sword, while at the same time dealing the punishing force of an axe.  And with the pike at the tip, it could also be used as a spear.
The melee was fierce.  Kraug proved to be a devastating opponent.  Unlike Warnir, he relished the idea of being outnumbered.  He was wielding his sword and war hammer simultaneously with ease, laughing the entire time.  Barnabas had never faced a foe like him.  He was surprisingly spry for a dwarf, and seemed able to keep the battle in his favor, even though it was three to one.  Barnabas twice was forced to halt an attack because Kraug was quick enough to maneuver either Theodore or Pergory in front of the blow.  Kraug seemed to know that his massive strength was still no match for the troll’s, and was compensating for that by simply forcing the two men between them.  Ferellin soon joined the fray with his large daggers and the bone spikes in his elbows and knees, but even with four against one the dwarf was holding his own.
Kraug spun around, viciously smacking Pergory with his hammer.  The bard crumpled as he went bouncing out of the skirmish.  Darcie rushed to his side and began healing him.  Ferellin was next, however, as Kraug used his sword to sweep the moel’s legs from under him and then crushed Ferellin’s right hand with the hammer.  The moel howled in agony as he scrambled to get away, Kraug was too occupied with Barnabas and Theodore to strike a killing blow.  The Dwarf managed to get Theodore turned around, but right as he was about to strike the man with a fierce slash of the sword, his eyes grew wide and he shoved Theodore out of the way and deflected an airborne knife.  The fighting stopped for a moment as they all watched the knife veer off course and land in the ground, where it dripped the sticky green poison into the dirt street.
Kraug, Barnabas, and Theodore all turned just in time to see a man darting into the street.  He was dangerously close to them, however.
“I ne’er liked yeh, Warnir,” Kraug said as he heaved his hammer in his hand, catching it by the very end of the handle.  “Yeh always were a bloody coward.”
Barnabas saw the scene as if time had slown.  Kraug launched the hammer with all the strength he could muster.  Warnir was running, but not fast enough to outrun the flying hammer.  It met his back with a sickening crack and the man’s arms flew out awkwardly.  He hit the ground, where it was obvious he had nearly been broken in half.  To add to the injury, the hammer came to a rest right at the worst spot on his back.  For a moment Barnabas breathed a sigh of relief that their ultimate plan had succeeded, but soon realized that he still had a hell of a fight on his hands.
“Righ’,” Kraug said, watching the fallen assassin for any sign of movement or life, “Tha’ takes care o’ tha’,” he turned to Barnabas and Theodore, “So then, time to finish this?”
“Why though?” Barnabas asked him.
“Why finish it?” Kraug asked, looking thoughtful, “Cause despite meh outwards appearance an’ reputation, I’m an honest dwarf who doesn’t leave a job half done.  And I’d say this job’s about half done.” He lurched for Barnabas with his sword, but now that he had lost the hammer, the fighting was a little more evenly matched.  Without having to worry about Pergory or Ferellin getting in the way, Barnabas was able to take more shots at Kraug.  The dwarf was still a fierce warrior however and wasn’t about to relent because he didn’t have an advantage anymore.
“No,” Barnabas said, while dodging thrusts of the blade, “What I meant was, why would you want to fight me? Because you think I’ll be a great challenge?”
“The best!” Kraug replied, “Hell, I’ve killed plenty o’ trolls, it’s always such a rush, you know?  Even as stupid as they are, they can rough you up plenty before you bring ‘em down.  To face one who’s just as smart as you? Or smarter? That’s a challenge I wanna face!  It’s the thrill, troll.”
“I see,” Barnabas grunted as he wrestled for a moment, blades locked with the dwarf, “I’m not overly concerned with your treatment of other trolls, as they are monsters.  But what of your own race?  What of the dwarves?”
“Wha’ about em?” Kraug said, leaping over Theodore’s sword as he did so.  “I’ve killed plen’y o’ dwarves in contract’s, yeh know.”
“That’s not what I meant.  Imagine that you knew someone like yourself,” Barnabas said, “Only instead of killing trolls and monsters and purpoted villains on contracts; he killed Dwarves, humans, and gnomes, just for the sport of it.  Would you feel agitated with him?”
“Aye,” Kraug said, “I’d prob’ly be hired the hunt ‘im down, actually.”
“Yet you side with the emperor over something as stupid as a bounty,” Barnabas replied, “Because if the emperor’s plans succeed, that’s exactly what the entire world is going to be like.  Your people are too valuable to not be his slaves.”
“He tol’ me he’d no use for dwarves,” Kraug said, and Barnabas heard his voice falter.
“So he says,” Barnabas said, parrying multiple strikes, “But the emperor’s not stupid.  I can think of plenty of reasons he would want the dwarves as his slaves.  At the top of the list: your mines, resources, smithing and forging skills.  If the emperor goes through with his agenda, you’ll be saying goodbye to your and your family’s freedoms.”
“Well who’s teh say the dwarves won’t just ally with him?” Kraug said, and it was obvious that Barnabas’ words were having an impact in the Dwarf’s mind.  Barnabas knew dwarfkind well enough to manipulate them, if necessary.  Dwarves were very proud of their race and heritages, and could be easily enraged by any jeer or harsh words against them.  By this point, Theodore had stepped out of the fight, and was watching what was now a completely verbal exchange between the troll and dwarf.
“Why would the empire look for an alliance?” Barnabas asked, “An alliance requires give and take from both sides of the fence.  The empire wouldn’t be giving the dwarves anything, and when the dwarves realized that, they would revolt.  The emperor will cut out that needless complication straightaway, believe that.  If you need further proof, look what he’s done to the gnomes!”
“Well that’s the gnomes fer yeh,” Kraug said, “We dwarves are made o’ tougher stuff than the little tinkerers.”
“That’s true,” Barnabas agreed, “But the gnome enslavement isn’t the only instance of the empire commiting treachery.  They’ve been attempting to find the elves ever since the Great War, which is in direct violation of the treaty forged on the Field of Red Clovers. Not to mention, if the empire is strong enough to conquer both Ruoth and Ugbae, they’ll then gain the strengths and numbers from both of those nations.  Can dwarfkind overcome the entire world?”
Kraug’s face fell, and he seemed to be at a loss for words.
“Think about it,” Barnabas pleaded, “The Empire wants nothing less than the entire world.  As long as dwarves are a part of that world, they are at risk, just like the rest of us.”
Kraug stared at the ground for a while.  Finally he looked up into Barnabas’ eyes.
“Alrigh’ troll, yeh win this one,” he said, “There be a lot of truth to yer words, even if I dinnae like to admit it.  I cannae kill yeh knowing that it’ll possibly lead to the death eh my people.”
“Well I don’t know if I can save your people,” Barnabas replied, “I just wanted you to see sense in this.  I was rather enjoying the sparring.”
“Heh,” Kraug laughed, “Then we’ll ‘ave another round someday!  As fer savin’ my people, I dinnae know about that either.  But the emperor sent me teh kill yeh ‘cause he thought ye’d be a right pain in his ass.  So if what yeh’ve said is true, I’d rather let yeh be that pain in the ass for him.”
“We could always use the company, and the assistance,” Barnabas said.  He heard Pergory, Ferellin, Darcie and Clair all gasp behind him after he said it, “A dwarf with your skills would be a great asset to whatever we need to do in the near future.  At the very most, we could pay you.”
“Aye, that’s agreed,” Kraug nodded, looking the group over as he did so, “An’ if nothin’ else, yeh could probably use a bodyguard, eh?  Trouble is, I’ve now gotta go back to meh homeland and warn the elders ta get ta Ruoth or Ugbae.  An’ that won’t be an easy process.  Politics and all that.  Luckily bein’ a hero of yer people has its advantages, I have a lot of sway.  I can convince ‘em it’s fer the best.  It’ll take me a while, but when it’s over I’ll come fin’ yeh.”
“Good man,” Barnabas said, extending his hand.  Kraug took it, and the two shook.  Kraug put his horn to his lips, blew a note, and began walking down the street towards the body of Yorrik Warnir.  His quaddian came trotting down the street, and met up with him right as he picked up his giant hammer.
“I’ll be seein’ yeh sooner than yeh think,” Kraug said as he mounted the fowl, “Don’ be dyin’ until then, agreed?”
“Agreed,” Barnabas returned the gesture.  Kraug gave a kick, and the fowl raced down the street, out of sight.
“I can’t believe you talked Kraug down,” Theodore said, flabbergasted.  He limped over to where the others were standing, “Not to mention getting him to switch sides like that.”
“Is everyone alright?” Barnabas asked, looking over his group.  Pergory was now healed, but still seemed dazed from the blow he sustained and Ferellin’s flat shovel like fingers were still being mended by Darcie’s magic.
“You’re going to want to keep them bandaged for a day or so,” she told the moel, “They’re going to be a little tender while the magic heals the ligaments properly.”
“Aye,” Ferellin winced, “Thank you.”
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Barnabas answered himself, “We need to head back to the inn straightaway to get a sending off to King Ruothenak.”
“I’m not sure if I have it in me right now, Barnabas,” Ferellin answered, “Pain plays a large factor in the ability to do magic such as mine.  I’ll be too distracted to do it right.”
“We need to try,” Barnabas replied firmly, “Every moment that we waste now is officially time we can’t get back.  The south has some wild card and we need to warn the king of it.  As soon as we’ve sent it, we can get some rest.”
They started walking back to the inn, the people of the town skirting around them as they did so.  Though Barnabas was not upset thanks to the fact his party was able to move through the streets easier; if there was anyone else hunting them, it wouldn’t be hard to find them this way.
It was strange being back at the inn.  So much had transpired without the people inhabiting the small building knowing of it.  It seemed like a different world almost.  Barnabas and company went to their rooms, were Ferellin cast his spell.  His eyes became the windows that Barnabas was so used to seeing in terms of sending spells.  Through them, he could see the King on his throne.
“Barnabas,” The king said, “You’re very lucky.  I just finished a conversation with the Schieck of Ugbae.  Your mission was a success, and the world owes you a debt of gratitude…say…is that Theodore Marquie with you?”
“Hello cousin,” Theodore replied.
“By the Dieties!” the King exclaimed, “What are the chances of you two running into each other.”  Barnabas almost laughed.  He and Theodore began explaining the situation to the king.
“…the emperor is fairly certain he will begin the invasion of Ugbae soon.  I’d guess within two weeks’ time.” Theodore said.
“Our intelligence in Gathnad is snake dung,” the King commented bitterly, “How could they not have seen these ships on the move before now?  I have a network of intelligence officers in Gathnad, and they’ve told me for the last month that everything has been very quiet in the nation, no abnormal military movement.”
“We don’t understand it completely either, my liege,” Barnabas said, “But it goes without saying that at this point, being prepared for anything would be the best option.”
“Indeed,” the King replied, “I’ll have to get back in touch with the Schieck so we can begin preparing our own military movements.  I’ll get back in touch with you when I have.  I will want you to stay put, Barnabas.  I may need you to negotiate some things for me.”
“Aye,” Barnabas said, “As you wish.”
“End the sending,” the king said, and Ferellin’s eyes closed.  When they reopened, they were the dirty yellow color again.
“We’re going to be staying here longer?” he asked, rubbing his eyes tiredly.
“I will have to,” Barnabas said, “None of you are required to, however, and if you wish to leave I can have it arranged to get you all safely back to Ruoth.”
“I’m staying with you,” Pergory replied, “I told you I’d see it through to the end.  And I have a feeling we’ve only just begun.”
“I have shunned my nation,” Theodore replied, “I have no home as of the moment, until I settle a new one, I’ll remain with you.”
“Eoru already has a doctor for the time,” Darcie said with a smile, “I’ll wait here until it’s over.  Someone will need to patch you boys up when you get into your schoolyard brawls.”
“If those ships cross the sea, I may just be the best bet Ugbae has,” Clair said, “Not to be boastful or anything, but I do have every possible weakness on those ships memorized.”
“My chief gave me a mission,” Ferellin said, and only in his voice did Barnabas sense any sort of hostility, “And though I am only now beginning to understand its purpose, I have yet to fulfill it.  I have no choice but to remain with you until I have.”
“I guess we’re all in,” Pergory laughed, patting Barnabas on the back as he did so.  “Now that that’s settled, I’m going to get some shut eye.”
“That sounds like a good plan,” Barnabas said, yawning as he did so, “It’s been a fairly grueling day.  We’ll catch some sleep and send for the king upon awakening.”
With that they turned in, though it was still light outside.  Barnabas dreams were uneasy, as they had been for the past few months since he became aware of Gathnad’s plans to take over.  He had more dreams of fire and death, but they were as unclear as ever, and just like always, they were nothing more than fragments by the time he had awoken.  But how he had awoken played a part in that.
He felt himself being shaken, and slowly started to rouse.
“Get up!” someone was hissing into his ear, “Barnabas, get up! We have to go, something’s going on!”
“What?” Barnabas sat up and saw Pergory, Theodore, and Darcie crowded into his room.  Pergory was shaking him awake.
“Come outside!” Pergory said, grabbing his arm, “You’ve got to see this.”
Pergory half dragged Barnabas outside.  “Pergory, what’s going on?” the troll asked, still half asleep.
“There,” Pergory answered, pointing at the sky.  Barnabas looked up and saw a very queer sight.  The sky was dotted with birds.  Flying in all directions, no order to them.  It was large enough to have been a very large, singular flock; but there was not enough unision to their pattern.  These were just individual birds each on their own path.  There was one thing that was consistent, however:  they were all flying in from the south, and they were all white.
“They’ve been flying in for over an hour now,” Theodore said, “What do you think is happenening?”
“Those are messenger birds,” Barnabas said, his stomach turning as he realized it.  “We need to apprehend one!  Theodore!”
“I’m on it,” Theodore said, drawing his bow.  He pointed it to the sky and sat patiently for a few minutes before letting loose the drawstring.  The arrow rang through the sky and hit its mark, knocking a bird out of the air and sending it to the ground not too far away from them.  They approached it, Theodore grabbing the arrow and putting it back into his quiver.  He grabbed the message tied to the birds leg and unrolled it.  As he read it, his eyes grew wide.
“Read it aloud, so we can all hear,” Barnabas said.
“’To my brother Alfonse,” Theodore read out, “I’m writing this letter in the hopes that it reaches you and the capitol city as soon as possible.  We in the town of Bastlet are under attack by Gathnad forces.  I do not have time to detail, but this letter must reach the Schieck immediately, we need to counterattack as quickly as possible!’”  Theodore looked up from the note, fear in his eyes.
“Bastlet isn’t a port town,” Barnabas said, squinting as he tried to remember the town’s location, “By the deities, that town is just a hundred miles south of here!”
“So the fight has already begun?” Clair asked, but Barnabas ignored the question, turning instead to Ferellin.
“Send to the King!” Barnabas exclaimed.  Ferellin’s eyes grew glassy, and Barnabas could barely make the king’s eyes out in them when he started talking, “King Ruothenak, I don’t have time for pleasantries.  Ugbae is already under attack from Gathnad!  Their forces are already in the town of Bastlet and are moving north.  Send to the Schieck immediately.  I will gather as much intelligence as I can!  End the sending!”
Ferellin’s eyes returned to normal, “That was the fastest sending I’ve ever done,” he said, “What is your plan, troll?”
“We head south until we come upon the Gathnadians,” Barnabas replied, “We will see just how they have managed to do this coup so quickly and quietly, and then we’ll blow it out of the water.”

Chapter 14
The Exiled General


“You know?  I’ve been thinking about this moment for a while,” Pergory said as they packed their things in the inn.  They had made a quick supply run in town to replenish their water and food, and were almost ready to set out for the south, “I’ve been preparing myself for the reality of it.  But now that it’s happening, I almost find it hard to believe.”
“I know what you mean,” Darcie replied, “It’s so unreal.”
Clair hadn’t said anything since they read the letter.  Barnabas thought that he knew what was wrong.  She was going over things in her head, wondering where she went wrong when she was calculating the ships’ building process.
“What’s wrong,” Barnabas asked her, finally.
“How can this be, Barnabas?” She asked him rhetorically.  She knew that Barnabas wouldn’t have the answers, “I know that those ships were finished only a very short time ago, and that’s being very optimistic towards the engineering ability of my people.  How can Gathnad be so far into Ugbae already?  It doesn’t make sense!”
“It’s not your fault,” Barnabas told her, “Whatever they did, it was a wild card, and no one is going to blame you for not knowing what that was.  We can still find out, though, and put a stop to it, but only if we hurry.”
“Alright,” she said, looking at him strangely as she did.  “I’m all packed, so I’ll wait for you in the lobby.”  As she walked around Barnabas, she grabbed his hand and squeezed it, catching Barnabas a bit by surprise as she did so.  He turned around and saw Pergory standing in the door.  They both watched her walk to the lobby.
“Has she been acting a little strange lately?” Barnabas asked the bard, “Or is it just I who’s noticed that?”
Pergory barked a laugh, and snorted to try and hide it, “Barnabas,” he said, “For one as perceptive as you are, you can be awfully blind sometimes.”  Laughing, he picked up his rucksack and left Barnabas looking confusedly down the hallway.
They departed the inn as quickly as possible and took the road south of town.  There was a strong panic throughout Unslad as they headed south, the people had been receiving warnings of invasion via messenger birds for hours, and were visibly frightened.
“They’re terrified,” Darcie said, “I can almost feel their fear on the air, like a bad wind.”
“I feel about the same as they do,” Barnabas replied.
The trip south was a strange one.  There was little talking amongst the group.  Everyone was too anxious to reach their destinations.  They traveled for five days in almost complete silence.  On the morning of the sixth day, however, the silence was broken.
“Wait!” Pergory called from the head of the group.  Everyone stopped, and the only sounds that could be heard were the wind and the swishing of Darcie’s tail.  Pergory was pacing around, turning his head this way and that, after a few minutes his eyes grew wide.
“Something’s coming,” he said in alarm, “Something big!”  And as soon as he said it, Barnabas knew he was right.  There was a loud rumbling coming from down the path, it was pretty far off, but it was getting closer.
“We need to hide ourselves,” Barnabas said.
“How?” Darcie asked, “There’s nothing but sand all around us!”
“We’re in a very bad spot,” Theodore muttered, gazing around them furtively, “There’s no high grounds to hide behind and no low ground to hide in.  We’re bound to get spotted.”
“I don’t like the sounds of that,” Clair’s voice squeaked.  The rumbling grew steadily louder as she did.
“We have no choice,” Barnabas said, “There’s nothing else we can do at this time aside from prepare for an attack.  Everyone get ready!”
They lined up, side by side; weapons drawn, each person ready to face whatever appeared over the horizon.  And the wait seemed drawn out as their anticipation grew as steadily as the volume of that terrible rumbling sound.  After what seemed like ages, something happened.  But it was not upon the ground that the source of the rumbling appeared over the horizon.
High in the sky, enormous figures were casting shadows down on the sand.  Barnabas’ first thought was of dragons, but he ruled it out.  The grumbling sound they were making was not a natural one.  And dragons were not common around Ugbae.  He squinted and held up his hand to block the glare of the unforgiving Ugbaen sun, and finally got a good look.
They were ships.
Giant flying galleons, tearing throughout the sky, headed northbound.  Barnabas felt his jaw go slack as he stared at them.  He was dimly aware of the others gasping as they also took in the sight.  It was hard to judge how much so at the distance they were at, but Barnabas could tell the ships were enormous.  The ships were flat bottomed, and Barnabas deduced it was so they could land…on the land.  There were so many of them that Barnabas didn’t even bother counting.  They nearly blackened the sky as the fleet went past, and Barnabas’ keen eyesight didn’t miss the red and black Gathnadian banners proudly displayed on their sides.  The fleet was over the northern horizon within a half an hour.
Whoever was flying the ships either didn’t notice the small group standing in the open desert or ignored Barnabas and company altogether.  Barnabas was still staring, dumbfounded, though the ships were no longer in sight.
“Those…those were ships…the ships we were making!” Clair screamed.
“I gathered that,” Barnabas said distantly, his mind was racing.  Flying ships?
“How could that even be possible?” Ferellin asked.  “Supposing they gathered every single telekinetic wizard in the world, and then taught one hundred more people how to perform that specific branch of magic, they’d still be pressed to get a fleet that size, that high up, and keep them there for the duration that they have.”
“The numbers don’t make sense,” Theodore said, agreeing with Ferellin.
“The numbers don’t?” Darcie replied, “I don’t think any of what we just saw made sense!”
“We’ll need to send to the king immediately,” Barnabas said.  He was still very dazed.  The sending took longer than usual, due to Barnabas having to explain the impossible sounding details of a fleet of navy vessels occupying the Ugbaen skies.  When it was finished, Barnabas started pacing.
“What’re we going to do,” Clair asked.
“I want a look at those ships,” Barnabas said.  “A close up look.  We’re going to march until we find them.  I’ll work out a plan on the way.”
They were about to take off, when Barnabas finally noticed Pergory.  The bard was staring at the sky, and shaking.
“Pergory,” Barnabas said affirmatively, “Let’s go, we need to catch up with that fleet!”
“Barnabas…” Pergory said, “I think I might know how those ships are flying.”
“How?” Barnabas asked, now intrigued.
“I…” Pergory stuttered, and for the first time since meeting the bard, Barnabas noticed Pergory was actually frightened.  Barnabas had never seen the man look so vulnerable.  He was sweating, but it was not the heat that was making him do so.  “I can’t be sure.  We’ll have to take a closer look at one.  But if I’m right…let’s just hope that I’m not for now.”
“Alright,” Barnabas said, not wanting to waste any more time than they already had.  “Let’s hurry.”
They began running across the desert sand.  Barnabas was adamant to keep a good pace.
“They’ll probably stop at night,” he said, “If we keep moving, we can hopefully overtake them then.”
But the running was taking its toll on the group.  Ferellin nearly collapsed; but before he fell, Barnabas scooped him up and threw him over his shoulder, continuing the run.  Clair had already been placed on Darcie’s back and was joined by Theodore after a while.  Pergory and Barnabas were the only ones with two legs to not seem winded.  They both had the same look of determination as they thundered across the sand.  Before long the sun was descending over the western horizon.
It was dark by the time they finally caught up to the fleet.  Pergory had been the one to discover them.
“They’re just over that dune,” he whispered, “They’re camping out for the night.  It’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen, ships sitting in the desert as far as the eye can see.”
Barnabas had made sure his group was well hidden from any scouting parties that might be patrolling the area.  He sent Pergory and Theodore, the two least conspicuous members of their team, out to gather information on the fleet.
“Be discreet, and be swift,” Barnabas told them, “We don’t have long to come up with a plan before the sun rises.  If we don’t think of something before then, the fleet will be razing Unslad by midday.”
The two men had departed immediately, leaving Barnabas, the girls, and Ferellin to sit in silence and catch their breath from the run.
“Do you really think we can put a stop to this tonight, Barnabas,” Ferellin asked, not sounding very convinced they could.
“No,” Barnabas answered truthfully, “I don’t.  We’re not trying to stop the fleet at this point; we’re trying to find weak spots.  There’s no way our little team is going to do any amount of real damage to this fleet in one night, I’m not entertaining any notion otherwise.  Sadly, I’m not even putting thoughts towards saving Ugbae anymore.  It’s too far, too fast.  About the best we could hope for now is to find out the easiest way to bring these ships down so that when they enter Ruoth, the king’s army can be better prepared than Ugbae’s was.”
“Not very optimistic,” Darcie commented.
“Reason rarely occupies the same space as optimism,” Barnabas replied.
They waited in silence, but finally Pergory and Theodore returned, their arrival heralded by Pergory whistling the song he was composing about Barnabas.  They were both adorned with Gathnadian armor.
“It worked once,” Pergory said, seeing the look on Darcie’s face as she looked him over.
“What did you learn,” Barnabas asked.
“We split up,” Theodore answered, “Pergory says he learned how the ships manage to fly, but he’s been mum on that.  I learned that the ships are divided between human transport and cargo transport.  The ones at the back of the fleet are merely staffed by the essential crew to pilot them, and maybe a small patrol of guards.  We could possibly do some sabotage there.”
“Possibly,” Barnabas nodded, and then turned to Pergory, “What did you learn?”
“It’s definitely magic,” Pergory answered, but his face fell and his eyes went dark as he did.
“Is that all,” Barnabas inquired, knowing that something was deeply troubling the bard.
“No,” Pergory asked, “And I have a terrible burden on my shoulders now, Barnabas.  I need to leave.  I have to go home…it’s…it’s very important.”
“More important than stopping a war?” Barnabas asked, shocked at the announcement.
“It involves stopping the war,” Pergory answered, and it sounded as though every word was causing him pain.  “It’s something I have to do.  I’m going to need to be fast, about it.  And I can’t do it alone, because the only way to get there with any speed would be to steal one of these fine ships.  I promise you answers, Barnabas, to all the questions you’ve had about me, if you assist me with this matter.”
“If you’re positive that this would help us stop Gathnad,” Barnabas answered, “Then we’ll help you.” There was a murmured agreement amongst the others, except for Theodore, who didn’t seem to think it a wise decision.
“Barnabas, we need to cause as much of a delay to Gathnad as we can,” the ranger said.
“We will only do minimal damage here if we attack the cargo ships,” Pergory replied, “If my plan works, we will have all the information we need to knock every ship out of the sky.”
“If you’re sure about that fact, Pergory, then we’re going with your plan,” Barnabas gave the bard a stern look, which the bard returned.  It seemed a different person was staring at Barnabas than the drunk he had originally met.  A much fiercer and nobler man stared from behind the eyes now.
“I am,” he answered, completely convinced of the fact.
“Then let’s do it,” Barnabas said, turning in the direction of the fleet.  Squinting hard, he began thinking of a plan.  “It’ll be tricky to get on the boats,” he said, “We’re going to have to rely a lot on stealth.  Luckily, we’ll have the darkness on our side.  Once we get on the ship, we’re going to need to split into two teams.  Pergory and Theodore will take Darcie and Ferellin below deck.  Your job is going to be tricky.  You need to incapacitate the crew of the ship.  We’re going to need them removed.  That might mean killing them.” Darcie grimaced at these words, “I’ll let you figure out the best way to do it, though.  The important thing is that it must be quiet.  We’re going to want to attract as little attention as possible.”
“What about you and Clair?” Darcie asked.
“I’ll take Clair up to the deck, where hopefully she can figure out how to fly the damn thing,” Barnabas said, “If not, we might have to take a hostage who can teach us how.”
“I’ll figure it out,” Clair said with fierce determination.
They crept over the dune and saw the massive fleet of ships.  Barnabas thought for a brief moment that it looked like they were sailing on a brown sea.  But some of the ships were not actually resting on the ground.  They were still floating there, tethered to the sand with an anchor.  From their vantage point, Barnabas could see multiple campsights around the galleons.  He figured these sights could be maneuvered around, but it would be tricky.
“Our best bet,” he whispered, pointing to the ship furthest to the back of the fleet, which was one of the ships tethered only by an anchor, “Would be to board that one.  We can climb up the back; I’ll carry Darcie on my shoulders.”
Silently they moved through the darkness, and the tension rose the closer they got to the fleet.  After a while, they could hear the voices of soldiers on patrols, and silence became a necessity.  None of them seemed to breath as the weaved in and out of the shadows provided by the giant dunes and the giant ships.  Ferellin moved to the head of the party.  He had removed his dark goggles and was using his keen vision to direct them safely.
They reached the back of the ship Barnabas mentioned and began climbing up the anchor chain.  Barnabas had the brunt of the climb considering he was carrying Darcie and Clair (who was unable to maintain a good enough grip to make it up the thick chain).  Theodore had some trouble climbing in his armor, but Pergory once again displayed uncanny strength and was the fastest person up the chain.
Once aboard the ship, they split up.  Theodore took his group below deck, and out of sight.  Barnabas gestured to Clair to follow him, and they stole away across the deck.  Clair went to where one would normally steer a ship, and began studying.
Barnabas knew time was of the essence.  Already the sky was illuminating around them, and before long the fleet would rise into the sky.  Not wanting to be a part of it when it did, Barnabas sincerely hoped they could figure out how to steal the ship before it was too late.
“What the hell is that?!” Barnabas whipped around and saw a Gathnad soldier staring at him.  Barnabas charged and before the man had time to yell his surprise, Barnabas had bashed a dent in his helmet and knocked the man unconscious.
“We’re running out of time!” Barnabas whishpered to Clair, “Have you figured anything out yet?”
“Apparently,” she said, not looking up from an instrument panel, “It pretty much works like a regular ship.  There’s a few differnces, but I think I could do it.”
“Then do it,” Barnabas said, “Do it now, before we get caught!”
“Aye, captain!” she replied, and began fiddling with the instrument panel.  “I’m going to need you to raise the anchor, though.”
“All right,” Barnabas said, heading back to the spot they had boarded the ship.  Along the way he ran into Pergory, Theodore, and Darcie.
“I hope you two figured out how to fly this thing, because we need to move,” Pergory whispered.
“We did,” Barnabas answered, “What about you all?”
“Ferellin did some fine work, but he’s pretty spent,” Darcie answered, “He did a mind fog on the crew, but that’s not his branch of magic, you know?  We got em all off the ship and headed south across the desert so nobody else on the fleet notices them, but Ferellin collapsed after that.  He’s below deck, resting.”
“Well it was a better method than killing; I’ll give you that,” Barnabas said, “Let’s get this anchor up.”
The anchor was bigger than a normal ship’s, and it took all of them pulling at once to bring it above deck.
“How do they get it up without the strength that you two can provide,” Theodore asked, looking between Darcie and Barnabas.
“With that,” Barnabas answered, pointing to a machine.  “That machine hauls the anchor up automatically, but I couldn’t risk turning it on and making a lot of noise.  Let’s go, Clair’s going to need us.”
They went back up to the deck, where Clair filled them in on how the ship runs.
“Basically,” she told them, “It’s all magic.  The ship functions like a normal ship, all of the parts and everything.  Even the sails!  The magic just makes it fly, and tricks the laws of physics into thinking the ship is in water, when it’s actually in the sky.  What this means, is that if you punctured a hole in the side, it would fall out of the sky just like a sinking ship.  The magic doesn’t compensate for that for some reason.”
“How do you know that?”  Barnabas asked.
“My new friend, here,” Clair said, dragging into view the Gathnad soldier Barnabas had incapacitated earlier.  He was now awake, and bound.
“Do you have any more need of him?” Barnabas asked.
“No,” She asked, as she continued to study ships rigging.
“We’ll have to dispose of him after we get in the air,” Barnabas said.  “Can you fly us?” He directed this question to Clair.
“If the anchor’s up, yes,” She answered, taking the giant steering wheel and giving it a spin.  The ship began moving, and it was much more peculiar than when a ship moves in the sea.  But just as Barnabas had thought, they did not even get moved twenty feet before they were spotted.
“Ha ha!” the bound soldier laughed, “So much for your daring escape!”
Barnabas grabbed the man with both hands and threw him.  He threw him so hard and fast that the man sailed like a cannonball and pierced the side of the ship closest to them.  Barnabas stared as ship began sinking slowly to the sand.
“Just like a sinking ship,” he said, after seeing with his own eyes what Clair had told them about the magic of the ships.  “Does that principle apply with every part of the sihp?” he asked her.
“Pretty much, from what he told me,” Clair said, she didn’t seem upset at all about what Barnabas had done to their captive.
“It gives me a few ideas,” Barnabas said.  “Pergory, Theodore!  Come with me for a second.”
They went below deck to the cargo hold, where they found Gathnad’s weapons of war.  The automatic haulers (four wheeled, metal monsters big enough for Barnabas to occupy), cannons (at least a hundred of them), Barnabas was staring, looking for the one thing the emperor had told him about that he figured would be of the most use to him for the escape.  Then he found it.
“Here,” he said, handing Pergory and Theodore each a device that was hanging off of the walls.
“What are these,” Theodore asked, looking at the strange device.  It was about as big as his torso.  There were straps that were obviously meant to go around your arms and waist.
“One man flying machines,” Barnabas replied, “The emperor told me of them when I visited him for dinner.  I’ve got a plan.”
“Oh I don’t like where this is going,” Theodore said, grimacing and putting on the straps.
“I do,” Pergory said with a grin, “Sound’s like my kind of escape plan!”
Barnabas grabbed a cannon under one arm, and a crate full of ammunition under the other, and they climbed back above deck.  The sight they met was incredible.  They were very far up in the air, and the deck was soaked as they dipped into a cloud.
“Barnabas!” Clair shouted, “We’ve got three ships on our tail!”
“Only three?” Pergory wondered out loud.  He had to yell over the strange rumbling noise the ship made.
“They’re not going to want to commit a lot of their invasion force to apprehend one stolen ship,” Barnabas said, “They think three ships will be enough to take us down.  Luckily I’ve already thought of the perfect way to stop them.  The ships fly magically, but still function like regular ships.  If you put a hole in them, they’ll fall out of the sky.  I’ll be taking shots with the cannon for that effect.  But there’s more to it than just that.  If you take out the sails, they’ll be unable to move at all, and just be floating there in the sky.  That’s where you two come in.  Use these flying machines to get to the sails, each of you take a different ship.  Slash the sails to ribbons and they’ll have no choice but to stop pursuing us.”
They heard a wizzing sound, followed by a muffled boom.  The pursuing ships were firing their own cannons.  “We don’t have a lot of time now,” Barnabas said, “Go have Clair show you how to work those things, I’m going to return fire!”
Barnabas moved the cannon to starboard side, where one ship was slowly gaining on them.  He saw a flash of light and a cannonball whizzed not even three feet from where he was standing.
“Veer east!” Barnabas yelled loudly, and he felt the ship move accordingly.  He lined up his cannon, and placed the ammunition in.  “Use evasive action!” Barnabas yelled as he heard the other ships firing from the port side.  He began twitching the cannon’s angle, waiting for the perfect shot to arise.  Suddenly, he had it.  Lighting the powder, the cannon gave an almighty blast and lurched backwards.  Barnabas flinched for a moment, and then frantically looked to see if his shot had met its mark.  He had grazed one of the masts of the pursuing ship, knocking down one of the sails.  This slowed the ship down considerably, but did not completely remove the threat.
He heard a strange buzzing sound, followed by yells from Pergory and Theodore.  Looking back, he watched them take off into the sky, bobbing inconsistently as they awkwardly learned the controls to the machines.  It was almost comical enough to make him laugh.
“Once we’ve gotten out of this mess,” Barnabas told himself, focusing his attention back on the ship he was attacking.  The ship fired again, and this time it blasted the rail off of the deck.  Barnabas’ cannon nearly slid into the opening, forcing the troll to grasp it desperately.  Using all the strength he could muster, he pulled it back onto the deck and started lining it back up for another shot.  Lighting the powder, he took it.
This time his aim was true.  He saw an enormous hole appear in the side of the ship, sending splinters everywhere.  He could make out the crew becoming frantic as they attempted to keep the ship in the sky, but they were no longer being evasive, and Barnabas had the perfect shot.  He took it, adding yet another hole into the side of the ship, and their fate was sealed.  They fell out of the sky like a rock, and Barnabas could just make out the screams of the crew over the strange rumbling sounds the ships were making as they flew through the sky.
He dragged his cannon over to the port side to help out Pergory and Theodore if he could.  He couldn’t spot Theodore, and desperately hoped the man hadn’t been attacked.  He aimed at the ship that Pergory was attacking, not wanting to accidentally hit Theodore with a stray cannonball.  But Pergory seemed to be quite capable with his flying machine by this point.  Barnabas could tell that most of the sails had been thoroughly obliterated.  And knew he didn’t want to waste time sinking a ship that couldn’t follow them anymore.  He turned back to Theodore’s ship, and finally saw the ranger darting amongst the sails.  Both ships were losing speed, and at this point were out of reach of cannonfire.  Before long, Theodore and Pergory were heading back to the stolen ship.
Once they had landed, Theodore bent over and vomited heavily on the deck.
“I told you not to look down,” Pergory told him.
“Ugh,” Theodore groaned, “I knew better, too.  But it wasn’t exactly something I could help at that point.”
Barnabas grinned at them, and started laughing, not believing their luck.  “Yet another miraculous escape.” He said, “Our luck can’t hold out much longer, can it?”
“I think we’re about due for some bad luck,” Pergory said.  “Luckily, I have just the thing.”  He turned to Clair and said, “Head southeast.”
“Aye!” she said, spinning the wheel.
“So where are we going,” Barnabas asked the Bard, as they headed to the front of bow to watch their progress.
“Home,” Pergory answered.  “A place I haven’t seen in a long time.  A place that no man has ever seen.”
“In Ugbae?” Barnabas asked him.
“Yes and no,” Pergory said, glancing up at the troll.  “It’s located on the physical continent, but it’s not part of Ugbae.  It’s not ruled by the Schieck, or by any man, dwarf, gnome or moel for that matter.  But to explain this, Barnabas, I should ask you a question.  Do you know what it is about you that I like most?”
“Surpise me,” Barnabas replied.
“I think I might,” Pergory said laughing.  The others were all gathered around now, listening intently as well.  “What I like most about you, Barnabas, is the similarities that we share.  We are both outcasts of our people, shunned and isolated from our brethren.  The circumstances are different, but the outcome is similar.  We are forced to live amongst man, though we are far different from them.”
“What do you mean?” Barnabas asked, very confused, “You are a man.”
“I have adapted to man’s world over time,” Pergory said, and as he did so he reached up to his head and for the first time since Barnabas had met him, the bard began unbinding his turban.  He was doing it deliberately slow, carefully rolling it up to prevent it from creasing.  “But, no Barnabas, I am not a man.  My real name isn’t Pergory Feng either.”  Barnabas gasped as Pergory fully removed the turban.  Dark black hair was matted all around his head, forming a sort of disruptive looking hat (it was due to to sweat and the turban’s odd shape) but the thing that stood out the most were his ears.
Long, and pointed, they extended from his head a good five inches.  Barnabas thought that they must have wrapped around the back of his head while the turban was in place, so as not to be conspicuous.  It was a jarring sight, Barnabas had for a long time pictured the bard as being bald under the turban.  This was certainly not the vision he had imagined.
“My real name,” Pergory said, “Is Havan Couris.”
Barnabas was still recovering from seeing Pergory’s uncovered head.  It took him a few minutes to take in what the man had said.  Theodore was staring open mouthed at the bard, too shocked for words.  Clair nearly lost control of the ship when she saw it, and Darcie had reared on her hind legs with shock.
“Havan…Havan Couris…” Barnabas said slowly, “That’s…you can’t be Havan Couris!”
“I am,” the bard said, “or at least I was.  I haven’t used that name in a long time.  Please continue to call me Pergory.”
“Pergory,” Barnabas said, “Havan Couris was the elf general who forged the treaty on the Field of Red Clovers!  That was over a thousand years ago!”
“A thousand years to a man, Barnabas, is a great deal of time,” Pergory replied, “But to an elf it is little more than a small fraction of our lives.  I was just more than three hundred years old when I was exiled.  In comparison to a human, maturity-wise I was roughly twenty years old.  Elves are nearly eternal.”
“But what about the stories you told me of your family?” Barnabas asked.
“I have lived on every continent, in every corner of the planet.  I have seen places you don’t even know exist,” Pergory replied, “In order to live with man, I’ve had to live like one.  So every twenty years or so, I am forced to pack up and move.  It’s too strange to see a man live for twenty years and show little to no visible signs of aging, I learned that the hard way.  It was natural for me, of course, as an elf.  But I didn’t take into account what the humans would think when they saw it happening.  I have been a vagabond for the last thousand years or so.  I must take a different name each time I move.  I have mastered teleportation magic to make such drastic changes in venue possible, but I rarely use it to remain inconspicuous.”
“You’re a magician?” Darcie asked.  He glanced at her, and disappeared before their very eyes.
“Yes,” he answered, and they glanced up to see him standing atop the mast.  He disappeared and reappeared next to them again.
“If you can teleport,” Barnabas asked, “Then why have we been walking everywhere for the last few months?”
“Understand, Barnabas,” Pergory said sternly, “What I have revealed to you now is something I have never revealed to anyone before you aside from two of my closest companions, and them only on their deathbeds so as to ensure their secrecy.  Because revealing this information to you, and to do what I am about to do next, requires a serious infringement on the treaty I wrote on the Field of Red Clovers.  I was never supposed to reveal myself to mankind, or the other races of the world.  But recent events have forced me to.”
“What events?” Barnabas asked.
“The only way Gathnad could find the magic necessary to make these ships fly would be with the help of my people, the elves,” Pergory intoned, glancing in the direction of their destination, “I don’t know how Emperor Sunrath found them.  I don’t know if he defeated them, or struck a deal with them.  I don’t know.  But I intend to find out.  And that’s where we’re heading now, to the elven lands.”
“But you were exiled!” Barnabas said, “What happens if you go back and the elves aren’t helping Gathnad?”
“They are, of that I am sure,” Pergory replied, “At this point, it’s simply a matter of if they are doing so willingly, or if they are being forced.  Keep going southeast until you reach the Uroboros Mountains, Clair.”
“The Uroboros?” Barnabas asked, “That’s were the elves have been all of this time?”
“It’s the perfect spot,” Pergory answered, “It’s inaccessible.  Even the dwarves have never been to the land in the middle of them.”
Barnabas stared at the horizon in wonder.  The Uroboros Mountains were a range on the eastern side of Ugbae.  Not a large range, but they were unique in the aspect that they formed a near perfect circle, like a snake eating its own tail.  Pergory was correct, of course.  No race had ever mapped the land in the middle of that range, because the mountains were too steep to climb and too treacherous to tunnel through.
“With this ship, we can just go right over them,” Barnabas marveled, “But why not just teleport us in?”
“The elves will have set up wards against it,” Pergory said, “To keep out the men, myself, and any others who might want to poke around.  I have a terrible suspicion that we won’t need to worry about flying in, though.  There’s a lot I have to apologize to you for, Barnabas.  I haven’t been entirely honest with you about the details of my life.  Like my aquisation of this sword.” He pulled it out where it glittered in the rising dawn.  “I didn’t get it in Ugbae.  This is an elven blade.  The writing on the side reads, ‘Exile,’ which is its proper name.  It was custom to present a general with a porrock blade, but my people wanted me to know of my future.  So before they had even announced my exile, I was aware of its imminence.
“Some of my brethren didn’t feel I was worthy of such a blade.  One of my,” his voice faltered a bit as he continued, “fellow officers included.  She was my elder only slightly, and felt I had disgraced my people.  She was a great soldier, and if the elves had won the war, she would have been remembered as a hero for all time.  She would undoubtedly, and rightfully, attained the status of general.  But the council of elders superceded her, and thus she was forced to hand me this sword.  The very next day, she challenged me privately for it.  I defeated her in a duel that cost me some of the movement in my leg.”
“Pergory, I trust you,” Barnabas told him, “You don’t need to relive all of this now if you don’t want to.”
“It’s not so much that,” Pergory told him, “I’m trying to prepare you.  The elven lands are going to be unlike anything you’ve ever imagined, of that I can promise you.”
“How so?” Barnabas asked, still unable to stop staring at Pergory’s elven features.
“The technology for one,” Pergory answered.  “During the time of the great war, our technology was far more advanced than anything that you’ve ever seen here.  I’m preparing myself as much as I’m telling you to, because I haven’t been there in a thousand years.  I have no idea what we’re going to see.”
“It’s a quite a concept to think about,” Darcie said, “Someone who’s seen a millennia pass.”
“The oldest elves have seen many more than I have.  The oldest elf ever lived for 4 whole millennia,” Pergory said, “Compare it to a human life cycle and it’s like a human who lived to be one hundred ten years.”
“It doesn’t appear to be a very balanced life cycle, though,” Clair said.
“Not in comparison to the human cycle, no,” Pergory explained, “We mature quickly, for how many years we actually live, that is, and then most of our lives are spent as young adults.  Middle age, and finaly old age each happen about as fast as maturity.  I myself have yet another millennium and a half to go before I have to start worrying about the hassles of being middle aged.”
“Quite ideal, if you ask me,” Theodore said.
“The elves were blessed in that department,” Pergory replied, “But we are cursed with a large burden called, ‘vanity.’  You’ll understand what I mean when we arrive.”
“I figure we should be closing in on the Uroboros in a few hours,” Clair said, “Judging what I can make out from this map here.”
“I’ll direct you once we make the approach,” Pergory replied, suddenly he let out a curse.
“What?” Barnabas asked, looking around for trouble.
“I blew my big reveal!” Pergory said, shaking his head, “Ferellin’s asleep!  I’ll have to tell this whole story all over again!”
“Ha!” Barnabas laughed, “Welcome to my world!  My sympathy is limited in that matter!”
“It’s good to know your personality remains the same even though you’re an elf now,” Darcie said.
“What do you mean now?” Pergory looked at her strangely, “I’ve always been an elf!”
“I know,” she replied, “But as soon as you revealed it, I thought you’d start acting all strange on us.”
“I long since kicked the habit of nobility that’s driven into each elf from birth,” Pergory replied.
“Wait a moment,” Barnabas said, “That barkeep in Bootskins…the one who recognized your face…do you mean to tell me…”
“I knew him when he was a young man,” Pergory replied, “I went by a different name back then.  What happened in that bar is one of the main reasons I never stick around a single place for more than twenty years.  People start to wonder about a man that doesn’t age…and I can’t really bear to be around a lot of good friends and watch them die around me.”
“I can understand that,” Theodore said, “It can’t have been easy for you all of these years.”
“No,” Pergory replied faintly, “No it hasn’t.”
They traveled for another half hour before the Uroboros came into view over the horizon.  Barnabas had seen the mountains a few times in his travels, and had always wondered what it would be like in the middle of them.  He would never have guessed the elves were hiding there, however.
Ferellin had woken by this time.  He was more than shocked to discover Pergory’s identity, as well as their destination.  The moel were the only race to have little to no contact with the elves, even before the elves’ isolation.  It was impossible to guage how they would react to each other.
The mountains were treacherous, and as if to add to the ominousness of it, a storm was brewing overhead.  Barnabas wondered if this wasn’t a magical property the elves used to deter explorers.  There would be other useful functions to being able to control the weather as well, such as irrigation.  Knowing the elves were highly magical from all of the books he had read of them, Barnabas didn’t doubt that the sudden change in weather was in some way controlled by a spell.
Clair guided the ship upwards over the mountains, and it was quite a sight to see entire mountains pass below them.  The middle of the range was quite large.  Barnabas estimated it to be larger than the Maelbog, at least.  But it was not the land’s size that caught his attention, it was the contents.
There was an enormous city hidden in the mountains, but it was unlike any city Barnabas had ever seen before.  Some of the buildings were nearly as tall as the mountains themselves, and made of steel.  Carriages could be seen traveling along at high speeds throughout the streets, being pulled by neither horses nor any other kind of external force.  Barnabas saw lights glittering amongst the cityscape, but they did not flicker like the light of a fire.
“It’s beautiful,” Darcie exclaimed softly as she took it in.  Clair nearly lost control of the ship as she stared open mouthed at the sight before her.  Ferellin seemed impressed, but grudgingly so.  Theodore was squinting, and was moving his mouth, counting silently to himself.  Counting what, Barnabas didn’t know.  Pergory stared at the cityscape with his jaw set, a fierce look in his eyes.
“Head to the northern part of the town,” he told Clair, “I can see a place we can land.”
“There’s a spot big enough for this ship amongst all of this?” Clair asked, looking for the spot that Pergory indicated.  But Barnabas had seen it too.  It was just big enough to land their ship.
“I wonder if it wasn’t intended to be there,” Barnabas said to Pergory.
“I don’t doubt it was,” the elf replied, “Keep on guard after we land.”
Clair guided the ship and began settling it down.  Having never done so, she nearly hit a building and a few of the carriages that were sitting nearby.
“Don’t land it,” Pergory told her.  “Just toss the anchor.  We might want a quick escape.
“I have no idea what to expect,” he addressed the rest of the party, “Be on guard, and don’t get separated, no matter what.”
“It’s your show for now,” Barnabas said to the bard, “We’ll follow your lead.”
“Right, let’s get this over with,” Pergory threw a rope ladder over the side and began his decent.  Being too large for it, Barnabas simply jumped the side.  He hit the ground with a thud; his weight slightly cracking the street beneath him, which Barnabas noticed was made of some stone he couldn’t identify.  He picked himself up and began glancing around, not entirely excited with what he saw.

Chapter 15
The Council of Elders


“Hail!” a voice called from the street.  Pergory raised his hands in the air in a sign of non-hostility.  Barnabas and the others followed suit.  Before them stood an impressive military regiment of elf warriors.  They were brandishing spears, over one hundred in total, and were pointing them all at Pergory.  Every soldier, every face on the street, was staring at Pergory:  some with hatred, others with complete shock.  What few children Barnabas could see were tugging at their parents shirts, whispering excitedly.
The elves were nearly identical to humans in terms of looks.  The main difference, of course was their ears, which were longer than humans and pointed at the tips.  Another main difference between the elves and human was their hair.  While some elves had normal hair color, others had a very different range.  Barnabas spotted one with a very striking shade of green.  It seemed almost unnatural.  The citizens were dressed strangely; some with garments adorned with words that Barnabas guessed were in the elvish language.  Their clothing was as colorful as some of their hair was, and Barnabas couldn’t help but think that some of it was very distasteful.
The leader of the regiment approached Pergory; his look was of distaste, as if the bard were a rather unpleasant bit of bug stuck to his shoe.
“Though the elders anticipated your return,” the man said, “We all rather hoped we could be spared this moment.”
“I have a lot of questions,” Pergory replied, “And I will have them answered by the elders.”
“It is nice to know that these last few centuries have done nothing to quell your arrogance, Couris,” the man said with a hint of bitter amusement, “What makes you think you deserve an audience with the elders?  In accordance to the treaty you wrote, I have grounds to execute you here in this street for even stepping foot in this city.”
“That treaty has been nulled already by the elders, if my assumptions are correct,” Pergory answered, “And I give you one warning only, I no longer use that name.  You can address me as, ‘General,’ soldier.”
“Aye, ‘General,’” the soldier said the word mockingly, while banging his fist against his armor in a salute.  He turned and faced his regiment, “Our lost, ‘General,’ has returned to us!  Rejoice!” Utter silence was met to his words.  A man in the street called a jeer in the elvish language, which was followed by another.  Suddenly something flew and smacked Pergory in the face.  It was quickly turning into a small riot.  Barnabas was about to say something to the crowd, but Pergory gave him a warning look.  The regiment had moved around the party and started pushing them down the street.
“We’ll take you to the elders,” the regiment leader told Pergory, “They can decide your fate.”
“I am the master of my own fate,” Pergory said, and there was venom in his voice that Barnabas had never heard there before.  “Not those aged fools.”
The march down the street had an air that Barnabas had experienced one other time in his life.  It was during his younger travels; he was in Gathnad and happened to be present for a public execution.  The atmosphere had been exactly the same: peoples’ excitement of the macabre, the foreboding and gut chilling feeling of witnessing a tragedy.  These people were fierce in their hatred of Pergory, lobbing stones over the regiment in an attempt to hit the bard.  Barnabas listened closely and could hear scraps of the human language being called out over the din of elvish.
“TRAITOR!”
“...Never have come back!”
“KILL HIM!  KILL THE TRAITOR!”
Barnabas thought that surely there were must have been other elves that shared the compassion and desire for peace that had caused Pergory’s exile in the first place.  He asked Pergory as much.
“I’m sure there’s a few,” Pergory answered, “But any one who’s very outspoken about it would be exiled as well, or thrown into prison for the remainder of their lives.”
Theodore was getting many glares from the surrounding crowd.  As the only pure human in their group, it was not hard to tell that he was extremely disliked.  He had one hand on his bow at all times, and Barnabas did not doubt that he could have it strung and aimed in a matter of seconds.  Ferellin was receiving curious glances, as many of the elves undoubtedly had never seen a moel before this.  Clair was more or less ignored, but occasionally pointed at by the few children in the crowd who giggled at her diminutive size.  Darcie was the subject of much jeering.  The elves were a race of powerful magic users, Barnabas knew, and apparently didn’t want to miss an opportunity to flaunt their superiority.  A human centaur in their midst would be the subject of much ridicule.  Barnabas himself was receiving the most stares aside from Pergory, however.  Looks of curiosity for the giant grey skinned monster adorned nearly every face at some point.
They continued their march, but as Pergory had wanted, they had picked a good spot to land the ship.  The elders’ building was very close by, and the regiment pushed Pergory, Barnabas and the rest through the doors.  Only the leader of the regiment was with them now, as he guided them through the hallways.  The building was unlike any Barnabas had ever seen.  There were fixtures on the wall that produced light, though there was no flame.  Barnabas didn’t think it was magic, but he had no other answer as to what it could have been.  There were many statues and paintings along the walls.  People, ancient places long forgotten, cities lost to the ancient war or the sands of time; all preserved in works of art.  Barnabas wished he could take the time to admire them, but that opportunity seemed highly unlikely.  The crowd outside seemed to be constantly growing, each passing minute made them louder and presumably more violent.
“Pergory,” Barnabas said, loud enough for the soldier to hear as well, “I refuse to give up my weapon in such a hostile environment.  If that is going to be a problem…”
“Don’t worry, strange troll,” the soldier said mockingly, “We have no reason to fear your feeble axe when our minds could destroy you before you even thought of attacking.”
“Interesting,” Barnabas looked curiously at the man, “that you would know of my race.  Are there trolls in this range as well?  I thought they were native to Ruoth.”
“No, not in this range,” the man said with a chuckle, “We’ve been studying the world outside our home for many centuries.  Discreetly, of course, but we have hidden settlements in various spots on every continent.  Trolls were a particularly boring study, due to their lack of intelligence and primitive nature.”  Barnabas chuckled at the man’s ill concealed attempt to get a rise out of him.
“True,” Barnabas replied pleasantly, “But I’m fairly certain that monitoring the other races of the world violates the Treaty of Red Clovers, am I wrong?”
“My people agreed to remain hidden and avoid contact, which we did,” the man said as they rounded a corner.  “In terms of trolls however, we needn’t have worried.  They were thuggish brutes to begin with and seemed to have a rabid hatred of us.  They’d get particularly violent whenever we approached.”
“That might just be their nature,” Barnabas replied, “Trolls tend to be threatened easily,” 
“We’re here,” the soldier said as they stopped outside a pair of giant double doors.  “The elders are expecting you; I’ll announce your presence.”  He stepped inside the room and spoke loud words in the elvish language.  Barnabas saw Pergory tense when the man had finished, and he walked inside, indicating the others to follow him.
The elven leaders were seated behind a tall table that formed a crescent shape around the room.  The room was designed that when someone entered it, they would be in the middle of this table, surrounded by the elders.  There were twenty of them in total, all with white hair and wrinkled skin.  Barnabas assumed these elves must have been a few millennia old by now.
“My name is Nibrare Folonze.  We shall use the human language for this trial,” the elder located in the center addressed Pergory.  He had a bald pate, but what hair did grow was down past his waist.  He had brilliant blue eyes that despite their shine, gave off an eminence of coldness, “As I have no doubt your usage of your native tongue has deteriorated these past centuries.”
“I speak it fine,” Pergory answered, “It’s out of shame that I don’t.”
“Shame you say,” An elder towards left most end said.  He was portly, his belly barely concealed by flowing green robes, “You feel shame for your actions now, after all this time?”
Pergory gave a bitter laugh.  It echoed throughout the room and was not returned in the slightest.  The elders looked disapprovingly at him, but never so much as flinched.
“Ashamed of my actions?” he asked.  “ASHAMED OF MY ACTIONS?!  How dare you, Abanaz?  You, the one who suggested casually; the genocide of an entire race of people?  No, I am not ashamed of my actions.  My actions saved millions of innocent lives.  I’m ashamed of being considered in the same species as the rest of you!”
“Watch your tongue, Havan,” a woman on the farthest right of the table warned him.  Barnabas didn’t need Pergory’s next outburst to discern her identity.  He could see the resemblance between the two.
“Hello to you as well, mother,” Pergory spat bitterly.  Clair and Darcie gave an audible gasp, but Pergory ignored them and continued, “How is your pottery shop?  Did you ever plant that garden you were talking about?  I guess we have a lot to catch up on, after a whole millennium!  But now may not be the best time.  No, I have more urgent matters for breaking my oath.  Oh, and the next person to call me Havan Couris will not live to see the next day.  That’s my only warning.  You can call me Pergory Feng now.”
Barnabas stared at Pergory.  He had completely transformed into a different person.  He had never actually seen Pergory hate something before they walked into this room.  But he hated the people sitting at the crescent table.  It was evident in his eyes, his tone, and his gestures.  But Barnabas was not sure how wise it was to threaten people like this council of elders.
“So you haven’t changed at all,” Nibrare intoned sadly, shaking his head like a man witnessing the misbehavior of a small child.  “Still foolish; with your ideals of compassion.  I suppose,” he directed his attention to the rest of the group, “That, ‘Pergory,’ here has told you the story of the great war?  As it was written by men, no doubt.  Well hear it from the elves now, and know the other side of the coin.”  Pergory started a rebuttal, but the elder waved his arm, and with a flash, Pergory was gagged.  “You will remain silent for the time, now, ‘Feng.’  Turnbull?  As our historian, would you be so kind as to educate our new friends?”
An elder located three seats to Nibrare’s left side stood up.  He was a brutish looking man, and Barnabas silently thought that his first guess as to this man’s profession wouldn’t have been historian.  He looked to be a warrior.  Pergory’s eyes widened with insurmountable rage as the man started speaking.
“A millennia ago,” Turnbull started, “we elves took upon ourselves the task of guiding the path of the world.  As the other species:  humanity, dwarfkind, gnomish, and even the moel (though we knew little about them) began developing in culture and technology, we felt it would be best to act as a guiding hand in that development.  Steer them down a path that would help them avoid the trivalties of advancement that awaited them.  Petty misunderstandings, war, dark ages of disease, and hatred.  Through our hands we could have united all species.  That was our intent.  Our first step was decided for us as the humans began venturing into the world in their first forays of colonization.  We knew we would have to push our influence quickly, but we did not anticipate humanity’s arrogance.  They viewed our actions as tyrannical.”
“Of course they did,” Barnabas said, as Pergory tugged on the gag over his mouth.  “You can coat your words with sugar, good elder, but you will not hide their true flavor from me.”  Nibrare waved his hand as he had to Pergory, and as before there was a flash.  But no gag appeared over Barnabas mouth.  Barnabas grinned, and the elders looked warily at the troll.  Nibrare’s face remained impassionate as he studied the ten foot gray monster before him.  “Your good soldier told me your people didn’t spend a lot of time studying trolls, so you may not be aware.  My kind is very impervious to magic.”  This raised quite an alarm, and many of the elders looked between each other, obviously wondering if they should be alone in the room with someone who was so naturally defended against them.  Pergory, though still gagged, looked absolutely delighted at their fear.  Clair, Darcie, Ferellin and Theodore all seemed to become much more confident with Barnabas’ last announcement.
“But as I was saying,” Barnabas continued, “You are fools to think that we are stupid enough to fall for this web of lies.  You didn’t set out to unify the races.  You feared the fast growing civilization of man, and of dwarves, and of every other race.  You sought to conquer them before they could pose a threat to your dominance.  Mankind didn’t believe your lies one thousand years ago.  Do you think that they, or the other races, have grown more gullible since then?”
“The Gathnadians seem to have,” Turnbull sneered at Barnabas.  Pergory had finally ripped off the gag.
“We finally get to the point of this meeting,” he said, rubbing his jaw as he did.  “What have you done?  And don’t skate around it either; I’m rather in a hurry here.  I know you’ve helped Gathnad in this war effort of theirs by enchanting their ships.  Why did you do this?  What would possibly convince you to ally with Gathnad?”
“We did not enchant their ships,” Pergory’s mother said.
“That’s a lie!” Pergory said, “And don’t tell me another, either!  I’m not in the mood for these games!  Do you think I have forgotten of it?  A millennium did not make me forget the magical trace left whenever that thing is used, and it covers those ships like a blanket!  I am an elf, after all, as much as I hate the fact.  I saw the ships.  I saw the trace.  You enchanted Gathnad’s ships using the Jewel of the Flock!”
“The Jewel of the Flock?” Barnabas asked.
“Your friends do not know?” Turnbull asked.  “You didn’t inform them before bringing them here?”
“I didn’t,” Pergory answered, “I guess a part of me was stupid enough to hope I wouldn’t have to tell them.  But once again, you all have shown that no level of foolishness is beyond your grasp!”
“Keep running that mouth, Couris,” Turnbull said menacingly, “And I’ll reeducate you in military discipline.”
“Keep calling me Couris and I’ll reeducate you as to how sharp this blade is, Turnbull,” Pergory retorted, drawing his sword as he did so.  Barnabas stepped between the two and addressed Turnbull.
“What is the Jewel of the Flock?” Barnabas asked.
“It is an immensely powerful magical artifact,” Turnbull said, turning his back to Barnabas and retreating to his spot at the table.  “In actual fact, it is the focal point for all magic.  Theoretically, when you cast a spell, this is where the magic comes from.  You still use your body’s energy, and your mind’s limitations; but the magic emenates from the stone.  As such, closer proximity to the stone grants more innate control over the magic.  And any one in direct contact with it can use the stone’s full potential for their own.  It is possible to cast any and all magic while holding the stone.”
“Even forseeing?” Barnabas asked.
“Well, no,” Turnbull said, frowning, “Not forseeing.  That’s something else entirely.  No elf has been able to Forsee in many millennia.  We thought it had died out.”
“There are many in the world outside this range who can forsee,” Barnabas said casually, but he knew it would eat at their superiority.
“Interesting,” Nibrare said, “But beside the point of this conversation.  Elves are already very powerful magicians naturally.  With the Jewel, we have achieved many things…”
“Except for the attempted genocide of the human race,” Pergory interrupted.
“Attempted genocide, this is now the second time you’ve used that phrase,” Nibrare said, “But it is a lie.  We never intened to wipe out the human race entirely.  We intended to leave enough to restart their population from a manageable number.”
“Which is even worse,” Pergory said, “But essentially still genocide.”
“Call it what you will,” Nibrare intoned solemnly, “But you got your way in the end.  And now we will get ours.”
“You did enchant those ships,” Pergory said, expecting admittance to the crime.
“We didn’t,” Turnbull said with a smile, “We gave the Jewel to Gathnad.”
Stunned silence met his words.  Pergory’s jaw was hanging open.  Barnabas wasn’t sure he had heard Turnbull correctly.  Clair looked frightened beyond belief.
“You…what?” Pergory asked faintly.  Turnbull seemed to get a deal of amusement from the bard’s disbelief.
“We gave Emperor Sunrath the Jewel of the Flock,” Turnbull said, emphasizing each word.  “I personally orchestrated the events upon which we handed off the Jewel myself.  Imagine his surprise, the old man.  His kind had been searching for us, the elves, for one thousand years and we suddenly appear and hand over our greatest weapon of all.  He was quick to agree to our terms.”
“WHY?” Pergory screamed, “Have you all gone INSANE?  Why would you give the Emperor of Gathnad, possibly the most dangerous man in the whole world, the most dangerous magical artifact that has ever existed?”
“He will not keep any promise he has agreed to,” Barnabas said.  Upon learning what the Jewel of the Flock was a steady feeling of discomfort had been slowly creeping through him.  A feeling of familiarity, as if he knew the name, but could not place where he had heard it before.  Upon learning of it’s current whereabouts that discomfort had turned into bubbling rage.  He could feel blood rushing to his head, he knew his eyes were close to turning black, and the troll in him was about to escape the confines of his collected demeanor.  “Emperor Sunrath is just as cruel as General Gunther the Bold was.  He will not honor any commitment to the elves!”
“He doesn’t have to,” Nibrare said calmly, “The Emperor is a man, and as such, a fool.  He doesn’t understand the power he has.  He will only use that artifact for mere parlor tricks, such as making his ships fly.  We elves have used it for the last thousand years to prepare for this moment.  We didn’t give the Jewel away as a peace offering.  We will take back the Jewel after Gathnad has finished weaking the human race for us.  When they are all that is left, we will retake the Jewel, and finish what we started in the Great War.  Humanity will no longer be a divided culture, constantly on the verge of war.  We elves will no longer hide in a mountain range; we will take back our homelands.”
“You’re insane,” Pergory said, “All of you!  Peace has reigned these last thousand years because of my treaty.  And Gathnad are what they are, I make no disguises to their true natures.  But they have a deity given right to be that way.  You are talking of slavery.  And why?  Because you are upset at losing a war against so called, ‘lesser,’ beings a millennium ago!  I tell you now, though, I will not stand for it.  We will depart immediately, and put a stop to this atrocity!”
“By all means,” Turnbull said, “There’s the door behind you.  Go.  But the very fact that you’re here means it has already begun.  With the resources at his disposal, I’d be willing to bet that Emperor Sunrath has made it to the capital of Ugbae already.  If he takes Ugbae we really won’t need him to take Ruoth to start our own agenda.  We are ready to depart this range, and all of our other settlements, at a moment’s notice.  So please, Havan, try and stop us.  It’s already too late.”
Pergory was so fast that no one, not even Barnabas, could have stopped him.  He leapt over the table and thrust his blade so deeply into Turnbull’s chest that the blade actually protruded from the man’s back.  The elders screamed their shock at the action.
“I did warn you,” Pergory said as he retracted the blade.  Turnbull’s body slumped forward and Barnabas knew the time to retreat had arrived. He rounded to his group and found Theodore already aiming his bow at the door, ready for an imminent attack.
“Let’s move!” Barnabas ordered, picking up Clair and placing her in Darcie’s saddle.  “Is there a back door to this place?” Barnabas asked Pergory.
“How would I know?” the bard responded, “I’ve never been here!”
“Wonderful,” Barnabas replied with an involuntary smirk, “Guess it’s our normal, ‘Plan B.’”
“We use it so often, it ought to be, ‘Plan A.’” Clair said.  Theodore and Ferellin had already barred the doors as best they could.  The elders had finally acted, however, and had moved to the doors, forcing Theodore and Ferellin back into the group.
“You cannot escape this room,” Nibrare said, his voice firm and imposing, “The only exit is through these doors.”
“Well you’re dead wrong on that count,” Barnabas said, “Stay behind me!” he addressed to his party.  He lowered his head and shoulders and took off on the hardest sprint he could manage, not towards the elders, but in the exact opposite direction.  When he hit the elder’s table, it shattered around him, not impeding his progress in the slightest.  He hit the wall, producing similar results.  The room on the other side of the wall was unguarded, all of the forces, Barnabas knew, would be in the front, where they would have completely anticipated the escape to be attempted.
It appeared to be a workstation of some sort.  Barnabas thought it resembled Martin Crownshed’s office back in Bolst, only ten times the size.  Elves of both genders were given the shock of their lives as a ten foot gray monster burst out of the wall, and he was followed by a centaur with a gnome on her back, a moel, a famous traitor, and a human.  Barnabas bounded his way through the desks, his goal to make the path easier for his companions to follow.
He was heading west through the building, in the direction where they had set the ship.  He hoped he could barrel his way through the building, out the western side (supposing they couldn’t find a proper exit) and to the ship with as little confrontation as possible.  Pergory seemed to have realized Barnabas’ intentions.
“We’re headed for the ship?” He asked.
“Yeah,” Barnabas grunted as he ran through another wall.
“We don’t need to get to the ship!” Pergory yelled through the growing volume of the soldiers that were starting to pursue them.  “We just need to get out of the building!”
“What?” Barnabas asked, “I don’t understand!”
“I can teleport us!  I tried in the Elders’ Foray, but they have wards against it there, so that criminals can’t escape justice while in this building!” Pergory exclaimed, “All we have to do is get outside and I can teleport us all the way back to Unslad!”
“I thought you said there were wards against that all over the city!” Theodore asked.  He had already loosed a few arrows and downed as many soldiers, but they were no where close to evening the odds of the conflict.
“There are wards for teleporting into the city,” Pergory said, “But there won’t be leaving it!  They’ll have wanted quick access out of the city if needed.  Besides that, they don’t even know I can teleport!  I learned it only after my exile, so that I could get around the world easier!”
“So let’s get outside,” Barnabas said, bursting through another room.  This was about the fifth room, and that particular one had been stone-walled.  His shoulder was going to need Darcie’s attention if they escaped; as he could literally feel it fracture as it went through the stone.  He switched his posture to use his other shoulder, hoping that there were not many more rooms between them and outside.
His hopes were answered as the next wall that he burst through greeted him with sunlight.  He had broken his other shoulder; the final wall had been made of steel, and had taken him a few hits to burst open.  His arms lying useless at his sides, he turned to Pergory.
“Quick!  Do it now, if you can!” Barnabas yelled at the bard.  But Pergory was staring through the hole into the street, and a tear was in his eye.  Barnabas followed his gaze and saw a beautiful elf woman, clad in armor, leading a small army.
“Havan,” she said icily.  There was a lot of hate in her eyes as she took in Pergory’s appearance.
“Denessa,” he replied with a strangled choke.  Barnabas realized the entire world seemed to stop as they viewed each other.  Even the pursuing troops had halted their advancement, eager to see this confrontation.  Barnabas was surprised.  He had expected Pergory to come unhinged at hearing his birthname, much like he had towards Turnbull.  It was obvious, though, that his real name was a different kind of weapon when spoken by this military woman.  She was slightly taller than he was; her raven hair just visible around her shoulders where it sprouted through the silver helmet that adorned her hair.  Her gray eyes were fierce and cold as they took in Pergory, scrutinizing him.
“So you’re still not deserving of that sword, I see,” she said, and started walking up to him.
“Please Denessa, no,” Pergory had drawn his sword, but so reluctantly that it was almost pathetic.
“Do you want to see what someone who deserves it can do with a porrock blade?” she asked, removing her own blade.  Barnabas gasped as he saw that she also had a porrock blade, much younger than Pergory’s.  There were no veins in its side indicating long life.
“You’re…you’re general now?” Pergory asked, right before she took her first swing.  He deflected it, but instead of moving in for a counter attack, he stayed defensive.  Theodore had drawn his blade, but Denessa turned to him.
“Stay out of this human,” she said venomously, “This is between me and my former husband.”  Pergory cringed at the words.  “You remember our last fight?” she asked Pergory.
“I think about it a lot,” Pergory said, “Pretty much every time I limp around.  Please Denessa, I can’t do this again!  I almost killed you last time!”
“I wish you had!” she screamed at him, “Do you have any idea what I’ve been through in the past thousand years?  Because I’ve been associated with you?  The traitor?  The things I have had to do to earn again the trust of the elders, or simply the trust of the normal citizens of this city?”
“Denessa, I can’t apologize for that, even though I want to!” Pergory said, defending blow after fierce, vicious blow.  “The elders were wrong…are wrong!  The entire world was about to be destroyed!”
“It was about to be saved,” Denessa said, “And you had to ruin that!  Look at the world now, Havan!  Do you think you really saved the humans?  Look at them!  Their technology might advance, but their ways will always be primitive and warmongering now because they have been allowed to go unchecked for a thousand years!  They know nothing of peace!”
“And you think that we can enforce peace on them through a war?” Pergory asked, fiercely.  “Don’t tell me you’re as insane as those old lunatics!  Peace will never be fully achieved through violent means!  Not true, lasting peace!  If you don’t show empathy, how can you be expected to teach it?!”
“That is your opinion, Havan.  And holding your entire race hostage didn’t prove it!  Did he tell you all how he convinced the elders to agree to a treaty?” Denessa turned to Barnabas and the rest of the party.  “He stole the Jewel of the Flock from the elders and threatened to kill every last elf with it if they didn’t agree to the treaty!  Yet he claims to not believe in peace through violence!”
“I wasn’t trying to achieve peace!” Pergory screamed at her, “I was trying to achieve salvation for an entire species of people whose only crime was existing!  And I accomplished that!”
“So, genocide in exchange for another?” Denessa nearly laughed at the implication.  “Your race for theirs?”
“At least the elves would have deserved it!” Pergory shouted, and their swordplay fiercened considerably after that exchange.  Pergory moved on the offensive, both physically and verbally.
“Do you really believe we elves are superior?” he demanded as he lunged, “And suppose that we are, superiority might give us the right to lead, but only if done responsibly! That was never the agenda with the elders, however.  Totalitarian control is their only desire!”
“The humans would have been treated no different than we are treated under the elders’ rule!” Denessa retorted, “Do you think that we are ruled by ruthless dictators?”
“If you truly believe the elders would have shown those whome they considered of lesser intelligence the same respect as they show us, then you really are the most naïve person I have ever met!” Pergory yelled.  “Humans were, and still are regarded as little more than pets in the eyes of our so called, ‘wise,’ elders!”
“PERGORY!” Barnabas finally yelled, “Every minute is precious!  We need to leave this place!”
“Denessa, there is only one thing I regret about my actions,” Pergory told her, as he slowly walked backwards to Barnabas and the rest of their group, “And that is what they have done to you…to us.”
“Don’t say, ‘us,’ Havan,” Denessa snarled, “There hasn’t been an, ‘us,’ in a millennium.”
“I know,” Pergory said his voice sad and defeated.
“Can you do it now?” Barnabas asked quietly.  Pergory held out his hand, and Barnabas took it, indicating the rest of the group to follow suit.  Once they were all touching, Barnabas felt his stomache swoop, and his eyes were suddenly dry.  He blinked fiercely, and when his eyes finally opened, they were no longer in the elven city, nor were they in Unslad, though.  They were in the desert; where exactly, Barnabas couldn’t be sure.  He looked over to Pergory, about to ask the bard, but stopped.  Pergory had dropped to his knees and held his head in his hands.  Looking up to the sky, he let out a scream of anguish that Barnabas would never forget; but they were still pressed for time.
“Pergory!” Barnabas yelled, “This isn’t Unslad!  We need to go to Unslad!”
But the bard seemed not to hear him, so powerful was his grief.  Barnabas was about to give the elf a shake when he was painfully reminded of the fact that his shoulders were both broken as Darce kicked him from the side with her powerful back legs.
“Barnabas!” Darcie yelled, “Can’t you see he needs some time!  Besides that, I refuse to jump into the middle of a potential war zone with your shoulders looking like that!  Get over here!”
Barnabas took a deep breath and tried to calm himself, but it wasn’t going to happen.  He knew that Darcie was right, and walking into Unslad without use of his arms would have been a mistake.
He sat down in front of her and she muttered incantation after incantation.  In a matter of minutes Barnabas felt his left shoulder painfully pop into place and restructure itself.
“If you’re resistant to magic,” Theodore asked Barnabas, “How is it that she can heal you?”
“I think Barnabas’ resistance to magic is subliminal,” Pergory said, his voice shaky, “He was able to prevent himself from being gagged, but I was able to teleport him, and now Darcie can heal him.  Though I will admit you weren’t easy to teleport.  That’s why we aren’t in Unslad,” he explained, “I got us as close as we could but it was taking too much energy.  I need to rest before we go the rest of the way.”
“You think I have some control over my immunity to magic?” Barnabas asked.
“It makes sense,” Clair said, “It would explain why you can block some magic and allow some others to be cast upon you.  You wouldn’t know of your control of this ability because who would have ever been able to teach it to you?”
“That does make sense,” Barnabas replied, “Though the way you make it sound is that my immunity to magic is a branch of magic all on its own.”
“Either way, I’m not sure if I could teleport us the rest of the way,” Pergory said, “Not without rest.”
“How long will you need?” Barnabas asked as Darcie moved to his other shoulder.
“Give me an hour,” Pergory said.
“Right,” Barnabas said, “I’ll carry you, get some rest.  Hopefully after an hour of running we can get close enough to Unslad that it won’t tax you as much to teleport the rest of the way.”
“Barnabas,” Ferellin said, “We should warn the king about the elves!”
“Right,” Barnabas agreed.  His feverish desire to get to Unslad was clouding his mind of the other priorities of their mission.
The sending was cast quickly.  King Ruothenak was very alarmed at the announcement of the elves’ plan.
“Barnabas, it’s going to sound crazy,” the King said, “But we need to get Gathnad on our side!”
“What?” Barnabas asked, befuddled.
“If the elves attack,” The king said, “We will need all three nations of man under one banner again, as they were one thousand years ago, if we hope to win the coming conflict!  You must convince Gathnad to understand this!”
“I’ll try!” Barnabas said, “But I can’t make any promises!”
“For all of our sakes, Barnabas, I hope that you can,” The King gravely replied, “The entire world now rests on your shoulders!”
“Fitting, as they were only just repaired,” Barnabas said, and dismissed the sending.
“Does he really think you can convince the Emperor to abandon his war?” Clair asked doubtfully.
“I think that all we can do right now is act and pray to the deities,” Barnabas said.
Barnabas cradled Pergory, who had already drifted off, in his arms and they began running northwest to Unslad.  Their pace was hard, fast, and silent.  No one had anything to say.  Contemplation of what they would find in Unslad was at the forefront of all their minds.
Barnabas was counting the minutes in his mind.  He wanted to give Pergory as much rest as he would need, but Barnabas knew they were wasting irrevocable time.  Finally, though Barnabas thought they had traveled enough to give Pergory the edge he would need.  Barnabas woke the elf up and set him on the ground.
“You know, Barnabas?” Clair asked, looking up at the troll, “Something that could help Pergory would be if you could try to lessen your magical defenses.”
“I wouldn’t even begin to know how!” Barnabas said, “And I don’t really have time to learn!”
“I think I know how you can do it, though!” Clair said, “Just think about what we’re doing!  How important it is to get there as soon as possible!”
Barnabas did, and as he did he felt a rushing sensation in his mind.  Pergory looked at him for a moment, and then he suddenly smiled.
“There you go!” He said, “I could almost see your defenses drop!  Grab on!”
Barnabas grabbed Pergory and the rest of them followed suit.  There wasn’t a pain in his gut this time as the magic took effect.  He blinked, and was suddenly standing in a mass pile of rubble and confused yells that had been, up till a few days prior, the capitol city of Ugbae.

Chapter 16
Getting Noticed


Barnabas stared at the wreckage.  How could the emperor have done this in such a short amount of time?  Entire buildings were rubble piles, and Barnabas noticed with a pang of dread that he could see limbs amongst the stone.  Seeing them seemed to slow down the world, as his priorities began to rearrange themselves in his mind.
“There might be survivors amongst the wreckage,” he said to Darcie.
“I’ll do what I can,” she said.
“I’ll go with you,” Ferellin said, “To watch your back.”
“Remain hidden,” Barnabas said, “The soldiers won’t think twice about attacking you, Ferellin.  But I have my feelings that if you stay towards the outskirts of the city, you should be fine.  The empire’s forces will be more focused in the center of town, where the most opposition is.  Do as much as you can, and try to meet us at the palace.  Ferellin, send for me when you’re ready and I’ll have Pergory pick you up.”
“What about the rest of us?” Clair asked as Ferellin jumped into Darcie’s saddle and she ran towards the nearest building.
“We storm the streets,” Barnabas replied simply.  “The Emperor will be at the Schieck’s palace.  Hopefully we get there uncontested.  We’ll have to be stealthy about it.  To be honest, that’s the most of my plan though.  I figured that we’d end up winging it anyway.  We usually do.”
“I have to get the Jewel, Barnabas,” Pergory said gravely, “I can put a stop to all of this if I can.”
“One step at a time, though,” Theodore said, “There are going to be a lot of troops lining these streets.  Not to mention their machines.  It’ll be a miracle if we get to the palace in one piece.”
“We need more intelligence as to how the enemy is situated through the city,” Barnabas said.  “Or…Pergory, could you teleport us to the palace?”
“Sorry Barnabas,” Pergory said, “I barely got us back to Unslad.  Even when you lower your resistance you’re a handful to cast magic on.”
“Then what about yourself?” Barnabas asked.  “Do you think you could teleport around the city and gather information for us?”
“I could do that,” the elf nodded, and in an instant he was gone.
“Alright,” Barnabas said, looking back to Theodore and Clair, “We’re going to try to take the best route to the palace as possible.  We’ll cut through buildings, stick to the shadows, whatever it takes.  If we come across men; Pergory, Theodore, and I will deal with them.  If we come across any sort of machinery, Clair, that’s where you come in.  We’ll need your expertise to take them down.”
“Got it,” she said.
“Hopefully we don’t need to resort to that,” Barnabas said.  Theodore’s jaw was set.  Barnabas knew that he must be partially conflicted about killing men from Gathnad.  “It’s for a greater good, Theodore,” he addressed the hunter.
“I know, Barnabas,” Theodore said grimly, “But that knowledge won’t make the task any easier.  These are my countrymen, my friends.  As much as I don’t want the world to face a crisis like what awaits it should we fail, I fear greatly that I will end a life that I recognize.  That…terrifies me, I guess.”
“Trials like this are what separate good from evil,” Barnabas said.  Clair nodded her agreement.  But before they could carry on their conversation, Pergory reappeared immediately behind Clair.
“What does the city look like?” Barnabas asked, as Pergory sat down, breathing heavily.
“Chaos,” Pergory answered, “Their warships have done a fair bit of damage.  Most of the larger buildings have been demolished.  But it seems they are being used mainly for intimidation now.  The ships are merely floating over the city, only once did I see one fire on the city.  I guess they are conserving that particular force for Ruoth, where the element of surprise will undoubtedly be nonexistent.  Their ground forces, however, are on the move.  I think I found a path through the city that will help us avoid all of the auto-haulers.  I get the feeling we aren’t going to want to mess with those metal monstrosities.  But we’ll run into at least one good sized platoon for sure.  We’ll probably have to confront them.  But the emperor himself is in the palace.  I saw him enter.  It would be fortunate to confront him there, Barnabas.”
“It’s our only option right now,” Barnabas said, “Lead the way.”
They departed into the ruined city.  Barnabas forced himself to continue following Pergory amidst the pained cries of men, women, and children, all emanating from the destroyed remains of fallen buildings.  More than once he had to convince Clair to keep moving as she made efforts to find the fallen civillians.
“We can’t save them all right now,” Barnabas said sternly after she tried to depart from the group, “And we can save many more of them if we succeed in our mission.  Darcie and Ferellin will save whom they are able to.”
They ran into a couple of small patrols, both consisting of two soldiers:  scouts looking for resistance amongst the survivors.  Pergory ducked into ruined buildings and other shadowed places to avoid these encounters, but at one point as they drew nearer the palace (Barnabas was pained to realize they were merely feet away from the Rough Diamond, now a smear of mortar and brick across the dirt pathway) that Pergory halted their advancement.
“Their main force is up ahead,” Pergory said, “This is definitely going to be the easiest way through them, but we’re still bound to shed blood.”
“If that’s what it takes,” Barnabas said, “We were fortunate to get this far without doing so.  Besides; I have an idea, and we may be able to avoid any uneccesary slaughter if it works.”
“What is it?” Clair asked.
“We are going to ask for parlay with the Emperor,” Barnabas said.  “It’s a simple solution.  I’m hoping that after the Emperor is told who I am, he will be intrigued enough to hear what I have to say.  I don’t doubt he’ll be confident enough to do it.  He has a whole army to stop me should I attempt an assassination or something like that.  He wants me on his side, that’s for sure.  But if it puts me in his company, then it’ll be worth it.”
“I don’t think I want to get too close to the Emperor, Barnabas,” Clair replied, “Or the Jester, Finn.”
“You won’t have to,” Barnabas replied, “I’ll do this on my own.”
“Like hell you will,” Pergory said vehemently.
“I concur,” Theodore said, “There’s no way we’re letting you go into that palace without backup.”
“You, Pergory, and Clair will be back up,” Barnabas replied, “I don’t want to risk any of you though.  This is something I am fairly confident I can do on my own.  You wait here.  I’ll signal you for help, if I require it.”
“Not happening,” Pergory said, “I’m going with you.”
“As am I,” Theodore replied.  “I stand a good chance of convincing the Emperor to drop his agenda.  I am a close friend of him, you know.”
“And as an elf, I may be able to convince him of the Elders’ agenda,” Pergory said.
“I’ll head back and find Darcie and Ferellin,” Clair replied, “And I’ll do as much damage to the machines as I can along the way.”
“By yourself?” Barnabas asked.
“Please Barnabas,” Clair said sternly, “I’m a gnome, not a child.  I can take care of myself.”  Barnabas wasn’t about to argue with the look she gave him.
“Fine, hurry up and leave before we’re spotted.  Try to avoid the troops if you can,” Barnabas replied.  He waited until she was well out of sight before turning towards the palace.  “All right you two, let’s go.”
They moved into the open, and were greeted by half of an army.  All adorned in the black and red colors of Gathnad.  The remnants of a fierce battle lay between the odd trio and this squadron, the ground littered with both Gathnadian troops and Ugbaen alike.  The occasional corpse of a citizen did nothing to ease Barnabas’ mind.  He began closing the gap, mindful to avoid trampling on the cadavers.
“Halt!” called a muffled voice from behind a particularly dark armored soldier.  Barnabas knew this to mean the soldier was of higher rank.  “Who approaches?  State your names…” the soldier’s voice trailed off as he took in Barnabas’ size.
“I am Barnabas the troll,” Barnabas declared.  “With me is Theodore Marquie of Gathnad and Pergory Feng, formerly Havan Couris, outcast general of the Elven army,” The entire regiment shifted as every soldier tried to get a look at the three celebrities in their midst.  “As to our purpose, we wish to speak with Emperor Sunrath immediately, under the flag of parlay!”
“Parlay, you say?” The higher ranking official mused, obviously enjoying himself amidst the turmoil.  It was an attitude Barnabas expected from the troops of Gathnad.  “The Emperor is rather busy conquering a nation now.  Are you sure it’s not anything you could say to me?”
“And you are?” Pergory asked.
“He’s Bungal Noirth,” Theodore answered, “First General and Warlord to the Emperor.”
“Thank you, Marquie,” Noirth said, a smile evident in his tone of voice, “Now why don’t you tell me what is so important.”
“We will discuss it with the emperor and him only.  Even if it means we must go through you to do so,” Barnabas said gravely.
“That sounds remarkably like a challenge, troll,” Bungal said, a hint of anger in his voice now.  “You’d face all of us?”
“No, we wouldn’t,” Barnabas replied, “You’re going to honor our right to parlay.  Your Emperor will want to see me anyway.  I suggest you do yourself a favor and allow us passage.”
“I suppose it would be the honorable thing to do,” Bungal said, shrugging his shoulders, “Besides, it’s no skin off of my nose.  The emperor has enough protection in there to hold off the likes of you.  My terms are simple.  Turn your weapons over to me, and I’ll escort you in.”
“No,” Barnabas replied, “We keep the weapons.  As you said, the emperor has enough protection.  He won’t need to worry about the three of us.  But I don’t trust all of your soldiers we’re bound to pass by on the way to his eminence.”
Bungal stared at Barnabas shrewdly for a moment before nodding his head.  “Fine,” he replied, “The terms are accepted.  Follow me.”  Bungal motioned for four pikemen to accompany them, two on either side of the trio.  Barnabas, Pergory and Theodore followed General Bungal into the palace.  More bodies littered the floors, Ugbae’s elite warriors among them, and their duty complete as they fell to protect their Schieck.  The surviving Gathnadian soldiers were standing at attention in front of doorways, guarding their newly acquired fortress.  They jeered at the odd trio as they passed, showing off their supposed superiority.  In what seemed like a lifetime to Barnabas, they finally arrived just outside the throne room.
“All right,” Bungal said, “Let me just announce you to the Emperor.”  He opened the throne room and Barnabas heard him call loudly, “My lord!  You have visitors.”
“Yes?” Barnabas heard the all too familiar voice of Emperor Sunrath ask.
“Two traitors and a troll,” Bungal replied, a laugh in his voice.
“Of course, of course,” Emperor Sunrath said, Barnabas could hear a smile in his voice, “Permit them access.”
“As you wish, my liege,” Bungal stepped back into the hall and held the door open, gesturing with mock politeness for Barnabas and company to enter.  They did so, Theodore whispered something vehemently to Bungal as he passed, but Barnabas didn’t hear what it was.
Barnabas gasped as he saw the throne room.  The floor was lined with blood, seeping through the cracks in the floor.  There were splatters along the ceiling.  Gathnadian soldiers lined the outer walls of the room, forming a circle around the throne.  The emperor himself was seated in Ugbae’s throne, his right foot propped upon the lifeless body of the corpse of the Schieck.  Barnabas saw a large crystal in the emperor’s right hand.  He didn’t need to ask, he knew that it was the Jewel of the Flock.  Pergory’s sharp intake of breath confirmed that.  The Jester, Finn, was standing to his immediate right.  Barnabas was reminded of when he had first encountered the fool, and how he wished that he could see what lied beyond the mask.  The half smiling and half frowning mask had dead eyes, and it made the man look soulless.
“Barnabas the Troll,” Emperor Sunrath declared loudly.  “It’s been but a few months since we parted company, but it seems so much longer does it not?”
Barnabas said nothing, but merely stared at the Emperor.  Sunrath peered at Barnabas for a while, scrutinizing the troll.
“Leave us,” Sunrath addressed the troops in the room.  They all looked around at each other confusedly, but it didn’t take them very long to realize it was an order.  They filed out of the room, leaving Barnabas, Pergory, and Theodore alone with the Emperor and the jester.  “So much longer, it seems,” Sunrath declared, “Mainly because of the tasks we’ve both undergone since.  I was plotting to conquer the world, and you to stop me from doing so.  Who do you think has been most successful, troll?”
“Emperor Sunrath,” Theodore said, kneeling, “Neither you nor Barnabas are ahead in this game.  We have all been played, from the very beginning!”
“You mean the elves, I assume?” Sunrath asked.
“Yes,” Pergory spoke up, “Emperor Sunrath, my name is Pergory Feng.  I used to be known as…”
“I know who you are, Havan Couris.  I know,” Sunrath interrupted Pergory, “Your elders have counceled me as to your identity, were you to come out of hiding.  They figured you would attempt to stop my efforts.  It seems they were right.”
“This is larger than you,” Barnabas finally said, his voice loud, deep, and enforcing.  A lesser man than the emperor would rightfully have been intimidated by it, but Sunrath merely smiled as Barnabas continued.  “Larger than us, than Gathnad, Ruoth, or Ugbae.  This is about the entire world.  The elves are not going to let you keep it.  Surely you know that.  You don’t honestly trust them to keep whatever bargain they’ve made with you, do you?”
“No, Barnabas, I don’t,” Sunrath stood from his throne and faced Southeast, where the elven city lay hidden in the Uroboros mountains.  “I have prepared myself for the notion of an elven attack shortly after I have finished my conquest.”
“They will defeat you,” Barnabas replied, “They have been preparing for a thousand years!  It’s too late to prevent the war, Sunrath!  Your conquest of Ugbae means the elves will attack, without fail!  They are probably already preparing their own war machines as we speak!  Have you been to their city?  Have you seen their technology?”
“I have not,” Sunrath admitted, “But we proved in the Great War that it wasn’t technology that was stronger, but the will of man!”
“Not the will,” Barnabas replied, “But the numbers!  Man won the war through sheer numbers, and even then it was only through Pergory’s efforts that man was saved.”
Emperor Sunrath held up the Jewel in his hands and stared at it after Barnabas finished.
“Ah yes,” he said, “And then there’s this little trinket.  Who would have thought such a small bauble could hold such incredible power.  With this alone we could defeat the elves, Barnabas.  I have never performed a magic in my entire life, and then I take a hold of this stone and I have accomplished more than any mage has ever dreamed of.”
“You don’t understand how to use it properly,” Pergory said, “It’s not a toy, nor is it invincible!  The elves have held the jewel for much longer than you, Emperor!  They will know what to expect from you, should you weild it!”
“All the greater challenge,” Sunrath said, and Barnabas could hear him losing his patience with this argument.  The Emperor was a fighter, not a diplomat.
“My liege, please listen to me,” Theodore said, “I’ve been your friend for a long time; I’ve seen you do great things for Gathnad and for the world.  Please, I don’t want you to be remembered as the Emperor who allowed the world of man to be enslaved by the elves!”
“Nor will you need to worry about that,” Sunrath said, “Once we have wiped the planet clean of their stain, an act we should have done a thousand years prior, we will no longer need worry about their looming threat.”
Barnabas took a step towards the throne, pulling out his war axe as he did so; causing the jester to raise his staff threatingly.  “If you won’t see sense, oh wise emperor,” the troll said menacingly, “I will end this by force!”
Emperor Sunrath threw back his head and laughed.  Theodore notched an arrow on the drawstring of his bow and aimed for the Emperor’s heart, and Pergory unsheathed his sword, which gleamed bright white in the dull room.
“Very well, Barnabas!” Sunrath said.  “If it is force you wish, I can grant you that.”  He held out his right hand, and in a flash the Jewel of the Flock transformed into a longsword.  The sword looked odd, because the entirety of it still looked like the Jewel, a clear crystal color.  Even the hilt looked no different from the blade.  Sunrath gave it a swing, and a bright light suddenly flickered to life behind Barnabas, who turned around and saw that the doorway was sealed by a bright light.  He could hear the troops pounding on the door, attempting to force their way in to defend their emperor, but the troops were locked out, just as Barnabas, Pergory, and Theodore were locked in.
Sunrath turned to them, the crystal sword held in a two handed grip.  Pergory charged forward, and Sunrath swiped the air.  A blast of wind hit Pergory, knocking him back into the wall.  But while Pergory was sailing through the air, Theodore had loosed an arrow, and its aim was true.  The Jester held out his hand, and the stone floor in front of the emperor shot up, forming a small wall.  The arrow ricocheted harmlessly off of it.  Barnabas charged the wall, using the opportunity of the emperor’s blindness to his advantage.
The wall crumbled, but the pieces didn’t fall.  They hovered for a moment in mid air, and then shot forward.  Using the crystal sword to guide the fragments, the emperor shot them all piece by piece at Barnabas.  The first two were small, and did little to slow the troll’s advance, but the third was much larger.  Barnabas tried to jump over it, but it caught his feet, flipping him onto his head and dazing him.
Meanwhile, Pergory and Theodore were engaged in a bizarre battle with the Jester, who as they soon found out, was an extremely accomplished battlemage.  He had a strange mastery over many different offensive magics.  It was not something most people could do or would even try, due to the severe risk of losing your mind.  But the fool seemed very capable, and was utilizing a multitude.  Theodore and Pergory were barely able to dodge the mage’s attacks as he shot fire out of one hand and used the other to make hail appear out of the ceiling.  But rather than just use his magic for physical harm, he was also using it for deception.  Twice Pergory swatted his sword at thin air before realizing the Jester had manipulated the light in the room to make a reflection of himself.  By the time Pergory realized this error, though, Finn had already launched a small boulder at the bard.  Theodore’s trouble lied in the fact that any time he stopped to line up a shot, he would almost certainly be attacked by either the emperor or the Jester.  His openings were few, and far between, and being the least physical of the three heroes, he was always at risk of a fatal blow.
Barnabas was not faring well.  Every time he got close to the emperor, Sunrath would use the sword to delay him.  The Emperor laughed as he swung wildly, creating a gale of wind that sent Barnabas spinning through the air.  Barnabas landed in a heap, his left arm hitting the edge of his axe, causing a deep gash in his forearm.  He stood up and faced the emperor, only to be hit in the chest by a fireball.  His immunity to magic was the only thing that kept him from being burned to cinders, but it still hurt considerably.  He assumed that the Jewels very nature could break through his resistance easier than a normal magic spell.
Barnabas was recovering from the fireball when he heard the Emperor scream in pain.  Barnabas quickly looked up to see the Emperor on one knee, and one of Theodore’s arrows protruding from the crook of the armor on the Emperor’s leg.  The Emperor yanked the arrow out and faced Theodore.  Running to the ranger, he plunged the sword into Theodore’s stomach, the blade glowing orange with heat as he did so.  Theodore screamed in agony and fell to the ground.
Barnabas had started his charge the moment the emperor had started his own, and before the Emperor knew what had happened Barnabas picked him up with one hand by the front of his armor.  The troll’s eyes were coal black, his rage had taken over; and the mighty and proud Emperor of Gathnad betrayed his nation for the briefest of moments when fear darted across his regal features as their eyes met.  Barnabas roared a war cry and threw the Emperor across the room.  The Emperor collided with the stone wall, and so intense was the the impact that he actually stuck in the wall.  The Emperor pulled himself out, but had barely gained his footing when a chunk of stone tossed by Barnabas collided with his chest, pinning him to the ground.  Barnabas advanced on the Emperor, and as he did, he noticed that Pergory and the Jester had halted their own skirmish and were watching Barnabas’ rage.  Pergory looked exhausted and terrified.  The Jester, as always, was nearly impossible to read, but his body language suggested he was somewhat amused.
“Pergory, go!” Barnabas bellowed, as he felt his eyes blacken once more, his rage returning.
“Go?” Pergory asked, “Go where?”
“Take Theodore to Darcie!” Barnabas yelled, frustrated at the elf’s slowness.  A common characteristic of troll rage was a shortened level of patience, though this was most obvious in Barnabas who was the only troll to display a tendency for any level of patience.  “If you’re quick enough, you can get him there in time to save him!”
“What about you, Barnabas?” Pergory asked.  The Jester was comically looking between them as they debated, and it was making Barnabas even more frustrated.
“DOES IT LOOK LIKE I NEED HELP?” Barnabas screamed, “I’ll be fine!  Take him and come back when you’re done!”
“Alright!” Pergory said, and he ran to Theodore.  Oddly, the jester made no attempt to stop him.  He merely folded his arms and looked to Barnabas, as if expecting orders himself.  Barnabas ignored him and continued his advance on the Emperor.  He heard a slight wooshing noise behind him and knew that Pergory had gone.
The Emperor was trying, in vain, to remove the boulder from his chest.  He looked up, and terror was written all over his face as he saw the enormous troll looming above him.  They stared at each other for a moment, and then the Emperor acted.  He threw the Jewel of the Flock with all of his might towards the Jester.
“Finn!” The Emperor shouted as the stone soared through the air, “Help me!  Give me the strength to beat this monster!”
Time slowed as the the Jewel arched across the room.  The Jester reached out and caught it.  For a moment he just stood there, staring at it.  Barnabas stared at the fool, and his mind cleared as he watched the man.  He could sense that something very terrible had just happened.
“What are you waiting for Finn?!” The Emperor screamed, “Do it now!”
The Jester held out the Jewel, and it glowed white.  A sickening crack forced Barnabas to turn his attention back towards the emperor, and what he saw made his insides squirm.
The emperor’s body was transforming.  His bones were breaking, realigning themselves.  Overall, his entire body structure was changing, becoming larger.  And it was obviously not a pleasant process.  Sunrath screamed in agony and grabbed at his misshapen limbs as they rearranged themselves against his will.  Barnabas grabbed the boulder in an attempt to help the pained man, his rage diffused by the shocking sight before him.  He tried to roll the Emperor onto his backside, but the Emperor swatted with one of his new (and much larger) arms.  The blow knocked Barnabas ten feet before he hit the ground.  Dazed he looked up.
The Emperor was now standing, his body still writhing as if there were snakes living underneath his skin.  He was monstrous.  Nearly as large as Barnabas, his entire body structure had changed.  The magic had given him two extra arms, just underneath where his normal ones were, and each of them were bigger than one of Barnabas’ legs.  His legs themselves had fused together, creating a serpent like tail.  His head had reformed as well, the forhead ridiculously smaller than the rest of it, but his mouth and jaw had been greatly exaggerated.  His teeth, now sharp pointed fangs, were forced into a macabre look that was strangely identical to the Jester’s mask, the right side looked as though it were smiling, the left side as though it were frowning.
The monstrous emperor remained stationary for a moment as it caught its breath.  Barnabas merely stared at it, mortified at what he had just seen.
“Emperor Sunrath?” he asked.
The monster lunged, screaming shrilly as it did.  The top arms wrapped themselves around Barnabas’ body, while the lower arms proceeded to pummel him.  Using all four arms, it threw Barnabas into the air, caught him with its serpentine tail, and proceeded to bash him into the ground repeatedly before throwing him against the wall.  Barnabas barely had time to recover before the beast was on top of him again.  Barnabas locked arms with it and began wrestling, his strength barely matching the monster’s.
“Emperor Sunrath!” Barnabas screamed.  “Get ahold of yourself!”
The monster merely screamed again.  There was no intelligence in its eyes.  No response to its former name.  The Jester had given the emperor the strength to beat Barnabas at the cost of the ruler’s humanity.  Barnabas couldn’t help but feel pity as he wondered if the Emperor was still alive, trapped within this demonic form.
With all of his might, Barnabas threw the monster off of himself.  His eyes darted around the ruined throne room until he found his battle axe.  He made a run for it, but hadn’t even gotten halfway before the monster caught up with him.  This time Barnabas felt its teeth dig into his shoulder.  Screaming in shock and agony, Barnabas jumped and twisted in the air, positioning himself atop of the monster when he landed.  This considerably damaged the monster, at the cost of Barnabas’ left arm.  Their screams of pain mingled as Barnabas felt the teeth sink deeply into his arm (half of them breaking out of the creature’s mouth as they did) while the creature dealt with the unpleasant feeling of having its teeth ripped out and head crushed under the weight of a ten foot cave troll.
Barnabas jumped to his feet and began running for his axe, the monster still writhing in agony as it bled profusely from its mouth.  His left arm dangling uselessly from his side, Barnabas grabbed the axe and turned to face the beast.  His rage had returned, and his coal black eyes narrowed in concentration as he threw the axe with all his might, at the cost of his aim.  The axe didn’t make a kill blow, but it did get stuck deeply in the monster’s upper left arm, causing it to writhe even more terribly than it had been over its missing teeth.  Barnabas wasted no time and closed the gap between them.  Pinning it to the ground, he quickly dislodged the axe from the beast’s arm and struck the spot again, completely cleaving it off.  He was about to make a blow to the creature’s head when the monster wrapped its tail around Barnabas’ neck and began constricting.  Instinct caused Barnabas to drop his axe and grapple with the tail.  He gasped and gurgled for a few moments as lights began popping in his field of vision.  The beast squeezed tighter and he knew his neck was about to snap.  He managed to gather his senses, and in a last ditch effort he grabbed his axe and swung it into the side of the beast.  In its pain, it loosened its grip on the troll and Barnabas pulled himself free of its grasp.  Raising the axe high, he brought it down on and with a terrible crunch, lodged it in the monster’s head.  The monster threw itself onto its back, where it began twitching horribly as it died.
Barnabas picked himself up gingerly, gasping for breath and massaging his bruised throat.  His arm felt as though it were on fire as the dagger like fangs made their existence known with every subtle movement.  He stared at the felled beast for a moment, the shock of what had just transpired still running through his mind.
Then the Jester began laughing; laughter so terrible that it chilled Barnabas’ blood more than the Emperor’s transformation had.  He turned slowly, his face registering the utmost shock.  The Jester was seated at the throne.  He was holding the jewel in both hands as though it were the most delicate, precious thing in the world.  The fool threw back his head and laughed, and it looked especially sinister coming from behind the ambiguous mask.  But that was not what frightened Barnabas.
Barnabas recognized the laughter.

Chapter 17:
Familiar and Unexpected


“Wallace Smither?” Barnabas asked incredulously.  His mind was racing, that laughter was unmistakable.  How many times had he heard it back when he was learning magical theory in Smither’s shop, many years prior?
The Jester looked down from his raving and directly at Barnabas.  He reached up and grabbed the mask, and with a small tug, pulled it from his face.  Even though Barnabas had braced himself for what lied underneath, it still shocked him to no end to see Wallace Smither’s face appear from behind the mask.
“Yes, Barnabas,” Smither’s voice was reedier and breathier than the last time Barnabas had heard it.  His face had aged much more than it should have, no doubt in part to the strain of Wallace’s eccentric and dangerous life choices.  His wispy hair was thinner.  No longer blonde, but white, it was matted around his head with the sweat of the previous battle, and his eyes were dull gray, a sign of his long since leave of sanity.
“How in the Marshes of the Maelbog did you get caught up in all of this nonsense?” Barnabas asked incredulously.  So shocked was he to see his former magic instructor in Ugbae’s throne room, working for the Emperor of Gathnad, that even the pains of the battle had seemingly left him.  All that remained was his thirst for the answers.
“I would ask you the same question,” Smither replied, “But I know better.  As soon as you heard a rumor, you had to find out for yourself.  That’s the way you are, the way you always were.  Always looking for the answers, you were.  We’re a lot alike in that way, Barnabas.  Do you know where the difference between us lies?”  He paused for a moment, giving Barnabas a chance to answer, but Barnabas just stared, so Wallace continued, “The difference, oh wise troll, is that you searched continually for answers that wouldn’t, couldn’t benefit you in any way!  Like your desire to understand magic when you can’t even use it!  That was a quality I always admired in you, Barnabas.  A constant thirst for knowledge that rivaled even my own!”
“Wallace, that doesn’t answer my question!” Barnabas interjected, “Nor is it even related to the subject at hand!”
“Oh but it is, Barnabas,” Wallace said, his voice dropping an octave and his eyes flashing menacingly.  “This is very important!  I thought that I had found a kindred spirit in you, don’t you see?  Someone who could share my desire to understand this flawed system of magic we were forced to accept.  This strange limitation we all have that prevents us from using it for anything truly spectacular, lest we lose our identities and sanity in the process.  I thought that you, who were denied use of any magic at all, would leap at the opportunity to break that mould.  My wife didn’t understand the ideal; she left me halfway throughout an experiment.  That was the first time my mind felt the strain of my great project.  When she returned home, she was so frightened by my psychosis that she demanded I put away my research and forget about it.  But how could I?  Simply by recovering from that debacle I achieved something great, Barnabas!  I overcame the limitation!  It was a flawed attempt, to be sure, but it was a start!  She wanted nothing to do with it, however, and she left me.
“But then you came along, Barnabas.  And my experiments could thrive once more!  I had someone there I could share the burden with, even if you couldn’t partake in the experiments with me, it was still so much easier to have someone else to monitor the situation.  I eased you into it, helping you to understand basic magical theory, and your capacity to learn was outstanding.  I waited as long as I was able before restarting my research.  Before long, I positioned to you the idea of discovering the limits to which magic could be manipulated.  And you had no problem with the idea back then!” Smither’s voice was accusatory, with a twinge of hurt.
“Wallace, I was very young and inexperienced.  I wasn’t aware of the dangers of it!” Barnabas replied, “If I had been, I would never have agreed to help you!”
“And so our experiments began,” Wallace continued, as if Barnabas had said nothing, “At first we kept things simple, within the normal boundaries of battle magic.  I only used branches of magic that were closely related, and things went quite smoothly, in fact I’d say I learned as much, if not more than you did during those times.  With each passing success, I felt more clarity.  I started thinking that I would be the one to unlock the secret behind true power, but the only way to do it was to take a risk. I planned it carefully.  You and I studied the different branches of magic with more intensity than you realized at the time Barnabas.  No other magic teacher would have forced you to learn the amount I was teaching you, and I suppose I was fortunate that you wouldn’t have known better.  Finally we discovered two branches that were just outside what even an experienced battlemage would dare attempt.  They were close enough that it was worth the risk, but far enough to be pushing the boundaries of what had been done before.”
“And you nearly lost your mind in the process,” Barnabas replied, “It was only through my strong resistance to the magic you were using that saved your life that day.”
“You tried to talk me out of the agenda,” Wallace said, “Defying my expectations of you completely, you said, ‘There’s a reason we are limited in what we can do.’ You sounded just like my wife, like that fool Paul Mistlebeard, and like every other arrogant know it all who has ever attempted to persuade me to quit.  I tried to make you see what I could see, but you wouldn’t…and then you left.”
“I don’t regret those actions,” Barnabas said sternly as he started yanking the fangs out of his shoulder.
“And so my experiments were put to rest again.  I knew better than to attempt them without any sort of assistance.  But I waited in vain, Barnabas.  No one was willing to pioneer with me.  No one wanted to share that glory.  I was obsessed.  And obsession doesn’t leave a man in time, Barnabas.  It grows, ferments, becomes more powerful until it consumes him.”
“Well the fact that your mind was fragmented due to your foolishness more than likely played a factor in that as well,” Barnabas said.  Wallace glared daggers at him before continuing.
“Eventually the obsession got the better of me, and I started my experiments again.  Those were painful times, Barnabas.  Every experiment leaving me with a new scar; but more importantly, they left me with new insight that far outweighed the risks and dangers, and yes even the damage.  I was close to a breakthrough.  I was so excited that I had to tell someone.  When Mistlebeard came to my shop, I was in near hysterics as I explained to him my plan.  He tried to talk me out of it, so I rushed him out of the shop.  But I knew that he would be back to stop my experiment, so I packed all of my belongings that were worth taking with me and destroyed the rest.  I left Bolst in the dead of night.  There was nothing for me in that little town, and I knew that if I wanted to continue advancing my knowledge, I’d have to broaden my horizons.  Something else you taught me, Barnabas.
“It took a while to determine my destination.  I traveled aimlessly for a time, continuing my studies when the opportunities presented themselves.  But I was simply a man, and I knew my mind and body were reaching their breaking points.”
“They had already reached those points,” Barnabas scoffed, “long before then, I’d wager.”
“SHUT UP!” Smither screamed, “You wanted an answer? ALLOW ME TO GIVE IT TO YOU!” Barnabas was about to say something else, but remembered that Smither was holding a very powerful weapon and decided not to provoke him further.  Smither continued his story, “As I said, I was merely a man and until I figured out how to bypass my supposed limitations, I was forced to experiment cautiously.  Especially in the wilderness, where there was no hope of rescue should an attempt go sour.
“It wasn’t long before I was forced to reevaluate my mission.  I’d been asking myself constantly, ‘How can I master magic,’ and that answer constantly eluded me.  So I decided to answer a different question instead.  ‘Where could I master magic?’  And that’s when I first decided to come to Gathnad, where the elves once lived and were long rumored to still be in hiding.  All of the old stories suggested that the elves’ understanding and use of magic was on levels far beyond humanity’s…capabilities.  I knew the answer could be found somewhere.  Perhaps in the Emperor’s library, maybe in one of the ancient, abandoned elf cities.  I knew that going to Gunther City was probably my best option.
“My journey to, and through Gathnad, was marred with failed experiments.  Before I had gotten halfway to the capitol, I overstepped my boundaries and nearly killed myself,” Smither shuddered as he recalled the incident.  “I’d found a dead mouse, and the thought arose in my mind to bring it back to life.  The concept was simple, combine Necromancy to animate the corpse while at the same time use healing magic to fix the wounds, and restart the heart…but there was more to that process than I realized possible.  I don’t remember what the outcome was, what happened to the creature…the next thing I knew, I was waking up in a bed in a small town by the Maelbog.  I had been nursed to health by a young healer…”
“Darcie!” Barnabas exclaimed, his shock immense.
“Yes, that was her name!” Smither laughed, “I’d forgotten, it was so long ago now.  Do you know her?”
“Yes!” Barnabas said, but he decided not to reveal that she was in the city, “I’ve met her in my own travels.  I know what you did to her.”
“Another failure,” Smither shook his head.
“Do you feel no shame for it?” Barnabas asked.  “You ruined that poor girl’s life!  Is that not enough to make you see sense?”
“Barnabas, I have sacrificed more than you can possibly imagine in pursuit of this goal,” Smither replied, his voice grave, “The social life of a healer in that backwater town is quite inconsequential in comparison to most of it.”  Barnabas was about to argue, but Smither returned to his story, holding up the gem threateningly to let Barnabas know he should be quiet again.
“After that unfortunate incident,” he continued, “I decided I would halt all experimentation until I reached Gunther City.  I couldn’t risk another fiasco like that, I was lucky to escape that little town without being turned into the authorities and locked away in some dungeon, or worse, executed.  A week or so later I finally arrived.  My first stop was the Emperor’s castle.  I wanted to peruse the library for any and all information I could get my hands on.  Unfortunately the place wasn’t open to guests.  I tried to sneak my way in one night; my desperation had culminated to a peak.  I was caught almost immediately, and brought before the Emperor himself.  I told him my story, my dream, and my ambition…and for once in my life, I was not treated as a fool.  The emperor was very impressed, both with my determination and with my skills.  He allowed me to stay in the castle, and I took on the role of a body guard of sorts.  I dressed as a fool to keep appearances with the normal citizens; I didn’t need anyone recognizing me as an associate of the Emperor while I was conducting research.  I also knew it would be wise to keep my identity a secret, even from the emperor himself, and thus the false name, ‘Finn,’ was born.  Sunrath had many thugs, to be sure, but he was severely lacking in magical defenses.  I could offer him that.  In return, the Emperor offered me full access to his library, as well as all the resources I would ever need to continue my experiments.  And it was then, Barnabas, that I had my first real breakthrough.
“After perusing the library for a time, I finally was able to distinguish the truth of the elves.  You see, most of those books are written by man, and the ones written by elves are written in the elvish language.  It took me a while to decipher the script, because not only did the elves use an entirely different system than humans, but when they write, they put their writing in a code.  It wasn’t a simple task, I tell you, to decipher both the code and the language.  But I was the only person in a thousand years to discover this secret.  I gathered every scribe, bard, and historian in Gathnad and we spent months deciphering it.  Finally, we succeeded.
“The books were informative.  I learned very much:  the puzzle was coming together faster than I could have hoped for.  One book detailed the elves physiology, how their bodies and minds are far more advanced than a human’s.  This explained their keen use of magic, as they could simply take more strain than a human could.  I perused every book in the library, or so it seemed.  Finally I had my answer.  The Jewel of the Flock.”
He held the jewel to eye level and stared at it as he continued.  “A powerful artifact, quite possibly the source of all magic in the world.  The holder is given impeccable control over any magic he or she desires to cast.  There are no limitations, because you draw the energy from the stone itself, not from your own mind and body.  Seemingly, it’s a one of a kind artifact.  There’s so much about it that remains a mystery.  Was it made by elves?  A gift from the Dieties?  Or was it made naturally, and if so, are there more of them hidden somewhere in the world?  It is timeless, the ancient tome that described it outdated the Great War by a considerable margin, and the book said that the stone had been around long before the book had been written.
“I informed the Emperor of my findings, sparking yet another quest to find the elves.  He had sent his troops out a few times before then, but never before did he have so much to work with.  Searching through the tomes, I discovered an elven city in the Perisher’s Forest, one that was magically hidden.  It was only accessible at a certain time of day, and even then you would need to know to look for the magical concealment.  The Emperor sent me to the forest with a squadron of troops.  He would have accompanied us, but he was busy planning his conquest, first and foremost in his mind was driving out the moel.  I thought that to be a foolish and pointless move, but as you’re aware by now, Barnabas, he was very prejudice towards the other races of beings.  My squadron and I waited in the forest with bated breath for three days before I finally discovered the magical trace of concealment.  Dispelling the magic wasn’t an easy task, but worth the risk.  There was no city in the Perisher’s Forest, but there was a portal to the city in the Uroboros Mountains.  Imagine my surprise as I walked from a dark forest to the thriving metropolis!  The likes of which had never been imagined by man.  It was a sight I never imagined possible.
“The elves were oddly kind to us.  I was expecting great hostility, but nay they seemed overjoyed to meet with us.  I suppose your relevation clears that oddity up, though.  They had been hoping someone would discover this secret for years.  Chances are good that they left those clues purposely in the hopes that someone would eventually find their city.  Because then they could enact their second attempt at dominance without fearing of breaking their treaty.”
“I would wager that you’re right,” Barnabas said, and for the first time since they started this conversation, he was in total agreement with Smither.
“I cast a sending to the Emperor,” Wallace said, “Explaining the situation.  The Elven leaders wished to parlay with him.  They smothered each other with honeyed lies and flatteries, each hoping the other wouldn’t see through the candied exterior and see the treacherous agendas beneath.  The Emperor wanted conquest of man; and the elves of course wanted no less.  My main concern, however, was to study the Jewel that I knew they were hiding somewhere in the city.  You wouldn’t believe my shock when the elves offered to let the Emperor borrow it for his conquest!  I was sure the emperor would instruct me to bring it back with me, and my excitement was paramount for a moment as I immediately started planning my escape from the troops.  But I was denied my glory that day.  The emperor displayed his first act of caution since I had met him, and demanded the elves teleport the Jewel to him directly.  I was forced to march back to Gunther City with the troops, carrying with me the blueprints for all of Sunrath’s new toys.
“Our war efforts then began in earnest.  Knowing that he didn’t have near enough the man power, or the technological understanding to make his fleets and other machines, Sunrath ordered his troops out to find and capture every gnome in Gathnad.  It was quick, quiet, and deceptive.  The emperor’s army brought thousands of gnomes to the castle; our dungeon could barely hold them all.  The gnomes are fascinating creatures, as I discovered.  The Emperor allowed me to continue my research with the gnomes who were unable to help with the shipbuilding.  They are very much your polar opposite, Barnabas.  Gnomes are quite susceptible to magic, and I obtained a plethora of data in the time I had with them.”
“I heard of your cruelty,” Barnabas said, his voice not disguising his disgust.  “Had I known it was you under that mask, I would have set you straight when our paths crossed that night.”
“Yes, I won’t deny my bewilderment at seeing you in Gunther City.  I was arguing with a soldier who thought it was prudent to extend his patrol into my living quarters when I was summoned to accompany the Emperor to deal with a commotion outside the castle gates.  I expected a riot of some sort, and instead found a festival led by none other than my former pupil.  It had been ages since I had last seen you, Barnabas, and I almost revealed myself then and there, but a question arose in my mind.  ‘Why was the troll here of all places.’  You never did anything without reason, and I knew that your thirst of knowledge would take you to any corner of the globe you could travel to.  I deduced you were up to something and waited to find out what it was.
“Your conversation with the Emperor revealed you, Barnabas.  You might have been able to fool Sunrath, but I knew you too well.  Your subtlety and play-acted disinterest of what Emperor Sunrath was telling you were not lost on me.  I figured you must know about our plans, at least to a certain extent.  But I was not about to reveal myself to you and have you ruin my chances of getting my hands on this,” he held the stone up again and admired it before continuing.  “After your departure, I told the Emperor I had managed to read your mind.  He doesn’t understand trolls, and his underestimation of your immunity to magic was the perfect ruse to allow me to explain what you were doing.  He was aware of the threat you possessed, and my position by his side wasn’t compromised.  I watched you leave the palace, knowing that you were probably enacting some scheme, I warned the Emperor of such.  He expected you to be back in a few days time, but I was more wary.  I went straight to the dungeons the next day and overheard a few of the gnomes talking about your little rescue mission.
“The Emperor was furious, of course.  He sent sending spells and messenger birds to every port town and patrol in Eastern Gathnad.  A warrant for your immediate capture and return to Gunther City was issued.  He wanted you on his side, whether you liked it or not.  The benefits you could have provided to his army were numerous. But you eluded capture for quite some time.  There were no sightings of you in any port, and I knew you would be impossible to teleport anywhere, but unfortunately we could only guess as to your whereabouts.  I assumed you had ducked into the Maelbog, but like many of the citizens of the country, Emperor Sunrath was superstitious of the place.  He had patrols surrounding the marshland, but I knew he was merely allowing you to escape.  We heard nothing of your whereabouts for a few weeks before finally the Emperor got a sending spell from one of his spies in Ruothenak City that you had met with King Ruothenak, and our plans had been revealed.  His rage at this news was outstanding to behold.  Our preparations for the coming conflict were nearing completion by this point, however.  The ships were nearly constructed and the other technologies were sitting idly in storage.  Our spy informed us of your mission to Ugbae, and the Emperor called his three greatest assassins together to take care of the threat you possessed once and for all.  I guess that little plan didn’t work out for him either, did it?”
“Not entirely, no,” Barnabas said.
“We left Gathnad a while afterwards in a blaze of glory!” Smither smiled as he relished the memory, “Flying ships, Barnabas!  Powered by one man’s magic!  Not only just one man, but a man who had never so much as levitated a needle before that moment!  I can’t recount to you how enthralled I was to see such a display!  I was like a child again; full of energy, my head clearer than it had been in years!  We crossed the ocean in a matter of days; there were no waves to set us off course, no sea monsters to attack us, and no opposition to contend with!  It was a freedom that a man must experience for himself in order to believe, that’s to be sure!  Our destructive path through Ugbae was faster than anyone could have dreamed possible!  And now, finally Barnabas, we have caught up to the present.  The question is, and I know how much you love riddles, ‘Where do our paths take us now?’”
Barnabas stared at the deranged man with concern.  “Wallace, the elves will not allow you to keep the Jewel, you know this right?”
“There is that little problem yet to solve,” Smither frowned.  His brow furrowed as he obviously went deep into thought.  “To be quite honest, Barnabas, I am not surprised with their actions.  All of the old stories indicated that they were nothing more than arrogant tyrants.  Why anyone suspected they would hold true to the treaty is beyond my comprehension.”
“Well they hadn’t been seen in a thousand years,” Barnabas said, “That probably had something to do with it.”
“Well yes, but a thousand years to an elf is akin to…what?  Twenty to a human?” Wallace mused.  “Regardless, I won’t be giving this back to them.  If what you told the Emperor is true, then they can no longer be trusted to carry this power.”
“Oh, really?” Barnabas asked, “And what happens when they arrive to take it away from you?  They’ve been preparing for this moment for quite a while, you know.”
“Watch closely,” Smither said with a hint of a laugh in his voice.  He held up the Jewel with both hands and began muttering an incantation.  Barnabas could feel the power; it throbbed across the room violently like a strong wind, a power that was not present when the Emperor had used the gem.  Smither’s eyes began to glow white, this energy whipping his hair and clothing around him fiercely.  The man screamed the final bit of the spell, and a great beam of light shot out of the gem.  It burnt a hole through the ceiling of the room, through the next story above it, and through the one after that.  Barnabas watched as the beam formed a huge, white ball in the sky above the palace, which then splintered into millions of tiny beams, which all shot like lightning into the southeastern sky.
“What did you do?” Barnabas asked, his stomach turning as he stared at the hole in the ceiling.
“In less than a minute, those rays will arrive in the Uroboros Mountains and put an end to the threat of the elves, once and for all.” Smither replied.  His tone did not show any remorse.
“Do you not think they might have prepared for such an attack before they gave up the stone?” Barnabas asked, not looking away from the hole.
“Barnabas, the elves were preparing for an attack from the Emperor,” Smither laughed.  “They assumed that a foolish man who would use the stone for parlor tricks would be attacking them.  They were not expecting me, a mage who understands magic on a level even greater than their own!  I promise you that there is no defense they could have mustered that would be able to stop it…but if you don’t believe me, why don’t we watch for ourselves?”  He held up the stone again, and with a flash the wall behind Smither suddenly became an overhead view of the Uroboros Mountains.  Barnabas reached out, and discovered that the wall was technically still there.
“It’s merely a scrying,” Wallace informed him.  Barnabas looked at the beautiful city in the mountains with bated breath.  Suddenly the rays descended upon the city.  The buildings crumbled, and Barnabas heard the screams of thousands of elves as they were scoured fom the face of the planet.  When the dust had settled, there was nothing more than a scorch mark where the once proud city stood.  Barnabas retched as the full impact of what had just happened truly hit him.
“There,” Smither said with satisfaction, “Now the threat has passed.”
“You…” Barnabas’ breath had left him, “You just slaughtered an entire race of people…for nothing!”
“For nothing, Barnabas?” Smither asked, “They would have conquered the entire race of man!  The entire world!  I dispensed justice!  And I was not without mercy; there are still small settlements of elves in other parts of the globe that I spared, as well as your teleporting friend here in this city.  I dispensed justice, Barnabas, while at the same time I taught those long lived, egotistical bastards a lesson in humility!  One that they will never forget!”
“There were so many innocent people in that city!” Barnabas screamed his outrage.  “People who were merely following the orders of their elders; their leaders!  They may have been brainwashed, but they could have been saved.  They could have been shown the proper path to tolerance!  The ones that remain won’t learn that now, Wallace!  They won’t learn humility from your action!  They will know only of rage and vengeance!”
“They will decide what they wish to, Barnabas, as do we all,” Smither said dismissively.
“You’re insane,” Barnabas said, “Completely out of your mind!”
“No, Barnabas!” Smither exclaimed excitedly, “No, for the first time in my life my mind is completely clear.  The Jewel has opened up my potential.  Awakened me to all that is possible, all that is obtainable!  There is so much now that I can do!  I have much to accomplish!  My only goal now is to continue my research, Barnabas!  Now that I have the key, I can finally unlock the door I’ve been standing in front of my whole life!  I will be the one to master all magics, it is my destiny!  With this tool I can bring the world salvation!  No more droughts during the harvesting seasons!  No more illnesses!  I can rid this world of its imperfections, and create a utopia where all races can live in harmony!  Join me, Barnabas!  Help me create that world!  Your guidance, experience, and compassion could help bring about true peace that the world has never known.”
“The problem, Wallace, is this,” Barnabas said, and his voice was hard and threatening, “There is a reason that we have hardships.  There is a purpose for the trials and imperfections of the world!  There is a reason that we must go through pain and suffering in our lives, and that reason is that we learn from those hard times!  How do you think I got my experience, my compassion?  Do you think it was something I found on the street, under a stone?  No, I worked for it, Wallace.  I fought for it, I bled for it, I cried for it, and there were times I almost died for it.  Surely you can understand this?  Though your mission has been flawed from the start, you went through the very same process to reach this point.  Would you really deny that opportunity to the rest of the world?”
“I can’t imagine why anyone would want to go through the kinds of trials that I have,” Smither said, confused.
“If you simply give a man the exact thing he wants, the moment he desires it,” Barnabas explained, “He will never understand its true value.  If he doesn’t work to obtain it, how can he understand its true significance?  A utopia isn’t achieved when people can have anything they want, anytime, Wallace.  It’s achieved when they are simply happy and complacent to do whatever work or toil that is necessary to obtain their desires, even if it’s not an easy task.  Your, ‘perfect world,’ would breed laziness and apathy in the people of the world.  And what would happen after you die, Wallace, and their perfect world was crushed?”
“I do not plan on dying any time soon,” Smither said, “With the Jewel, I can be eternal!”
“No, Wallace you can’t be eternal,” Barnabas scolded him, “Even the elves die, as you just proved!  Even if you do find some magic spell that extends your life, it won’t be forever.  And when your time comes, I ask you again, what will happen to your perfect world?”
“So you won’t join me?” Smither asked, avoiding Barnabas’ question.  It was obvious that his feelings were hurt.  “After all of these years…after all that I’ve been through…Barnabas…I have finally proven that I’ve been right all along!”  Tears appeared in the man’s eyes, “I’m not trying to gloat!  I’m not trying to be arrogant!  This is my life’s work, and you are really so eager to dismiss it?”
“I have no choice,” Barnabas said, “I’m truly sorry, Wallace, but that power was not meant for any one person.  It was meant for the world, and as much as you claim to wish for utopia, for peace, you have already gravely misused the power.  It is time, Wallace, for you to finally admit that your ambition was deranged and selfish, and that you are not entitled to, nor do you deserve that power.”
Smither hung his head, and wept softly.  Barnabas approached him slowly to take the Jewel.  Right as he was about to grab it, it flashed white, and Barnabas was knocked off of his feet and pinned against the wall by an unseen force.
“Wallace!” Barnabas yelled in alarm, “What are you doing?”
“You ignorant fool,” Smither said through his sobs, “I haven’t spent the last thirty years of my pained and battered life to give up the culmination of all of my efforts mere minutes after I finally obtained it!”  He looked up and his eyes were shining white with the Jewel’s power.  “No, Barnabas, I will not be handing over the Jewel anytime soon.  There is so much I need yet to learn!  And the answers all lie within this little stone.  I have so many experiments planned that I could fill a library, and I won’t be lost to the madness of knowing that I had the opportunity to complete them!  How does that phrase go, Barnabas?  ‘Years later you will be more upset with yourself for the things you didn’t try than the things you did try and failed?’  And if you won’t join me, then there is another way you can help me!”  He held out the Jewel, and it turned into a large crystal staff, much in the same way that the Emperor had turned it into a sword.  “Our next lesson, Barnabas, begins now!  The subject we will be studying, ‘How long can the natural magical resistance of a troll withstand the full unbridled power of the most powerful magical artifact of all time?”
Barnabas suddenly felt the force that was holding him against the wall begin constricting.  It was as if he was trapped inside of an invisible box that was shrinking.  He felt his ribs press together due to the strain and howled in agony.  Using all of his strength, he began pushing against the barrier, and it slowly started to give away.  With one mighty heave, he dispelled it completely and slumped on the ground, gasping for breath.  Picking himself up, he turned and faced Smither, who was floating along the ceiling and putting considerable distance between himself and the troll.  Smither waved the staff and lightning shot from it.  Barnabas felt his entire body sieze up as the electricity grounded itself through him.  It only lasted a moment, but to Barnabas it seemed like an hour.
With another wave of the staff, Smither began levitating nearly every object in the room that was not fixed to the ground in some way.  Piles of rubble, dropped weapons, and even bodies began hovering.  The tip of the staff flashed, and the air in the room became a cyclone, with Smither in the eye of the tiny storm, safe from harm.  Barnabas fought to remain on the ground, but a flying boulder dislodged him from his feet, and he was caught in the chaos.  He was buffeted by the debris at ever juncture.  He felt several of his bones break, at least one rib to be sure.  His own axe became lodged in the calf of his right leg.  He pulled it out, his own blood now joining the contents of the tornado.  Forcing himself to focus all of his will into the throw, Barnabas lobbed the axe at Smither.  His aim was true, but Smither deflected the weapon before it struck.  This act, however, required enough of Smither’s concentration that the cyclone was dispelled, and Barnabas crashed to the ground.  A boulder followed his descent and crushed his already useless left arm.
“It’s truly amazing that you can even fight back against this power,” Smither said as he watched Barnabas struggle with the boulder that left him extremely vulnerable.  “I didn’t wager you’d be able to fight back so adeptly.  But don’t worry, Barnabas, I still have a lot of ideas to try out, one of them is bound to break you down eventually.  Maybe this one, for instance.”
The staff flashed, and Barnabas suddenly felt his entire center of balance shift.  In one extremely odd moment, he left the ground and hurtled towards the ceiling, where he collided with a crash.  As the body of the monster emperor landed atop of him, he realized that it was not just he who underwent the phenomenon, but the entire room.  He pushed the cadaver off of himself and faced Smither, who was upside down and grinning.
“Like that?” the man asked, “I reversed the gravity pull in this room.  An interesting concept.  Gravity is normally based on simply the mass of the planet, but levitation magic is actually based on dispelling that notion.  It stands, then, that with enough force behind the magic, you could control the force of gravity itself.  I have limited it just in this room right now, but I wager I could send this entire city hurtling into the sky.”  He waved the staff, and Barnabas felt himself falling again; this time into the wall.  Smither repeated that process multiple times, Barnabas was completely helpless as he tumbled from wall to wall, ceiling to floor.  Left, right, up, and down.  Boulders and bodies crashed into him with every fall.  Stray bits of armor and weapons cut into him.  Once a sword grazed him across the face, and his right eye went blind.  Screaming, he clutched his head in his right hand, the only one he could even move at that point.
“Well Barnabas, I’d say that I’ve had my fun,” Smither said, “It’s obvious that you don’t stand a chance…I mean, you can barely stand at all!  I’ll put you out of your misery quickly, don’t worry.  I truly wish it didn’t have to be this way,” he added, almost apologetically.  “I wish you could see this the way that I do.  But I can’t allow you to get in my way, and if that’s your goal…well then this is goodbye, old friend.”
“I’m not your friend,” Barnabas said thickly as he spat blood and teeth on the floor.
“So be it, then,” Smither said smugly.
Barnabas stood weakly.  His right foot wouldn’t support his weight very well and he was leaning against the wall.  He started moving slowly, painfully, for his axe.  If he was going to die, he was going to do it fighting.  He was going to make at least one last attack to try and stop this mad man, but the room suddenly turned a bright orange.  Barnabas wheeled around and faced Smither, who had conjured a large ball of fire.  The heat was so intense that the hair on Barnabas’ beard began burning off.
“Goodbye, Barnabas!” Smither screamed as he flicked the staff.  The fireball started to move across the room towards Barnabas.  To Barnabas, it happened slowly.  Adrenaline pumped uselessly in his veins.  He didn’t even have the strength to jump out of the fire’s path.  As it drew near, his eyes grew wide as he recalled something vividly.
“The nightmares!” Barnabas exclaimed to himself.  He recalled all of the terrible nightmares he had been having about giant fireballs, and the laughing man who had cast it.
His last thought before he was engulfed in the flames was fitting for him, as he wondered curiously if he could possibly be a forseer.

Chapter 18:  Awakening


Barnabas suddenly became aware.  He had been sent to a world of blackness, and in that world it seemed that mere minutes had passed, while at the same time it could have been centuries.  But now he was aware, aware of colors surrounding him, that he could see them.  The black world had been so absolute that it had marred his senses completely, making this realization of sight and colors hard for him to accept.  Shortly after the colors came the sounds.  After a while, he recognized it as music, though unlike any he had ever heard.  It seemed to come from thousands of mouths, hundreds of instruments that he had never imagined, and it never quavered but was perfect in its melody.
He tried searching for the source of this music, the enormous orchestra that seemed to be playing all around him, but he found that he could not move, he could only see, hear, and think.
“Welcome, Barnabas.”
Fear, love, shame, and every other emotion he could identify shot through his mind at the sound of this voice.  There was no pitch.  No tone.  It was not a deep bass nor a high falsetto.  It just simply was a voice, which was in a sense frustrating to Barnabas.
“Who…who’s there?” Barnabas called out, realizing that his voice (though he wasn’t sure he even had a mouth for speaking) was loud even amongst the loud music.
“You know me, Barnabas,” the voice replied.  It was both soothing and terrifying.  There was no deciphering its intention.  “You know me by five different names:  Father Time, Mother Earth, Life, Light, and Love.  I am known through out many civilizations by many different names and beliefs.  I am all of these things combined.  I am the creator of this world, and of many others.  However, I also am all of these things, and many more.  I am the universe, the stars, the air you breathe, the smallest of insects to the highest of mountains.  I am a secret to some, and to those who discover that secret, I am the greatest of allies.  I am also the harbinger of death, the forerunner of destruction.  All things begin, all things end.  I was the first to begin, and I will be the last to end.”
Barnabas suddenly felt so humbled, so awed that if he had knees he would have fallen to them and wept.  It seemed that he was incapable of doing so in his present state, however.
“Forgive me,” Barnabas said, “But…I must know.  Am I dead?”
“You are not,” The Creator said without hesitation, “I took you from the moment you should have died, saved you.   Your time on the plane of mortals would have been at an end, but I saw fit to extract you, and charge you with a task.”
“I would do anything you asked of me,” Barnabas asked.  He knew that not many people (even amongst the church) could say they had a conversation with their gods the way Barnabas was now.  To receive a direct order from them was truly an honor.
“In order for you to accomplish the workload I will give you, you must understand who and what you are.  Let me ask you Barnabas, have you ever wondered why you were born with the intelligence you possess?”
“Almost daily,” Barnabas answered truthfully.
“I created this world,” The Creator said, “long before even the oldest living elf’s birth, before their grandparent’s birth.  And with this world, I created a system of magic that the inhabitants could use to help them live their lives, as well as help the world around them.  Realizing the potential for abuse of that power, I structured it evenly.  You know this structure as the Great Tree of Magic.  The system does not allow any one person to garner too much power that he can control all others.
“But unfortunately, this power could not come from nothing.  There had to be a basis for it.  For that purpose, I created the Jewel of the Flock, the source of all magic.  The Trunk of the Great Tree.  It is through that gem that all magic finds its existence.  Elfkind and mankind do not know this history of the jewel, though.  They believe it to simply be a powerful magical artifact structured by the elves ages ago.
“Of course, the Jewel’s existence raised a significant problem.  Because by allowing all of magic to be centered and focused in one object, then I was allowing that object to become a weapon in the wrong hands.  The question then turned to, ‘How to keep it out of the wrong hands?’
“The answer was simple.  I would create the right hands to guard it.  Thus I created your very race, Barnabas.  The troll.  Of course, that is a name that has been given to them in the many millenia since.  My original name for them was the Gallatians.  Your ancestors, unlike every other being around you, were not given the ability to use magic.  They were, in fact, given a strong immunity to it.  And while the fires and other physical aspects could break through that barrier, depending on the forces applied on both the caster and the Gallatian, they were never susceptible to mind alterations, hypnosis, or any other kind of manipulation.  They were made to be extremely hardy and physically strong to compensate for their lack of magical use.  They were also extremely intelligent.
“But I knew that they would still be in danger.  There was still the distinct possibility that some one or thing would find the existence of the Jewel of the Flock.  Someone with the power to take it from the Gallatians.  I created a fail safe to the Jewel of the Flock, which the Gallatians themselves named the, “Jewel of the Shepherd.”  It is like a siphon, draining the magic near it in the same way that the Jewel of the Flock will bolster any near it.  It was the ultimate tool of your people, Barnabas, because in the hands of a Gallatian, that Jewel is a powerful weapon, able to remove the magic from any being.  I split the Gallatian tribes in half.  One half took the Jewel of the Flock to what is now the Moeller Mountains.  They are your direct ancestors.  The other tribe took the Jewel of the Shepherd and went to the polar opposite on the globe, creating a perfect balance.
“In the beginning, before man had more in the ways of civilization than a spoken language, the Elves were created.  Their purpose was to jumpstart society, to be mentors and teachers to the other races around them.  Like all my creatures, I gave them knowledge, and a quite a bit of it.  Knowledge doesn’t always mean wisdom, however, and in those first years not even the elves had enough experience to be wise.  They and the Gallatians were friendly at first, sharing their knowledge and understanding with each other.
“Soon, though, the elves learned of the Jewels.  They became jealous of the Gallatians, who were the holders of such immense power.  Not understanding why the Gallatians guarded the treasures, the elves attacked your ancestors in the Moeller Mountains and stole the Jewel of the Flock.  They did not steal the Jewel of the Shepherd, I believe, because they had no use for it.  What good was a jewel that would take away their magic?  But that war cost the elves much, and the elves were not unintelligent.  They used the jewel to bolster their kind, and then continued the Gallatians’ task of safeguarding it.  They defied even my expectations and did not use its power for evil purposes; at least not at first.  They were sorely tempted to, and would have used it against the humans to win the Great War; if not for the intervention of Havan Couris…or as he is now called, Pergory Feng.
“Unfortunately for the gallatians in the mountains, their very purpose was robbed.  Over time, they regressed into the trolls you know today.  Think to all you know about your kin, Barnabas.  They are very protective of their treasures, their gold and diamonds.  All of these ages later, that is still a strong trait in them; to protect the Jewel of the Flock.  It rests in you as well.  You underwent your quest with a feeling of dread that you couldn’t explain.  The Jewel was calling to you, Barnabas.  It was crying out its misuse at the hands of Wallace Smither and Emperor Sunrath.  And as soon as you learned how the empire was manipulating the stone, you became viciously determined to stop them, not even knowing what the stone truly was, or how closely related to it you really are.
“Now the world quivers along the edge of total annihilation, Barnabas.  I can not allow Wallace Smither to misuse my gift to the world.  I will not allow him to grow so powerful that he would believe that he could challenge me.  That is the path he is following, and if he reaches that point, I will wipe this world clean and begin anew.”
“Why?” Barnabas asked, interrupting for the first time, “Why end the world because of one man’s mistake!”
“I have looked into the possibilities that the future holds, Barnabas,” the Creator thundered back in his omniscient voice, “If Wallace Smither is allowed to gain so much power that he thinks he can challenge me, change the universe; then there will not be a world left for me to end.  He will have done it for me.  As I said, I will simply wipe it clean and begin again.”
“Then why not act now?” Barnabas asked, “Not that I question your judgment, I just don’t understand.”
“I am choosing to act now, Barnabas,” The Creator said, and for the first time, Barnabas heard a smile in its voice, “I have plucked you from death itself to prevent the destruction of the world.”
“What can I possibly do?” Barnabas asked.
“I have already told you what to do,” The Creator said, the smile still there, “Think of all that I have told you, Barnabas.  The answers have already been given to you.”
“The…The Jewel of the Shepherd?” Barnabas asked.
“Yes,” The Creator said, “You must seek it out.  Only you can do this for me, Barnabas.  In your hands, that jewel will be a weapon that can cleanse the world of Smither’s treachery and villainy for ever, and you wouldn’t have to kill him to do it.  He’s not a man to be hated, Barnabas, he is a man to be pitied.  His mind is not whole, even now with the Jewel of the Shepherd as the source of his magic; his mind has been too ravaged through years of misuse.  He has done this to himself, and will be held accountable, but you must also understand that, as I said, he is to be pitied for his state rather than hated.
“When you return to the Tagrent, Barnabas, a year will have passed since your departure.  The world is much different than the one you left.  There has been chaos, destruction, and in the case of the elves, near-annihilation.  This is only the forerunner of what will occur if Smither is allowed to abuse the power further.
“But there is also good.  The worst of times can bring out the best in some.  And you, yourself Barnabas have played a major role in the foundation of what good is left in the world.  Through your actions and deeds there is a village that knows not hatred for any of my creatures.  A place where all races can live together in harmony.  Send all in need of love and care to this place.  There are individuals who you have inspired in your life to fight back against Smither’s tyranny.  Seek these individuals, they will help you again.  A light shines in even the darkest of holes, fading fast, but still bright enough to lead those trapped in the darkness if it could be freed from its prison.
“Now is the time, Barnabas,” The voice said.  Barnabas could feel a pressure building inside of himself; he could feel his fingers and toes.  He found that he could look around and see his body, robed in white.  He looked back into the colors and listened intently as the voice continued.  “Now is the time for you to return.  Remember all that I have told you, because only you can save this world now.  Do not be afraid to make the hardest of decisions.  Trust your instincts, let them guide you, and the world will be a much greater place because of it.”
Barnabas felt the pressure building; he was falling through thick water.  It surrounded him, was suffocating him.  The colors were all but disappearing, leaving only blue and black and green.
“Be strong,” was the final thing the voice said to him.
Along the coast of the Goryyun Sea along the Ruoth border; Barnabas crested the sea, gulping for air as he did so.  Seeing the shore, he began kicking as hard as he could.  He finally reached the beach, and flopped on the sand, panting and exhausted, knowing that his exhaustion had only begun.
###

Thank you so much for reading! I really hope you enjoyed it, and feel free to review me at your favorite retailer, online or not! 

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Ward Knippling lives in the Twin Cities in Minnesota with his girlfriend, dog, and cat, where he spends much of his time talking and writing in the third-person perspective.

