The Blind Lily
A Gifted Series Companion
Character Journal

AshleyNicole Shelton
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2011, 2012, 2013

Smashwords Edition Notes
Smashwords Edition, License Notes.

Thank you for downloading this free eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Books by this author can be found on either the author’s official website:
http://www.ashleynicolebooks.wordpress.com
or through, select online retailers.

I Dedicate This Book:

To my son, Emmett,
You are my Heart and Soul.
My love is there, wherever you may be.
Thank you for teaching me something new every day.

To my mom, Michelle,
You are my Strength and Support.
Thank you for all your love and care.
I wouldn’t have been able to do this without you.

To my loving family, friends, and fans who cheered me on.

And last but not least, to my friends, 
David and Josh, for participating in character roles of this book.


Chapter One
____________________
Walking in the sweltering heat of Nevada and carrying eighty pounds of dead weight on my back, not knowing how much farther I have to go makes me feel hopeless.  How will I save this girl’s life, if I die from dehydration?  To keep walking, I concentrate on the facts: I am in the year, 1884.  I didn’t die from dehydration looking for her and she is still breathing.  Picking up my speed, I concentrate on my task at hand.
My best guess of how many hours that have passed is probably three, considering the position of the sun.  Finally, I can see some shapes in the distance.  Silently I pray it’s not a mirage and then I hear people shouting.  This can’t be my imagination.  The mother of the eighteen-year-old girl on my back is the first to reach me.  She is crying so hard that I find it hard to believe she can see anything through her tears.  Despite her ferocious crying, she is able to lift her daughter off my back and take her inside.
Suddenly, I feel as if I can’t move.  I assess the condition of my body.  My mouth is dry and filled with dust, my arms and legs are shaking uncontrollably, and my breathing is slightly staggered.  I hear some steady footsteps come towards me.  I lift my head to meet them at eye level.
A man with peppered hair, large droopy bags just below his grey eyes, and wrinkly skin covering his whole body, stands before me.  He appears to be over a hundred years old.  Of course, I know he’s not from how he walks and from the deep purpose in those grey eyes.  His strength and keen eyes prove he is no older than ninety.
“Thank you for bringing her home.  When that man kidnapped her and threated to kill her after torturing her, I never thought I’d see her again. Without my granddaughter, I don’t know what I’d do.  Here, I brought you some water.”  He hands me a canteen with tears slowly sliding down his cheeks.
I was going to say thanks for the water and that it was no trouble at all, but I realize that the dust has taken my voice.  I gratefully take the canteen with trembling hands attempting to hold it still.  I look at him with what I hope resembles a smile and drink.  At first, I cough uncontrollably at the sudden clogging of my throat spewing some of the water on the ground before me.  I feel the burning of the water as it stings the back of my throat, but with a little effort, I am able to drink from the canteen until there is not a drop left.  The water works it’s magic making me feel rejuvenated in no time.  Before I can say thank you, the scene in front of me changes.  
This is always my least favorite part.  I never know where or when I will end up.  Crossing my fingers, I hope that I end up in the safety of my bedroom in my own time.  Maybe crossing my fingers had been too much.
I materialize under the eyes of a handsome man in his early thirties.  He is wearing a uniform that is highly decorated and carries an air of command.  He quickly draws a gun from his side, aims it in my direction, and pulls the trigger.  The bullet just grazes my ear.  It doesn’t take me long to get over the shock before I jump into action.  I knock the gun out of his hand and pick up a three foot long copper pipe, forcing the wind out of him with one strike.  As he collapses to the ground he makes a thunderous crash into a stack of poles alerting anyone within hearing distance. From around the corner of the building appears a Navy SEAL.  As he realizes what has just happened, I knock him unconscious with a blow to the head.  
In an attempt to escape, I dash around the corner and spy a gate that is not guarded on the inside.  I am almost home free.  Five more SEALs come towards me.  They all look under the age of twenty, so I know they would be fast, but so am I.  They form a circle around me.  At first, no one moves.  After I turn around a few times the first one comes at me.  Instead of trying to fight with me, he goes straight for my waist in the efforts to pick me up.  I drop to the ground; slide under his legs, and trip him while jumping back to my feet.  
The next three men attack me at the same time.  I duck out of the way as they fall into one another.  The last one is much stronger and now knows what to expect.  We struggle in combat with kicks, punches, and spins.  We end up fighting on the ground and finally I knock him out with a hammer fist to the back of his head.  I turn to bolt for the gate, but stop suddenly.  There is a boy, maybe fifteen or sixteen, a year or two older than me.  He looks a little shocked and scared.
“It’s okay.  You don’t need to be scared.  I can get us out of here.” I give him my hand.  
Shakily he puts his hand in mine.  I start running leading him and I to our freedom when unexpectedly he grabs my arm and punches a needle into it.  I scream not being able to conceal the pain, and collapse.
It was a GX72 TRANQ.  Of course it didn’t put me to sleep like it would everyone else.  This particular tranquilizer contains Glycytocine, which I am allergic to.  It made all my muscles go weak and now I can’t move a thing.  The SEAL, who put up a tough fight, throws me over his shoulder and carries me into an underground building.  Every step he takes is like millions of swords driving though every part of me.  Tears pour down my face, but I say nothing.  The pain is unbearable as he dumps me onto the cold floor without a care of the pain he is causing me.  I hear a scream that rattles my bones.  My ears ring, blocking out all other sounds. That is when I realize that I am the one screaming.  I finally stop when I run out of breath.
“Why isn’t she asleep?” demands the man who shot at me earlier.
The SEAL says, “I…I don’t know Sir.”
“Bradley, give her another dose,” he says nonchalantly to the boy.
“No!” I scream.  “Please no,” I say more quietly.  “It does the opposite for me.  It keeps me awake.  I am allergic to the Glycytocine.  Please no more.  I can’t move anything.  I swear.  I can’t do anything.  I can move nothing, my muscles are paralyzed.”  Then I whisper to no one in particular, “Why does this have to happen to me?”
“Who are you and why are you here?” the older man asks.
“I am Eileen East, I live in North Charleston, South Carolina, I don’t know why I am here, and I was born like this,” I say as clearly as I can.
“You’re a little far from home Miss Eileen East,” he chuckles playfully at my name.  “And what do you mean you where born like this?” he asks.
“It is true. You saw me materialize in front of you.”
“That was a trick.”
I try to shake my head, but I can’t, “No,” I hesitate, “I can travel through time.”
“So you’d like me to believe you are the gifted agent that the FBI has been trying to track down for four years?”
“There is a reward of ten million dollars for turning me in,” I say, proving I am that girl.
“Wait, how…but…wait…no that is impossible!” he has an awe struck expression.
“If you don’t believe me look up my name.  I’m sure you’ll have a file.”
He looks to the boy, “Son, go tell Montez to find anything he can about Miss East and bring me the file.”
The boy is his son?  I guess that is why he didn’t try to escape with me.  He’s probably training to be just like his father.
The SEAL walks over to me with a stone cold expression on his face and asks, “How do you want me to dispose of this?”
“Hold on a second!” I say in a loud demanding voice, “You are going to kill me?  Who are you to kill me?”
“I am the Director of the US Navy Special Operations.  You know you shouldn’t be here,” Brad’s father says.
I cringe inside, “This is not Area 51...right?”
“No.  But we are in a top-secret location and what we do here is classified.”
“I didn’t know I would end up here!”
The director shakes his head in pity towards me, “There are signs posted around the whole area.  When you break the law, you receive the consequences.”
“Why am I so cursed?” I yell at no one in particular, “Why couldn’t I stay in 1884?”
Bradley walks in and gives me a confused look, “What are you talking about?”
I give him a sympathetic look, “You wouldn’t understand.”
“I think you are a liar,” he says stepping closer to his father.
“Of course you would.  That is because you have never met anyone that materializes out of thin air.”
The SEAL takes a step towards me, “No more lies.  You’re not getting out of this.”
“I’m not lying and you’re an idiot.  You are as bad as Einstein.”
I can tell I pinched a nerve, but he laughs it off, “First of all, why are you insulting me, and second don’t you know Einstein was smart?”
I smile the best I can at his ignorance; “Actually he stole most of his ideas from an eleven-year-old girl by the name of Josie Maric.”
The director looks at me as if he has just seen a ghost, “How did you know that?”  He takes a file from Brad.
“Why should I tell you?  You are going to kill me anyway.” I roll my eyes since that is all I can do.  “Could you do me a favor?  Just give me a shot without Glycytocine, that is medicine to keep someone awake, I would rather be asleep when I die.”
“You are making a request on how you want die?  Are you insane?” Bradley asks dumbfounded.
“No. I have had way too many near death experiences to be scared.”
The boy looks at me with a pale face.  He must have lost someone and never learned how to cope with it.  I look at him and his father.  They have many similarities in their appearance but they seem disconnected.  The SEAL seems to be getting restless.
The director stares at me for a moment and then continues to read my files over and over before he starts staring at me again.  I am really having trouble breathing at this point.  The Glycytocine made my bones so weak that when the SEAL threw me on the ground he broke my ribs.  
“Revive her!  She is an FBI agent,” The director says finally.
“She is what?  That is impossible! She is only what eleven?” The SEAL asks.
“I am fourteen,” I correct him.
“Shut up pipsqueak,” he yells at me.
“Don’t talk to her like that! Don’t you know who she is?” the director asks as I try to take a breath of air.
“A weak girl with a pea in substitute for a brain,” the SEAL replies, laughing to himself.
“I am not weak…”gasp “If I wasn’t allergic to Glycytocine I would have kicked your…”
“Enough!  Brad, send for an antidote.  The FBI will want her back,” the director smiles at me.
“What?” the SEAL and I ask in unison.
“The FBI has been watching Miss East very closely! Don’t you know you are an agent?”  The director draws his eyebrows together.
I may have been running out of breath and life, but I was still ticked off, “They want me to be their agent, but they haven’t caught me yet.  What I am wondering is why you are making me suffer and yet not going to kill me?  Instead you are going to make me become a lab rat and a slave while I still…” I say just before blacking out.  I feel myself being ripped from my own body.  I must be having an out of body experience.  There is a taste of soup in my mouth, but as I try to swallow I feel nothing in my throat.  My ears are ringing like church bells that quickly fall silent.  I open my eyes and I watch the scene below me.
The director and the SEAL don’t know I have passed out.  
“The FBI said I couldn’t kill you so I won’t.  It’s as simple as that.  You are so young and I respect your bravery.  You are very gifted and very important to…”
“Oh my gosh!” Brad says cutting off his dad.
“What?” the director asks.
“Dad, her face is purple!”
“Well don’t just stand there, get the antidote for Glycytocine from Montez!” he orders.
I suddenly can’t see anything and my body looses all feeling.  Then something warm touches my wrist and causes a tickle up my arm.  My heart stops for a moment.  Then I cough and I can breathe again.
I feel the color come back in my face.  Finally, I realize I am not dead.  I notice Brad hovering over me, staring at my face.  I smile up at him with the little energy that I have.  He has a look in his eyes I have never seen before in anyone else’s.  
“You made her bleed.  Gosh can’t you do anything right?” his father asks him.
“Sorry,” he whispers, “I will go get a bandage.”
“Hurry up already.” his father yells at him.
As he goes out the door his father says something I don’t quite catch.  I am watching Brad.  He looks like a young boy afraid of death, carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders.  I thought he wanted to help his father kill me, but now it seems he is afraid of death itself.
“Miss East?”
“Yeah?” I ask, still thinking about what just happened.
“You are pretty calm for a little girl who almost died,” he smirks.
Bradley comes back and wraps my arm.  “I am sorry that I hurt you,” he says smiling at me.
I think I could get used to that smile.
“It’s okay.  I’m used to near death experiences,” I joke even though in all seriousness, I have.
“You are not like most girls,” Brad says.
While we were talking, Bradley had already bandaged up my arm and now he is still holding my wrist and shoulder.  He notices this too and quickly pulls away.  No one says anything for a while.
Breaking the silence, a voice erupts on the intercom. “The helicopter has just landed for Miss East’s departure.  The FBI Director would like to come and speak with you before they leave.”
“Thank you. Send him down.” The director responds.
I hurriedly get to my feet, a little off balance, run for the door then I stop.  They will come through this way and most likely catch me.  I look to my right and see a vent.
“Miss East, come back!  You will be fine.  They are coming to get you right now.  They will take you home,” Brad yells.
I don’t turn to face him or respond.  I run straight for the vent, rip the front off, and dive in.  The vent is tall enough for me to stand in so I run as best I can.  I pass what looks to be a kitchen, library, and lots of labs.  I don’t stop for the life of me.  I don’t want to get caught and I need to find an exterior vent. By now I know they have looked at a floor plan to find the exit vents.  I can expect they have posted guards at the vents.  If they don’t find me in a certain length of time then I must prepare for them to be waiting outside near the closest exit vent.  My best bet is to get there as soon as I can.  I am a fast runner and although I am having trouble breathing they won’t send enough guards to the end by the time I get there.
I didn’t consider the fact that I am in the underground part of the building.  There are several level changes that I have to jump, catch the edge, pull myself up and continue on.  Finally, I get to the end and slow down.  I don’t want any agents or SEALs to hear me.
It looks like I’ll have to jump two stories down.  There are two guards below me.  One was a woman with pale skin and hair that almost looks white tied into a tight bun.  The other is a man with olive skin, and a shaved head.
“Why are we going through so much trouble to catch one little girl?” the man asks.
The woman replies, “I wish it were that easy.  The FBI has been waiting for a gifted child for twenty-eight years.  They aren’t going to let this one go.   They are going to want to run tests to see if it is genetics or if it is a mutation in her DNA. Now just shut up Tom and keep an eye out," she tells him.
They are sitting down against the wall under the vent.  I should be able to easily out run them.  There appears to be only one camera.  As long as I play my timing right I can jump without the camera seeing me.
I back up, run forward, and dive into the vent screen.  I fall towards the ground, tuck into a dive forward roll, stand up after it, and run as hard as I can toward the gate.
I am home free.  All the agents and SEALs are at other vents looking for me, so no one will see me leave except the camera and the two guards.  The video would have been a good smack in the face to the FBI saying I got away again.  At least it would have been.  Now, I am only a few feet away from the gate and I collapse.  I know I am still weak and have trouble breathing, but I thought I could have made it.  I start coughing up blood.
Someone calls my name and I start to run.  All I am worried about is getting to that gate.  I drag myself across the dirt to get there.  I just have to get past the gate and then I can rest while figuring out my next step.  I have my hand on the fence.  I was going to use it to pull myself through but I get a sudden jolting pain though my whole body.  It is an electric fence.  That kind of shock would normally kill someone.  With volts shooting through my arms and legs, I am still able to pull myself forward. Finally, I am outside the gate.
It’s over.  I am free.  I will be fine.  I release a big breath of air I had been holding in my chest, relieved that I had survived this battle.
“Miss East.” someone calls behind me.
Oh, no.  It’s Bradley.  “Leave me alone!” I yell at him.
“I am sorry Miss East.  I can’t do that.  You need a doctor and the FBI is going to take you home.  Wouldn’t you like to go home?”
“Don’t talk to me as if I were a four-year-old that can be bribed with ice cream.  I am perfectly fine.  I have been hurt worse before.  I can take care of myself.  No, I don’t want to go home because my mom is just going to be mad I didn’t tell her where I was going and will ground me again.  Oh yeah, and the FBI taking me home is a huge joke.  Let me tell you a little something about the FBI.  All they want to do is black mail me so that I am forced to do what they consider is my civic duty.  They don’t care about me going home.  They want me to be their slave and their lab rat.”  As I talk to him I continue to crawl away from him.  When I finish, I try standing up.  It works for a couple of steps, and then I collapse again.
I get up and try to walk some more.  This time when I fall, Bradley catches me. 
I cringe gripping my broken ribs.  They really hurt. “Thanks,” I say.  “I really can’t go with them.”
“You have to.”  He picks me up as if I weigh no more than a feather and I am as breakable as blown glass.
“Brad, you don’t get it…”
While he is walking, he doesn’t notice the FBI director has come up to us.
“Thank you for bringing her back.  She is a huge asset to America,” the director says.
Brad looks down at me with that same expression in his eyes as he had before, when I awoke to him hovering over me.  He moves his head by my ear and whispers, “Would you like me to stay with you?”
I nod.  Why did I nod?
Bradley speaks up, “I will carry her.  Show me where she needs to go.”
The director shakes his head, “That’s alright.  I can take it from here.”
Bradley steps back in a protective manner and says, “Sir.  I think it would be best if you let me handle her.  Besides she needs some wrapping up after all the damage you caused.”
I give him a small smile.  If it were any other time I would have corrected him saying that he injected me with Glycytocine not them but this time… This time is different.  He is helping me when I need it most.
They take me into the helicopter and Brad bandages me up carefully with his delicate warm hands while the FBI director asks me questions.  They tell me my options…I was right before – work for them or work for them – my only choice is to join the FBI.  
I had to sign a contract, but told them no testing.  They said that they wouldn’t plan on testing until I was twenty-one.  I was really glad Brad was there.  It made it easier.  A lot easier!  The helicopter finally landed.  But guess where…in my back yard.
“What is my mom going to think?  Better yet what am I going to say? Oh no, oh no, oh no!”  I ramble on, hyperventilating and making my ribs feel like shattering glass.
“You mean to say your mother doesn’t know about your gift or the FBI?” the director asks.
“Both,” I yell at him.  “My mom is going to kill me!”
“Is your mother abusive Miss East?”
“Of course she isn’t.  She is a parent and she is going to freak out.”
He looks pensive for a moment, “Oh I see.  Well we will just have to do something about that.  We don’t want you to materialize or dematerialize in front of anyone, including your mother.  The fewer people who know about your gift the better.”
“Thank you,” I say as if the whole universe has been lifted off my chest.
The FBI Director and Vice President walk to the front of my house and pretend to be my guidance counselors who were worried about my lack of privacy while the pilot silently flew the helicopter elsewhere.  Now thanks to them and Brad, my mom doesn’t come in my room unless I say so.  If I don’t answer the door it is most likely because I am studying or writing my thoughts.  Now my mom thinks I am in need of a shrink, but at least this lowers the chance of her finding out.
That was almost four-years-ago and it still feels like yesterday even though so much has happened.  Right now I am writing in my journal and watching my mom cook.  My mom bought this journal for me, saying that maybe this would help me organize my thoughts and she promised never to read it.  She even gave me a box with a lock and key to put it in if I wanted.  My mother is really controlling, brutally honest, and doesn’t understand me at all.  But she is a good mom, does her best, and I love her.  It’s just my mom and me now.  My dad died when I was young.  She never talks about him and I’ve learned to stop asking about him.  I can tell it hurts her.  I keep a picture of him and my mother on their wedding day in my nightstand and pull it out when I miss him the most.  The older I get, the less I remember things about him.  Sometimes, I have dreams wishing they could be memories, but I think they are just dreams.  It’s nice to imagine that they are real though.  
My name is Eileen Lillian East, but my friends call me Lily. I try to be like everyone else.  At the age of eighteen, I try to fit in like everyone does in high school.  I cheer for the Fall Varsity football team, I get good grades, and I even stress about college applications.  Mostly though, I stress, wishing I could actually go to college, but I don’t think I’ll ever get the chance.  The government believes that my civic duty is a higher priority than my education. 
Most people would love to be able to go back in time and change mistakes from the past.  It’s like having a super power.  Everyone loves Spiderman, Hancock, Storm, Elektra, and other powerful super heroes.  The truth is, time travel is not as exciting as it seems.  It can’t be controlled.   Where I go or when it happens, is completely up to this power inside me. Along with having this ability, comes the problem of greed.  So many people want to have power, but when you have something everyone wants, they will do what ever it takes to get it.  
I got stuck with the FBI, so I guess it could have been worse.  Still, I wouldn’t consider myself lucky.  As my civic duty I had to sign my life over to the FBI becoming a Federal Bureau of Gifted Teens agent.  So far, I have avoided becoming a lab rat but I know it is inevitable.  I don’t get paid and I am warped all over the world without a moment’s notice.  It is a burden.  No one knows how it happens or why I have it.  The strange part of time travel is what happens.
It’s difficult to describe, but here it goes: The FBI calls the start of my transition in time the “dematerialize phase.”  This phase causes a tickling feeling all over my body.  I am aware of the world around me as if I am Mother Nature herself.  I can hear all thoughts, and experience all feelings.  The scents consume the air I breathe and I feel more alive than I ever feel in my own body.  I become a part of all times and all places.  Then there is a graceful change as I leave the place where I am standing and I am sent into the time portal.  
Like a wormhole, the time portal is something that can’t be seen.  It works as a bridge, or more accurately a tunnel through space-time.  For some reason my portal likes to change directions sometimes causing me to end up in a different place which is always the most horrifying part for me.  Just like driving through a tunnel, I can’t turn around and go back. The portal it is considered the “transition phase” of my time travel.  
Being in the time portal is like soaring through space.  Inside this invisible tunnel, I smell flowers when I am happy, raw fish when I have sour feelings, and when I am angry, I normally smell something like burning tar.  My least favorite part is the temperature; it is always so cold. Like the air conditioning turned on full blast.  Light and darkness blend together making sight difficult.  I can only see the scenes that I’m passing by, when I don’t look right at them.  I can only use my periphery vision; otherwise all I see is darkness.
After I go through the portal, I materialize into the past.  The “materialization phase” is the most daunting.  If I do not start off my time travel in a balanced and calm demeanor then I may end up in a precarious location.  Landing on a cliff’s edge is not a place I want to be.
For some reason the farther I go back in time, the longer I am away from the present.  When I was only three years old, I had been missing for hours in my time.  Luckily, I was with my dog, Molly.  It was the first time I had ever time traveled. My mom totally freaked out when she couldn’t find me.  She doesn’t know about the whole time travel thing and I don’t plan on telling her. Despite her constant worry over me she tries to let me figure things out on my own now and trusts I’ll come to her if I need her.  I wish I could tell her my secret, but I can’t burden her with something like this.
My phone is ringing and I answer it.  There is a man on the phone.
“Agent East, you are going to time travel in fifteen minutes.  You are going to a house on Elm Street in the year 1823.  There will be a kidnapping.  I recommend you go somewhere where no one will see you,” he hangs up and I stay on the phone. 
“Hey Michael.  Yeah I have the notes for Mr. Flam. I’ll be over in a Jiffy. Bye.”  I hang up and grab my car keys.
“Who is this Michael and why does he want notes on a Friday?” my mother asks.  
Of course she has to know everything.  “Michael is one of my friends in science class.  He is a straight A student, what can you expect him to do on a Friday?” I shrug my shoulders nonchalantly.
“Why do you have to take your notes to him?”
“Because he is grounded for a ninety-eight he got on his English Exam.”
“Oh, I like him already.  Go on. Don’t keep the genius waiting.  Maybe you should take after him.”
“Bye mother!” I say fake smiling out the door.  I put my car into drive and race over to Elm Street.  I am there in ten minutes, where if I had been going the speed limit and hadn’t crossed the solid yellow line to pass people it would have taken fifteen or twenty minutes.
After I park my car in the clubhouse parking lot, I run into the lady’s room, lock the door to a stall in the bathroom, and clear my head.  I don’t want to smell raw fish or a garbage truck again.  Standing in my usual position, I make sure I am balanced and won’t fall when I materialize on the other side.  It is a lot easier to land softly this way.  I look at my watch then put my arm down.  I am ready.  At least I am until…
“Wait!” some guy runs into the bathroom, busts open the stall door, and grabs my wrist.
Then I go back in time.

Chapter Two
_______________________
This time is different than the others.  It’s almost painful, like I am being ripped apart instead of dematerializing.  Whatever it is in my portal is slowing me down.  I ignore the pain and notice how peaceful the portal seems.  It has a pink glow to it, allowing me to see everything that I pass clearly.  I taste GODIVA Chocolate covered strawberries and I can smell fire lilies as if my face is smothered in a bouquet.  Finally I exit the portal tumbling to the ground with dust clouds all around me.  Still, I am not the only one who lands with a thump.  I search through the dust for the source of the fall, “What in the name of…” 
The dust is starting to settle and I hear, “Owe…” It is the guy who grabbed my wrist. He came back in time with me?  I turn toward him and help flip him over onto his back.
“Bradley?  What are you doing here?” I should have recognized him.  Over the past four years we’ve seen each other a lot.  Whenever I happen to get back from a mission or if I’m just around in our time, I tend to run into him.  Sometimes I wonder if his father has assigned him to me.  He is training to be a Navy SEAL but somehow he has the time to shadow me.
I see a deep reddish-brown liquid dripping from his face.  It’s blood.  He puts his hand up to his nose finding the warm liquid, “I don’t remember what it is I’m supposed to tell you.”
Trying to cover up my worry, I say, “Great.  You slow down my time traveling and you forget what you have to tell me.  You’re a real help.”
“I think you broke my nose,” he states with watery eyes.
It’s strange but I feel something for him.  I’m not sure exactly what it is, but seeing him, knowing he just experienced what I go through, makes me feel some kind of connection with him.  I almost show my strong emotions toward him but instead I say, “Oh you’ll get over it. You are a Navy SEAL in training; you aren’t supposed to be a cry baby.”
“Stuff it Miss East.  You cry when you get hurt,” he plugs his nose making him sound funny.
“Yeah, but I don’t whine about it.  Besides I owed you one, since you almost killed me, remember?” I give him a little wink.  Suddenly I feel like that’s corny.
“Come on, I didn’t know you were allergic.  Besides I helped you then and you know I feel bad about that.  When are you going to pay me back that courtesy Miss East?”
I wrinkle my nose, “Stop calling me Miss East.  It makes me sound old.”
He raises an eyebrow, “What do you want me to call you then?”
“Lily…that’s what my friends call me.”
“Fine, Lily, will you help me with my broken nose.”
“Fine,” I say liking that he called me Lily considering that is what my friends call me therefore inclining that he thinks of me as a friend.  I smile slightly to myself.
“What are you smiling about?” he asks as I stop his nose from bleeding and clean it up.
“How funny your face looks with a crooked nose.”  I laugh at him.
“Stop making fun.  It hurts!”
“Here bite this!” I say handing him a stick.
“What for…”
“Just do it.  Trust me.”
With that he takes the stick and puts it in his mouth.  Then I adjust his nose into place with a loud crack.  He doesn’t scream but the stick makes an awful cracking sound leaving Brad with a mouthful of bark.  He groans and spits the bark out of his mouth.  When he is done he goes to touch his nose and I smack his hand away.
“What did you do that for?” he asks.
“I am not done yet.”
“Haven’t you caused me enough pain already?”
I smile at him tilting my head to the side and say, “Just one more thing Bradley.”
I lightly set my fingers on his nose and very gently massage the nerves.  He doesn’t say anything, which is good because I would probably press too hard.  I am a little distracted when I notice how close together Brad and I are but don’t show it.  Instead I plan to just concentrate on his nose when I notice he is now smiling.
“Now, what are you smiling at?”
“Nothing.” He says putting his hands up showing he has no weapons at hand.
“It is apparently something.  You are smiling bigger than Jim Carey on the How the Grinch Stole Christmas.”
“It is nothing really,” he smirks.
“Fine, come back over here, wipe off that grin, and let me finish fixing your nose.”
“Okay,” he says smiling even bigger.
I roll my eyes and massage his nose a little longer.  When the swelling goes down and his nose almost looks normal I get a Bio-Freeze sample packet out of my jacket pocket which now smells like sweet pea and open it up.  Although Brad cringes at the strong smell of the cream he says nothing.  I rub some on his nose carefully and massage it a little longer.  When the Bio-Freeze is rubbed in I notice Brad has his hand on my leg.  How long had it been there?  I push it off and I turn away.
“Lily wait… I’m sorry.”
“You are just like every other guy, can’t keep his hands to himself.”
“Don’t be so confident about yourself Lily.  I didn’t mean for my hand to be on your leg.  It was a complete accident.  I don’t look at you that way and I am not like other guys, just like you said you are not like other girls.  Don’t act like you can read my mind Lily, even though you are special…” he does little quotes with his fingers around special, “doesn’t mean you are a mind reader.”
I walk outside the floorless shed and run around to the back.  Could my life get any worse?  What was I supposed to say after that?  I am not that confident about myself.  What else am I supposed to think about a guy when he is laughing; saying its nothing, then his hand is on my leg?  Doesn’t he know I hate having this thing everyone calls “a gift”?  I do a corkscrew kick into a tree making myself fall into a pile of leaves.  I lie there for a little while then say to myself, “Screw emotions, I have a job to do.”  I stand up and head over to a water basin.  Looking at my reflection I say to myself, “This is definitely not what they wore in 1823.  Oh well.  People are going to stare, but I got a kidnapping to stop.”
I walk though the woods because I don’t want to walk back around front and see Brad after that embarrassing speech he gave.  Brad really pulls a lot of emotions out of me I never knew I had.  Feelings like anger, fear, and embarrassment.  I keep on walking, thinking about everything, when I stop and look around.  “Great I didn’t want to see Brad and for that I get lost.”  I try to look at the sky, but the trees block my view.
While I am trying to see in between the branches, something craws from the back of my neck, onto my face.  It is a black widow.  Instead of freaking out, I bend down, grab a stick, lift the spider off me and hold the spider towards a web.  The spider crawls up onto it with no harm done to me.  Looking back up to the hidden sky, I say, “It looks like someone cares about me.”  Then I look at my feet thinking about Brad, “I guess I can’t say that for everyone.”  I sit down against a tree and close my eyes.  There is nothing else I can do.  I am pretty much stuck here, as I would be if I were in the spider’s web.
I must have fallen asleep for a little while.  The forest seems darker.  The nocturnal animals are out and about.  “I wonder if there are wolves or coyotes here.”  I hear a howl, which answers my question.  I climb up into the tree, praying there are no creatures in it.  I look down and see someone walking through the foliage.  As he gets closer, I realize who it is.  “What do you want Bradley?”
He pauses looking up at me, “Lily, are you okay?”
“I was until you got here,” I grumble.
“Look Lily, I am sorry, okay?  I was way out of line back there.  I don’t want you to get hurt.  I am worried about you.  Come on Lily.  I have a reason to worry about you.  Remember when I said there was something I was supposed to tell you?”
Has he remembered what he was to tell me? “Yeah, what of it?” I say as nonchalantly as possible.
“I was supposed to tell you who gets kidnapped,” he says loud and clear.
So he does remember, “A name would be nice thanks.”
He stays quiet as if in thought and then shrugging his shoulders he says, “Eileen Lillian East.”
“You’re funny!  First, you make me feel like a complete idiot, embarrass me, then remind me how much of a freak I am, and now you’re telling me I’m about to be kidnapped?”
Brad sighs, “The person that is kidnapped is you.  That is why I was worried about you, came looking for you.”
Gazing up at the stars I wish I could be anywhere else but here.
Bradley climbs up the tree to sit behind me, but I don’t bother to look.  He puts his hand in mine, pulls me towards him, and wraps his arms around me.  I resist for a moment until I realize I’m glad to be in his arms.
He whispers in my ear, “You don’t need to be afraid of me.”
I pull my head back from him.  He doesn’t look away from me.  Instead he holds my gaze waiting for me to speak.  I don’t say anything at first.  I just sit there and watch him.  I should be kissing him, not staring at him.  He holds my eyes barely blinking.  I finally break our stare leaning against his chest, “No; I’m not afraid.”
After I say that, he takes a deep breath and holds me that much tighter.  I don’t know what I should do.  I am just sitting here hands in my lap, his arms around my waist, and leaning against his chest.
He laughs and says, “I guess now would be a good time to tell you I am afraid of heights?”
“Well aren’t you full of surprises?” I say laughing with him.  “What are you waiting for?  Let’s get back down to the ground.”
Brad climbs down first and puts his hand out to help me down.  I feel myself blush at the gesture and hope he doesn’t notice.  When my feet touch the ground I try to pull my hand away but he tightens his grip slightly, hinting he doesn’t want me to let go.  I smile and rub the back of his hand with my thumb lost in thought. I don’t even remember what I was thinking about, but when I come out of my dazed state I look down, and to my surprise, I am still rubbing the back of his hand.  Smiling, I gently step a little closer.  Then I wrap his arm around my shoulder and keep holding onto his hand.  The sun glimmers on the leaves, as I watch it rise through a hole in the canopy.  It is a beautiful sight that I want to hold onto.  Of course I prefer the stars.  They are majestic and mysterious as they map the skies beholding secrets in their light.  Besides their beauty, the sun also means I have to get to work and leave this moment with Brad.  I don’t know why, but this just feels…right. 
Brad starts leading us through the forest, “If it is you they are going to kidnap then why don’t we just go back?  Then they can’t hurt you.”
I think for a moment, “I think it is more complicated than that.  I don’t know what it is but I have a feeling it is not as simple as taking me.  Really, what do they want from me?  Would they know in this time period about time travel?”
He looks hurt, “Don’t you believe me?”
“Of course I believe you.  I just think that we are reading the answer wrong.  And how am I going to catch them otherwise?  You know I can’t go back to the present time until I do what I have come here to do, right?”
He shakes his head, “No; I didn’t.”
“Well then I have to do my job if we want to get back.”
“You mean WE have a job to do, if we want to get back,” he says smiling at me again.
I will never tire of that smile.  It makes me melt inside.  We keep on walking beside each other, which is a little uncomfortable for the both of us.  We don’t know exactly where we are, but we know which direction we are headed.
We finally come up to a small town that seems too old to be real.  All they have is horses and carriages here.  Sounds of hooves hitting the ground while pulling the heavy wooden carriages down the narrow streets.  We catch glimpses of people hurrying along the dusty road wearing elegant high-waisted gowns and high-cut coats with tails.  We don’t go onto the road yet staying hidden in the shelter of the trees.
Brad says, “We need to change.”
“Yeah question is, where are we going to find clothes before we get caught?” I ask.
“We aren’t,” he says.  Then smiling, “I have an idea. Turn around.”
I give him a questioning look, “What for?”
“Just trust me.”
I turn around.  There is a rustle of clothes behind me and the next thing I know I have black material all over me and his hands are on my shoulders, he slides them over my arms and down to my waist.  Finally I notice he is taking measurements.  His hands work fast but are gentle.
“Arms up,” he says.
He slides some of the black fabric over my head.  It smells like him.  I really love the smell of him, but I’ll never let on. 
“Now you look perfect for a 1823 funeral but it is the best I can do.”  He puts his hands on my shoulders and spins me around.  “You look…” he gulps wide-eyed, “beautiful!”
“Thanks you don’t look too shabby yourself.  Where did you get the suit?”
“I have to wear it under my clothes.  My dad wanted me to be ready for anything.”
I nod as if that is normal, “Well you look great!”
“Thanks.  My mother always liked me in suits.”
“She has great taste.”
“Yeah…” he nods absently then looks up at me, “she did.”
“Oh Brad. I’m…” I don’t know what to say, “…sorry.  I didn’t…”
“It’s fine.  Can’t remember her if I don’t talk about her, right?”
I look up at him with a smile thanking him for the quick forgiveness, “Right.”
“So, what do you think about your dress?”
“Dress?” I ask absent-mindedly.  I didn’t even think to look at what he had done with his clothes.  Now I look down at my dress.  It’s a full-length skirt with the fabric overlapping in the front.  The bottom is bordered with some of the embroidered green leaves from my violet halter-top.  The neck straps of my halter-top were made as a belt around my ribs, making an empire waist, and my top appears to look like a corset bodice with black sleeves.  Now my stomach and lower back are covered with the black material too.  I spin in a circle.  It is beautiful.  I feel, like I should be able to pass as an 1800’s lady, “It looks perfect…how did you know how to do this?”
“My mom used to be a tailor.”
“Thank you, Brad.  Now for hats,” I wink at him.
We snatch a couple of hats from a cart without anyone noticing.  We hide behind the cart while we put on our new hats and I notice my hands shaking.
Brad has a sincere look, “What’s wrong?”
“Just nervous,” I say a little humiliated, since I am never nervous, “Let’s just go.”
We walk onto Elm St. which is a very a busy street.  There are carts and stalls that sell everything you can think of.  I suppose it is a daily market.  Everyone will still know we are outsiders.
“Hello Miss,” says a lady of about thirty-years-old with blonde hair braided into a crown around her head with ringlets cascading down the back.  Her eyes are emerald with brown lines around the center appearing like a sunflower.  She is a slender woman with a medium sized chest and small hips.  She is wearing a plain blue dress belted off similar to mine with slightly off-the-shoulder puffy sleeves.  “You must be new here.  I am Elaina.  Where do you and your husband come from?”
“We come from the country-side, by the river, but have travelled a great distance.” I reply. I look at Brad wondering what he’s thinking.  It was kind of shocking to hear “husband” directed at me.
She puts this big smile on her face as she asks her next question, “Where are you two headed?”
I come up with something off the top of my head, “We are headed North to stay with my cousins but there is a long way still to go, and need a place to stay for the time being.”
Her smile gets even larger, “Well it so happens, I am very generous, as well as my husband.  We would love for you two to stay with us if that is at all optional for you.”
“May I have a moment with my wife?” Brad smiles at her.
I’m shocked to hear him call me his wife.  I know he is just playing a part but he is playing it pretty well without any lines.
“Of course dears.  I will be right over at that the corner stand when you are ready.”
I smile, “Oh thank you. You are too kind.”
She dips her head graciously, “No, not at all. Thank you.” 
I smile at her again as she turns around and wiggles her little fingers at us walking away.  I turn to face Brad, “I don’t like her.  I feel like she would burn me at the stake if she knew about my gift.  I would be accused of being a witch, Satan’s magic.  You don’t think she could tell I don’t like her do you?”
Brad gives me a smirk that seems to answer my question.
“Great it showed?  Now she will definitely help us,” I say sarcastically.
“No.  I don’t think she noticed you were hiding angst behind your smile.  I would have known for sure if you copied her twiddled finger wave.  Actually I would have burst out laughing.”
“Why wouldn’t she see my smile was fake if you did?”
He pauses to contemplate for a moment as if he isn’t sure he should say anything, “Because I know when you smile for real your eyes smile too, but when you are faking or lying you are like Barbie and your eyes don’t shimmer.”
When he says that, I am kind of startled.  How could someone know me like that?  No one has ever told me that about my eyes or my smile.  I don’t think anyone has ever known me that well.  I clear my throat, “So what do you think we should do?”
“I think we should accept.  This lady seems like a person who makes it her business to know a lot about everyone.  She could be useful in getting information about the kidnapper.”
I nod in agreement, “Okay.  Let’s go.”
We walk over to the corner stand where we agreed to meet the lady.  
Brad says, “We would love to accept your invitation.”
She smiles at us, “You will be our guests.  I am glad you accepted my offer.  This is wonderful news.  Come, I shall take you to my home.”  She smiles and motions for us to follow her to her home.  As we leave the market place she says, “I don’t believe I got your names.”
“Oh I am sorry.  How rude of me.  My name is Eileen and this is my husband Bradley Trinity.”  I almost trip on the word ‘husband.’  I wonder if Brad had trouble saying ‘wife.’
“Trinity! What a lovely last name.  Is it British?” she asks Brad.
He looks a little surprised she knows the origin, “Yes, British.”
Smiling again she says, “Lovely.”
We turn onto a street occupied by only two houses.  They are both at the end of the court with U-shaped gravel driveways.  The homes are Victorian, very beautiful and quite bigger than my house.  Still they are very cozy looking homes.  One is a peach color and the other a cream.  They both have cherry blossoms in front of the houses making them seem peaceful enough.
“Here we are.  It’s the one on the left.  Don’t you just love the color peach?  It is so…tasteful don’t you think?” she asked me.
“Very admirable.” I say smiling at her holding down the nauseas feeling in my stomach.  Something other than her fake bubbly personality is just nagging at me.
“Thank you.  I do love a beautiful home.”
We walk inside and are immediately encountered by a very strong smell of peach and cinnamon.  I think I am going to throw up.  “What is that…delightful sent?”
“Franincense and myrrh.  Don’t you love it?”
I try to swallow, “It is very nice, but I think I am going to be sick.”
“Why ever so miss?”
My throat seems to be closing on me and my eyes are watering, “I am allergic.”
“Oh Lord.  Nana!  Nana! Put out the franincense and open all the windows!  Hurry!” she yells to a maid in the kitchen.  “Come on dear let me show you to the bathroom.”
She leads me to a bathroom where I can rinse out my eyes and opens the window so I can breathe fresh air.  Brad is standing outside the door with a worried look on his face.  He remembers what it was like the last time I was allergic to something.  I almost died.
Elaina left the bathroom to help Nana get the incense smell out.  I dry my face, look in the mirror to check my make-up, and I am surprised by what I see.
My hair is in loosened curls from yesterday’s ringlets, my eyes have changed to a pacific blue, my skin is tan and my face is clear.  I have almost no make-up on, but yet I still look, well, stunning.  “It must be the dress.” I whisper to myself.  
I leave the bathroom finally calm only to be surprised by someone shoving a cloth in my face.  It has ammonia on it.  I know it won’t put me to sleep but when I see that Brad is laying down on the floor I pretend to go weak in the knees and collapse into the ammonia man’s arms.

Chapter Three
_______________________
“Mr. Cunnington, what have you done to our guests?”
“Guests, what guests?  We have thieves in our midst,” the ammonia guy says.
“They aren’t thieves Alfred they are our guests.  They are new in town!  Be careful with her.  She is allergic to franincense who knows what else she is allergic to, poor gal.”
Elaina waves her handkerchief in front of my nose and I pretend to come out of unconsciousness.  “Where am I?” I ask.
“You are at the Cunnington home my dear.  Remember?  You and Bradley met me in the market today.”
Then I pretend to really wake up, “Brad…Brad…where is he?” I say frantically looking around.  I let tears stream down my face then when I look down and see him, I throw myself on the floor next to him.  “Brad…” I sniffle “Brad…wake up…” I let a tear fall on his cheek.  Then wiping it away, “What is wrong?  Why won’t he wake up?”
“I am sorry dear I thought you and your husband were thieves.  I only gave you and him a whiff of ammonia.  Just wave Mrs. Cunnington’s handkerchief in front of his nose and he will be alright.”
I take Mrs. Cunnington’s handkerchief with a thank you and start waving it in front of Brad’s face.
When he opens his eyes and sees my teary face he gets a worried expression.  He sits up quick holding my arms, “Lily, are you okay?”
I nod and wrap my arms around his neck pretending to cry endlessly and whisper in his ear what happened, “We need to watch out for these two.  I think they have something to hide.”
“It’s okay, we will get to the bottom of this!” He says in a normal voice.  Thankfully it is still understandable in the happenings of things for him to say that.  We don’t want it to look like we know anything or are hiding anything ourselves.
We are like a young couple madly in love that will never let anything separate us.
“I thought we were supposed to be welcomed guests?” Brad says to the old lady, as if he is really mad at them for making me cry.  Maybe he is.  No, he has no reason to be.  He is probably mad that he didn’t see it coming.
Elaina looks like she is going to cry, “You are, it’s just, my husband didn’t know who you were.  I am very sorry.  I should have told him right away.  Please forgive us, we didn’t mean for this to happen.”
Alfred clears his throat, “Yes, we are very sorry.  Allow me to show you around.  Maybe a glass of wine would cheer you two up?”
“We don’t drink,” Brad says.
“Oh well, maybe a glass of water and cucumber sandwiches then?”
“Would that be alright Eileen?” Brad asks me.
I nod, still sniffling but no more tears coming down my face.
“Wonderful!  Would you like to eat, then we can show you to your room?” Alfred asks me.
“That would be nice, thank you,” I say.
We follow them into a sitting room that, I guess, is normally for teatime.  We sit down around a little table and are immediately served the sandwiches and water.  I am eating very small bites as Elaina is also doing.   My feet are crossed and under the chair with my back straight like my mother taught me, but I notice the old lady doesn’t.  Strange to have a woman of this status, not have good posture.  “The sandwiches are very good.”  I half listen to Elaina tell Alfred all she had learned about us so far stopping a couple times to ask Brad if she was correct.  My eyes are inseparable from the wall next to me.  It is filled with books.  Books I have never read before.  My mind is telling me to snap out of it; where my heart says to grab a book and read it.
“I see you like my small collection of books,” Alfred says noticing my lack of attention in the conversation.  “Too bad most women can’t read.  Maybe I could teach you.”
“Oh, I know how to read, four different languages actually.  But I am not much cleverer than the dry pages I so studiously cleave.”
Brad chokes laughing at my Harry Potter reference.
Alfred looks a little flustered then recovers with, “Yes, I see you are different from most girls your age.  But that is truly wonderful.  Reading opens you up to a whole new world.  Would you like to see my whole collection?  It’s a real eye opener.”
“I would love to.” Okay, so books are a weakness of mine.
Alfred then turns to Brad, “Would you like to come as well?”
Brad looks at me with that brilliant smile and says, “That is one of the many things my wife and I have in common.  Yes, thank you.” He stands up offering me his hand to help me rise from the seat.
Did I hear wrong or did he really just say we have many things in common?  And why did he offer me his hand?  I feel like I’m blushing.  I need to stop.  I’m sure Brad is just playing the part, like I am.
“What is that?” Alfred asks him.
“Reading.  We both love it and can barley set a book down until it’s finished.”
“Then you must come.  You both will love my collection.”
We walk back to the foyer and up the stairs.  We turn left and go down a long corridor.  There are many doorways on the walls to our left and right. We walk all the way to the end of the corridor and find two very large double doors.  Alfred opens them into a big two-story ballroom with a mural painted ceiling.  “Welcome to my library”
This room isn’t for dancing.  There are thousands of books lining the walls.  There are bookshelves in the middle of the floor in the shape of octagons.  There are doorways in four of the eight walls and books on both sides.  There are little study tables and couches scattered with shelves of books built into the sides.  The ceiling even has bookshelves hanging from it with hundreds of more books.  There is a skywalk that goes from bookshelf to bookshelf.  I feel like I am in Disney’s Beauty and the Beast.  This is unreal, it is huge, and it is…it is perfect.
The house may look smaller outside but in reality it is huge and I could really get lost.  I’ll have to be careful.
“You can come back here anytime you would like.  You can even take some books if you’d like. Just let me know which ones.  Right now let me show you to your room,” Alfred says as he sadly closes the doors.
We leave the library and go to the other side of the house.  There we find a small staircase that leads up to a tower.  The room is very nice.  It has a king sized bed, an armoire, a washbasin and table, a nightstand, a fireplace, and a bathroom.
“Will this room be okay?” Alfred asks.
“It is lovely.   Thank you Mr. Cunnington,” I say politely enough.
“Please call me Alfred.  And it’s my pleasure!”
With that he leaves Brad and I to do as we wish until dinner.
“I am not sleeping on the floor,” Brad says.
“Yeah, I know,” I say.  Why would I expect him to sleep on the floor?
“Just making sure.  My back hurts from being in that tree.”
“Are you sure it wasn’t just the fact of climbing it?”
He laughs at that, “I think it was both.”
“Good point,” I say laughing myself.  I go into the bathroom and slip my hand into my pocket under my dress to get some bobby pins for my hair.  I make two swags with my hair and put some lip-gloss on that I have in my other skirt pocket.  I look in the mirror…Good enough.
Stepping outside the bathroom, I see Brad staring off into the distance pondering something.  I don’t want to distract him so I leave our room closing the door quietly behind me.
In the kitchen, Alfred is sitting down reading the paper and Elaina is cooking dinner with the maid Nana.
“I am going to get some fresh air if you don’t mind,” I say sweetly.
“Oh of course you can.  Go ahead.  Dinner is still going to be a while.  I will let you know when it is ready,” Elaina says with a smile.
“Thank you.”  I walk out to the side yard into the gardens looking at the different flowers.  They are very elegant, but they are not what I would want in my garden.  I personally like fire lilies.  I walk over to a bench facing the next-door neighbor’s backyard.  There is a little girl playing there.  She has red hair in pigtails and she is wearing a pink dress that looks familiar.
I used to have a pink dress with a hooped skirt, white polka dots on it, and a little hat with a whole in the top, so you wore it like a crown on your head. I never wore it in public except on Halloween.  My mom and I used to have fun little tea parties and we would dress up.
This little girl has freckles all over her as I do.  She is running around in her back yard being followed by a fluffy white cat.  How sweet?  I stand up to go inside.  Then I hear a thump, and a sent all too familiar, meets my nose.
I turn to look at the little girl.  She tripped.  She gets up, brushes off her dress, and walks back to the middle of the yard.  She is stumbling like she is getting dizzy and she is clenching her chest as if she is having trouble breathing.  Then I notice I am doing the same thing.  She looks up from the ground to look at me.  That is when I notice, the dress is mine, and she is…me.
I hear someone that I know is close, but they sound so far away, “Mrs. Trinity…Mrs. Trinity…” gosh that sounds good. I feel my shoulders being lifted off the ground.  Someone is breathing next to my ear.  Their face is warm against my cheek.  “Lily…come-on Lily…wake-up”
I take a deep breath.  The person moves their head away from my ear.  I open my eyes.  It’s Brad.  He is kneeling down next to me; one arm around my shoulders, my head leaning on his arm, all while his free hand softly caresses my cheek.  Is he crying?
“Where am I?” I ask Brad.
“The Cunnington’s house, remember?”  He has that look in his eyes again.  Will I ever be able to place a name to that emotion?
I sit up and put my head next to his.  “I saw me at the age of six.  Just in the yard over there.  She was having trouble breathing and walking too.  I think she tripped over something that had Glycytocine.  It is in a lot of mushrooms around this area.  My guess is the powder went in the air.”
“First, are you okay?” he looks me over as if to find a sign saying otherwise.
I nod, “Yes, I’ll be fine.”
“Second, how did you see yourself at the age of six if you aren’t born yet?”
“I have been able to time travel all my life.  It is possible that twelve years ago, I traveled back to this time and just forgot about it.  They are going to want someone who is young, maybe a six-year-old, and if it is supposed to be me, then why not the six-year-old me?”
“So we have a lead.  Let’s get you back inside.  I don’t think they know you fainted,” he says as he helps me up.
“I didn’t faint.  I simply…”
“Passed out,” he says finishing my sentence.
“Exactly.”
At that we both laugh.   He puts his arm around my shoulder hugging me tight then steers me to the door.
We walk back up the tower and go to our room.  I let myself drop down onto the bed.  Lying on it so that my feet are hanging off, I cross my ankles, and stare up at the ceiling.  Brad sits down on the bed next to me.
“You need to stop passing out or else someone is going to think something is wrong with you,” he jokes.
“That’s nothing to worry about.  You should come to my school.  Practically everyone thinks something is wrong with me.”
“Okay well, I will give you a real reason to stop passing out.”
I turn over on my side to look at him, “And what would that be?”
“If you don’t stop passing out I am going to go into cardiac arrest.”
“You wouldn’t let that happen.”
“Why not?”
“Because you’re too busy worrying about me,” I wink at him.
“Well I guess I will just have to do something for pay back.  You know for all the times I have worried about you.”
This is so silly but I play along, “What could you possibly do to for pay back?”
“Oh nothing really…just this…”
He starts a tickle fight.  The thing with me is I am not very ticklish.  Only my dad ever seemed to know where to get me but I guess Brad got lucky, because I am laughing up a storm.
“Stop it…” I laugh.
He stops and rolls over back onto the bed lying next to me.
I laugh a little bit more then say, “Now you made my stomach hurt from laughing so much!  I don’t remember the last time I laughed like that.”
“You should do it more often.”
“Why’s that?” I say still laughing.
“Because you have an adorable laugh.”
I roll my eyes and cover my head with a pillow in embarrassment.
“You really are adorable.”  He leans over and lifts the pillow away from my face, “You make me smile when you smile.”
At the comment, I smile and so does he.  Then I know what he meant when he said he could tell if I was really smiling.  At that moment I look into his eyes.  I feel a powerful emotion swarm over me.  My heart is beating so fast.  He has to be able to hear it.  My nerves are going wild.  Our lips part…the scent of peppermint and cinnamon lingers in front of our noses.  I feel his warm breath on my face…
Alfred walks into the room.  He sees us on the bed and turns around immediately.  “I am so sorry!  I was just going to tell you dinner was ready.  I will let you two be.  Next time I will be sure to knock.”  With that he runs out the door closing it behind him.
I slide out of Brad’s arms and cross over to the seat at the foot of the bed.
Brad walks over, “I am sorry Lily.  I shouldn’t have…”
“What was I thinking?” I can’t believe I forgot my own rule.  Never be alone with a man in a room, ever.  
“What’s wrong?” he asks.
This conversation was difficult enough with Jared.  I turn to him trying to explain, “I can’t do this.  I told myself I would never do this. I…”
He cuts me off, “Look nothing happened.  You didn’t cheat on your boyfriend.  It was my fault.”
I shake my head and take a step toward him, “Brad, it’s not like…”
He cuts me off, “Let’s just go to dinner.”  He takes sturdy determined steps out the door and down the hall.
“Okay,” I say even though he probably won’t hear me.  I feel so ashamed.  It wasn’t Brad’s fault why that happened. I should have turned away or pushed him away.  I think the real problem is that I enjoyed it.  I wanted him to kiss me.  I don’t even know if I would have stopped at the kissing.  That scares me.  I think I really like Brad.  I should have told him I don’t have a boyfriend, but it seems easier to let him assume that instead of explaining to him my rules that I have set to protect myself.
When I arrive in the dining room I sit down and eat dinner in silence.  Brad and the Cunnington’s talk all through dinner about things I don’t really care about.  All I care about is what had happened, what almost happened, and what I let Brad believe.  I have decided I will go to the library to think.  It is a good idea because it is quiet there and I can loose myself in a story.  Then I won’t have to worry about my problems, for the time being.  I know they will just come back full force when I finish a book.  I can’t run away behind a cover every time something goes wrong.  But, I need a way to just get out without actually going anywhere.  Tomorrow I have to find out what to do about the six-year-old me and find out who the kidnappers are.  I look at the Cunningtons “Dinner was wonderful.  Thank you Elaina.  May I be excused?”
“Of course.  Have a good night,” she says.
I leave the dining room and go to the library.  I decide since Brad is scared of heights he won’t go to the skywalk books.  I go up, grab a few books that look interesting, lie down in the middle of the skywalks, and look down at the library.  Everything seems so perfect up here.  I feel like I am on a cloud.  Just floating in the air without a care in the world.
I fall asleep in the middle of reading a book while laying down on the skywalk.  I am dreaming about the scene between Brad and I, except Alfred doesn’t come in.  We kiss and keep on kissing.  I wake up to the library door opening.  It is Brad.  I pull my arm away from the edge of the plank I am laying on, and try not to move.  Please, don’t look up.  Why don’t I want him to look up?  Maybe I just don’t know what to say.
Brad walks into one of the octagon shaped bookshelves and sits down on the bench in the center.  He pulls his wallet out of his back pocket and takes out a picture.  I squint my eyes and lean forward over the plank to try and get a better look.  I go too far and slide right off the plank.  I grab the edge and catch myself.  I don’t scream but the plank movement makes a scratching sound on the wall.  Not to mention the three books I took out to read fall and hit the floor.  I know he heard it.  I don’t look down though.  Instead I swing my other arm up and catch the plank.  I pull myself up so that my hips are even with the plank then swing my leg over like a gymnastics beam mount.  I sit down, bring my knees up close to my face, and sigh.
I don’t make a sound.  Why didn’t he even say anything when I was hanging off that plank?  I know he saw me.  I shouldn’t even think of him thinking of me.  I lied to him about having a boyfriend, or at least I didn’t correct him, which is the same thing.  I was trying to see who the picture was of.  An ex-girlfriend, maybe even a girlfriend?  Most likely the second! 
Unexpectedly, he lifts my head up, gently sliding his hand under my chin.  “You shouldn’t have come up here,” I look into his eyes as much as it hurts me to do so.  
He has a face that seems almost to pity me, “You don’t really think all that stuff is true do you?”
Suddenly I’m confused, “What stuff?  I didn’t say anything.”
“I know you didn’t.” he gives a small one-sided smile.
“Then what are…” I start to ask then trail off in thought.
“Lily, you aren’t the only person in the world with a gift.  I can read minds.  I don’t have much practice and I can’t just try to read someone’s mind.  I catch most thoughts when people’s emotions are powerful.”
I take a deep breath in.  So now he know what I was just thinking?  Oh, I’m so humiliated, “Great!  Now you have to listen to the stupid words in my head too.”
“They aren’t stupid and it is hard to read your thoughts.  They don’t come in a special order.  They all seem to happen at once.”
I laugh a little at that, “I always said that if anyone tried to read my mind they never would understand a thing.”
“Yes, but I still got most of it.”  He pauses for a moment, “I didn’t say anything because I know how you are when something goes wrong.  You don’t want anyone to crowd around you, at least not until something big happens, sometimes not even then.  I am worried about you every time I think about you, which is all the time.  The picture I was holding was not of my girlfriend or my ex.  It was of someone I wish would consider me at least half as much as I think about her.  If all your friends call you Lily then I will say it a thousand times to prove how much I want to be your friend.  And you lady, are never a waste of my time.  Did I cover everything?”
I laugh and throw my arms around him.  “Almost.  I am so sorry Brad!  How could I possibly be such a jerk?”
“I thought I was the jerk?”
“No,” I laugh again.
Brad wipes the tears that form in my eyes.  “You know you look beautiful even when you’re crying.”
I wink at him, suddenly feeling better and a little bit more like myself, “I think we have done enough talking about this.  How about we get down from here before you go into cardiac-arrest.”
“Sounds good,” He laughs at my comment as we stand up and get down from the skywalk.
After I pick up the three books I dropped, we sit down in one of the octagon shaped bookshelves and just talk about random things.  It is a big relief for me.  I feel like the world was lifted from my shoulders.  When I think about it I don’t really think that Brad reading my mind is a bad thing.  I know I think a lot of thoughts that I don’t want people to know about but maybe this will bring us closer to each other.  No more secrets.  No more lies.  It is going to be a true friendship.
After talking for a long time we finally go to our room.  I take a pillow and two blankets so I can sleep on the floor.  We both don’t even mention it.  Neither one of us wants to ruin the good bond we made tonight.  Brad puts a chair in front of the door so that no one will open it.  That will give me time to put the blankets and pillow back.  Elaina left some nightclothes in front of the door for us.  Mine is a full-length Charmeuse Silk lavender nightgown with quarter-length sheer sleeves and a V-neck.  Brad has a blue Egyptian cotton shirt and pants.  His outfit is not something I would have chosen but he still looks really good in it.
We fall asleep around 3a.m.  I wake up at 6 o’clock.  Brad is still asleep as is everyone else in the house.  I don’t want to move the chair because it might make noise so I just go over to the window seat and look outside.  It is a nice day, the birds are singing, the flowers are in full bloom, and only a few clouds cover the sky.  The weather makes me want to jump out the window and fly, I want to dance under the sun and feel the grass tickle my feet.  I want to lie down on the ground and just relax the day away.  I know I can’t do that.  I have work to do.  At 7 o’clock Brad comes over to the window seat and sits down in front of me.
“Good morning sleepy-head,” I say laughing.
“How can you wake up so early?” he asks groggily while rubbing his eyes.
I shrug, “I guess I am just used to it.  At my house no one can sleep in later than 6:30.”
“Why?”
“Our neighbors are hunters and start early.”
“Are you ready to go downstairs?” he asks.
I nod, “Right after I get dressed.”
I go into the bathroom to change.  Elaina had chosen an aqua dress embroidered with a black leafy design for me.  It was a very pretty dress.  I wash my face and find some make-up in the closet.  It isn’t much for color, but it gives a nice natural look and hides my blemishes.  
Brad is wearing an off white suit and a shirt that is the same color as my dress.  I can’t help but notice how nice he looks. We go downstairs and find that the Cunningtons are still sleeping.  We sit down at the table and talk about how to bring up the younger me.  There really isn’t a good way to bring it up, so we decide to just ask if the Cunningtons know who she is.  
Mr. and Mrs. Cunnington finally wake up and come into the kitchen surprised to find us wide-awake at 9 o’clock in the morning.
“Early bird catches the worm,” I say not really wanting to get off topic before the conversation even starts.  “Have you seen that little girl who lives at the house next door?”
“Oh yes.  She is just a little angel.  Poor girl doesn’t have many friends,” Elaina replies.
Brad asks Elaina, “What is her name?”
“Eileen East.  Well now it is Presario since the neighbors adopted her.  They found the poor thing in the middle of the market place not knowing what to do with herself.  The child must have been scared to death with all those young rogues running about the streets.”
“I would love to meet her,” I say.
“I will arrange it.  We could even have her over for breakfast.  Dear, would you go ask Mrs. Presario if that would be alright?”
“Of course Love.  Be back soon.”
“Does French Toast sound good to you?   Maybe served with some scrambled eggs.  I know it isn’t that grand but that is Eileen’s favorite.”
“How did you know that?” I ask thinking she is talking about me.
“Oh, I am sorry I forgot that your name was Eileen also.  I hear Bradley call you Lily and I keep thinking that is your real name.  Where did you get the nickname Lily if your name is Eileen?”
“My middle name is…” Brad nudges me under the table. “Lily!”
“Oh.  Well that makes sense then.  Do you mind if we call you Lily so that we don’t confuse you with little Eileen?”
“No that is fine.  I prefer to be called Lily anyway.”
The maid sets the food on the table and gets some milk and some orange juice.  Then Elaina pours some milk in a glass for Alfred and one for herself.  “Lily would you like some milk?” she asks me.
“No, thank you, I am lactose intolerant.”  I say and so does a little voice behind me.


Chapter Four
____________________
“Well,” Brad says, “it looks like you two have more than one thing in common.”
I stare at my younger self.  This is so weird.  Can anyone imagine seeing themself like this? There is so much that could change the course of my life meeting with the younger me.  I could tell her all of the things to look out for and avoid, she could keep away from all of my past harmful experiences.  But, then again, wouldn’t that change my fate meeting Brad?  I could prevent the pain I endured from that terrible shot he gave me, but wasn’t it worth this amazing feeling that enters my whole body and mind when he is near?
Just looking at him gives me a feeling of floating on air.  And when he just touches my hand the experience is more memorable than Christmas, birthdays, and the sight of the most beautiful beaches in the world.  This amazing feeling…what ever this feeling is he gives me, his acceptance of me…it’s a feeling I’ll never forget.
“Hello.  My name is Mrs. Eileen Trinity.  You must be the adorable little girl I saw playing in the next door neighbor’s yard yesterday.”
“Yes.  That was me.  My name is Eileen Ea…I mean Presario.”
“It is very nice to meet you Miss Presario.  You may call me Lily if you like.  This is my husband Bradley…”
He looks at the younger me with a friendly smile, “You can call me Brad.  Bradley is just too formal.”
“Hi Brad,” she says putting her hand out in front of her.  “You can call me what ever you want to.”
Everyone in the kitchen laughs at that comment except me and the younger me.  Well, I guess a six-year-old doesn’t really have to worry about guy trouble and I don’t get embraced very easily.  
“After breakfast, could we have a tea party?  Those are so much fun.” The little Eileen asks.
“Would that be alright with you and Brad?” Elaina looks to me.
I say, “Of course.  The more time we get to know each other the better.”
“Marvelous,” the younger me says. “Can we dress up?”
I know she’s up to something but the question is what?  I remember being very clever, even at six. 
“Of course dear.  You know where the box is.  Go on and pick something out.”
“Thank you Elaina!” she says running up the stairs.
“Your welcome.”  Elaina smiles, “what lovely manners for such a young gal.” 
“Indeed,” I say knowing for sure she is up to something.
“Now we must find you two something to wear.  We should all dress up don’t you think Alfred?” Elaina asks her husband.
“Of course dear.  If the little lady wishes, it shall be done.”
Elaina leads me up to the attic to find an extravagant dress for the tea party.  Brad and Alfred go another guest room to find some of Mr. Cunnington’s old party tails.
We reach the attic and go up the last set of steps.  The attic is like a loft.  It would be the perfect space for an apartment or a study.  We walk to an armoire at the back of the attic.  Elaina opens the door and there are dresses so beautiful I can’t even imagine myself in one.  “These dress are incredible Elaina.  Are you sure you don’t mind me wearing one of these?”
“Of course not.  Go ahead and pick one you like.”
“Maybe I should just wear the one I have on.  I wouldn’t want to ruin something as fine as these.”
“You can keep the dress you have on, but you must dress up for Eileen.”
I nod and take a step closer.
All of these are lovely dresses, but there is one dress that I really love.  With Elaina’s help I slip on a gold silk dress with purple flowers and green stems embroidered on the hem.  The skirting is light and flows like water against my skin.  I spin myself in a circle in front of the mirror and watch the dress twirl around me.  This dress is perfect.
“Eileen said if she could fit these clothes, she would pick that one too,” Elaina says.
I turn quickly around to face her, but she shoves me into the armoire and locks the door.
I yell, “Elaina what are you doing?  Let me out of here!”
“You were going to be the perfect cover-up,” she says to me.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.  Now let me out of here, please!” I start to feel panicked.
“Lily, if only you could understand my situation you wouldn’t be taking this so hard.  You see, I can’t have children.  Eileen is the little girl Alfred and I always dreamed of having.  With you and your husband staying here everyone would think we were too nice to kidnap a child and we would have witnesses to be our alibi.  But you just had to get yourself interested in her didn’t you?  She is the perfect little girl.  I want her and you can’t keep me from having her.” I hear her start to walk away.
“She and I are the same person.  She is not perfect.  She can travel through time as I can.  My name is Eileen Lillian East.  I was born in the year 1990 on August fifth.  Right about now little Eileen has the CIA searching for her and sooner or later she is going to dematerialize back to 1996." I have to get out of here.
"What did you say dear? You aren't making much sense.  Time travel?  What in the world could that be?  It has no importance to me.  I want Eileen and you can't stop me.  We can come back to bury you properly in a month or so.  Goodbye Mrs. Trinity."  She walks out of the room and closes the door.
“No, let me out of here!  Come back Elaina!” I shout at her knowing she will not come back. I start pounding on the armoire door trying to get out, but it won’t budge.

Meanwhile…
____________________
Elaina is in the kitchen with Brad, the little me, and Alfred.
Brad looks at the stairs, listening for footsteps.  He turns to Elaina and asks, “Where is Lily?”
“Mrs. Trinity is just touching up in the powder room.  She looks absolutely wonderful in the gold dress.  Alfred why don’t you show Brad the shed while I get Eileen some ice cream.” Elaina gives Alfred a look and he nods.
“But I can’t have ice cream.  I’ll get sick,” says the little me.
“Of course dear.  How about a sandwich?” she says as Alfred leads Brad to the shed.
When Alfred pulls out his keys looking for the right one to open the door he says, "I am sorry it is so messy, I just get so busy sometimes.  You know how it is.”
Brad nods and knows something is wrong but he can't quite put his finger on it.  Once he takes his first step into the shed, he can easily see that it won't be too difficult.  Then he sees something that catches his attention.
"Do you know what this is?" Brad asks in amazement.
Alfred looks questioningly at Brad, "A...rock sir?"
"This is a Time Stone.  Eileen would..."
"What about Eileen?" he asks with slight anger in his tone.
"Oh.  Sorry, I was talking about Mrs. Trinity."
"That's nice.  Is that why you and your wife have such an interest in Miss Presario, because she seems so much like the two of you?  Is that why you want her as your own?"
Brad shakes his head, "Lily and I are not ready for children.  It is too soon in our marriage."
"I see.  Well that changes things," Alfred says with his thoughts in another place. "I'll be right back."
Brad just nods and looks at the time stone like he is completely wrapped up in studying it.  As the door locks Brad starts thinking about how to save me.  He tries something he has never been successful with in his training sessions; he reaches out his thoughts in search for mine.
These people are so stupid.  I hate itchy dresses.  This tea is terrible.  Where is the older me?  Where is Brad?  I want a Snickers.  My shoulder hurts.  I'm in a box?  I'm having a difficult time breathing?  I need to get upstairs.  LET ME OUT OF HERE!!!
Those where the thoughts of the younger me, and then my own.
I am having trouble breathing due to the lack of oxygen.  Where are you Brad?

Then back in the attic…
____________________
"Lily?" Someone whispers.
I suddenly smile in relief, "Brad?  Is that you?"
I hear him walk into the room, "Where are you?"
"I'm in the armoire."
"Just hold on.  I'm going to get you out of there,” he says looking for something to pry the door open with.
“Are you okay?” I ask him.  I know how he found me.  I am starting to be able to feel his mind touch mine.  It makes me wish I could read his mind.
“Yeah Alfred just locked me up in the shed.  They are the kidnappers, by the way.  They thought we were going to get to the little you, before they did.  They sound pretty paranoid to me.  Can you help push?”
“Yeah,” I say turning my back to the door and bracing a foot against the back of the armoire as I push.  “How did you get out of the shed?”
“There was a window in the back that was blocked by a bunch of tools he has in the shed.  He probably forgot it was there.”
The door flings open and I fly out and land in a chair, “Well that was lucky.  Let’s go.  They probably are going to try and run for it.”
Brad opens the door and I run down the stairs.  I see them in the kitchen carrying a picnic basket and blankets.  I continue running to the front door and lock it, as Brad pulls little Eileen away from Elaina’s grasp.
“Eileen!” Elaina screams.
“You are going to pay for interfering, Mr. Trinity,” Alfred growls.
Brad shakes his head, “No.  You are the ones to pay for kidnapping a little girl and attempted murder.”
“We were going to adopt her.  We would never hurt our little Eileen,” Elaina claims.
“Oh please.  You could have killed me just by feeding me that ice cream,” the younger Eileen says rolling her eyes.
That makes Elaina start to cry.
“Oh don’t cry sweetheart.  I’m sure Eileen didn’t mean it.  She loves you,” Alfred tries, hoping to comfort Elaina.
“Of course I meant it.  I only went along with this because I was waiting to go back to the future.”
“Lily, go get the sheriff,” Brad says keeping an eye on the Cunningtons.
“Okay,” the little me and I say in unison.
“The younger one.  Lily, I need you to help me tie them down.”
So the younger me runs out the door to find the sheriff and Brad and I slowly move towards the Cunningtons.  
In my head I hear Brad say, 1...2...3!
I catch Alfred, wrestle him to the ground, put my knee in his back, and tie his wrists together with a rag hanging from the sink.  I turn around to see Brad holding Elaina against the wall with her trying to kick him while she screams.  I throw Brad a towel and ties her legs together right below the knees.
The door bursts open with little me pulling two sheriffs through the door.  Out of breath she says, “the...two tied...up.”
“Good job, Eileen!” I tell her with a smile.
She smiles up at me with a look of triumph on her face.
Brad explains to the sheriff what had happened, not including the time traveling part, while little me and I bandage up my arm and wrist.
“Thank you for catching these two.  They are wanted for the kidnapping and deaths of several children.  Is there anything we can do to pay you back for your help?  We are in your debt,” the first sheriff says.
“Could you set up the paper work and tell Mr. and Mrs. Presario that Eileen has found her parents?” Brad asks.
“Of course,” says the second sheriff.
“We have a long journey ahead of us and we should be going,” I say, not knowing how much longer we have until we dematerialize.
The first officer shakes his head, “Everything will be taken care of,” the first officer says shaking Brad’s hand.  “Have a safe journey.”
“Thank you. Eileen, Lily, lets go,” Brad says taking the younger Eileen’s hand and wrapping his arm around my shoulder.
“Wait, I’ll be right back,” little Eileen says and runs up the stairs.  When she comes back she has something in her arms, “I almost forgot my bag.”
We walk back quickly through the woods to the shed.  
When we get there little Eileen pulls me aside asking, “Can I talk to you for a minute?”
“Sure.” I say looking at Brad as we walk a little ways.
“Does he,” referring to Brad, “try to kill me in the future?”
“It’s a long story.  Wait, how do you know?” Did I go into the future when I was younger?
“I don’t.  I just caught it in his thoughts when he was in my head.”
I relax at that, “Well just forget about knowing what will happen.  You’ll understand when you get there.”
“Okay,” she says a little disappointed.  Then she smiles and pulls me down so I can hear her better, “Does he become my boyfriend?”
A little surprised I laugh, “I don’t think so.”
“Oh,” she said with a shrug of her shoulders, “too bad, he’s really cute,” she says.
“He is, isn’t he?  But you will find a great boyfriend.  Everything has a way of working itself out.”
“Okay well I guess it’s time to go,” she says handing me a bag.  She has another one in her hand.  “I don’t think Elaina will care that I took these.  They wouldn’t fit her anyway.  I put your books in there as well.  Don’t look until you get back.  It’s a surprise.”
I nod, “Be safe.  You know how to get home from Elm Street?”
“Yep,” the younger me says as she dematerializes when waving goodbye to Brad and I.
“Ready?” I ask him.
He doesn’t say anything.  Instead he slips his hand into mine and gently squeezes it three times.
I squeeze his three times back.  I’m not really sure what it means but it seems to be a fitting gesture. Then we start to go back.
I think about what the younger me said.  If Brad became my boyfriend in the future would it be so bad?  Knowing we are almost back home I take his other hand and pull him close.  This time when we materialize Brad doesn’t fall.
“Thanks,” he says.
“No problem.”
He looks into my eyes, mirroring the slight sadness at the thought of going back to how things were. “So I guess you better get back home.”
I nod, “Yeah, my excuse can only be believable if I do.”
“Okay well…I’m sorry you didn’t get your outfit back.”
I stop then look at the bag, “The little Eileen gave me this bag.  Maybe it’s in here.”  I look inside.  Underneath the books there are three dresses from the armoire and the aqua dress Elaina said I could keep.  My outfit slash dress that Brad made wasn’t included.  “What is my mom going to say, better yet what am I going to say?”
“Come on,” he says taking my hand.
I resist his pull, cringing a little because of my feelings for him.
“Just follow me.”
I follow him around the back of the clubhouse.  There isn’t anything there except a random wall that seems to belong to an old fallen down building. Brad puts his hand on the wall.  A door slides to the side that I could have sworn wasn’t there before.
We step inside and a robotic voice says, “Welcome back Sergeant Trinity.  Hello Agent East.  How may I be of service?”
“Can you make Agent East a replica outfit of what she was wearing before the mission?” Brad asks.
“Please?” then I add to Brad when he gives me a strange look, “I was just being polite.”
“Anything for Miss East.  Would either of you like a drink while you are waiting?”
“No thank you.” Brad says.
“How about you Miss East?”
“No thank you.  I’m in somewhat of a hurry.”
“If you want to change, you can go through the black curtain to your left.”
“Thank you,” I get dressed and walk out of the dressing room.  “Thank you…umm…what do you call her?”
“You can call me AMY. You’re welcome.  Drive safely!  I hope to see you again.” The robotic voice says.
Brad and I walk out the door.  I watch it close and go back to being a wall with no hint of a secret door.  Then we walk over to my car.  “On the bright side, I have a dress for prom and I didn’t need to buy anything,” I laugh half-heartedly.
Brad’s jaw drops, “After that experience you’re going to wear one of her dresses?”
“You have to move on from the past.  Besides it should bring back good memories shouldn’t it?  I’ll remember we saved my younger life together.”
We both laugh.
“That sounds kind of weird doesn’t it?” I say smiling at him.  I open the trunk of my car and take out my racer style jacket.
“How fitting?” Brad laughs.
“Ha, ha.” I slip on my jacket, fold the collar, and flip my hair to the side.  “How do I look?”
“You look great,” he says with a smile.
“Good,” I smile back.
“You look perfect.”
We stand there silently for a moment not really sure what to do.
“Well I guess I better go.  My mom will be getting worried.”
“Right,” he nods.
I give him a hug and take my keys out.  Brad opens my door for me but I don’t get in yet.  I feel like there is something I’m not saying.  Something I need to say.
“Brad I…I,” looking at the ground I don’t know how to put my feelings into words.
Looking confused he asks, “What?”
“Umm.  Nothing.  Never mind.  Well you see…I.  I don’t know.”
“You’re rambling.”
“I know.  Just forget it, I don’t know what I was trying to say.  I guess I was…”
I can’t finish that sentence and not because I don’t know what to say.  Brad pulls me to him and kisses me.  At first I am tense and shocked, and then I relax.  I feel like I am as light as a feather, just floating on air.  I’ve never felt this way before.  This is my first kiss and I couldn’t be happier with it.  Why do I feel this way with Brad?  It is so…wonderful.  But it’s wrong.  He still thinks I have a boyfriend.
I pull away a little ashamed and confused.
“I’m sorry! I shouldn’t…”
I put up my hand to stop him.  “Thanks Brad.  For everything, but I really need to go.”  I get in my car, pull out of the parking lot and head home.
When I get in the house I hang up my keys and walk into mom’s game of twenty questions at the kitchen table.
“Did you give that nice boy your notes?” she asks stirring creamer into her coffee.
“Yes, mom.” I say to her, rolling my eyes.
“Do want to date him?”
“I thought you liked Jared and you told me I needed to get back with him so as not to break his heart.”
“Come on dear this is high school!  High school is a very small part of our lives.  You have plenty of time in the future for love.  Besides Jared gets D’s and F’s every now and then.  That is not a good example for you.  Do you want a cookie?”
“Before dinner?” I ask.
“Oh right.  What was I thinking?  Lily you need someone that is intelligent.”
“Like a collage professor?” I ask, thinking she might be crazy enough to say yes.
“No. That’s too old Lily.  I wouldn’t mind someone who graduated early though.  I would say a maximum of three years older than you.  This guy isn’t shorter than you is he?  That just looks terrible.  Is he blond perhaps?  Those are the cutest.”
“Thanks for the tip mom,” I say sarcastically.  She is right though.  Brad is blonde and he’s taller than me…
“Your welcome dear, but that doesn’t answer my question,” she says to my back as I walk out of the kitchen.
I walk up the stairs and plop down on the bed.  No sooner than I lay my head down my phone starts ringing.  I don’t really want to talk on the phone right now.  I look at my cell.  It’s Nicky; she is my best and only friend.  I can talk to her no matter how upset or confused I am.
“Hey Nicky.”
“Hey Lily,” she says a little too calmly.
“What’s up?  Is everything okay?”
She pauses then says, “I just wasn’t sure if you wanted to talk about it with me.”
“I can talk to you about anything.” She knows that.
“Okay then.  I just wanted to see how you were with the whole Jared and Tina thing.”
“What thing?” I’m confused.
“Cassidy talked to Jared who told him he was breaking up with you because he liked Tina better.  Cassidy told Jessie, then Jessie told Riana, then Riana told me.  I just want you to know I’m here for you if…”
“What?” That’s all?
“Cassidy talked to Jared who…”
“No, no.  I heard what you said I’m just surprised.  He hadn’t talk to me about Tina, but we already broke up.”
“I’m so sorry I thought you knew about Tina.  So why did you break up?”
“It’s okay.  I’m kind of relived actually.  Besides I’m always the last to know everything anyway.  I knew he still liked her.  We broke up because I wasn’t ready to kiss him when he was ready.  If I’m going to be in a relationship, it needs to be one that means something.”
“You always have a way to move on.”
“Yeah, I feel… free.” Free for what?
“Good.  At least we are only in high school.  We shouldn’t be crying over guys.”
“Right,” I laugh. “I’m going to take a nap.  It’s been a long day for me.”
“Kay! Talk to you later girly!”
I fall asleep as soon as I get off the phone with Nicky.  Suddenly I wake up to the sound of Eminem blaring from a sub woofer out front.  I look at my clock it’s 9:30 pm.  I can’t believe I slept all day.  The doorbell rings.  I walk downstairs and open the door.  It is Chad, the school’s quarterback.
“I heard you and Jared broke up,” he says.
I nod.  Why is he at my house?
“That’s too bad.  I was wondering if you wanted to go to a party or something to cheer you up.”
My cell phone starts ringing, “Can you excuse me for a second?” I ask Chad.
He nods.
“Please make yourself at home.” I tell him.  I answer my phone, “Hello?”
“You are going to go to Iraq, September eighth 2001 at three a.m.; travel time in forty min.  You’ll be looking for the plans on a terrorist attack.”
“Thanks for the warning,” I say under my breath.
“Goodbye and good luck.”
I walk into my mom’s room.  She’s watching It’s a Wonderful Life.
“Hey mom, can I go to a party with Chad?” I ask.
“Who is Chad?”
“The quarterback.” I say knowing she will say yes because she is friends with his mother.
“Of course dear.  Have fun.”
I walk down stairs, “She said I can go.”
“Great, lets go!” he puts his hand on my back and leads me out the door.
We have been driving around for a while with the music turned up pretty loud.  For some reason I don’t think we are going to a party.  He seems like he needs to talk about something really important.  Someone probably told him I was a good listener and give good advice.  I pretend to tie my shoe and set my hologram on the floor.  I only have thirty more seconds.
Blackout.  This time seems different.  Something isn’t going the way it is supposed to.  Everything looks like a slide show of two movies at once that I am actually in.  I hear the sound of guns going off.  I scream from an excruciating pain in my arm.  
“My arm!  It hurts!  Chad what going on?”  Bright lights are all around me.  Everything goes black again.  I smell smoke.  I still feel severe pain in my arm.  I hear sirens.  I taste blood in my mouth.  I am so tired.  I think I’m falling asleep.  Well why not?  If something goes wrong Chad will wake me up.


Chapter Five
____________________
Beep… Beep…Beep…  What is that?  Why is everything so dark?
“Hello?  Is anyone there?” I ask with a scratchy dry voice.
“Lily?  Oh thank God!” someone says.
“Who is that?  Where are you?  Why is it so dark?”  I don’t hear anything except the annoying beeping sound.  A warm hand cups my chin and a tear hits my cheek.  “Brad?  Is that you?”
“Yeah, it’s me.”
“Where am I?”
Another tear falls onto my cheek as he says, “In the hospital.”
“Why?  What happened?”
“You were in a car accident just before you time traveled.”
“Oh no!  Why can’t I see anything?”
“I don’t know.  You were shot in the arm.  The paramedics couldn’t do anything but wrap it.  The surgeon couldn’t remove the bullet.  It was almost like you had a protective force coating your skin.”
I try to swallow, but can’t, “How long have I been here?”
“Four years.”
“Four years?  No!”
He says in a calm voice rubbing my cheek with his thumb, “You were in a coma.  Let me go get a doctor, so they can have a look at your arm.”
I catch his wrist as he pulls away.  What am I thinking? I don’t want him to see me cry.  I let go.  “Tell the doctor to go ahead and cut it out.  I can take it.”
“I can’t take it,” he yells angrily.
I’m confused, “What are you talking about?”
“I just got you back!  I’ve been by your side everyday for four years helpless.  Watching and waiting for you to open your eyes and be okay.”  With a more gentle voice he says, “I can’t sit here and see you hurt any longer.”
“Okay,” I say turning my head towards his voice.
I hear him walk away.  When his footsteps fade I start to cry.  Blind how can I be blind?  What will I do if I time travel?  I try sitting up and bending my legs.  That’s when I notice something in my hand.  It feels smooth and cool to the touch.  Is it a stone?  All my muscles feel stiff and sore.  I rest my chin on my knees, rub the stone with my fingers, and let the tears poor down my face.  Even though I hear footsteps, I can’t stop.
“Hello, I am Dr. Kota,” he says sounding friendly.  “We should probably call your mother,” he suggests.
I nod not really feeling up to talking.
“Do you want me to call her?” the doctor asks.
I nod again.
“I’ll give you the number,” Brad says.
Sitting here it is easy to tune out Brad and Dr. Kota.  All I can think about is the past four years…the years I missed out on because I was in a coma.  What about school?  What about Brad and me?  How has my mom handled being so alone for so long?  If try to direct my thoughts elsewhere and study the stone with my hands.  I’m starting to notice it isn’t completely smooth.  There is something etched into its surface.  After a while I feel someone sit down beside me and take my hand.  I can tell it is Brad’s.  Thankfully he stays silent, letting me take all of this in.
Suddenly I hear someone run into my room.  They sit on the other side of my bed and pull me into a hug.
“Oh sweetheart, you’re awake!  I can’t believe this!  It has been so long…” my mother says crying and stumbling through her words.
I hug her back letting go of Brad’s hand.  When she pulls back and stands up Brad stands too.
“I’ll give you two a moment.  I’ll be just outside if you need me Lily,” he says.
I nod and hear the door close behind him.
“They called me at work and I was so shocked it took me a moment to process what happened.  I came here as soon as I could.  I’m so happy to see you awake honey,” Mom says.
I turn to where I think my mother is standing and say, “Mom, there is something I need to tell you.”
I feel my bed compress at my side.  My mother strokes my face and says, “What is it dear?”
I’m not sure how she will take the news of my blindness, so I hesitate.
“Go on dear, tell me.  What’s wrong?  Nothing could be worse than what we’ve been through for the last four years.”
I cover my face with my hands, still holding onto the stone for comfort, and breathe in a deep breath.  “I can’t see Mom.  I’m blind.”
Several minuets go by in silence.  The bed decompresses and footsteps move across the room towards the door.  A breeze of hospital sterilized floors pass by my nose and then the door closes.
“Mom?” I say, not sure if she is still in the room.  But no one answers.
Brad enters my room and gently takes my hand.  “I’m sorry about your mom.  She is overwhelmed with everything.  She has been working two jobs in order to pay your medical bills and has barely slept or ate since your accident.”
I change the subject not wanting to talk about that for the moment.  “Brand, what is this in my hand?  It feels like a stone.”
“It is a stone.  Do you remember the mission we went on together?  The one where we stopped the kidnappers?”
I nod.
“I found that when Alfred took me into the shed.  It is a time stone.  I took it with me to give to you.  Since you are a time manipulator I thought you might enjoy the history of time stones.  When we got back I didn’t get the chance to give it to you yet.  So I had my friend Dante engrave a lily on it for you.  Kind of like your on stone signature.”
I smile slightly, “Thank you Brad.  That was really sweet of you.  What is a time stone exactly?”
“The time stone is guessed to have originated in Scotland.  There was a clan rumored to have the power to manipulate time and they would engrave the symbol of their clan on stones as a symbol of their power.  When a child of the clan performed a successful venture they would get a special symbol of their own engraved on the other side of their time stone.  There was barely a symbol left of the Graham Clan but Dante touched it up.  We aren’t sure which family it is but we are fairly certain of the clan.  I thought the Lily was only fitting for you.”
“Thank you Brad.  I love it.”  I silently feel the engravings on both sides finally able to feel the image of the lily and a falcon on the other.  Then I remember Mom, “I can’t let Mom keep going on like this.  I need to get back to work.”  I start to throw the blankets off of my legs to get dressed when Brad stops me.
“Don’t!  Don’t move out of that bed!”  He pushes me back against the pillow and pulls the covers up over my legs.  “Just accept the fact you can’t do everything for yourself right now.  Lily I love you and you need to let your mom, this doctor and I help you!”
“Get out.” I say so quietly he can hardily hear me.
“What?”
“I said get out,” I say needing a moment to myself.
“Alright,” he says with a loving voice.
When I hear the door shut behind him I let myself cry.  Why is this happening to me?  I feel so alone.  I want to be normal again.  Ha, who am I kidding?  I have never been normal.  Oh, but what I would give to have my eyesight back.
The sound of expensive shoes hitting the hard tile floor echoes around my room.  The doctor sits down on the chair next to me and pats my shoulder.  “It’ll be okay,” he says.  “The bullet has been lodged into your arm for so long, I don’t think we could remove it without possibly causing paralysis.  There’s a big risk to take it out, but if we don’t, you could die from infection.
I wipe my tears, “Dr. Kota, let’s start it now.  I want drugs, I don’t want to feel any of it.”
“Alright.  I’ll get you a wheelchair.”
I just nod and do whatever he tells me to do, as the tears still slowly glide down my cheeks.  I need to be strong.
A day later I am in the recovery room.  Hearing a TV and wishing I could see it.  I reach my sore arm and rub it lightly.  I am so afraid I will be paralyzed and afraid to move it.  I try moving my fingers first.  I can’t tell if they are moving because I can’t see.  I reach to where my hand is and find it ice-cold to the touch.
“Move fingers!” I shout.  Nothing happens.  My ice-cold fingers aren’t moving.  Again I let the tears flow, feeling sorry for myself.  Just then I hear little kids outside my room laughing, and playing with the other kids that are in recovery. I miss being a kid and carefree.  Thinking the world is good and kind.  The door to my room shuts suddenly and I can barely hear the laughter.
“Hi Eileen, I’m the nurse on duty and need to check your stiches,” she proceeds to lift the gauze from my arm with precision.  
I can tell she has been doing this for a very long time.  She hits the trashcan with her foot, which startles me a bit.  
“Okay Eileen.  We are all done for today.  If you need anything, just hit the nurse button,” she says more chipper on her way out.
I nod.  I don’t understand how people can be so happy, while I’m laying here blind and have no feeling in my arm.  How will I get through this?
The next day, after a sleepless night, I have a nurse help me to the courtyard so I can feel the sun on my face.  As I’m enjoying the warmth on my eyes a lightweight object strikes my knee.  I catch it with my good hand and inspect the object.  It’s Styrofoam with wings.  It’s a plane.  
Quickly as it arrived, it’s snatched away.  A boy’s voice says, “Sorry for hitting you with my plane,” he waits for my response.
“No problem.  How old are you?” I ask him.
“Nine,” he says with confidence.
I remember being nine and feeling so unsure about myself.  I’m sure the time travel helped with those insecurities.
“Would you like to hear a story?” I say with excitement.  Children have always made me feel energized and alive with their immediate acceptance.
“Sure,” he says plopping himself down on the pavers.
I adjust myself in my chair and pretend to have a serious look on my face.  “Well, here it goes,” I begin.  “There is this girl who has a special gift.  Her name is Claire.  She can travel through time.  One day, she materialized into Area 57.”
“Area 57?” the boy asks.
“Yes 57, Area 51 is no more. Anyway she was only nineteen and she could kick some serious butt.  A soldier shot her while she was there and even though he tried to kill her she fell in love with him.  She didn’t want him to know though.  You can’t just tell someone you love them, if you are going to end up leaving them anyway.  She finds out that Area 57 is holding her until the FBI arrives to get her.  Not wanting to wait around for that, she escapes through the ventilation system.  To exit the building, she must jump to the ground below her.  The landing causes her to jar her legs so bad she can hardily walk.  Continuing to move quickly, she crawls her way to the gate. As she tries to grab the fence and pull herself through the gate, an electric shock hits her whole body.  Trying to ignore the jolt, she keeps going, because Claire never gives up.  Claire gets herself through the gate and thinks she is free.  But the soldier she loves goes through the gate, lifts her into his arms and takes her back into enemy territory.”
“Why? That is such a horrible ending,” another little boy says.
“You seem to have an audience,” a nurse says.
While I thought I was only telling my story to the nine-year-old boy, a small group of children joined him on the ground to listen.
“Oh goodness, an audience,” I smile.  “Hello everyone,” I say with a little more joy in my voice than I had earlier.  “Let me finish my story.  The soldier helps her form a contract with the FBI, so that she can be free while still working for them.  She goes on many missions back into time to solve mysteries and once she even stopped a kidnapping.  The soldier she fell in love with helped her on that mission.  Then he fell in love with her too.  They were the perfect match.  But just when they were going to be together forever she is in a plane crash on a mission in Brazil.”
“Did she live?” a little girl asks with a teary voice.
I wait a few seconds.  I hear some of the kids whimper their sadness. “Yes she lives.”
All the little kids clap and say their hip-hip-hooray’s.
The first little boy who spoke asks, “What happens next?”
“Well the soldier pulls her from the crash.  He takes her to the doctor and when she is all better he takes her to a garden with lots and lots of fire lilies and sets out a picnic lunch for her.  After they are done eating they go on a long walk to the river and watch the birds fly around the treetops.  The sky has a few clouds and the sun is peeking behind the horizon.  As the sun is setting, the sky casts the shades of a rainbow on the water’s surface.  The soldier gets down on one knee and asks her one question.”
“What does he ask her?” all the little kids plead at different times.
When they settle down I say, “He asks her the question that is the most wonderful question in the world.  It only has four words.  He asked, ‘Will you marry me?’”
“What did Claire say?”  They chimed in with excitement.
“She said, yes,” I say with a sad tone I can’t seem to hide.  I feel the tears come down my face.  I call out to the nurse and she comes to my side.  “I’m ready to go inside now,” I tell her.
The cool air-conditioned room feels so good to my arm, reducing the pain a little.  I enjoy the silence of the room for a little while that is only interrupted by the steady beeping sound of the vital machines.  
Not long after Dr. Kota enters my room and clears his throat, “Well, looks like you had quite the fan club out there.”
“I really love children and the way they listen to my stories.  They don’t analysis it like adults do.  They just accept it and move on to the next thing,” I recline my head on my pillow with exhaustion.
“You need to rest.  Call if you need me.  You are healing better than I expected,” he says.
“But, Doc,” I say lowering my head to my bad arm, “I can’t feel my arm, other than pain at times.  Is the pain a good sign or a bad one?”
The doctor stands at the side of me, examining my arm. “Try moving your fingers,” he says with concern.
I concentrate on my first finger.  Move darn it!  Move!
The doctor sees my frustration on my face and says, “Let’s have you rest a while and try it again once you’ve woken up.  You’re tired.  You will have more energy after your nap.”
“Thank you,” I say as I hear him start to walk out of the room.  “Really, thanks.”
“You’re welcome.  I know it’s hard for you being blind.  My wife was.  She had a really hard time when she lost her sight from a high fever.  I was there for her every minute of it.  I taught her how to read Braille, how to find her way around the house, and how to cope with it.
I wonder how she felt about being blind, “What happened to her?”
“She was stabbed on her way to a check up.  This guy wanted her purse.  It was the one time I didn’t walk with her because I had classes that day.”
“I am so sorry…”
“No, it’s fine.  It is good to talk about it.  I know it wasn’t my fault.  I am just glad she had a little freedom before it happened.  She always had an escort everywhere.”
Will I have to be like that?  I try to picture her in my head, “I bet she was beautiful.”
“She was,” he says bitter sweetly.
“Thank you for sharing doctor.” I yawn thinking about a woman walking for the first time by herself.  Not seeing in a usual sense but feeling, tasting and smelling the scenery, all with a smile on her face.  “I hope I’m as courageous as she,” I say as I start to drift off to sleep.

Chapter Six
____________________
“Eileen…Eileen.  You need to take some more medicine,” the nurse says gently.
“Is it tomorrow already?” I ask.
“Yes, and rumors of your story time yesterday have spread like wild fire.  There are children who want to hear another one today if you’re up to it,” the nurse says.
I yawn and smile, “Well, bring them on in when they are ready.  I’d like the distraction.”
Within minutes I hear the children shushing each other in their eagerness so I can begin.  I smile at their excitement, then…
With a deep breath I begin my story, my voice like a symphony conducted by me, “This story is about a girl and her cat.  The young girl’s name was Alana and she had violet eyes the same as her feline friend.  They were the best of friends…”
After the story the children leave to get back to their daily routine.  My nurse takes me outside for some fresh air after changing the bandage on my arm again.  Listening to the birds, the laughter of children, and the leaves rustling in the trees makes me feel like I can see again.  The image of the courtyard pulses in my mind when I hear someone walk across the pavers or the creak of a bench when someone sits down.  Smiling at the image I touch my bad arm with my good hand trying to feel it.  My smile falters when I notice I still don’t have feeling in my arm.  It is cold and lifeless resting in my lap.  Being blind is hard enough but not being able to use my arm on top of that…  How am I going to be able to live my life?  I let a tear fall not bothering to wipe it away and tell the nurse I am ready to go inside.  
Doctor Kota comes in to look at my arm.  I can tell he is worried that there is no progress.  He tries to give me slight comfort; “The blood is circulating well so that is the good news.  We need to exercise the muscles in your arm until you can move it on your own.  We don’t want them to get too stiff.  I’ll have the physical therapist come in to work with you.”
“So you think I will be able to move it then?  You don’t think it will stay the way it is?” I ask afraid of the answer.
The only noise is the beeping of my vital machines for a good while.  I start counting to keep my mind off of the idea my arm might never be mobile again.  1. 2. 3. 4…10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15…
Then he sighs, “I wish I knew the answer to that Eileen.  More than likely… you will not be able to use it again, but there is still hope and we are not going to give up,” he says taking my good hand and giving it a reassuring squeeze.
Sadly, it isn’t reassuring at all.  “When will the therapist come by?” I ask trying to seem optimistic.  Even if it doesn’t help, it isn’t like I have anything better to do while I am here.
“She will come by after you eat something.  Get your energy up first.  Every little bit helps.  Tonight there will be another doctor on the floor but I am on call if you need to talk to me,” he offers.
“On call?” I ask confused.  “But you’ve been here for the past four days.  Have you even gotten any sleep? Why would you be on call?”
He laughs, “I do get some sleep here at night you know.  But you are right.  I normally wouldn’t be on call.  But your nurses know I am on call for you tonight.”
I take in a sharp breath surprised, “For me?  Why?  I’m not a high risk patient or anything.”
“Because I know how hard this is for you.  I know you don’t have any support from home or otherwise right now and I want you to know that someone is there if you need to talk.  When my wife lost her sight there were many nights I spent awake with her so I could listen to her express her loss.  When she was done crying and talking I would take her out on midnight walks so I could describe everything I saw, so she could see again through my eyes.   I know losing your sight isn’t easy.  And you shouldn’t have to bare it alone.  So yes Eileen, I’m on call if you need me.”
I don’t say anything for a while but I start to cry, “Thank you Doc.  That means a lot.  I’ll call you if I need to but don’t worry, get some rest.  I’m sure I’ll be fine.”
“You’re a brave, strong young woman Lily.  I know you’re going to be all right.  You’ll pull through and you’ll learn how to live independently again.  It’ll take time, but I know you can do it.  I’m going to go speak with the PT then head home.  You have a good night Eileen.”  He opens the door to leave.
“Thanks, you too Doc,” I say really appreciating what he said.
When the physical therapist comes I start to zone out feeling like I am on autopilot as I try to absorb all that has happened to me since the car accident and the shooting.  For the next three days I do the daily routine not really concentrating on what’s going on.  Instead my mind wanders.  I missed four years of my life.  I missed out on Prom, college, life at home with my mom, possible dates with Brad…  Now I’ve pushed Brad away, my mom can’t stand to look at me, and I have no one but the hospital staff and the children who listen to my stories everyday.  The worst part is, I’m useless.  I can’t see and my right arm is dead at my side.
A week has gone by since my surgery and I am just finishing a story I was sharing with the children when I hear someone enter the room. 
“Miss East may I talk to you privately?” the male voice sounds familiar.
I nod, “Of course.”
The nurse says in a slightly concerned voice, “Okay children.  Story time is over.”  She must be confused why this person would be visiting me; “I’ll come and check on you in a few minutes Eileen.”  No one has visited me since Brad left, since before my surgery.
“Thank you,” I say to the nurse.
When the door closes the man who came in walks over to the side of my bed.
“What is it you wish to talk about?” I ask.  He doesn’t say anything.  Where do I know his voice from and why is he so quiet?  “We better hurry up.  My nurse will be returning soon.”
Another moment of silence, then he says, “I was sent to make sure you really were blind and could not time travel.”
“Oh,” I start to feel my heart beat faster with sadness at the words he just spoke, “You know I almost forgot I was blind for a moment.  The stories give me energy and it is like I can see them in my head.  Can you imagine almost forgetting what a color looks like?  I guess it is a good thing I can’t time travel, right?  I can’t see anyone or anything.” I cry a little.  I have always hated the fact that I can time travel, but now it seems part of me is gone.
“I am sorry Miss East.  I wish there was something I could do,” he sounds sincere.
“Me too,” I wipe my tears.
“I really must be going,” he gets up from the chair.
“Wait.  Can you tell me how the Trinity’s are? Did they get the information on the terrorist mission?”
“Better ask Brad,” he says.
I feel my hand start shaking and grasp the blanket tightly to try to calm nerves, “He…He…umm…hasn’t comeback.”
There is a long pause before he says, “Oh.”
“Has his dad heard from him at all?” I ask in desperation.  It would be nice to hear some kind of news of him.
“No.  We just thought he was here.”
Oh no.  My heart rate picks up slightly and I feel a little sick.  Where has he gone?  Will he ever come back?  “Well I’m sure he’s fine.  You think he’s fine right?  Maybe I should call him or…”
“I don’t think it will be much help.  He won’t answer his phone.  Maybe he’ll answer if you call though,” he says the last part realizing he probably just shot down any hope I had.
“Oh…where is time travel when you need it?  If only I could go back a week ago I could take back what I said.  I shouldn’t have told him to get out.  I just didn’t want him to see me cry.  I hate when people can see me cry.  I don’t want them to think I’m weak.”
“I would never think you were weak Miss East.  Not after what I saw you do in area 57.  I saw you jump from the vent and craw your way to the gate.  I had no idea a girl of such a young age could have such determination.  That was amazing.  I have never looked at women as the weaker of our species since.”
So that’s why I recognize his voice, “Thank you Tom.”
“My pleasure…wait how do you know my name?”
“I heard you and the other guard lady talking before I jumped out of the vent.  She was talking about the FBI wanting to run tests on me.”
“Oh.  That is some good memory.”
I nod, if only I could remember what everything looks like, “It is all I have left.  Do you know if my mother is okay?  It’s just, now she works two jobs and I haven’t seen her or heard from her since I woke from my coma.  The doctor said she was here every Tuesday and Thursday for the first year.  Then the bills got to be too much for her, so she had to work. 
“She’s fine.  Actually we have a little surprise for her.  She won the lottery and so we are going to present it to her.  She has only bought one ticket in the past 5 months and yesterday she won.”
“How do you know?  The lottery comes on tomorrow.”
“Statistics.  Dante is really smart and he always knows who will win.” 
I feel more tears, this time of happiness for my mother.  Maybe this will help her heal a little.  Especially after all she’s been through due to my accident, “Wow.  That’s great.  So now my mom won’t need to work.  Thanks for letting me know.  I really appreciate it!”
“Anything for the Legendary Miss East,” he smiles through his words.
“Oh I have something for you to take back.  Do you see a bag over on the wall?  In my right shoe I have my hologram. I think I got the information while I was in a coma.  I know that sounds weird but I just kind of have this feeling I finished that assignment.  I just can’t remember.”
 “I’ll take a look and send you word about it.  I need to get going.  Thank you Miss East.”
“Thank you Tom.  Be careful!”
“I will,” he walks out and closes my door behind him.
Before I even know it I fall asleep.  About an hour later someone pulling on my hospital sleeve awakens me.  It turns out to be one of the children asking for another story.  Of course I can’t say no to him.  When the other children come back I share one more story.  My voice is sore from the story telling - and possibly the long nights crying.  It is nice though.  The children make me feel like there is something to live for.  
Using the phone by my bed I call my mom feeling the buttons before I press them and hoping I don’t misdial. 
“Hello?” she asks quiet sleepily.
“Hi Mom.  It’s me Lily.”
She starts to cry, “Oh Lily. You’re awake!  Oh, I’m so glad.”
“What?”
“You finally came out of the coma.”
“Mom, I have been out of a coma for a week now.  You were here, but then you left…”
“Oh my God.” She pauses.  “I’m so sorry Lily.  I thought that was all a dream…  I didn’t know how to deal with your situation and didn’t want to say the wrong thing.  Please forgive me Lily.  I have been working two jobs.  I get home at mid-night.  I am so tired I can’t even go up the stairs to go to bed.   I have just been sleeping on the couch.  When can you come home?”
I guess I can understand her trying to forget it ever happened.  I would if I could, “I had an operation on my arm.  I needed to get the bullet cut out of it.”
“Lily…I am such a bad mother…I don’t know how to handle all of this.  Once I started to get final notices I knew I really needed to buckle down and work.  Then when you told me you couldn’t see… I just couldn’t take it all.”
“There is nothing to forgive.  Mom, you have done so much for me.  You have given up your life so you can work and pay for me to get better.  We are both going to have to cope with my blindness but it will work out as long as we have each other.  I promise.”
“Oh darling, my precious angel, I am so sorry I wasn’t there with you”
“Mom, can you promise me something?” I ask.
She sounds as if she smiles at that, “I can try.”
“If something happens tomorrow sometime around your lunch break will you come visit me?”
“Why would something happen then?”
I smile, “I just have a feeling.”
“Good or bad?
“Good.  Really good,” I give a big smile through the phone hoping she can hear it.
“Alright I promise.  I need to get back to work honey.  I love you!”
“I love you too Mom,” I say hanging up the phone and laying my head back on the pillow.
I breathe with relief when I hear someone enter my room.  How am I just now realizing that someone visited me last night while I was sleeping?  This must be the same person.  I hear them gently pull out the chair and sit down.
Then I say in a solid voice, “Who’s there?”
They don’t say anything.
“Don’t act like you aren’t there, I heard you come in.  You came in here last night too, didn’t you?  What do you want from me?”
The person slowly gets up, puts the chair back and takes a step toward the door.
“Don’t you dare leave without telling me your name.”
They keep walking.  I sit up quickly, slip off the bed and try my best to walk to the door.  I trip over something and land on my bad arm.  I fall on it and I still can’t feel it!  I scramble to my feet and move again for the door.  “Who are you?  Why won’t you say anything?  Do you enjoy hurting me like this?  Just because I am blind does not mean I can’t see you are a coward.  So scared of a girl who can’t see.  The next time you come in my room without letting me be more than aware of your presence I’ll call the police, and if that doesn’t work…”
“Okay.  I get it,” he says.
“Brad?”
“Yeah it’s me,” He takes my good hand and pulls me towards him.  He gives me a hug.
I draw back, startled by his secrecy.  “You jerk.  How could you do that to me?  I thought you were dead.” I pull him into a tight hug, with my good arm, crying into his shoulder.  “I’m so glad to finally hold you.  I just wanted you to leave, as in to sit in the waiting room for an hour, so I could cry.  I hate when you see me cry.  I hate when anyone sees me cry.  I guess now I am more immune to it.  I’m not as embarrassed, since I can’t see anything.  I was scared.”
He pulls back, “You were scared?”
I nod. “Yes.  I’m just normally brave about it.  I can handle getting shot at and breaking bones but I can’t handle being blind and heart broken.”
He pulls me back into a hug, “I’m sorry I worried you so much and that I wasn’t here for you.  I didn’t think you wanted me here.  I thought you were mad because I said I loved you.  I thought you must still love Jared.”
“About that… I was never in love with him.  Jared broke up with me before the mission.  I tried to tell you, but you just assumed I had a boyfriend.  It seemed easier than explaining to you my rules that I have set for myself.  Rules I set to protect myself from men.  The last time we saw each other at my car, you know, after the mission?  That was my first kiss.  That is why Jared broke up with me.  He broke up with me because I wasn’t ready to kiss him, because I didn’t love him.  Brad, I love you.  I loved from that first mission.  I loved you when you carried me to the helicopter.  I still love you.   I know I’m just your assignment.  But I feel so relieved to finally say, I love you.” I feel so full of emotion that my head is spinning.  I step back from him and slowly try to find my way back to my bed with the little dignity I have left.
Unexpectedly, he turns me around to face him again, “Of course I still love you!”  He picks me up and gives me the most passionate kiss I have ever encountered.  Fireworks go off in my head and my heart is pounding so hard; I think it will come out of my chest.  I feel as light as a feather.  I feel as though I fit perfectly into his arms, as though we were made for this kiss.
Still kissing me he lies me down on the bed. Then we part.  “You need your rest.  I’ll be here when you wake up.”
“Can’t I have a good night kiss?” I smile in the direction of his voice.
He bends down and gives me an even sweeter kiss than that of the one before.  I forgot that joy like this could exist after all the pain my heart has gone through.  He pulls the blanket over me, up to my chin and kisses my forehead.  “Goodnight Lily.”
“Goodnight.  Wait, Brad, what ever happened to Chad?  You, know, the guy who was driving.”
A sound comes from Brad that could almost be described as a growl, “He didn’t get more than a scratch on him.  He’s off at some out of state collage on a football scholarship.”
Nodding, “That’s good.  I’m glad he didn’t die in the accident.  We never did get around to talking about whatever it was he needed to say.”
Brad sighs, “Whatever it was isn’t important now and you shouldn’t worry about it.  Just get some rest.”  As I relax into the pillow his fingers trail across my cheek in a light caress just before I fall asleep.
I dream Brad and I are walking through a garden and having a picnic.  Just like one of the stories I told the children.  We go to the river and he kisses me passionately again like he did tonight.  Then when I open my eyes I can see again.  I can see Brad’s eyes.  Wait.  What color are Brad’s eyes?  I can’t remember the color of his eyes.  
“Wake up Eileen.  Eileen I think you having a nightmare.  I need to change your bandage,” the nurse says.
I sit up, “Brad?  Brad where are you?”
“Who is Brad dear?”
“Well…he is my soldier,” I whisper to her.  “He was here last night.  He said he would be here when I woke up.”  I’m frantic with worry and fear.
“Maybe it was just a dream dear,” she sounds sympathetic.
“No; it couldn’t have been.  I tripped over something on the floor and I fell on my arm,” I point to the general area that I fell.  “It didn’t feel it but it had to be real.  He carried me back to my bed.  I can’t see where I’m going, so I couldn’t have found my way back that easily.”
The nurse looks at my arm.  “It is pretty bruised and your bandage is ripped.  You definitely hit it on something.  Maybe he just went to the bathroom.  I’m sure he’ll be back.  Can you tell me what he looks like?”
“He is over six feet tall.  His hair is a golden blonde cut short.  He has tan skin.  I think he is wearing a t-shirt.  Yes, he was wearing a t-shirt and jeans.  I don’t remember what color his eyes were.  He smells like snuggle fabric softener and Paul Sebastian men’s cologne.”
“That is good enough I think.  I’ll let the staff know,” the nurse says.
“Thank you.  Wait!  What is your name?”
“Lacey.”
Nodding I say, “Thank you Lacey.”
“You’re welcome Eileen.”  Lacey pats my hand; “I’ll be right back to change your bandage.”
“Okay.”  I lay my head down, but I just can’t sleep. 
A little finger pokes my good shoulder, “Claire!  Claire!  I found your soldier! He was by the coffee machine talking to a very excited lady.  I brought both of them to see you.”
“Who might you be?” I ask, sitting up with a smile.
“I’m Charlie,” the little boy says.  I can imagine him rocking back and forth on his feet.
“Well Charlie, thank you very much.  You can call me Lily.  All my friends call me Lily.”
I hear him take in a deep breath as if being a friend to a celebrity, “You’re my friend?”
“Yep.  Now who have you brought to see me?”
I hear his footsteps run out my door and his grumbling efforts to bring them inside.
“Lily.  Oh Lily, dear.  Oh how is my baby?” my mom says running over to my bed and giving me the biggest bear hug.  
I cringe from the pain where the surgery was, the only part of my arm I can feel, but hug her back with my good arm.  “I’m a lot better mom.  So tell me why you’re not working.”
“I won the lottery!!!”
I smile, “That’s terrific mom!”
“Do you know what this means?”
“What?”
“I can take care of you now.  I don’t need a job.  I don’t know how to take care of you, but I am going to try.”
“That’s great mom.  I’m so happy for you.” I give her a bigger smile.
“Don’t forget soldier.  He’s right here,” Charlie says excitedly.
“Hey Lily,” Brad says sounding a little tight nerved.  
Maybe he is embarrassed.  I clear my throat, “I thought you left.”
“I didn’t think you would wake up so soon.  I was just going to get a drink.  I’m sorry I wasn’t here for you.”
“It’s alright.  I just was worried it was a dream.  The nurse said I looked like I was having a nightmare.”
“Did you have a bad dream sweetheart?” my mom asks with a worried tone and brushing my hair back away from my face.
Not exactly, “No.  I’m fine.  Mom do you remember Brad?”
“Yes; didn’t he come with those two counselors?” she asks.
“Yes; he did.  Mom this is Brad.  Brad this is my Mom.”
“It’s nice to meet you again Mrs. East.” Brad says.
Not wanting the little boy to be left out, “Brad, Mom, this is my friend Charlie.  He is one of my biggest fans for Story Time.”
“Not one of the biggest.  I am her Biggest Fan.  And her and I are friends.  I get to call her Lily,” he says with the most excited voice I have heard from him yet.
“You have a story time?” my mom asks interested.
“Yeah.  I tell a story every day for the children.  Today the kids are helping decorate the lounge.  The are going to have a party in the play room in a few days so I have a mini vacation so to speak.”
“That’s terrific honey.”
“Are you going to the party Lily?” asks Charlie.
“I guess I could come.  I’ll have to see what Doctor Kota says first.”
“Good.  Don’t tell anyone but there is going to be a surprise,” he whispers.
“Well then I guess I must be there,” I smile.
“Yes!” he yells.
I laugh a little at that.  He is such a sweet boy and he is the one who brought me back my soldier, “It’s good to be excited.  I’ll meet you at the party.”
Charlie runs off in his excitement to help decorate.
“Honey, I am going to let you rest.  I’ll be back later,” she gives me a hug and a kiss goodbye.  Her footsteps fade in the distance.
Brad sits down next to me on the bed. “How are you feeling?”
“Happy!  Very, very happy,” I smile full of joy.
“That’s great.  How is the pain?”
“Oh.  I guess I am just so filled with emotion I forget I am in the hospital.  You know, sometimes I forget I am blind.  I remembered I was blind during my dream.  I was standing with you, but when I looked at your eyes I couldn’t remember what color they were.”
“Blue.  They are blue.”
I smile, “I like the color blue.  I think your eyes have a few gold specks in the center.  Do they have gold specks in the center?”
“Yes.”
I sigh relieved to know for sure, “I thought they would.  That’s the part that tells your story.”
“Does your arm hurt?  From last night?”
“The nurse said it’s bruised but I haven’t been able to feel my arm since the surgery.”
“What do you mean?” he asks.
I sigh again not really wanting to talk about it, “The doctor told me the surgery wouldn’t be easy.  He said that because the bullet had been in my arm for so long and it was lodged in so deeply paralysis might be unavoidable.  So far it looks like I won’t regain the feeling.  I was a big risk taking it out bit I could have died from infection if the doctor hadn’t.”
Brad pulls me into his arms, “I’m so sorry I wasn’t here for you Lily.  You needed me and I was too busy assuming you were mad at me to notice.”
“It’s okay.  You’re here now.  That’s what matters,” I say not wanting him to feel guilty.  It’s not his fault I was shot, not his fault I lost four years of my life.  I don’t even blame Chad.  It was just three things happening all at once that I didn’t have any control over.
Brad pulls back I guess to look me over.  Suddenly I feel self-conscious knowing I have probably lost a lot of weight over the past week.  “Do you still have the time stone I gave you?”
I smile.  That is not what I was expecting but at least it is something I can answer and it is a change of subject.  “Of course I do.  I keep it in the pocket of my gown and take it out whenever I’m alone with my thoughts.  It helps keep me calm when I feel it’s cold smooth surface.  If I’m not careful I might rub away the engravings.”
Brad laughs, “If you do I’ll ask Dante to touch it up.”
“Thank you Brad for the stone.  I really do love it.”
“I’m glad.  Do you want me to hit the nurse button?  I see you still need your bandage changed.”
I forgot, “Yeah.  She was probably just giving us time to talk.  I forgot about it.”
He hits the nurse button and Lacey comes back in to change my bandage.  Before I know it she and Brad have me smiling and happy again.  Letting my mind wander away from dismal thoughts.  
“How does your face feel?” Brad asks when we are alone.
“My face?” I feel my face with my hand wondering what could be wrong with it.
“Well you have this line that reminds me of Jim Carey’s smile but it is so big it looks painful.”
I smile a little bigger with a laugh, “Is there anything wrong with being happy?”
“Nothing at all,” he says.
“It is hard to believe I have been here for over a week now.”
“The time flew by?” he asks.
I shake my head, “Not really.  Actually it went by really slowly.  It is just going to take a while to get used to all the change.  Tom said that I couldn’t time travel anymore so that should make things easier.  It’ll make me less scared of the future.  Knowing I won’t end up in the past not being able to see where I’m going.”
“You can’t time travel anymore? How do you know Tom?” he asks surprised on both accounts.
“I heard him and his partner talking outside the vent before I jumped.  Anyway, he was sent here to make sure I really was blind and that I couldn’t time travel.  I haven’t time traveled since the accident.  I used to time travel at least once a day.  It looks like you will have to be the next FBOGT agent.  Or is it FBOG agent now that I am not a teen?”
There is a pause and I imagine he shakes his head, “They know that my power is not strong enough to help them.  They still make me practice and give me exercises to try, but I haven’t really progressed.  Are you happy you can’t time travel?”
“I am happy I can’t time travel blind, but I feel like a part of me is missing.  Have you talked to Tom?”
“No.  I haven’t why?” he asks.
“I gave him my hologram.  I think it might have intercepted some of the information when I was in between the time zones.  He said he would send me word if it did.”
“Oh.  What makes you think it retained some of the information?”
“Because I remember being there.  I know it sounds strange but it’s like I’m remembering someone else’s experience there but I know it was me.”
Brad changes the subject not really worried, “Do you want anything to eat or drink? I can go down to the cafeteria if you want,” he stands as if to go.
“No that’s okay.  I only eat when they tell me I have to.  I am just not hungry or thirsty.  Besides I like you right here beside me.”
Brad lies down beside me and pulls me to him.  He leans back a little and kisses me like he did last night.  We part for a moment and he whispers in my ear, “I love you, Eileen Lillian East.  I love you so much.” Then he goes back to the passionate kiss, that is absolutely wonderful and that I don’t want to end.
This time I pull back and whisper my reply, “And I love you.  I love you with all my heart.”
He kisses my forehead, my right cheek, my left, and then my lips again.  “Just go to sleep now.  I promise I will be here when you wake up.  I hear you have some stories to tell.  You need your rest.”
“Stay with me,” I wish aloud.
“I’m here and not going anywhere.”
So I lean against his shoulder and fall asleep with him gently rubbing my cheek, running his fingers through my hair, and brushing his hand on my arm.
“Good morning sweetheart,” Brad says.
I wake up with Brad’s hand in mine.  He must be sitting in the chair.  I squeeze his hand three times and he returns the gesture.
“Good morning.  Is it time for my PT?” I ask.
“In a few minutes she should be here.”
I nod, “What about Doctor Kota?  Has he come in yet?”
“He hasn’t.  But I’m sure he’ll come see you soon.  The nurse says you’ll be doing PT twice a day now.  Maybe that is a good sign,” he says hopefully.
I sigh not really counting on it, “Maybe, maybe not.  We’ll just have to see I guess.”
Doctor Kota comes in and is glad to see that I am livelier and actually eating my food.  Mom apparently called Brad and told him to make sure I eat or she would hold him responsible.  When Doctor Kota looks at my arm though he isn’t happy.  “These bruises are not going to help with your therapy and some of your stiches have torn.  The nurse told me I needed to take a look but I wasn’t expecting this.  I’m going to have to remove them and re-stich your arm to make sure it is cleaned well and bandaged.  After all of that you’ve been through we don’t want it to get infected.”
I hadn’t realized the fall was so bad.  Brad holds my hand during the whole procedure.  Despite the fact I feel nothing in my arm the surgery spot is very painful and getting the stiches out, having the wound cleaned, and then getting stiches put back in is excruciating.  I feel worse for Brad though.  His hand is stuck in my vice grip as I try to bare the pain.  Doctor Kota even gave me something to help numb it but no such luck.
After he is finished my arm constantly throbs in pain surrounded by the void that is the rest of my arm.  It is the strangest feeling and nothing compares.  The next few days go by much the same as the one before it.  Brad is by my side all of the time unless my mother is there to give him a break.  The nurses come in regularly to change the bandage on my arm and Doctor Kota comes in to look at it resulting in his disappointment.
I try to keep a smile on my face for my mom and Brad, to stay strong for them.  I know it is hard on me but it might be harder on them.  They can’t do anything to help me and they don’t know what it’s like for me no matter how badly they want to.  Getting my mind off of my situation seems to be their goal and sometimes it works.
Mom tells me about what it was like working her two jobs.  All the people she met and funny stories about the strangest customers.  Brad updates me on the news and anything Dante has come up with from my hologram.  Surprisingly he has gotten a lot and keeps getting more.  Maybe I am in two places at once.  Why not?  I was in one place twice at the same time when I saw me at a younger age.
It’s the day of the party and Doctor Kota has just come in after my therapy to take a look at my arm.
“Doctor Kota, is it alright if I go to the party in the lounge today?” I ask him.
“I don’t see why not.  As long as you go in a wheelchair and have someone with you the whole time, even if it is not a nurse, then you should be fine.  Just don’t try to get around on your own again.  We don’t want your stiches to come out,” he says seriously.
I shake my head, “I promise I won’t try to do anything on my own and I’ll ask for help if I need it.”
“Have you eaten today?” he asks.
I nod, “Yes, Brad made sure of it.”
“Good.  Then I give you the go ahead.  Have a good time,” he says.

Just as he opens the door to my room, “Wait!  Doctor Kota?”
“Yes Eileen?” he pauses.
“How long until the stiches come out?”
He sighs, “It normally takes about two weeks, but since we had to redo them, that time is going to start from scratch.  Why do you ask?”
I drop my head in disappointment, “I want to go home.”
The room is awkwardly silent for a moment.  Then the doctor says, “Just because you have stiches doesn’t mean you can’t go home.  Let’s see how you’re feeling after the party.  There is a lot to talk about for your care at home.  You’ll probably want your mother here for that conversation as well.”
I nod understanding his reasoning, “Okay.  We’ll talk about it later then.”
When he leaves I ask Brad, “Do you know when the party starts?  I promised Charlie I would be there.”
“I’m not sure when it starts but you will have plenty of time.  We just have to wait for your nurse to change your bandage again.  I’ll go let her know you’re ready.”  Brad leaves to go to the nurses’ station.  While he is gone I breathe in the left over scent that lingers in the air where he was sitting.  I will never get tired of his smell.  He is my home.
Walking back into my room Brad stands next to my bed and takes my hand in his.  With his thumb he traces a pattern of circles over my skin making my nerves tingle.  “Why did the little boy call you Claire?” he asks.
What brings this up?  “All the kids think my name is Claire because the first story I told them of a girl named Claire.  They also think you are the soldier who saves me and that we will fall in love like in the story.”
He stops rubbing my hand for a moment, “I guess the story is true then?”
“Mostly.” I laugh again.  Gosh, it feels good to laugh.
Brad starts to rub my hand again, making warmth spread all the way up my arm, “How did you get to telling your first story?”
I pause trying to remember how it started, “A nurse took me out to the court yard so I could enjoy the sun.  When a young boy accidentally landed his Styrofoam plane in my lap, he came over to fetch it.  I felt kind of lonely and I always love telling stories to children so I asked if he’d like to hear one.  He agreed and sat down in front of me.  I guess other children saw us and heard me telling a story.  After that, story time just became a regular thing.”
“Sounds like you are very popular.”
I laugh a little, “I think I am.  But don’t let anyone else know.”
“God, I love that laugh,” he kisses me passionately.  When he breaks the kiss and sits down in the chair next to me making me, I feel off balance.
Suddenly the nurse, Lacey, comes in.  I recognize her quick step, “Eileen.  It’s time change your bandage.  Doctor Kota asked me to show you and Brad to the lounge for the party.  Is that alright?”
“Yes, that’s fine,” I say with a smile.
After she changes the bandage she says, “I’ll go get you a wheelchair.”
When she comes back Brad lifts me off my bed, sets me in the chair, and pushes me as he follows Lacey to the party.  I hear a door slide open and a switch flipped on.
“Surprise!” many voices yell.
“Happy Birthday Lily,” Brad says in my ear.
“Birthday?  Oh my.  I completely forgot today was my birthday.”
Someone kisses me on the cheek. “Happy Birthday Sweetheart!”
“Thanks Mom.” I smile. “Thank you everyone.  I had no idea that the party was for me.  You are so sweet.” I wish I could see everyone.
“Do you want some cake?  I can tell you what it looks like.” Charlie excitedly pulls at my hand.  “It’s chocolate and marble cake.  It has purple icing with green star-shaped leaves and orange fire lilies.  That’s what they are called, right Ms. East?”
“Yes dear,” my mom replies.
“Oh it sounds beautiful.  That is my favorite flower.  How many layers?”
“Three.”
“Three, yum, more for us to eat.  That is absolutely lovely.  Are they round or square?”
“Square.”
“It sounds exquisite.  Does it taste as good as it looks?” I ask him with a smile.
He hands me a slice and a fork. I try a bite and it tastes perfect, “Supercalifragalisticexpialidocious!”
I hear him as he jumps up and down, “I love that movie. It is my favorite movie.”
“I love that movie too,” I smile.
“I’m glad you like the cake!  There are plenty of games if you want to play.  I’m going to play cards with Natalie,” he gives me a big hug before he goes.
“Alright Charlie.  Have fun!” I tell him as I hear his feet run off to go play.
“Now are you very, very happy?” Brad asks me.
“I’m indescribably happy.  I don’t think I’ve ever been as happy as I am right now.”
He gently massages my shoulders.  He must have read my mind about them hurting, “You have a lot of friends here you know.”
“How many?” I ask letting my head fall forward to relax my shoulders more.
“Too many to count.  Maybe you should write a book.  The children would love it.”
“Maybe I will,” I smile thinking of all the stories I have yet to tell.
I stay at the party sharing a few stories.  Some kids partnered up with me to play games.  After a while people start dancing to the music.  Everyone is having so much fun.
Then a slow song comes on. “Can I have this dance?” Brad asks taking my hand and pulling me up.
“How?  I can barely walk.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll never let you fall,” he laughs a little when he notices me catching his Thumbelina reference.
I smile again, “Alright I’ll give it a try.”
Brad slips my hands around his neck, I hold my bad hand with my good one so I can keep it there, and puts his hands around my waist.  “Step onto my feet.”
I step onto his shoes. He walks his feet to the steps of the music, carrying me with him.  I memorize how he turns and which foot goes first and how far.
“Are you ready?” he whispers.
I nod and step down.
We wait for the music to get to the right spot.  Then we dance.  First the wind whips my hair around in a wavy motion, landing quickly on my shoulder.  It feels strange moving around so fast and not seeing anything.  I can hear so much more now that I have lost my eyesight.  I can picture everyone gliding across the floor as I hear the soles of shoes taping the tiles beneath.  We dance and laugh and dance some more.  At the end of the song, Brad picks me up by my waist and spins me around gently bringing me down into a hug.  Everyone claps for us when the song is finished.
“Did you have fun?” he asks me.
I give him a hug, “Yes!  Thank you!”
“Is there anything you wish were different?” Brad pushes some hair behind my ear.
I think about it, “Only one thing really.”
“What is that?”
I shrug my shoulder, “I wish my friend Nicky was here.”
“Well you don’t have to wish too hard for that,” says a voice behind me. She runs up behind me, turns me around and gives me a hug.  “Did you really think you could stay away from me on your birthday?”
“No,” I laugh.  For me it doesn’t seem that long since we last spoke but I know years have gone by for her.  “What have you been up to?” I ask
“I got an apartment, like we said we would do after we turned nineteen.  I still have plenty of room for you.  I know it would be kind of hard for you to move now.  But if you ever just want to come over for a night, you’re welcome.”
“Thanks girl.  You’re the best!” I didn’t even think about the apartment.  I’m glad she still got it and didn’t let my accident hold her back.
“I wanted to get you some fire lilies for your room, but they were all out.  So I got you pink George ones instead.” Nicky hands me the flowers.
They smell terrific, “Thank you Nicky.  This truly is a birthday that is absolutely perfect!  Thank you for everything.”
“Wait were not done yet,” the doctor says walking towards me. “We have may have one more surprise for you.”
“What else could there possibly be?”
Doctor Kota put his hand on my good shoulder, “After we talk, I might allow to go home tonight.  I need to see how your arm is doing first, make some arrangements, and then you can go.”
“Really?  Oh my goodness!  Thank you so much!” I tear falls down my cheek at the good news.  I’d love to finally go home.
He asks, “Would you like me to examine your arm now or later?”
“I think I’ll do it now.  It would be nice to go home again.  I just need to say goodbye to everyone first.”  I turn and face what I hope is the center of the room, “I promise I’ll come back and visit soon.  Thank you again for the party.  I had the time of my life.”
After everyone says goodbye, Brad pushes me in the wheelchair to the exam room.  The doctor has the therapist do various things with my arm to make sure it is healing well.  When she leaves Doctor Kota says, “Now, I’m guessing you will always have someone available to help you correct?”
Mom and Brad both say yes at the same time.  
“Okay, good.  Eileen is going to need a lot of help learning how to get around her room first.  You may have to rearrange the furniture and clothes so she can access everything better on her own.  The goal is to help Eileen learn to be independent.  If you need a teacher for brail or want to look into getting special products for the blind the information is on this card.  I’ll give this to you Mrs. East,” he pauses probably to hand my mom the card.  “Eileen, this is going to be a very difficult transition but you will learn how to do things for yourself.  Ask if you need help.  If you get frustrated or need to talk you can call the teacher on the card and she can set you up with a councilor.”
“Thank you Doctor Kota.  I will.  Does this mean I can go home now?”
“Almost.”  He is silent for a moment, “I’ve been thinking.  You feel the pain on the site of the surgery but you can’t feel the rest of you arm.  This would be more understandable if you had poor circulation.  I have a theory and I want to test it with your permission.”
“What is your theory?” I ask hopeful for good news.
“I’m wondering if your brain is telling you that you can’t feel your arm because the pain is too much for your brain to handle.  If I give you a shot of morphine in your arm it wouldn’t take long to find the answer to that theory.  I know morphine is a strong medicine and we don’t want to use it unless it’s necessary but I’m offering it because I think it might work.  It’s up to you Eileen.”
I nod, “Yes.  I want to try it.  If it means I might be able to use my arm again, yes.”
“Alright then.  I’ll be right back,” he says walking out of my room.
“Sweetheart,” Mom says, “are you sure you want to do this?”
“Absolutely.  The worst it could do is let me know my arm is permanently like this and dull the pain where my stiches are.  The best it could do is let me know that my arm will heal and be back to normal again.”  I can’t believe she is second-guessing this, it is just morphine.
“Alright.”  She takes my good hand, “Just making sure you were ready to know the answer.  You might not be ready to hear your arm could be paralyzed for the rest of your life.” 
I guess that makes sense.  She is just looking out for me as always.  “I’d rather know than not know.”
“Okay.  Bradley and I are right here for you,” she says giving my hand a squeeze.
“Thank Mom.  I love you,” I say sincerely.
She pulls me into a hug, “I love you too honey.”
Mom sits back down when the doctor comes back in.  The needle stings as it goes into my arm.  I feel the cold thickness of the medicine being injected into my muscle.  It is more uncomfortable than painful.  That’s when I feel it.  “My arm.  I feel like it’s asleep.  That annoying tickling feeling you get.  Is that a good sign Doc?” I ask.
“I think so.  Let’s give it a couple minutes and see if it improves,” he says finally sounding hopeful.
Life slowly knits itself back into my arm.  As it spreads, awakening my muscles from such a long sleep I have the urge to move my arm but suddenly I’m scared it still might not work.  Instead I sit there, still as a statue, waiting and feeling my arm return to its existence.  Finally I don’t feel like there is a void beside me.  When I don’t feel the medicine anymore I take in a deep breath… Please work!
The room is silent as I start to move my fingers, my lower arm, and then my upper arm.  I cry as I realize what a miracle this is, to finally be able to move my arm.  “Someone say something please.  I need to know this is real.”
“You are not paralyzed Lily.  You’re arm is moving,” Brad says breaking the silence that was surrounding me.
I smile in the direction of his voice, “Thank you Brad.  I can’t believe it.  After all this time… I never actually believed it would move again.  Thank you Doctor Kota!  What does this mean?  Is it temporary?  Do I need the shots to be able to use it?”
“Until your arm is fully healed you will need pain medication to keep your brain from telling you that your arm is numb.  But you won’t need any more shots as long as you keep up with the pills I am going to prescribe you.”  Doctor Kota pats the shoulder that I can finally feel making it all more real, “Congratulations Eileen.  I give you the okay to go home as soon as the nurse gets the discharge papers filled out.  She will give you the prescription to fill as well.”
He walks out the door as Brad and my mom pull me into a hug, careful not to hit my stiches.  I can’t believe this is happening!  The nurse comes in and signs me out giving us discharge instructions and the prescription slip.  Brad goes out of my room so my mom can help me get dressed.  She tells me how excited she is to have me coming home and that things are going to change between us.  She tells me how we are going to be closer and she is going to be there to care for me, whenever I need her.  It is reassuring I’ll have help and I am glad she doesn’t have to work, but I still want to be able to have some time to myself.  I hope she’ll understand.
After I am dressed Mom gives me a hug, “I better go home and tidy up the house.  We don’t want you to trip because of my laziness.  I’ll see you soon honey.”  She brings Brad back in, “Bradley you were planning to give her a ride home, right?” my mom asks.
“Of course.  We’ll see you there after we pick up her prescription.  Drive safely,” Brad says as he takes my hand in his.
“Thank you,” she says sincerely.
Brad helps me into his car and shuts the door.  “So, how has your birthday been so far?” he asks once he gets into the driver seat.
I laugh, “I can’t believe I forgot it was my birthday.  This I can honestly say has been the best birthday ever.  I feel like it couldn’t possibly have all happened in twenty-four hours and yet it isn’t even over.  How did you all plan this?”
“Well, I wasn’t planning on your arm healing and you going home today” he laughs.  I imagine he winks at me but I know he probably didn’t.  “The party was Charlie’s idea when he found out your birthday was coming up.  The boy you started telling stories to, Taylor, he helped a lot with the decorating and choosing games to play.  They filled me in on the surprise when the found me out in the hallway so I called your mom and she said she would make you a cake.  All the kids wanted to help.  A guy who was volunteering at the hospital set up the music.  It was a big group of people.”
“It was amazing.  I couldn’t ask for anything more.”
“I think your phone is ringing,” he says.
“Oh.  I’m not used to hearing it yet I guess.”  Who would be calling me? I open my phone and put it to my ear. “Hello?”
“Happy Birthday!” two people yell into the phone.
“Thanks who is it?” I ask.
“It’s Jared.  Tina thought we should call you and wish you a happy birthday.”
“Hey Jared.  How are you and Tina?” I ask amazed they remember me.
“We are doing great.  We have a little boy now.”
“That’s terrific.  What’s his name?” I wonder who the baby looks most like.
“Jake,” Jared says.
“That’s great.  I am so happy for you.  Where are you living now?”
“In Maryland, near Tina’s parents.”
“Wow.  That’s a change in scenery,” I say a little surprised.
“Yeah, but everything is going really well.  How are you?  We heard that you woke up from your coma but we couldn’t find anything else out.”
Word travels fast apparently, “I’m doing great.  My arm is a little bruised, but I’m terrific.”
“That’s awesome,” he says.
I hear a baby crying in the background. 
“Oh I better go check on Jake.  I’ll talk to you soon.”
“Okay.  Bye,” I say hanging up the phone.
“How is he?” Brad asks.
“He’s good.  He and Tina got married and have a little boy.”
“So you two are still friends?”
“I guess so,” I say with a shrug.
“That’s good.  Here we are.” Brad says slowing down to a stop.
I notice something isn’t right.  We already picked up my medicine so where are we?  “Where are we?  We aren’t at my house.”
Brad laughs, “How do you know if we are or not?”
“I have a gravel driveway and my house is up on a hill.  I didn’t hear the rocks move around and I didn’t hear the engine kick more to go up hill.” Where could we be?  Does Brad have another surprise for me?  He has already done so much.
“Good observation.  No we aren’t at your house.  I have to make a quick stop, then we will go back.”
“Alright,” I say wondering what it is he has to do.
“I’ll be right back.”
I nod.  He is gone for a couple minutes so I start to drift to sleep.  Just as I am about to fall asleep someone taps on my window.
“Who’s there?” I ask.
“Open the door.”  It is the scruffy voice of a male.
He sounds threatening, “Who are you?”
“Just get out of the car,” the man yells.
I dial 911 on my phone as fast as I can, not being able to see the numbers.  I hang up and know that they will call back my phone number incase there is an emergency.  Thankfully they call back quickly.
My cell rings and he says, “Answer your phone but don’t say anything about me or I’ll shoot you.”
I put the phone up to my ear after I hit the answer key, “Hello?”
A woman answers, “Hello.  This is 911.  We just received a call from this number.  Is there an emergency?”
“Yeah Mom.  I’m in Brad’s car.”
“Do you need me to find where you are at?”
“Yeah.”
“Is someone there making you cooperate with them?”
“Yes Mom.  10-4”
“10-4?” the operator asks.
“No.”  I hope he finds this convincing.
“Alright I found your location.  I am sending police your way right now.”
“Okay.”
“Is someone holding you at gun point?”
“I think so.”
“Can you describe what he looks like?”
“No.  I’ve been totally blind to it.”
“Alright just stay on the line with me and pretend to keep talking to your mom.  The police will be there in a minuet.”
The guy outside the car says, “Hurry up I ain’t got all day.”
“I have to go mom,” I say not wanting to hang up.
“Okay just listen to what he says and try to go as slowly as possible,” the operator says.
“Alright bye.”
The guy bangs on the door, “Hurry up and unlock the door.”
I reach for the lock with fumbling fingers.  When he pulls up on the handle I kick the door open and knock him too the ground.  I hear the sirens.  The police are almost here.  “Brad! Brad! Where are you?” I yell.  I hear the guy start to move on the ground.  I get out of the car, find the gun by running my hands on the ground, and point it towards the sound of his moving clothes. “Stop moving or I’ll shoot you.”
He laughs, “Pretty lady you couldn’t shoot that gun even if you wanted to.  The safety is on.”
Thanks for telling me.  I fumble with the gun until I feel something that might be the safety and flip it, “Go ahead and say that if you want to lay your life on the table.  I have always been good at gambling with Death.”
He stops moving.  I hear his heavy breathing.  The sirens are getting closer.
I start to hear him hyperventilate, “You called the cops.  How did you call the cops?  I got to get outta here.” I hear him start to run.  I listen to where his feet are and shoot.  He screams and hit’s the pavement.
“Lily!” Brad yells from a distance. I hear him run over to me.  I’m still holding the gun breathing a little heavily. “What happened?”
I respond surprisingly calm, “It’s just one of those things that aren’t going to be perfect.”


Read the Full Story from the Beginning…
Want to read more?  Look for Book One of The Gifted Series by AshleyNicole Shelton.  Soon to be available at the author’s official website:
http://www.ashleynicolebooks.wordpress.com
and through select online retailers. 

Note from the author: 
 
Thank you for reading this free eBook.  I hope you enjoyed it.  If you did, please return to the site you downloaded it from, and let other readers know what you think.  Keep a look out for the rest of my series and other series to come.

Happy Reading,
AshleyNicole


About the Author
AshleyNicole Shelton is a full-time mother and a part-time dream catch writer.  Since 1999 she has written journals, short stories, and several novels, aspiring to be a published author.  The Blind Lily is her first published novella and she plans to follow with the world that continues from it, The Gifted Series.  On the side, she enjoys reading, drawing, and photography.  AshleyNicole lives in a loving home with her adorable son.  
