Morven’s Legacy
Book 1
The Fire Maiden's Desire

Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2017 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Special thanks to all the people that helped with this book
My daughter Brittany Szydelko for her help with the cover art.
My wife Tammy for her help with pretty much every step of making this book.


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Epilogue 


Chapter 1
Rachel walked across the market square in Dahring, eyeing everyone around her. She was average height for a woman, so peering over the men milling around wasn’t really possible. She slid between two very large, heavy men who smelled like ale and sweat. They seemed like farmers, kind enough, but not people she could trust. Farmers were broke in this kingdom, very broke, and even a kindly man with a family would turn her in for the bounty on her head.
The dirt covering her face did a good job of hiding her beautiful features, and her brown, hooded cloak protected her from prying eyes. Unless the person was very close, they would never notice she was the attractive woman who matched the wanted poster. She had her fiery red hair stuffed up into a cap so anyone at a distance might mistake her for a farmer or traveler. On closer inspection, it would be easy to tell because even though she wore men’s pants, she was definitely not a man. She couldn’t wear a man’s shirt, not unless it was very large on her. Her chest just wouldn’t fit.
She pushed behind a tall, thin man who reeked of pigs then noticed an attractive young man arguing with one of the shop keepers. It was Jack Craylet, her partner and friend. He was at least a head taller than her and well built. She wouldn’t call him burly, but his muscular frame was very appealing. If it wasn’t for her situation, she might even be bold enough to call him handsome.
“You can’t possibly charge that much for a trinket like that,” Jack said to the shop keeper while he quickly pocketed a watch from the other side of the table.
Rachel snickered as she made her way through the crowd. Jack was a talented thief. Jack and Rachel had been partners for over a year now, and although she knew he was an adept thief, even she was surprised at how easily he had stolen the watch. Her part of the deal was hunting for free food and cooking it. Even though she knew Jack thought he was getting the better end of the deal, she was not so sure. It was true that he was a poor cook and an even worse hunter, but Rachel knew the last year would have been a lot tougher without him by her side.
“I tell you what. I’ll trade you this genuine bear tooth necklace, created by the forest folk, for that ring,” Jack said with a smile.
The merchant eyed him cautiously while glancing at the necklace.
Jack stuck out his hand.
“Name’s Jack,” he said while his other hand lifted a necklace from the table and quickly hid it in his pocket with the watch.
“Ok, Jack, it’s a deal,” the merchant said and swapped the bear tooth necklace for the ring Jack had been eyeing.
Not only was he a thief but a decent conman as well. Rachel could tell, even from this distance, that the teeth were canine. Jack must have taken the teeth from the wolf skull they had found earlier that week. Jack was always running some kind of scam or game when they stopped at a town.
Rachel bumped into a burly man and looked at the ground quickly while she spoke. She recognized the boots right away. He was one of the king’s soldiers. This man would recognize her if she gave him enough time. She needed to get out of there and fast.
“Sorry, sir. Tt’was not watchin were I’s a goin,” Rachel said, trying desperately to come off as a farmer’s wife or daughter.
“Keep moving,” he snapped and pushed her. She fell into a puddle of mud, and he laughed loudly while he rejoined the other soldiers he was with.
Rachel looked up from the mud puddle with a self-satisfied smile. She blew the wisp of red hair out of her face while she reveled in her deception. She got up, not even bothering to remove the mud, it added to her disguise quite nicely.
When she was on her feet, she noticed Jack was gone, and the merchant was yelling for the guards. She normally abhorred stealing, but this merchant was rich compared to all the others around him. She knew his kind very well. The jewelry he had for sale had been stolen from the slaves he sold. She recognized the bracelet he wore, a slaver’s band, used to brand new slaves. It was steel with a circular insignia on it. If anyone deserved to be robbed, it was him. She rarely approved of Jack stealing, but for this man, she would make an exception.
Rachel quickly ducked into a rundown shop. No guards would accidentally stumble in here, not unless they figured out who she really was. No king’s soldier would be caught in a seers hut. The seers were often thought to be fakes and thieves, but Rachel had discovered that roughly half of them were legitimate seers of the future. They couldn’t get specific but they could, with a certain amount of accuracy, reveal what was coming.
Rachel fished through her pockets and pulled out her last two silvers. Jack had poor luck lately, and she hadn’t found anyone interested in animal pelts for nearly two months. Why hadn’t she taken more money when she ran away eight years ago? Honestly, it was a silly question, she was thinner and weaker then. At eighteen she had carried as much as her thin body had allowed. Since then, she’d put on quite a bit of muscle. Not only had she gotten stronger, but she had finally grown into womanhood. Her hips had widened and, to her dismay, she had inherited her mother’s large chest. This made hiding more difficult and caused her to be the target of many obscene propositions.
Rachel put one coin on the counter across from the white-haired, wrinkled woman. The woman had one blind eye, and all her teeth were missing. She looked the part of a seer, now to see if she really had the gift.
“It’s two, my child,” she said softly as she reached for the first. Rachel tossed her last silver on the counter and placed her hands face up in front of her.
“I see you have done this before,” the old woman said with a toothless smile.
Rachel nodded and didn’t say a word. She didn’t want to give away her secret, not until she was sure this one wasn’t fake. This woman seemed legitimate enough. At least, she wasn’t spouting nonsense about her true love or the man of her dreams yet. Most of the fake ones did that.
The old woman looked into Rachel’s green eyes and didn’t grab her hands. This was strange for a seer, unless this one really had the gift.
“You’re lost, my child. So lost,” the old woman sighed.
What did she mean lost? Rachel had never heard that one before. Was it a ruse to get more money? She didn’t feel lost.
The old woman grabbed Rachel’s hands and gasped loudly as her eyes rolled into the back of her head. Rachel had seen this trick before. She almost laughed. If this woman was fake, Rachel would grab her coins and be out of there before the guards could be called. She wasn’t wasting her last two silver on a fake.
“Your future is cloudy and uncertain,” the woman started, and fear swept over her face.
This was also a trick that all the fake ones used. Be vague and never give the customer a clear sense of anything too definite. Spout nonsense about a hidden love just around the corner or riches that could be had if you bought a map. The map was usually sold somewhere in the town by the fake seer’s accomplice.
“Someone seeks you,” the old woman continued then was quiet again as the fear grew deeper.
Maybe this one wasn’t a fake.
“He wishes…he wants…NO!” The woman’s eyes shot open, and she released Rachel’s hands then pushed the two silver coins back at her. “I don’t want to see this.”
“Please,” Rachel begged. This one was real! Only the real ones would have this kind of reaction. Her future was cursed, and this woman had seen it. “I need to know if I changed it yet. Please help me.”
The old woman looked at Rachel with kindness. She grabbed Rachel’s hands and started again.
“You…you have changed it. It is not definite, but you have pushed things in the right direction.” The old woman stared off into the distance, not seeing Rachel at all.
“Will I still have the demon child?” Rachel asked nearly in tears. “Please! I need to know!”
“You have altered the path, but the outcome is still uncertain. You will give rise to the devil himself if you fail to choose correctly.” The woman paused and fear shot across her face, then a calmness that Rachel couldn’t ignore. This one was different than all the rest she’d seen, even the ones with the gift didn’t act like this.
“What is it?! What do you see?!” Rachel begged.
“There is a man. He is near now,” the woman started.
Oh, great. Not this again. The mysterious man who walks the path. How the hell was one man going to change anything? What was more, how would she find this one man?
The old woman focused on Rachel with her good eye and released her hands. 
“The man walks the right path. If you follow him, you will be saved. He will show you which way to go. Do not be afraid to follow him.” The old woman grabbed the two coins and stared at them curiously.
“Yes, the man on the path. Is he supposed to be my true love or something?” Rachel laughed condescendingly. She had never met a man worth caring about. Not a single man she’d ever met while running from her curse, except for Jack. But Jack was complicated, to say the least. All the other men wanted her to either give birth to the demon or lay down for a quick roll in the hay, which would only lead back to option one. Only Jack treated her as more than a vessel or a conquest. Jack was very complicated, and so were her feelings for him.
“That is uncertain, child. I just know he will lead you down the only path that keeps you away from the demon. His intentions are elusive, but his heart is true. In the end, he will be willing to give up everything to save you from the demon. He has already given up much for you, but he must be willing to give more, more than he ever thought possible.” She paused, then tossed the coins on the counter. “Only then will you really know it is him. Let him give up everything for you. It will bring you joy.”
“Don’t you want your coin?” Rachel asked. This old woman was worth the two silver. She’d given out more information than Rachel had received in a very long time.
“You will need them to find him.” The woman turned away and started toward the back room, holding her head. This seer was one of the best and most informative that Rachel had ever met. This woman could actually see what was ahead of her.
“I don’t understand? Do I need to pay him?” Rachel looked on as the woman didn’t stop, and then she was gone behind the curtain. “How will someone dying give me joy?”
The woman didn’t return or even reply, so Rachel grabbed the two coins and shoved them in her pocket. She headed out of the hut and looked down as she walked. She was so close now. She couldn’t afford to get caught.
Now she was even more confused. At least she had changed her path. The man was near, whoever he was, but what had he already given up? This man could save her by giving up his life. That settled that. He couldn’t be her true love. You can’t love a deadman.
Rachel thought about this phrase and laughed. True love? She’d seen love, and she wanted no part in it. Your true love usually ended up in a brothel, screwing a whore after, at most, two years of marriage. She’d seen many true loves get their asses handed to them by their wife’s brother, cousin, father or whoever was looking out for her. If that was true love, she’d stick with loneliness any day.
To be fair, she wasn’t lonely. She had Jack, her best friend, and partner. He was a quirky man who always had a joke and a smile for her, no matter how depressed or upset she got. If only she wasn’t cursed. Maybe things could be different with Jack. He did make her happy.
Her thoughts were interrupted as Jack went sprinting by. He looked at her and mouthed the word ‘Help’ as he ran by, but she couldn’t help. Not in a town like this. Jack was fast, he could outrun the guards. She’d meet him at their camp after he’d lost them. She had complete faith in Jack’s abilities, his cry for help was more for show, and she knew it. Maybe he was trying to make her laugh. Perhaps he was just being silly. Either way, Jack would be there at the camp just like he always was.
She continued on toward the camp slowly, with her head down, as she thought more about this strange new prediction. She needed to keep an eye out for someone wanting two silvers. Some man that could lead her down the path. She was not about to give birth to a demon that would destroy the world. Not that she’d be around to see it. Giving birth to the demon would kill her. Every reputable seer had said something similar, all except this last one. Rachel smiled, just thinking about the new prediction. She had changed her path, not much, but enough that the man was near.
The original prediction, the one she’d gotten when she was eighteen, was almost as cryptic. The attractive, dark-haired woman had told her ‘Find the man, the one willing to give up everything for you. If you do not, you will give rise to the demon, and your life will be forfeit.’ She remembered the words as if she’d written them down. That was the day she realized that she wasn’t safe at home. She left the next morning, hoping to find a seer with more details and started her search for ‘the man’.
After walking another few miles, deep in thought, revisiting the same questions over and over again, she saw the campfire. Jack was safe, just as she’d assumed. She could see his outline pacing around the fire. When she got closer, Jack stopped and yelled.
“Who’s there?!” he cried out.
“It’s me, you jackass! If I was a guard, you would have given yourself away!” she yelled back.
“Shit! Why do I always fall for that?” he asked rhetorically. She smiled as she got close enough to see the smirk on his face. He’d known it was her. He was a doofus and sometimes he really was a jackass, but he wasn’t stupid. Somehow he knew the bad mood she was in and that had been his attempt to cheer her up. Much like asking for help when he really didn’t need it, this was for show.
“So?” she asked as she got closer to the fire. It was getting pretty cold out. The warmth of the fire felt good. The mud had soaked her pants, and her legs were freezing.
“So?” he asked back, looking silly.
“What did you get? That slaver had a lot of good stuff. I could see it from where I was,” she explained.
“Umm…that’s the bad news,” he cringed.
“You got nothing?” Rachel asked with exasperation. How had he lost all the stuff he’d stolen? She saw him steal two pieces while she was close by. How could he have come away with nothing?
“If you’d be my straight man…err woman. This would go a lot better. You could show a little skin, and the dude would drool while I cleaned him out.” Jack smiled, clearly avoiding her question.
“So, you got nothing,” Rachel said dejectedly as she plopped down on the ground near the fire.
“I’m sorry. The guards came out of nowhere. They grabbed my jacket which…” he held out his arms and Rachel noticed that his jacket was gone.
“They got your jacket…with all the stuff in it,” she replied half-heartedly. “And you know why I can’t be your straight woman.”
“Yeah, yeah, that stupid bounty.” Jack paced back and forth, then stared across the fire at her. His dull grey eyes pierced through her. She hated it when he looked at her like that. She knew exactly why it disturbed her so much, and she knew the question he was thinking of asking. If only things were different, but they weren’t.
“I’m not going to tell you,” she replied, and her smile started to return. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t keep it away. Jack just had that effect on her.
“Did you kill someone?” Jack asked with a smirk. He knew that she would never tell him, but he wasn’t really asking. It was his way of teasing her. She was in a bad mood, and he felt it was his responsibility to fix it.
“It’s me. Do you think I’d kill someone?” She paused and noticed the impatient look on his face coupled with the silly smile. “Someone who didn’t deserve it?”
“That’s the point. Rich people often deserve it.” Jack sat by the fire and gave up on the conversation. In the year they had been friends, Rachel never even gave him a hint as to what she’d done. It must have been really bad.
“It doesn’t matter. All that matters is finding some money.” Rachel looked down and pulled out the last two silvers.
“Oh!” he shouted. “Give me the two silvers.”
“What? No way! This is the last of our money. What if the deer get scarce again? Winter is coming. You remember last year?” She looked at him and saw his expression fall.
“Yeah, you found me half frozen and starving, but it’s not like that.” Then Jack looked excited and confident. “I can turn our two silvers into twenty.” She almost handed him the coins, but then she remembered what the seer had said. She needed these two silvers to pay the man. What if Jack was going to pay the man for her? If he really could get twenty silvers, then she would have plenty. The woman didn’t say when she’d even find the man. This might be worth the risk. It was Jack. He wouldn’t let her down.
“We were flat broke and couldn’t find anything to eat for nearly a month. What if that happens again? And what are you going to do with our last two silvers?” She looked at him unconvinced as he shot up. She hadn’t even said yes yet, but he knew her indecision meant he’d already won.
“Down payment on a job.” Jack’s eyebrows raised, and he got a stupid looking smile on his face.
“What kind of job requires a down payment?” Rachel stood up and flipped the coins in her hand.
“It’s simple. Just a hunt. You are the best hunter I know. It will be a snap.” He held his hand out anxiously.
“Just a hunt? Then what are we paying our last two silvers for?” Rachel was now getting suspicious. Jack was skirting the questions now.
“I need it to lubricate the men giving out the contracts,” Jack winked.
“You’re going to buy ale?!” Rachel threw up her hands, completely exasperated. Jack plopped back down on the ground, looking depressed. Then she thought about it. She was told that she needed the two silvers to find him. What if this led to the man? She threw caution to the wind. They would find more money. She couldn’t miss an opportunity to meet this man.
“Fine!” she yelled and tossed the coins at him. Jack quickly caught both with the same hand. He may not have been a very good fighter, but damn, he was quick. How many men could have caught both silvers, with the same hand, in a fraction of a second?
“You won’t regret this,” he said with a huge grin.
“Don’t wake me up when you get back. Especially if you’re drunk,” she headed to her bedroll and laid it out.
“You’ll see. This will solve all our problems,” he kissed her on the forehead and started back toward town.
Rachel pulled her bedroll near the fire and got inside. Her pants were mostly dry now. She would have loved to head to town, but this particular town had far too many of the king’s soldiers. Once in a while, Rachel liked to have a good time, but that would have to wait until the next town. After Jack made good on his promise to turn their two silvers into twenty.

Chapter 2
Jack walked up to the tavern cautiously. He didn’t see any guards, but they could be hiding almost anywhere. They had seen his face, and the merchant knew his name. Hopefully, the king’s soldiers weren’t in the tavern having a good time. The city guards would surely have involved the king’s soldiers. He wasn’t wanted like Rachel, but a thief stealing from a slaver drew a lot of unwanted attention.
When Jack was sure the coast was clear, he slipped inside and looked around. No guards or soldiers, thankfully. He walked up to the bar and saw the pretty blonde, the one with the enormous cleavage. She gave him a wink. He thought about it for a minute. Her cleavage was probably fake anyway. Socks rolled up to push her breasts out. Everyone knew that bigger breasts meant bigger tips. She walked over slowly toward him, refilling cups and eyeing him the whole way.
She was fairly attractive, she had a thin waist, decently sized hips, and even if there were socks under them, her breasts looked amazing. Jack found himself staring at her chest until she addressed him.
“Got something for me?” she asked seductively.
Jack pulled the ring he had traded for, out of his pocket and set it on the counter. She gave him an appreciative smile and started around the counter. When she was inches from his face, she looked up at him and smiled.
“My grandmother’s ring. I didn’t believe you could do it,” she looked into his eyes full of lust.
“I’m very good,” he replied. She was attractive and apparently very willing. Then why did he feel so guilty just thinking about it? The answer was Rachel. She was all alone in the camp.
The blonde put one hand around his waist, and with her other, she guided his hand to her chest. They were, most certainly, not fake! No socks, no nothing, just her. This made him feel even more guilty.
Jack quickly removed his hand and looked around nervously while he backed up.
“I owe you,” she said following him, and she pulled one of the shoulders of her blouse down to show off more skin. “I’m very happy to pay up.”
“What will your boyfriend say?” Jack gulped. He struggled for something to keep her at bay.
“I don’t have a boyfriend,” she replied.
“Umm…” he took another step back and was against the counter. “Fiancé?” he asked meekly, hoping for a way out of this.
“Well, …he’ll never know,” she pushed herself against Jack. “You sure seem like you want to.” She ran her hand up the front of his pants. “You really want to.”
“Sorry, taken,” he quickly ducked under her arm and scooted away. He noticed a large scowling man walking up to the waitress. She threw her arms around his neck. Just great! The fiancé. The man started toward Jack, but the waitress stopped him with a kiss.
Jack made his way to the back of the tavern and found an empty table. What was wrong with him? He wasn’t taken, and that woman had been gorgeous. Well, not as beautiful as Rachel, but pretty enough.
Jack smacked his forehead. What an idiot. Rachel would never see him as anything but a friend. He wasn’t entirely sure she was into guys either. She never showed any interest in men, definitely not him. It was stupid, and he knew it, but he couldn’t be with anyone else. He’d tried a few times since he realized that he was in love with the stunning redhead. It wasn’t fair to use some random woman, the whole time wishing she was Rachel. He was a jerk and probably an ass, but he wouldn’t do that.
Jack thought back to the day that he realized he loved Rachel. He had been a little tipsy, not exactly drunk. She had waited at their camp while he went to town to buy supplies and lift a few extras. He had scored a good haul, even stealing a bottle of something strong. It tasted horrible, but it kept the cold away as he walked back to the camp.
Ok, maybe he was drunk, but she didn’t need to react so badly. He had walked up to her, kissed her on the lips, and professed his undying love for her. How did she respond? She bruised two of his ribs and gave him a black eye. That was when he realized he actually did love her. He didn’t care that she’d beaten him up. The pain would go away in a week or so. The part that hurt the most was what she said. ‘I could never love a thieving prick like you’.
That was also the day he realized that he could never tell her. Not seriously. She’d chalked that outburst up to being drunk, and he wasn’t about to correct her. He decided instead to stand by her side, give her whatever she asked for and keep loving her in silence for as long as she’d allow it.
Jack noticed the two men he’d overheard earlier. One was tall, taller than himself by a few inches and thin. The other was a little rounder and Jack’s height. Jack walked back up to the bar and asked for three ales. The waitress looked at him lustfully again but didn’t dare make a move with her fiancé sitting on the other side of the bar.
Why couldn’t she have had red hair? Maybe if she’d had red hair. Jack shook this off. No, not even if she looked like Rachel. She still wasn’t Rachel.
Jack grabbed the ales and sat beside the two men.
“Name’s Jack. This one’s on me boys,” he chuckled as he pushed them each a mug.
“Charlemagne,” the first replied as he lifted the mug to his mouth. This was the rounder one. He had black hair and a face just as round as his body. He looked young, about jack’s age, twenty-four or so. He also had a kind look to his face. Butcher’s son, perhaps? The child of someone who could afford food or had plenty to spare.
“I’m Davinious,” the tall one said eyeing Jack curiously. “What do you want?” Davinious was lanky and had blonde hair. Jack couldn’t tell right away what type of work his father did. This one was a mystery. He had a rough look to his face, though also about Jack’s age, but there was a sadness to him. He also seemed a little sharper than his friend. That look in his eye, underneath the sadness, told of an intelligent man who would be hard to con. Luckily for Jack, this time, it wasn’t a con.
“Ok, first off those names…” Jack laughed and raised his hand for another round. The attractive waitress winked at him, and Jack looked away quickly.
“What about our names?” Davinious asked, annoyed.
“I’m going to call you Chuck,” Jack pointed at Charlemagne. “And you…Dave.”
“Why Chuck?” Charlemagne asked.
“Charlemagne…Charles…Chuck. See, it works,” Jack replied.
The waitress put the drinks on the table and leaned in closely to Jack so he could look down her blouse.
“Sure you’re not interested?” she asked.
Jack nervously eyed the large man who was giving him a death stare.
“I’m quite sure,” Jack smiled and held the first silver out for her. “Just remember you owe me four more.”
“I can do that,” she said seductively while she grabbed the coin out of Jack’s hand and then moved his hand to her thigh. “Seems like I owe you more than that.”
When she was gone, Jack let out a sigh, and Chuck laughed.
“You turned down Mary?” he looked at Dave, but he was not as amused. “He turned down Mary,” Chuck said to Dave.
“Yeah, well, that mountain at the end of the bar would probably flatten me.” Jack threw back the last of his first ale and started on the second.
“Oh, yeah, Burt is a mean one. Still…” Chuck couldn’t believe Jack would turn her down. “He’ll be gone in like thirty minutes. He’ll be headed home to care for his dad’s farm. Lock up the livestock, stuff like that. I’m sure Mary would be glad to take you upstairs. Burt wouldn’t even know.”
It seemed like Chuck was far more interested in Jack being with Mary than Jack was. Maybe he should take her upstairs? It had been a long time since he’d been with a woman, but she still wasn’t Rachel.
“I’m good. Let’s get to the reason I’m here,” Jack said, trying to avoid any more talk of Mary. Maybe if he got drunk enough, he’d say yes next time she came around, or maybe she’d just find another man to hit on. He was hoping she’d just forget him.
“I knew there was something,” Dave said, downing his second ale.
“Before we get into that,” Jack raised his hand and Mary was at his side in under a minute with three more ales.
“Change your mind yet?” Mary asked and turned to watch Burt walk out the door. She grabbed Jack’s hand and slid it up her dress while she sat on his lap.
“Umm….” Jack couldn’t figure out what to say. She wasn’t wearing any underwear! Although the thought was appealing and the warm mound of naked flesh between her thighs urged him to say yes, he just couldn’t. He felt a pit in his stomach, and his chest hurt. It was like he was somehow cheating on Rachel.  He stood up quickly, and she nearly fell to the floor. “I’m sick,” he said.
“Sick? You seem healthy enough to me,” she said, clearly discouraged and upset.
“Whore from the last town.” He shrugged his shoulders and watched in amusement as a hand went to her gaping mouth. “Doctor says give it two weeks.” He almost grinned at the end. This would certainly put a halt to her advances.
She stood and dusted herself off. When Jack handed her the second silver, she pinched it with two fingers. She was now afraid to even touch him. He would be surprised if she didn’t go to the bathroom and wash between her legs. Jack almost fell off his chair when she made it to the bar. He just couldn’t stop himself from laughing loudly, and the two ales he’d finished weren’t helping his balance.
“Ok…” Dave said, then tried to get Jack to focus. “Why are you here?”
“Oh, that,” Jack started on his third ale. Mary dropped off three more ales then Jack smirked as he watched her nearly sprint to the bathroom. “I can help you two.”
“Help us how?” Chuck asked, a little more interested than Dave, who just eyed Jack while downing his fourth ale.
“You two have a problem. You need to kill that bear or whatever-ya-ma-call-it.” Jack realized that he was starting to slur a little, and he was making up words when he couldn’t remember what he was going to say. He was starting to feel the ales. Maybe he shouldn’t have told Mary he was ‘sick’ after all. With a little creative thinking, she could be a stand-in for Rachel. He smiled to himself. No, she really couldn’t.
Rachel was one of a kind, and there wasn’t a woman who could hold a candle to her. That long red hair, her beautiful smile, and that body…he stopped himself. He really needed to get back to his offer instead of dreaming about Rachel. The ales weren’t making Mary any more attractive. They were just making him want Rachel.
“The Drool Bear? You want to help us kill it?” Chuck asked. He was starting to sound drunk as well.
“Yeah, da drool bear thingy. Dat ting.” Jack finished his fourth ale and held up his hand for another round. Mary looked cross, and he felt bad. She made her way across the floor to him. “Sorrys, Mary. If I asn’t sick, I’d fuck ya.”
Mary huffed and returned to the bar.
Jack shot a glance at Dave and realized that he was starting to loosen up.
“So, what’s it gonna cost us?” Dave asked. He could hold his liquor better than Jack or Chuck apparently.
“Twenty silvers. Dats ten fors mes and ten for the lovely Rachel,” Jack said as he fell onto his hands. “Where did my drink go?” He looked down and noticed all his mugs were empty.
“I tink yous drankeded it,” Chuck laughed.
“Well, shit! Why’d I do dat?” Jack laughed back at Chuck.
“Twenty silver and you’ll kill the thing?” Dave asked.
“Yeppers. Well…mostly Rachel will. I’m like her sidekick.” Jack raised his hand, nearly falling over sideways, and soon a very annoyed Mary came back with three more ales.
“I wouldn’t fuck you if you were the last man on earth!” she yelled, then turned back to the bar.
“Dats not what yous said five minutes ago, cutie. Wait,” Jack looked up at the clock. “Dat was like an hour ago,” Jack said and looked down at the ale.
She shot back a sad glance at him, then went behind the bar again.
“You hurt her feelings,” Dave said.
“She juss wouldn’t…she’s…I’m taken,” Jack replied then fell on his face.
Chuck stumbled around the table and picked up Jack’s head then Dave lifted him up. Each of them took an arm and led him outside.
Mary followed them with a pitcher in her hand. When they were all outside, she dumped the pitcher full of ice over his head.
“Maybe that will wake his ass up,” she huffed then went back inside.
“Holy shit! It’s hailing!” Jack yelled.
“No, Mary’s just getting some payback,” Dave smirked. “You deserved it.”
“Yeah, I did,” Jack said, then tried to stand on his own. He stumbled a few feet forward but was able to catch himself before he fell. “This way, lads. The beautiful and lovely Rachel awaits our good news.” Jack stumbled and swerved toward the camp.
Dave and Chuck caught up to him and stood on either side of him. He bounced between them a few times then seemed to get his balance.
When they reached the camp, Rachel heard them singing, very loudly and off-key. She stood beside the fire, tapping her foot. She crossed her arms, and then the stench of ale assaulted her. Jack staggered toward the camp and noticed her first.
“Damn, you’re hot!” he yelled, then started laughing. “And not just cause your standing by the fire.” He fell down laughing while Dave and Chuck stared at him.
Rachel didn’t say a word, only tapping her foot faster.
“Chuck,” the round man said and then stumbled close to the fire.
“Dave,” the tall, lanky man said and took a place beside Chuck.
“Get the fuck up you…” she couldn’t think of a good insult at the moment, she was too mad.
“I’m up!” Jack said as he shot to his feet. His eyes looked glossy, and he swayed back and forth, but he was up.
“Oh, just go lay by the fire. I don’t want to wake up and find you dead.” Rachel turned and started back to the fire, but Jack caught her arm.
“I wasn’t kidding. You’re really hot. I met this waitress…” Jack started, and Rachel pulled her arm out of his hand.
“I don’t want to hear about you fucking some waitress. Go sleep it off!” She turned and stomped back to the fire. She glared at Chuck and Dave. “Don’t touch my stuff.” Then she plopped down and sat on her bedroll. Despite Jack being a complete and total ass, she couldn’t let him freeze. He liked his waitresses. It made her frustrated and sad at the same time. If only things could be different.
Jack rushed over to the tree line, and everyone heard the horrible wrenching sound as all the ale came back up.
“I’m fine!” he yelled, still bent over as he raised his hand.
“Cover that shit up. It stinks,” Rachel scowled.
Jack shot straight up and looked at Rachel, confused.
“It’s not shit. I just puked.” The sincerity on his face made it even funnier. Even Rachel couldn’t keep from laughing. She got up and put her arm around his waist then led him to his bedroll.
“Night beautiful. I really gotta tell you the story about the waitress.” Jack said, then fell on his bedroll and passed out.
“Night, doofus.” Rachel bent down, kissed him on the forehead, then went back to her own bedroll.

Chapter 3
In the morning, Rachel was woken by the sound of the three men groaning and stumbling around. Since they had been kind enough to wake her so early, she thought she’d return the favor by making greasy bacon and eggs. She sat by the morning fire and sort of enjoyed her breakfast as Jack and Chuck complained, trying to hold down whatever was left in their stomachs. Dave wasn’t such a lightweight. He eagerly took his share of the food straight from the pan and ate beside her in silence.
“So,” Rachel started, realizing that although Dave wasn’t a lightweight, he was fairly shy. “What’s this job that is going to make us twenty silver?”
Jack grumbled near the edge of the camp, the smell of breakfast turning his stomach.
“We just have to go kill a bear,” Jack replied then caught a whiff of the food as a breeze blew through the camp. He put a hand over his mouth and took a few steps to the right, out of the path of the stench.
“Just a bear?” Rachel looked at him, confused. Who would pay twenty silver for a bear? The pelt was worth five silver and the meat wasn’t something you ate unless you had to. Bear’s didn’t disturb farms, and they mostly kept to themselves. This seemed a little too easy.
“A drool bear,” Chuck added then pinched his nose as the smell of breakfast turned his stomach.
Rachel’s eyes widened, and Jack caught her expression.
“What’s that look for?” Jack asked then took another few steps to the right. The wind picked up, and he was pleasantly surprised that the stench didn’t hit him again.
“You sure they didn’t say Drahlbeere?” Rachel asked apprehensively.
“That’s what it was,” Dave finally spoke.
“You moron!” Rachel shot a condescending look at Jack. “We get ten silver each, and we have to risk our lives, killing a Drahlbeere?”
“What is this drawl bear thing?” Jack asked as he sat down. He was clear of the breeze now. He could sit and cradle his head in peace.
“Drahlbeere, it’s pronounced drawl beer,” she said enunciating every syllable.
“What’s a Drahlbeere?” Jack asked. Chuck now was blasted as the breeze picked up. He rushed to the tree line but came back as the urge subsided.
“Think giant badger with poisonous spines on its back. They dig themselves into the dirt, leaving only their two-inch spines above the ground while they rest.” Rachel scraped the rest of her food into the pan. She wasn’t very fond of greasy food. It had been more to tease the men than for her appetite. She preferred fresh fruit and some oatmeal for breakfast, but where was the fun in that?
“How giant we talking here?” Jack asked, looking at her full of curiosity.
“Eight to ten feet long. Taller than a man when it stands on its hind feet to defend itself. All that is nothing compared to the badger-like hands with three-inch claws. They’re designed to dig, so they are as strong as a sword blade.” Rachel walked to the creek that was only a few feet from the camp and rinsed her plate and fork.
“Oh, shit! What did I get us into?” Jack cradled his head and rocked back and forth. When would the spinning stop? And the pounding. Why did it feel like a horse had trampled his skull?
“You know the best remedy for a hangover?” Rachel asked with a self-satisfied grin as she put the plate back with her belongings. She and Jack had their own plates. She watched Dave pick at the food in the pan with his fingers and almost felt sorry for him. That was, until she remembered that he was also responsible for her current predicament and Jack’s hangover.
“Tell me. Anything that can make this pounding stop,” Jack begged with both hands on his temples.
“Don’t drink so much,” Rachel laughed.
“Ha, ha, very clever,” Jack sneered.
“She has a point. Either that or learn to hold your liquor,” Dave laughed with her.
Rachel found new respect for Dave and handed him her fork.
“Make sure to clean it up when you’re finished,” she pointed at the stream.
Dave got to his feet and did a half bow.
“Yes, ma’am, and thank you for this wonderful breakfast,” Dave said, then sat back down beside the pan.
Rachel stared at the man with even more respect now. Why couldn’t Jack act like that once in a while? It was nice to be appreciated. All Jack ever did was complain about her breakfasts. ‘The oatmeal was too soggy.’ ‘What happened to the strawberries?’ This was nice. Dave was a gentleman.
Jack caught Rachel’s expression and smile as Dave thanked her and guilt set in.
“I’m sorry, Rachel. If I wasn’t so sick, I’d try some. It does smell almost good,” he gagged as he said it. He was not about to be outdone by the new guy. He really needed to be nicer to Rachel. Jack wanted to be the one on the other end of that look.
Rachel stared at him strangely. Had Jack hit his head or something? He never complimented her, not seriously. Everything was a joke or a jab at her. He teased her quite a lot, and although it was cute most of the time, there were occasions when sincerity would be appreciated.
“Anyone want any?” Dave stood up with the pan and aimed it at Chuck, then Jack, with a huge grin on his face. Both of them gagged and turned away.
Out of the corner of Jack’s eye, he saw the look on Rachel’s face again. Why didn’t she ever smile at him like that? He was starting to get a little jealous of Dave. If that scrawny tree got what Jack had been working on for so long, he thought he might scream.
Had he been going about this all wrong? He’d been in love with Rachel for over eight months. The first two months were simple infatuation, a crush. It wasn’t until she beat the shit out of him that he realized he loved her. Eight freakin months and Dave waltzes in here with a few kind words, pushing him aside without a second thought. He couldn’t tell Rachel. Rachel had to like him first. He’d tried it the other way around, sure he was drunk, but he had tried. No, it had to be her.
That was it. Jack knew what he had to do. He had to follow Dave’s lead. If Dave could get looks like that, then he had been going about this all wrong. He would act just like Dave, and maybe then Rachel would finally see him.
“So, why do we need you two?” Rachel asked as Dave took the pan and her fork to the creek to wash them. “See that, Jack? It’s nice when someone else cleans up for a change.” She glowered at Jack, and he cringed a little more.
“We got pinched for stealing. Only way we get to keep our hands is if we kill this Drahlbeere thing. We get the reward, but we’ll give it to you if you help us keep our hands.” It seemed like Chuck was begging, and Rachel took pity on him.
“Don’t worry, Chuck. Rachel here is the best fighter I’ve ever seen, and that’s saying something. I’ve been to the pits and watched em kill each other. If I wasn’t so worried about them cheating, I’d say she could win a ton of silver there.” Jack looked at Rachel, waiting, hoping, and he wasn’t disappointed.
Dave was onto something here. Rachel shot him a smile like he’d never gotten before. It was better than the one she gave Dave. He never thought of Rachel as the type who wanted compliments, but she was. People liked to be reminded of how important they were. Why had it taken some random guy to make him see this? This was it. This was how he’d finally make Rachel see him.
“I don’t know if I’m that good,” Rachel said, looking away to hide her embarrassment.
“She’s that good,” Jack looked at Chuck confidently. “We can do this, Rachel. We’ll each have ten silvers by the end of the day.”
Jack mused for a moment. Why hadn’t he thought of this before? He spoke so highly of Rachel when she wasn’t around. Why couldn’t he do it to her face? Fear, it all boiled down to fear. He was afraid that Rachel would see through his compliments and leave him. She didn’t want some lovesick puppy following her around. Someday he’d have to thank Dave.
Dave stood up and shook Rachel’s hand.
“Davinious Throm, pleased to meet you.” He did another little bow, and Rachel shot Jack a knowing look.
“Jack and his nicknames. Everyone he meets gets a nickname. Well, except for me. What can you really do with Rachel?” She laughed.
“El, maybe Raych, how about Ray?” Chuck offered. Rachel looked at Jack curiously, and his apprehension was apparent.
“I like Rachel,” he replied, almost angrily and started packing up his belongings.
“What’s your name…Chuck,” she said with a laugh.
“Charlemagne,” he replied. Rachel looked at Jack inquisitively.
“That one’s a stretch,” she laughed.
What was wrong with Jack this morning? The compliments and the strange behavior were starting to make her think that maybe Jack was sick. Either that or still drunk. He often hit on her and spewed compliments when he got drunk. Not that they were unwelcome, but she figured it was the alcohol talking.
“We should get going soon,” Jack said, not looking at her. His face was beet red, and he didn’t want her to see it. This was the problem with compliments. He wasn’t hard to embarrass, not when he was being serious.
“Where is this Drahlbeere?” Rachel asked Dave.
“It’s been spotted near a farm to the north. Just a few hours from here,” Dave said and started rolling up Rachel’s bedroll for her.
She looked down and watched as Dave continued on and started putting out the fire. Chuck braved the stench of the greasy breakfast and started putting all her supplies in her bag.
“It’s nice to have men around the camp for once,” she stuck out her tongue at Jack, and he turned away. He looked upset. He really was acting strange today. “I’m kidding, Jack. We pick on each other. That’s what we do.” She watched him apprehensively, but he still didn’t turn around. She hadn’t meant to hurt his feelings. They always teased each other. What was going on with him today?
Jack finished packing up his things, fuming the whole time. He had been pushed aside by two random men. Perhaps it was how he looked. Even Chuck was a better choice than he was. Who was he kidding? Rachel was so far above his level that he couldn’t even see her level from where he stood. If attractiveness were a kingdom, she was on one end, and he was on the other. That had to be the reason he was invisible. He just wasn’t worth her time.
Jack moped along behind them as he listened to Rachel joke with her two new sidekicks. Most of it was them picking on Jack for how silly he’d acted last night then fear struck him as he heard Chuck start to talk about Mary.
“You should have seen Mary’s face,” Chuck laughed.
“Who’s Mary?” Rachel asked with a smile. These new guys were pretty amusing, and the story about Jack was funny. She wished she’d been able to go with him. She liked to watch Jack make a fool of himself. It was almost as good as when he was trying to cheer her up.
Jack ran up to Chuck and pushed himself between Chuck and Rachel.
“She doesn’t want to hear about Mary. That was the waitress,” Jack looked at Rachel, his eyes begging for her to stop.
“Yeah, we don’t discuss Jack’s conquests,” Rachel laughed and patted Jack on the back.
“But…” Chuck started, and Jack dropped his stuff then clapped his hands over Chuck’s mouth.
“We don’t discuss those,” he looked at Chuck sternly, and Dave got silent.
“Chuck,” Dave started. “That’s none of our business.” Dave shot a knowing glance at Jack, and fear gripped him again. Dave was far too smart. His only hope was that Dave could keep his secret. Dave smiled as he saw the fear wash over Jack’s face. “Don’t worry Jack. She doesn’t need to know about the waitress.” He was very, very smart. Jack secretly thanked fate for Dave being such an honorable guy. Chuck had no clue, but to Dave, his secret was as clear as day.
Rachel felt like she was missing something and almost asked to be let in on the secret, but Jack interrupted her before she could open her mouth.
“So, how do we kill a Drahlbeere?” Jack asked. The strange look on his face made Rachel pause for a second, but he quickly bent down and grabbed his stuff again. Then Jack started walking, and they all had to catch up.
“You can’t kill it by hitting it on the back. Under the spines is a thick hide. Its underbelly is soft, but you need to watch the claws.” Rachel explained as they all walked on, the men listening intently to every word.
“Are they fast?” Dave asked, clearly engrossed.
Jack slowed and slid into place between Rachel and Chuck, with Dave on Rachel’s other side.
“I don’t know. I’ve only read about them. Never seen one up close. Whatever you do, don’t let the spines touch you. The poison is fast, and we won’t have time to get you to a doctor before you’re dead.” She looked at each one of them making sure this point was clear.
“I have gloves.” Jack looked in his pack and pulled out some gloves. “I only got one pair though. You should take mine,” Jack said to Rachel.
“What will you do?” Rachel asked. Jack was acting strange. He was now offering her his gloves?
“I’m fast, remember?” he asked with a smile. “Besides, I’d…we’d be lost without you. I’m just a sidekick. You need the gloves.” Jack pulled out his cowhide jacket. “Here, take this too. Just in case.”
Rachel looked at Jack suspiciously and pulled his jacket over her own. He was big enough that it fit over her jacket. It was a nice gesture. Even the beast’s claws would have a hard time getting through two layers of cowhide.
“So, I’ll sharpen some sticks,” Jack got out his knife and twirled it through his fingers. “Chuck and I will poke it to force it your way. Dave,” he looked across Rachel. “Your job will be to watch Rachel’s back.”
“You sure you trust me with that?” Dave gave Jack a knowing glance.
“I trust you, Dave. You would never let anything hurt Rachel, would you? Not even words that might hurt her feelings. Right, Dave?” Jack gave him a knowing glance in return. It was tempered with a bit of contempt.
“Nope, not a single word,” Dave smiled.
Again, Rachel thought she was missing out on some secret but decided it must be a man thing and quickly pushed it aside. She had bigger things to worry about. They were counting on her to be the one to kill this beast. She wished she had a sword right about now. She’d trained with swords but had to sell hers to buy food. Last winter had been very bad.
She smiled as she thought of last winter. As bad as it had been, Jack was there to keep her company. Huddling together to keep warm brought back fond memories. If only she wasn’t cursed. Jack was very handsome. There were other ways to keep warm…she pushed the thought aside. Not for her, there weren’t. She returned her thoughts to the task at hand, and the smile faded to worry.
Dave caught Rachel’s worried expression.
“What’s on your mind?” he asked.
“Just trying to figure out how I’m going to kill that thing without a sword,” she replied, still deep in thought.
“Ah ha, I can help with that,” Chuck offered, clearly excited that he could contribute.
“How?” Rachel asked.
“My house is just a little ways ahead. My dad makes swords,” Chuck answered.
“Nice,” Rachel replied.
In a few minutes, they saw a dirty, run-down house with a forge beside it. Chuck raced ahead and greeted his portly mother. Jack had been wrong about Chuck. He wasn’t a butcher’s son. He was a smith’s son, and smiths made even more coin than butchers. A large, burly, heavily bearded man walked around the house and up to the forge. He wore a smith’s apron over his clothes. They heard him grunt a few times as Chuck explained everything. He looked ominous and huge. His smile was a shock as they finally walked up to the forge.
“Thank you for helping my son.” He smiled as he patted all of them on the back then hugged Rachel. “I’m so glad that monster hunters are willing to help out two stupid boys.” He shot a condescending look at Dave then at Chuck. He smacked Chuck on the back of the head.
“Sorry, dad,” Chuck hung his head in shame. “It was stupid.”
“She didn’t even appreciate it. She’s the one that turned you in.” Chuck’s dad looked at his son with a strange grin on his face. He seemed nervous. There was something else there, something they weren’t willing to share. “At least Davinious has a good excuse. A man wants to do something stupid. His best friend will be stupid along with him.” He laughed loudly, clearly hiding something.
“Sorry, Mr. Smith,” Dave looked at his feet. “I should have talked him out of it. I knew it was dumb, but I let him do it anyway.” Rachel was still catching the hint of something unsaid here. They were hiding something about what really happened, but they could have their secrets. She had her own to worry about.
“Wait,” Jack smirked. “You’re a smith, and your last name is Smith?”
“Where do you think last names come from?” the large man laughed. “My dad was a smith, his dad, and his dad before him.”
“I guess that makes sense,” Jack smiled. “Where do you suppose my last name, Craylet, comes from?”
“Probably where your family was from originally. A town, a piece of land they owned, something like that,” the blacksmith smiled. “Sometimes the words get smashed together and mispronounced until it becomes a last name. Perhaps your ancestors were cray fishermen, and the inlet they frequented gave rise to their last name. So and so of Crayfish Inlet slowly became Craylet.”
Chuck sure didn’t take after his dad. This man was as sharp, maybe sharper, than Dave.
“Thank you again,” the man said. “I’d help, but I’m slow and old. That Drahlbeere would be picking its teeth with me. Better to leave it to the professionals.” He looked at Jack and put his hands on Jack’s shoulders. “Take care of my boy.”
“Wait, I think there’s been a misunderstanding. I’m her sidekick,” Jack looked at Rachel and was greeted by another appreciative look. This just got better and better. Dave was really onto something here. He couldn’t tell her, but he could show her. Eventually, she’d figure it out and see him as a man, maybe.
“Well, miss,” the large man looked down at Rachel. “Pick out any sword you like. My boy is worth more than all of them.”
“Thank you, sir,” she replied and headed toward the rack of swords. She shot another appreciative glance at Jack, and he smiled back at her. Jack’s heart raced; he was finally getting somewhere.
She tested out the swords one at a time and held each across her forearm to check for bows or imperfections in the metal. What had gotten into Jack today? He was kind and complimentary. He was hiding something too, but maybe she didn’t want to know. If this was the new Jack, she didn’t want to do anything to make him go back. She should probably even thank him for the kind words.
This new Jack was perfect, then she realized something. He was too perfect. What if she let her emotions run away with her? He was already so attractive. If he was nice too? She couldn’t think about this now. It was too enticing. If Jack kept acting so kind and caring, she might do something she’d regret, for about nine months, then she’d die. This new Jack was dangerous, but despite this, she didn’t want him to stop.
“You have some nice blades here,” she said to Chuck’s father. “I’m not sure which to choose.” She looked at Jack with a smirk. “Jack, can you help me with this?”
Jack rushed over to her. She picked up a large sword with both hands and gave it to Jack. He was surprised at how heavy it was and almost bent over trying to keep it up. She grabbed a longsword and took a step back.
“Hold that one up,” she smiled deviously at him.
“Like this?” he asked, holding it up in front of himself.
“Hold it very tight and don’t let go,” She took another step back and did a few showy moves with the sword then attacked. She hit from the left, and Jack blocked, then the right and Jack blocked again. She took a step back and looked at Chuck’s father. “Can I get one for him too? My sidekick should learn how to use one.” She smiled at Jack appreciatively, and his stomach did a flip.
“By all means,” the large man walked over slowly. He picked up one similar to the one in Rachel’s hand. “This is more your speed. The greatswords are for men like me. Soldiers use them to cleave through armor. You wouldn’t even get one swing off before you got cut down by the beast’s claws.”
“Good point, sir.” Jack watched as the burly man took the greatsword with one hand and handed him the longsword.
“Make sure you grab a scabbard,” he put the great sword back on the rack and pointed at a pile of scabbards.
Jack swung the sword back and forth, admiring the workmanship. He liked the sound of it swishing through the air until Rachel took a step forward and disarmed him with such ease that he couldn’t even be upset.
“Hey, now…showoff,” he smiled at her.
“Keep your grip tight and be mindful of everything around you,” Rachel instructed.
“Yes, master,” he replied with a grin as he picked up the sword.
“I see bright things for you, student,” she joked. “Seriously though, I wouldn’t mind teaching you.”
“I’d like that,” Jack looked at her, lost in her eyes. How silly it was. He wasn’t a small guy. He was shorter than Dave but built sturdier. She was up to his nose. She might weigh, at most, half what he did and still, she could probably kill him before he knew what happened. She was amazing with a sword.
The large man walked away with a smile and stopped at Dave. He bent in, and Rachel listened intently.
“Are they serious?” the smith asked Dave. She watched curiously as Dave put a finger to his lips and shushed the huge man.
“They’ll figure it out,” Dave whispered as the large man patted Dave on the shoulder and continued on.
Rachel stared curiously at Dave, who got a guilty look on his face then headed toward Chuck, avoiding her questioning look. These secrets were getting out of hand. She’d have to make sure to ask Dave about them later.
Jack found a scabbard for himself and then one for Rachel. He fastened his to his belt and watched as she struggled with how to attach hers. He quickly got into his pack and pulled out another belt. He nervously bent down and helped her attach it. He felt his face turn red as his hands moved across her waist and hips. It was sheer torture to be so close to her yet not be able to really touch her. The smell alone drove him nuts. How did she always smell so nice? He pulled back quickly as he finished. The belt hung sideways, and only the curve of her feminine hips held it up, but it would do.
“I look like some kind of swashbuckler or something,” she giggled, and Jack looked up at her in awe. He didn’t see a swashbuckler at all. He saw a fiery, red-haired beauty with eyes the color of spring grass. Her slight freckles seemed to decorate her face in a way that tempered her beauty with a cuteness that was very appealing. Jack realized what he was doing and forced himself to look away. He got to his feet and turned back toward Dave and Chuck.
“Maybe a pirate?” he laughed, walking away from her.
She slapped him on the back playfully and rushed ahead.
“Now we’re ready,” she smiled and saw Chuck’s face light up. She was his savior.

Chapter 4
Jack snuck through the forest, holding a carved spear in one hand and keeping the other on the hilt of the sword. His job was to push the beast at Rachel. He needed something long and sharp to keep it moving. Chuck walked beside him with his own spear, shivering, and shaking. They couldn’t see Rachel or Dave, but the creature was plain to see.
The Drahlbeere was half-buried in the dirt, only its spines visible. They could smell the stench of dead meat coming from it. The thing seemed to have a particular interest in cattle. There were cow bones strewn across the forest floor beside it.
Jack crept closer and could hear its breath. Rachel had been right. The thing must have been eight feet long, even without its short, stubby tail, which was also full of spines. When Jack was roughly ten feet from it, he caught a glint of steel in the direction of where Rachel should be. He stomped his feet and started to yell.
“Shoo beast!” he screamed at the top of his lungs, and the thing stirred.
He had positioned himself behind it and watched in horror as the thing got on all fours and stared at him, unimpressed. Its mouth opened, and the terrifying roar it let loose nearly stopped his heart. Jack took a few steps forward and stabbed the creature with his spear, and Chuck nervously did the same.
“Shoo beast!” he yelled again. The creature moved away from them slowly. They were more an annoyance than a threat.
Jack pulled his sword and lunged at the creature. The steel pierced through the creature’s thick hide and it roared again, this time from the pain. It took off at a gallop, straight for Rachel. She held up her sword and screamed at the beast. It reared on its back legs and roared again. It was trapped.
Jack stabbed at it from behind with the spear, not wanting to get close enough for a second stab with his sword. The beast swiped at the spear and its claws cleaved the end of it off effortlessly. Now he was very thankful he had been cautious.
Rachel eased closer, trying to get a clear shot at its chest. Jack and Chuck poked at it from behind, while Dave sidestepped and stabbed at it from the side with his spear. The creature swung at Dave’s spear, but he retracted it before the beast could make contact. The beast saw that there was only one way to go and took off at a gallop to the only side not occupied with a person.
The four of them chased it for a few hundred feet until the creature realized it had been trapped. They had forced it against a rock formation to keep its spiny back pointed away from them. The three men poked at it and tried to gain its attention while Rachel eased her way closer. The beast glanced at her each time she took a step, but the spears were a more immediate threat. When she was finally close enough, she pulled back her sword and aimed for its chest. She hoped that the heart was where she thought it was. One stab and run away, that’s all she had to do. It would bleed out, and they could claim their prize.
As she thrust forward, the creature swung its huge claws. Jack saw what was happening and put his body in the way. The creature hit Jack as Rachel stabbed it through the chest. Jack went flying, and the creature howled in pain. When Jack landed with a thud against a nearby rock, Rachel rushed to him.
“You fucking idiot! Why did you do that?!” she caressed his face and grimaced at the blood on his shirt. She gathered her willpower and pulled his shirt open. The creature had barely scratched him, he would be fine. It was bloody, and the wounds were deep, but there was no serious damage “You’re damn lucky!” she yelled and flicked him on the forehead. This was exactly why the new Jack was so dangerous. All she could think about was how much she wanted to kiss him. But kissing would lead to petting. Petting would lead to…she stood up. She needed to stop thinking like this.
“Ow,” he laughed. She looked down at him with pity and gratitude.
“Why did you do that? I could have dodged while I stabbed it,” she lied. She knew Jack had saved her life. The swipe had been aimed at her head. Jack had blunted it by running into the claws before the creature’s hand could completely turn. It had intended to stab her, but Jack had shielded her.
“Sidekick, remember? That’s my job,” he laughed, then held his chest. “I’ll be fine.” He wearily started to get up, and Rachel turned her attention back to the creature. It was suffering. She needed to put it out of its misery.
Jack pulled a spine out of his side as he used the tree to sturdy himself. Shit! He was going to die! Rachel had said the poison would kill them before they could reach a doctor. He needed to tell Rachel how he felt before it was too late. He limped his way over to where she stood above the creature, holding his chest and his side. If he was going to die, she could at least know the truth.
“Rachel, I have something to tell you,” Jack started.
Rachel lifted her sword and severed the creature’s head in one swipe. She blew the hair from her face, and Jack was mesmerized by her beauty once more. Her hair was a mess, and only halfway in the ponytail she had put it in earlier. Despite this, he couldn’t imagine a more beautiful woman. Her green eyes looked at him, and he couldn’t pull away this time. He needed to tell her before it was too late.
“What is it, Jack?” she looked at him, concern filling her face. He held his hand over his wound, and the blood trickled across it.
“How fast is that poison?” Chuck interrupted. “Would I survive if I accidentally got stabbed?” Rachel turned and noticed that the beast had a few spines on the back of its head. She used her sword and cut them off.
“If it even pricked you, you’d be in so much pain that you’d wish you were dead. I guess the poison is excruciating. People have said the victims would scream for about a minute before they fell over dead. Now, what did you want Jack?” She turned back to Jack and looked at his bloody hand again, full of regret. How could she ever repay him? He had saved her life. She knew exactly how she wanted to repay him. If only she wasn’t cursed.
Jack looked down where he had removed the spine and noticed that it was green, just like the poison dripping from the beast’s spines. The hole it left was tender but nothing like the pain she was describing, and it had been over a minute already. His chest actually hurt more than the small stab wound. Things like this had happened to him before, unexplainable things. People often got skittish around him after they realized how strange he was. He could not afford to tell Rachel. He looked at her face, so full of remorse and forced himself to smile.
“You owe me a drink when we go celebrate,” he grinned and turned around. He started limping back toward his sword and hoped that no one had seen the spine. If Rachel found out how strange he was, she’d definitely leave. All his work to make her see him would be wasted.
“I owe you more than that, Jack.” She looked at him walking away full of gratitude, then brushed the thoughts aside. “Even sidekicks deserve praise for stunts like that,” she said nervously, then forced a laugh, as she followed behind him. Why did he do that? He risked his life for her. This was not the same Jack she’d met a little over a year ago. She liked this new Jack, maybe a little too much.

Chapter 5
Rachel snuck into the seer’s hut. Chuck and Dave had collected their bounty then paid her and Jack, as promised. It seemed that the two men were reluctant to leave as well. They were currently sitting in the tavern waiting for her to show up before they started their celebration. The soldiers had left Dahring, so it was safe for her to join them tonight, and she wouldn’t miss it. She just needed to check with the seer one more time before they left this town. She hoped to hear more about whatever was next.
The old woman smiled kindly at Rachel as recognition filled her gaze.
Rachel held out two silvers, and the woman pushed her hand away.
“You will repay me one day, my child. I’ll collect your debt then,” the old woman said. Was this a prediction or a hope? Rachel couldn’t tell.
“Would you check one more time?” Rachel begged and held out her hands for the woman.
“It would be my pleasure.” She looked into Rachel’s eyes and smiled. “The clouds surrounding you have broken to show the sun. I can see that much already. You are starting down the right path.” She took Rachel’s hands, and this time, her smile didn’t leave.
“I’m on the right path? I found the man?” Rachel pleaded for more detail.
“No, you have not found the man. He is there, but you don’t see him. His intentions are clearer now, but he can’t make you see him. You have to open your own eyes. Just keep following this path, and soon, you will notice his influence. He is a rogue in the night, silent and ever watching. He will save you if you let him.” The woman focused on Rachel’s face and could see the joy her words had brought. “Just don’t let his sacrifices go unrewarded, or you will lose him forever and be lost once again.”
“Thank you.” Rachel’s face beamed at the old woman. She had finally made some progress. She was following the man but couldn’t see him? How was that possible? How could she reward a man she couldn’t even see? Seers were strange, and their predictions full of mystery. She might not even mean what she said. It might be a metaphor. Actually, it probably was a metaphor. They usually were.
Rachel walked from the hut full of happiness. She held her head high and strode toward the tavern, almost skipping. Whatever she was doing, whatever Jack had gotten her into, it needed to continue. Jack had led her to the man, the rogue. Jack really was her sidekick and a damn good one, at that.
She pushed open the tavern doors and found them right away. They had a table with four chairs and had left a seat for her with an ale in front of it. A smile filled her face as she walked across the tavern. She didn’t even care about the lustful glances she got from the dirty, smelly men. They could look all they wanted tonight. Not even they could sour her mood tonight.
She plopped down on the chair in time to hear the end of a story from Jack.
“And she punched me in the ribs twice then gave me a black eye. I didn’t stand a chance,” Jack said then lifted his ale.
“You’re something else, Rachel,” Chuck grinned.
“Jack also exaggerates,” she lifted one eyebrow then took a sip of her ale. “Did he tell you he was really drunk? Normally he’s a lot quicker than I am. Like with the Drahlbeere. You saved my life, Jack. It was stupid,” she laughed. “But thank you.”
“My pleasure, boss,” he lifted his ale to toast, and they all raised their mugs as well.
“So, I was thinking,” Dave started. “There’s a contract in the next town over, Teralane. It’s about a day’s walk to the east. It pays one hundred silvers. Four ways, that’s twenty-five each.” Dave looked at Rachel apprehensively, then added. “What do you say, boss?”
“What do you think, Jack?” she asked. If Jack was leading her to the man, she would follow. He would know what to do.
“Me?” he swallowed his ale hard and let out a cough.
“Yeah, I trust your judgment. Think we can do that again? You’ll be there to stand in the way if I get clumsy again, right?” She looked at Jack, waiting for his answer, her gaze full of gratitude and something else that Jack couldn’t quite place.
Jack was lost in her eyes for a moment. Something had changed in her, and maybe it was how he was treating her now. Why hadn’t he met Dave months ago? She was actually paying attention to him now.
“Sounds like a plan,” Jack said. “We could go around the country rescuing towns and saving up money. What would you save for?” he asked Rachel.
“I want a house. Maybe a house by the ocean or a river. I like to eat fish. My dad…” Rachel lowered her head, and her voice wavered. “My dad used to cook fish for us every Sunday.” 
“That sounds nice. I think I’m going to get a farm,” Jack quickly added, trying to save Rachel from her own thoughts. He knew that her dad was a sore subject. He was either dead or had left her. It had something to do with her running, and her bounty, but she would never tell him details about it.
“A farm by a river. That could work,” she replied.
Was she really thinking they’d still be together? Was she suggesting that they share the farm? The butterflies in Jack’s stomach were doing some kind of dance, and he suddenly didn’t want any more ale. He didn’t want to get stupid again and make her angry. Not when things were going so well.
“Of course, I’d have to move in right beside you,” she added, and Jack’s stomach fell. “I couldn’t leave my sidekick without supervision. What would you do without me? Burn your soup, and eat raw meat?” She laughed loudly, and everyone but Jack laughed with her. “Just kidding, Jack, I’ll teach you how to cook someday. It might take years, but someday.” She took another drink, and Jack forced himself to drink the rest of his.
“I’m a little tired,” Jack said and rubbed his chest. “I need to change the bandages too.” He stood up, and Rachel stood with him.
“I’ll be back at camp in an hour or so. Just want to have a little fun first. I don’t get to come to town much. I’ll help you with the bandages if you’re not sleeping,” she said kindly and patted him on the shoulder.
“Thanks,” Jack replied sadly and headed to the door.
He saw Rachel walking toward the back of the tavern and up the steps. What was she doing? He had assumed that she was going to drink and laugh with Dave and Chuck, but she walked right by them.
Rachel pulled out a silver and handed it to an attractive brunette who was clearly a prostitute then walked into one of the bedrooms upstairs. What the hell? Was she gay? The realization that she might be gay filled him with joy. Maybe she wasn’t interested in him because he was a guy, not because he was, for lack of a better word, ugly.
Jack walked carefully to the back stairs and climbed them. He casually walked to the door Rachel had entered and opened it quietly. No one from below could see him, the exception being someone who stood by the front door as he had. He peered inside and saw Rachel lying on the bed. She was covered, and Jack counted his blessings. Seeing her naked would send him over the edge. That was the last thing he needed. The naked image of the gorgeous woman who didn’t know he existed. That image would haunt him and torture him. Then he noticed someone was under the sheets and Jack watched, mesmerized as Rachel’s face was wracked with pleasure.
“Yes, like that,” she sighed. Her breathy voice sending shivers through Jack. If only he could be the one to make her sound like that.
“Shit, you’re good!” she exclaimed, and Jack shut the door.
That was it. She was gay. He felt a weight lift from his chest. She wasn’t interested because she liked women. Jack couldn’t hide his smile as he walked out the door.
He headed back to camp and felt like his troubles were over. He could live with being ‘just friends’ with Rachel if she was gay. Maybe he’d even quit thinking about her so much, eventually. Jack laughed loudly in the silent darkness. It would take a long time to quit thinking about her, but at least the tension and frustration would be gone. He could never have her, but it was ok now. She was just gay.

Chapter 6
Jack woke in the morning to the familiar smell of oatmeal with fruit. It smelled wonderful and predictable. Rachel had made breakfast. He got up and winced as he pulled the bandages from his chest. The wounds were healed enough. He wasn’t a baby. It would be better to let them dry out. It would leave a nice scar, but they would heal faster. He needed to be in top shape to help Rachel with their next contract.
He grabbed his bowl and spoon then helped himself to some food. He sat beside Rachel and smiled at her knowingly. She returned his gaze and confusion set in.
“What are you so cheery about?” she asked. “You didn’t get drunk and left before I did. Did you meet someone on the way back here?” she joked.
“No,” he smiled and leaned in. “I know you’re gay,” he whispered, unable to contain it any longer.
She raised one eyebrow and looked at him.
“I’m not gay,” she replied, trying to keep her voice down.
Now Jack was the one looking confused. He blurted it out before his brain caught up to his mouth.
“But I saw you…” As he realized what he had just admitted, he forced himself to stop.
“You, jerk!” she yelled, then grabbed his arm and tried to lift him up, but he was a lot heavier than she was. Jack gave in, stood, and followed her while she fumed.
“What did you see?!” she paced back and forth and glanced at Dave and Chuck, who were giving them concerned glances.
“You paid a whore to…umm…do things,” he said meekly.
“You little shit! You spying little jackass!” she yelled and felt she needed to explain to Chuck and Dave. She pushed Jack aside then yelled to them. “Don’t worry, I won’t hurt him too much!” she yelled to Dave and Chuck, then pulled Jack farther away.
“What I’m about to tell you. You can’t tell a soul. No one, not Dave, not Chuck. No one. Ever.” She stared him in the eyes, her gaze unblinking.
“You have my word,” Jack looked at her, worried. What had he stumbled into? This seemed serious. And what did she mean she wasn’t gay?
“I’m not gay. I just don’t want to get stuck with a kid. I’m on the run. I can’t put a kid through that,” she lied. She wanted to tell Jack. If anyone would understand, if anyone would believe her, it would be Jack. She just couldn’t do that to him. He was kind, actually quite a bit kinder lately, and generous. He risked his life to save her. He didn’t deserve the horrible truth that was her life. “So, I get a little relief from a prostitute once in a while. That doesn’t mean I’m gay.”
“Why don’t you get a guy to do it?” Jack asked, sincerely.
“Because guys will expect something in return, something I can’t give.” Rachel looked like she was lost and full of worry.
Jack wondered why this bothered her so much. There was more to it, but Jack was just happy to hear something, anything about her life. She even refused to tell him her last name. This was the most honest conversation they’d ever had about her.
“You could return the favor?” Jack looked at her, knowingly.
“Eww, why would I do that when I can pay a prostitute one silver,” Rachel looked like she smelled a rotten fish. “Besides, they’d still expect more.” She lifted one eyebrow and looked at Jack condescendingly.
“Not all guys,” he said honestly, with a silly smile.
“Really? Name one,” she said, not understanding what Jack was meaning.
“I’d do it for free, no strings,” Jack said it before he thought again.
Sometimes it seemed like his mouth had a mind of its own. He was always getting into trouble because, as his father had said ‘His mouth wrote checks his ass couldn’t cash.’ It seemed very appropriate and very accurate. He couldn’t count the number of times he’d had his ass beat because of some remark he had blurted out. That was a long time ago, before he’d grown up. Although he could hold his own now, he still couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
Rachel looked at him with gratitude for about half a second before she hid the emotion. He really would, wouldn’t he? He would be the one man different from the rest of them. Then she realized that it would be a mistake. Even if he never asked her to return the favor, she’d feel guilty. She never felt guilt with a prostitute. The woman got her silver, and that was the end of it. No emotion, no attachments. It was a transaction and nothing more. She couldn’t afford to get attached to someone, not even Jack. Though if she had to pick, it would be him. She looked at the ground. If she had any choice in this at all, it would definitely be Jack.
“I’d never ask you to do that, but I appreciate the sentiment,” she replied.
“I understand,” Jack said meekly and started back toward the campfire.
“I don’t think you do, Jack. She grabbed his arm and spun him around. If things were different,” she kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you. I appreciate it but…” again she couldn’t finish her thought. Jack didn’t deserve to suffer the truth of her life. “If I ever change my mind…about a guy. You just better know what you’re doing. I pay good money to have it done right.” She smiled, and he returned her look with new hope in his eyes.
“You could always just buy a draught.” He was referring to a potion mixed by seers to keep a woman from getting pregnant. Most seers sold them, and although it wasn’t a good idea to use them too often. They could keep a woman from getting pregnant for a few days, maybe even a week.
“You think I have twenty silver to blow? For one night?” she raised both her eyebrows and looked at him like he was insane.
“Yeah, that would be twenty whores. I can even see the math on that one,” he snickered.
“Right?” she laughed and put her arm on his shoulder.
Jack made up his mind as they walked back to the camp. He’d save it for her. He had nothing to spend money on. Saving for a farm was dumb. Maybe someday, but Rachel was more important. He could easily steal something and sell it. He just needed to find another slaver and be more careful this time. Then he remembered their new job. He’d have twenty-five silvers in a day or two. He’d have plenty.
It was funny how his life had changed. He had been a dishonorable thief just a little over a year ago. One disappointed glance and a few harsh words from Rachel and he quit stealing from peasants without even realizing why. He even disliked thinking about what he used to do. Just the thought of it caused revulsion. Not because he felt guilty but because of the look on Rachel’s face. He never wanted to see that look again. He wasn’t a good guy, but for her, he’d try.
Rachel eyed Jack deviously as they rejoined Chuck and Dave. He saw the expression, and his heart pounded in his chest. What was she thinking? Was she reconsidering his offer? Before Jack could torture himself any longer, she spoke.
“We haven’t practiced in days. What do you say?” she smirked at Jack.
It wasn’t what she wanted to ask him, but maybe the adrenaline of sparring with him would take her mind off the images he’d sparked in her mind. What would it be like with Jack instead of a woman? One side of her mouth raised, almost a smile, as she thought about it. Would he be any good? Would she care if he wasn’t? She doubted she’d even care. If it was him between her legs, someone she wanted, it wouldn’t matter. She’d teach him and be happy to do it. That would be part of the fun.
Her smile continued to grow until she was very aware of how she was looking at Jack. She turned away and walked to an empty part of the field near them. She forced the thoughts away. It wasn’t possible, fun to imagine, but very impossible.
Jack’s heart was going a mile a minute. What was that look from Rachel? That almost looked like lust for half a second. Was she actually considering taking him up on his offer? He didn’t care if she returned the favor. About that, he had been completely honest. He’d do that for her any time without reward. Well, he would want some reward, but her gratitude and more of that look would be plenty. Maybe he’d been mistaken. Maybe that look had been something else. What if he’d only seen what he wanted to see?
Jack smiled and finally answered. Had he seriously been just staring at her this whole time? He’d barely registered the question, that look was far too distracting.
“Sure, I could use some practice.” Truthfully, Jack loved to practice with Rachel. It was the only time they were physically close. Apart from the occasional friendly kiss on the cheek, this was the only time he touched Rachel. Then Jack remembered that winter was coming again. They used to snuggle together for warmth every night. His stomach did flips. Would she want to do that again this year? Last year he hadn’t realized he was in love with her yet. What would it be like this year?
Jack took a spot a few feet from Rachel and lifted his fists.
“Go easy on me,” he smiled.
“Don’t be a wuss,” she laughed. Dave and Chuck looked on full of excitement.
Rachel shifted closer to Jack, keeping her guard up. He threw a punch at her waist, and she dodged. It was far to the left. She’d barely even had to move to avoid it. Sometimes it seemed like Jack was going easy on her. Was he really this bad at fighting?
Rachel threw a punch, and Jack dodged. She’d aimed at his face, but he moved just enough that it caught him in the shoulder.
“Nice one, keep your feet steady,” Jack said. He was about to say more and Rachel could see it on his face, but he stopped.
Rachel threw another punch at his stomach, and Jack took it squarely, without moving. He doubled over and let out a groan.
“Damn, that was good,” he grunted.
“Get up, sissy,” she said as she danced around.
He smiled and straightened himself again.
“I said go easy on me,” he laughed.
She came in for another one, and Jack instinctively spun around her and slapped her on the ass. His heart raced as he realized what he’d just done. Not only had he moved too quickly to keep up his ruse but where he’d hit her…that had been a bad idea.
She turned around grinning.
“Oh, I see how it is,” she mocked. “I’m not one of your waitresses.” She stuck out her tongue and moved in closer.
She threw a series of blows, and Jack let every other one hit. The shoulder he dodged, but he did it in a way that her left hook got him in the jaw. Then she punched again at his face, and he dodged that to leave his side open. Her left hand wasn’t as strong as her right. He could take the hits from that and keep going. He had to make it look good, or she would stop. She couldn’t know he was letting her win, or it would hurt her feelings. Why did he do it? The look on her face. It was worth more than the small bruises and sore muscles. It was worth every painful moment.
Jack took a step back, and Rachel grinned cunningly at him.
“Had enough?” she asked.
“Nope. I’m getting better. I dodged a few that time,” he laughed. His face hurt, and his ribs hurt, but he wasn’t about to let this end.
Rachel had been right. Sparring did take her mind off her attraction. At least it did at first. The more they fought, the more Jack’s muscles distracted her. He was building up a sweat now, and his shirt clung to his muscular body. She wanted to run her fingers up his arms, along those muscular shoulders and down his chest to his stomach. She wanted his hands to…Jack broke her fantasy as he stepped in closer.
Jack threw a punch at her side, and it nicked her on the way through. It was a little painful, but she shook it off. It had been her fault. She was too busy paying attention to his body and not paying attention to what he was doing.
Jack’s stomach fell as he felt his fist connect with her side. He had expected her to move. This is what he always did. Throw a punch that was almost aimed correctly, and she moved. If he’d hurt her, he’d never forgive himself. Hit her in the shoulder, sure, the thigh, sure, even the ass was fine but not the stomach. Not somewhere that would actually hurt. Not her face and not her stomach. He’d been careless. He wouldn’t do that again.
Rachel countered with a right hook to his jaw, and Jack let it land. He’d seen it coming in the way she held her shoulders and in her stance. He knew exactly where the blow was intended to land, and he just took it. He deserved it for hurting her. It meant that the sparring would be over, but he might get something else out of it. He smiled as the punch landed and then fell on his back.
She was quite strong. Even though he saw it coming, it still dazed him. The fall backward hadn’t been all for show. He seriously felt dizzy for a second. She was getting a lot better.
Rachel rushed to his side and knelt over him. She cradled his head while he looked up at her. She bent down and kissed his cheek where she’d landed the punch.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to hit you so hard.” She looked so distraught and so compassionate. Why couldn’t she always look at him like this? Getting hurt was the only time he actually thought she saw him. One of the fleeting moments where Rachel looked at him and didn’t see the ugly thief.
“My fault,” he apologized. “I got so distracted when I actually hit you for once that I didn’t notice the retaliation coming right at my face.” He laughed and put his hand on his jaw.
“You have to pay attention, Jack.” She continued to hold his head and slid it onto her lap. “You scared me.” Her heart was pounding so hard that it filled her ears. She needed to quit daydreaming about him. It was dangerous. She couldn’t allow herself to have these feelings for someone, especially not Jack. The one person she really wanted was the one person she would never let herself have. The more she wanted to be with him, the less she wanted to hurt him, and that is exactly what would happen.
Jack laid there for as long as he could, until it started to get awkward. Staring at Rachel, his head in her lap was about the most enjoyable thing in the world. Despite this, every glance she gave him made it more difficult to stay there. She looked into his eyes, and he was mesmerized by her gaze. She leaned in closer; the look on her face was very confusing. He wanted to kiss her, but as the urge pulsed inside him, he forced himself to stand.
If he kissed her, she would just punch him again, and this time there’d be no regrets. Just like the last time he kissed her, she’d be mad for half the day. It wasn’t worth the feelings that came afterward. He still remembered that kiss. It almost seemed like she kissed him back, at least at first. Then she came to her senses and beat the hell out of him. He still didn’t understand why she’d gotten so mad, but he didn’t blame her. It was stupid. You don’t just kiss a woman like Rachel. That type of woman, one so beautiful that it took your breath away, had to kiss you first. Especially when you looked like he did.
Rachel stood up, very uncomfortable. Was she really just about to kiss Jack? He wasn’t drunk this time. Would he kiss her back? He sure looked like he wanted to. She thought back to their first kiss. How wonderful it felt. He was an amazing kisser. Then the frustration and anger hit her again. He’d been drunk and probably mistook her for one of his waitresses, either that or he wasn’t all that particular about whom he was kissing. Her chest hurt just thinking about it. She’d wanted to kiss him for so long. Why did he have to be drunk? Today he wouldn’t have been drunk, and she bit her lip as she turned away from him. He’d wanted to. She was almost sure of it. Why had he stood up so quickly? She couldn’t have much with him…but a kiss? She could kiss him if he wanted to.
Rachel shook it off. Thinking this way was stupid. Even a kiss would hurt Jack in the end. He’d want more. He’d expect more…then she realized that it was Jack. Jack wouldn’t expect more, not Jack. She smiled and glanced at him, walking around. He looked nervous, either that or upset. He was confusing sometimes. Perhaps it was for the best. She had been right. Even a kiss could hurt him.
The band of them packed up their things and headed off to Teralane. They stopped by Chuck’s house so he could grab some things for himself and Dave before a heartfelt goodbye from his parents. It seemed like Chuck’s dad was happy to see them go, though his mother cried. Maybe the blacksmith saw this as his son’s chance at a life. His son wasn’t the best blacksmith, in fact, he was horrible, but he had helped kill a Drahlbeere. A job worthy of his father’s pride.
On the way to Teralane, they saw a sign along the road. It had drawing of King Daniel Volneer on it, and the words below were ominous. ‘One hundred gold reward for the safe return of the king’s daughter. Anyone seeing the princess or providing details that result in her return will be paid in coin.’ Below this was the torn scraps of what looked like a portrait. The top half was missing, and only her pretty dress was left.
Jack laughed as he read it.
“Maybe we should go find her.” Then he looked at the sign and stabbed the king through the face. “Nah, even the spoiled princess doesn’t deserve that bastard. She probably figured out what he was really like and split.” Jack walked on while Dave looked at Rachel knowingly.
“Don’t you dare,” she warned.
“I have many secrets,” Dave smiled. “I’ll gladly add yours to the pile.” He walked on, and Rachel sighed. Dave was way too smart. In fact, he was too smart to be doing this job. Why was he not in some college somewhere, learning to be a banker or a teacher? Thankfully, Jack was not as observant nor as perceptive.
Rachel caught up to Dave and stretched to put her hand across to his opposite shoulder. She pulled him closer.
“If you ever need anything. You let me know,” she smiled, then removed her hand.
“I hope I never have to cash that in,” he said kindly then stood up straight again.
Chuck kicked at the rocks along the road, completely oblivious to all the deception going on around him. He had friends and a job. That was all he cared about. His dad would be proud of him someday. This was his chance to prove that he wasn’t a screw-up.
As they neared Teralane, the day was turning to night. They set up camp a little ways from the settlement. They could see the dim lights in the distance and even heard some of the commotion in the town square. It sounded like the soldiers from Dahring had made their way here and were busy persecuting people, looking for the princess.
“They sure want to find her, don’t they?” Jack asked, looking off into the distance at the town.
“Why do you hate the king so much?” Rachel asked. Dave and Chuck had turned in already. They were not used to walking so much, but Rachel and Jack were far too familiar with it. They didn’t even break a sweat anymore. They had been walking almost constantly for a year now. Barely staying a day or two at each town as they meandered their way across the kingdom. Jack had no idea where they were going, but Rachel insisted they keep moving to avoid the bounty on her head.
“Not important,” Jack said sadly. Rachel hated to do it, but she needed to understand. She had one card to play, and she felt it was time to use it.
“I told you my secret. It’s your turn.” She felt guilty because she had lied to him, but it was for his own good. This was also for his own good. If she could understand then maybe she could help him.
“Fine,” he said, giving in. “It’s just hard to talk about.”
Rachel was chilly, so she snuggled up against him. This gave him courage.
“When I was nine, a band of the king’s men came to my house. The king’s brother led them and…” This was clearly difficult to talk about. Rachel picked up his hand and held it. Jack looked at his hand in hers and found the desire to continue. He’d do almost anything to keep this moment going.
“They killed my parents, my two brothers and my sister. They even tried to kill me. I was the baby of the family, so they left me until last. Xavier stood over me and told me that King Daniel had ordered their death. He blasted me with magic, and a woman that was with them threw herself on top of me. The blast killed her, but I was saved. I was knocked out by the blast, but she saved me. I never even knew her name.” Jack looked at Rachel longingly, but she returned the gaze with compassion. It wasn’t what he hoped for, but it was still nice.
“I woke the next day and found my way to a town. I guess Xavier thought I was dead. I thought I was dead.” Jack laughed to mask the pain, but Rachel could tell it was a ruse. She squeezed his hand more tightly.
“It’s ok, Jack. Xavier is a cruel man.” Rachel looked down at their hands, and for a moment, Jack thought she was giving away one of her secrets. If he could just figure out what it meant.
“Well, you know the rest. I stayed alive by stealing food then worked my way up to stealing bigger things.” He paused and looked at her. She returned his gaze, and he saw something else there this time. It wasn’t much, but it was more than just pity and compassion. He decided that this look deserved some honesty. “I’m glad I met you, Rachel. I never really thought about it before, but stealing from peasants is wrong. They don’t have much more than I do. I have you to thank for that.” He thought on this for a moment. Maybe he wasn’t such a bad man. Rachel had shown him a better way, and he actually believed it now. She made him want to be better.
She pushed her head against his arm and squeezed his hand tightly.
“You would have seen it yourself eventually. You’re a good person, Jack.” She yawned and released his hand to cover her mouth.
“You should get to bed,” Jack said. He put his arm around her and squeezed tightly.
“You know, you shouldn’t blame King Daniel,” she looked up at him, her green eyes pleading with him to believe her. “Xavier is an evil man, or so I hear.” She looked down again. She was hiding something from him. “King Daniel might not even have known what Xavier was up to. I hear that Xavier wants the throne.”
“Really?” Jack asked in shock.
“Yeah, and from what I hear. King Daniel is now his prisoner. He can’t afford to kill the king until they find his daughter. She knows the truth, and if she ever found people to believe her, it would ruin Xavier’s plans.” She returned her gaze to Jack, and he looked down on her with a new understanding.
“So, you think it was Xavier’s idea? Why go to all the trouble to kill a family of farmers? I mean, what’s to gain there?” Jack’s eyes begged for another piece of enlightenment.
“One of them must have been a threat. I hear…” Rachel looked down again, and Jack caught her look once more. Every time she said, ‘I hear’. It was like she was hiding something. “I hear that Xavier is looking for a man that could be a threat to him. He uses seers to find him. A man so strong that he rivals Xavier. But that is just what I hear.” She forced a laugh, and Jack could hear something in it. A sadness. Even though he could tell, she was hiding something he believed her as if the king himself had told him. She knew something. Something more than she was saying, but Jack was not about to push for more. She was still snuggling against him, his arm around her and he’d do anything to keep her right beside him.
They sat there deep in thought for a while, staring at the fire. Jack could feel her drifting off to sleep in his embrace, and he finally forced himself to stand up. He could sit here all night, but the thought of her waking up beside him and being upset made him cringe. As good as it would feel, he would never hurt her or give her a reason to be upset with him. Not if he could help it and this time, he could help it. It wasn’t winter, and she hadn’t wanted him to snuggle. It would be selfish to assume.
He lifted her up and moved her to her bedroll. She didn’t even stir until he had her safely inside it. She opened her eyes briefly and smiled at him.
“Thanks, Jack,” she said softly then pulled the bedroll tightly to her chest and rolled onto her side.
He smiled then put his bedroll on the opposite side of the fire from her. He didn’t want to take any chances. He could watch her from here. It would be a stupid mistake to lay beside her unless she asked. She might get angry and think he was assuming something else. He’d tried a few times, and it always ended badly. All of them had been when he was drunk, but the result would have been the same, even if he’d been sober. If there was ever going to be something there, she’d have to be the one to start it.

Chapter 7
Rachel woke the next morning and noticed Dave was gone. Chuck and Jack were still sleeping. She frowned as she looked at Jack. She had hoped he would curl up beside her and hold her like he used to. The disappointment was tempered with remorse. She was being selfish again. It would only serve to hurt Jack. She pushed her disappointment aside and started the oatmeal with some water they’d brought with them. This campsite didn’t have fresh water anywhere near it. As she waited for the water to boil, Dave came walking back, grinning from ear to ear.
“What’s got you in such a chipper mood?” she asked, returning his smile.
“Figured these could heat up the fire a little,” he said as he handed her a stack of papers. There must have been at least ten pages. She looked at them horrified as she realized what they were. “Don’t want anyone to recognize the princess, do we?” Dave smiled.
Rachel looked at Dave with new respect. He wasn’t just keeping her secret, he was actively helping her. What a kind and generous man.
“You sure you don’t need anything?” she asked.
“Actually,” he started and looked at Chuck sleeping. “Can you make sure Chuck stays back? He won’t listen to me. He’s good at planning. He can get supplies and help with the chores, but he’s not a fighter. That Drahlbeere was a fluke. He had a spear and distance, but if it had turned on him…” He trailed off, and Rachel saw something on his face. She had caught it several times before, but as Dave looked at Chuck again, she was sure of it now. This was the reason Dave wasn’t at some college somewhere. Chuck was his boyfriend. They were in love.
“Does his family know?” Rachel asked.
“Yes, we wouldn’t hide it from them.” Dave sat down beside Rachel, feeling much more at ease now.
“You should have seen the look on his dad’s face. It was priceless. The relief and understanding. He knew but was afraid to ask. The story about Chuck stealing for a girl…” He started, but Rachel finished it.
“He stole it for you. That story was for our benefit.” Rachel understood it all now. The strangeness at the blacksmith’s house. It all made sense.
“Yes, Chuck’s dad doesn’t want anyone to treat us differently. He assumes everyone will react like the city guards.” Dave looked solemn now.
“No one turned him in, did they?” Rachel asked.
“Nope, the guards went straight for Chuck. Even if he hadn’t done it, they would have blamed him anyway. They just got lucky. Believe me. They got really lucky. You don’t want to make Chuck’s dad angry. He may be old, but he’d take on the whole city guard. They’d lose most of their men before they took him down.” Dave said this with respect. She wanted to ask about his own parents, but from the appreciation and love he directed at Chuck’s dad, she knew the answer. His own parents hadn’t understood, or he hadn’t told them.
“Well then, seems like I still owe you. I’m holding your secret, you’re holding mine, but you went that extra mile to make sure nobody found out,” she said appreciatively.
“Mine isn’t really a secret, just not something I want to announce,” Dave said, smiling.
“Fair enough,” she replied. “Still means I owe you.”
“Just taking us along is payment enough. If we can find something we can do together…Chuck isn’t that good with reading and studying.” Dave looked at Chuck tenderly again.
“He’s what? Eighteen?” she asked as she stirred the oatmeal. She tossed the flyers into the fire and watched her drawing crumble and disintegrate.
“He’s twenty,” Dave replied.
“See, he’ll grow up soon. You two might just make good monster hunters,” she laughed. She heard Jack stirring from the other side of the fire and fell silent.
“What’s that?” Jack asked groggily.
“Nothing. Morning, Jack,” she replied and smiled at Dave.
“Could you do me a favor?” Dave asked.
“Sure, anything.” She stirred the oatmeal and pulled out some to taste.
“Teach Chuck how to fight?” he asked meekly.
“Sure, I’d love to,” she replied then waved at her mouth. “Hot!” She waved some more then smiled. “But it’s done.”
They grabbed their bowls and dug in. While they ate, Jack looked on full of envy. Dave and Rachel had a secret. He’d heard part of it as he woke and it sounded pretty bad. If Dave stole Rachel right out from under him, just as he was making progress… He couldn’t even give the feeling words. Then he realized that Rachel didn’t belong to him, she didn’t even see him. If she wanted Dave, then who was he to stand in their way. Dave was a decent guy. Nice, funny and kind. He sure knew how to talk to a woman. Maybe she deserved someone like Dave. Jack angrily scraped his bowl then used as little water as possible to wash it out. The worst part was, Dave seemed to know how he felt about her, and he was moving in on her anyway.
“What’s up, Jack?” Rachel asked as she bounded up beside him. She seemed to be in a great mood. He wasn’t happy about it, but at the same time, he was. He just felt better knowing she was happy, even if it was because of Dave.
“Not much, just wondering what kind of monster we’re going to have to fight this time,” he said with a forced laugh. If she wanted Dave, she could have Dave. Anything that made her this happy was worth any discomfort on his part. It didn’t mean he was going to give up, but if Dave was who she wanted and Rachel was happy… He would be happy for her, or at least he’d try to be.
“Dave tells me that it’s a witch,” she beamed. She scraped her bowl into the grass beside his and then took the water container and rinsed her bowl.
“A witch? So we’re going to kill an old lady?” Jack asked as she handed him back the water, and he took a swig.
They headed back toward the fire, and Rachel waited to explain. When she was sure Chuck was listening too, she started.
“Our contract is for a witch’s head. It’s not going to be easy. And no, it’s not an old lady.” She looked at Jack with a silly grin, and his spirits lifted. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad.
“A witch is like a vampire. They look like people because it’s camouflage. They are really clever beasts. Deadly and cunning. A witch’s magic is very powerful. We’ll need some shields or something. Maybe we can get some from Teralane. I don’t have much to trade, but we do have twenty silver between us. Well nineteen now,” she looked at Jack knowingly. He smiled back. At least she trusted him with this secret. That was something.
“Shields should be about a silver each. I might even be able to talk em into doing a package deal for four,” Chuck added.
“Chuck is a master negotiator. He sells all his dad’s swords. If anyone can talk them down, it’s Chuck,” Dave beamed.
Rachel could see it on Dave’s face. It was the one thing Chuck was truly good at, and Dave would praise him until Chuck could see it for himself.
“Small price to pay since we’re getting twenty-five each if we succeed.” Rachel looked around waiting for anyone to object, but they all nodded.
“We’ll succeed. I have faith in you,” Jack said, looking at Rachel.
She looked back at him appreciatively then got her pack ready. The others took their cue from her, and they were soon on their way to Teralane.
“Any soldiers?” Rachel asked quietly as she walked beside Dave.
“Nope, they moved on early this morning. I waited for them to go before I brought back you’re present,” Dave said, hinting.
Jack listened and grew sad again. Bringing her presents. Why hadn’t he thought of that? What kind of presents did she want? Dave was good. Maybe he should just give up. He’d been trying for months. Dave shows up, and in days, he was miles ahead.
Jack moped along behind them as they approached the shop with many swords and pieces armor out front. There were a few shields, but Rachel was looking for a specific kind. The large door shaped shields were too heavy, the ones they needed had to be small and easy to wield. Although Jack could manage one of the larger shields, she doubted any of the rest of them could. Besides, Jack was quick. He probably didn’t even need the shield. She looked at Jack and watched him run his finger across a sword.
“They’re dull until you buy one,” Rachel teased.
“Ok,” his face filled with joy at the sound of her voice. “I was wondering why they would sell dull swords.”
“Keeps people with wandering fingers from getting cut,” she laughed.
“I guess it’s working,” Jack looked back at her guiltily then smiled.
Damn, she knew a lot. Where had she learned all this? She knew about swords and shields. How to kill creatures he’d never even heard of and so much more that he had no clue about. She was amazing and far beyond anything he could ever hope for. Dave was more Rachel’s type. Dave was smart and kind. Rachel was too good for a stupid, homely looking thief like himself.
Rachel found the type of shield she was looking for in the back corner. They weren’t very popular with soldiers because they were too light to block many blows and a spear would go right through them. They were thin and very shiny but covered a good portion of the upper body. It was more of a buckler than a real shield.
“Four of these,” she said to Chuck who stepped forward full of confidence. “Good sir. We’d like to purchase three of these,” he said, pointing at the shields.
“Three silver,” the man behind the counter said grumbling.
“Three silver?” Chuck asked, his face full of exasperation.
“Three,” the man replied.
“How long have you had these? This one is a bit rusty. Not really sure it will do. Maybe we’ll take two.” He flicked one of them with his finger then made a disgusted face. “Did you use pure steel for these?” He asked, knowing the answer.
“No, they are a mix of steel and tin,” the man sounded worried now.
“No no no, these will not do. I’m so sorry, Rachel. I thought this place was better. We’ll have to go to the next town. I’m so sorry,” he said and put his arm on her shoulder. He started to lead her out, but the merchant quickly came around the counter and picked one of the shields up.
“I’ll give you all three for two silver,” the man pleaded.
Chuck stopped.
“Well, that might do. We could use them until we found a more solid shield for you,” he said, looking at Rachel.
“They’re for her?” the man asked.
“Why yes,” Chuck’s voice almost went up a full octave. “The fighting fire maiden. We’re bound for the pits next week. She needs a shield that’s light and easy to use but also strong enough to stop those brutes. You should see this lady fight. It’s like watching a dance. If we can find a man willing to make decent shields, he might become just as famous as her. Everyone will want to know where her shields came from.”
The man grabbed all four shields and put them at her feet.
“They are built strong. One silver for all four. I’ll even make more if you like.” The man was practically groveling at her feet. She took pity on him.
“I’ll give you two for four. It’s a fair price. She handed him two silvers. Don’t make more just yet. I may need to make modifications.” She walked confidently out the door. “Would you grab those please, men?” She held her nose up on the way out, and the men grabbed the shields.
When they were all outside, Rachel couldn’t hold it in any longer.
“Did you see the look on his face?” Rachel laughed. “Chuck! I had no idea. You’re a master.”
Chuck did a small bow, and Dave smiled, full of pride.
“I thought I was good at talking people out of stuff,” Jack mused. “You could have gotten anything in the store.”
“He’s a working man,” Rachel scolded.
Jack looked at her, guiltily.
“You’re right. We got a fair price for shields he’d never sell. He probably has a family to feed.” Jack looked at his feet. He had done it again. He let his greed and excitement cloud his better judgment. He wasn’t good enough for Rachel.
“Hmm, a far cry from the unscrupulous thief I met a year ago,” Rachel laughed. “You’re learning.” She put her arm on his shoulder, and he forgot all about disappointing her a second ago.
Then he realized. It had been a little over a year. He thought carefully. He counted the days in his head. Next week was Rachel’s birthday. She’d be twenty-seven. Oh, it would be perfect. Now he wouldn’t have to worry about giving her the draught. He could disguise it as a birthday gift without giving away his real intentions. If she chose to use it with him, it would be her decision. This was completely and totally perfect.
They walked along the road out of town, Jack took up the rear, deviously plotting how he would give it to her and imagining her response. Chuck and Dave walked beside each other, and Rachel was up ahead of them all. She kept an eye out for signs of a witch. They were usually found deep in the forest, but this one had been seen near farmhouses.
It seemed like she’d been chased from her den and was looking for somewhere new to stay. It was the only explanation that made much sense. Witch’s despised civilization. They would eat the occasional child if forced to hunt near humans but preferred wild game. Some idiot had disturbed her den and forced her out into the open. The daft person probably hadn’t even realized what he’d found. Witches would often steal shiny trinkets, coins and jewelry then hoard them. The simplistic fool who had disturbed her probably thought he’d come across an abandoned bandit hideout or something.
Three children had gone missing lately, and they were headed toward the third house the witch had hit. Each of them had reported missing trinkets as well as their missing children. The houses were all in a straight line heading south. The witch was feeding and gathering along its way to find a new home. If they could just figure out where she was before the next house was hit, they’d have their reward and be headed off once again, one hundred silver richer.
As they passed the last house that had been hit, Rachel noticed a trail in the tall grass leading toward the woods.
“I see the trail,” she called to them, and the three men followed her. Each had a shield, and Jack had his sword. Chuck and Dave had small daggers. They were not going to kill her, just help corner her. Then she remembered her promise. As tough as a Drahlbeere was, a witch was another thing entirely. A witch was fast, very fast. It had magic and sharp claws. ”Chuck, can you do me a favor?” she asked and gave Dave a knowing look.
“What’s that?” Chuck asked.
“Can you go to that house,” Rachel pointed behind them toward the house of the last victims. “Knock on their door and get some more information. Anything they can tell you. Even the smallest detail might help. I’m going to see if I can pick up the trail.”
Chuck looked around nervously.
“Can Dave go with me?” Chuck asked. He searched the trees, fearful that the witch might get him at any moment.
“Sure,” Rachel said with a smile. “Dave’s pretty sharp. He might pick up on something you missed.”
Chuck breathed a sigh of relief.
“But that will only leave you and Jack?” Dave argued. “We need to earn our cut.”
“We’re a team. You have your jobs, Jack and I have ours. You two each have your own skills. Skills that Jack and I would be lacking if it wasn’t for you coming along. This is what Jack and I are good at,” she said, looking at Dave kindly.
Dave accepted this begrudgingly and led Chuck toward the house.
“You mean the job you’re good at,” Jack winked at her.
“You have your moments,” she smirked.
“I guess I am your sidekick. Someone’s gotta watch your back.” He started into the forest and looked around.
“You can’t watch my back if you’re in front of me,” she laughed.
“Right, boss.” He did a silly salute then followed her. “Not like I had any idea what I was looking for anyway,” he laughed.
Rachel walked cautiously through the dim forest, and Jack followed her closely. His eyes darted around quickly as every shadow seemed to hold a secret. He had no idea what Rachel was following, but he trusted her. His job was to make sure that nothing snuck up on her, and that was fine with him. It was a job he could handle and even liked. He didn’t have to worry about the monster or where to find it. Just keep Rachel safe.
Jack noticed the remnants of a farmhouse ahead of them. He wanted to ask Rachel if it was the right place but was afraid to even speak. He followed her as she stepped over a fallen tree branch then crept toward the house. It looked like the roof was still intact. There were branches all over it, but inside the doorway, the house looked hollow and dark. The door had been removed from its hinges and was laid out on the ground. There were holes in it. Rachel flipped the door up, and the claw marks were clearly visible. This was the place.
Rachel eased the door back down and stepped inside. A low hissing sound, like a cat, could be heard. It was much lower and more menacing than a cat, but the sound was similar. Then the hiss turned to a growl. Jack walked through the door and saw what had frozen Rachel in place. Two deep red eyes were staring back at them from across the large room. In the corner, Jack could make out a few trinkets and even a couple silvers along with human bones. The bones of the most recent victim.
The witch looked almost human but not entirely. Its silhouette in the dim light reminded him of a human, but the way it moved and its stance seemed more like an animal.
Rachel held her shield up, and Jack followed her lead. She whispered quietly.
“No sudden movements. Keep your shield up and ready.” She spoke so quietly that Jack had to replay it in his head to make sure of what she had said. The growl from the witch was far louder than Rachel’s voice and very distracting.
Without warning the witch lept at Rachel. Instinctively Jack shot out his sword and caught it on the arm. The creature bounced off Rachel’s shield and hid in the opposite corner of the house. It was really fast. Rachel hadn’t expected it to be that fast. Luckily for her, Jack was nearly as fast as the thing was. She thanked anybody listening that Jack was the one with her today. Jack was amazing. She wasn’t nearly the monster hunter Jack said she was. She had the knowledge, but she’d be lost without Jack.
Rachel eased her way toward the creature again and saw its eyes dart from the stash of trinkets back to her several times.
“It’s guarding its stash,” she whispered and the creature lept at her again. This time she was ready and jabbed with her sword as she pushed hard with her shield. She hit its leg, and it went scampering back to its stash.
“Why isn’t it using magic?” Jack asked, right as the witch blasted him with a powerful beam of energy. He had been looking at Rachel and wasn’t ready for it. The beam hit him square in the chest, and he flew backward.
Rachel rushed to him, and he got up with a smile.
“Close one,” he lied. “Caught my shield.”
“Be more careful,” she scolded.
Did it really catch his shield? She could have sworn he’d taken it squarely in the chest. She felt like her stomach had fallen on the ground, and someone had stomped on it. What would she do without Jack? Jack was her only link to the man, and…he was Jack. She’d come to depend on him being there. Cheering her up when she was depressed with her horrible life. What would she do if something like this witch killed him? She tossed the link to the man aside. She didn’t care about the man. Losing Jack would be worse than losing this mysterious rogue. Jack made her life bearable. She could lose the man, even her life. If something happened to Jack…that would be worse.
The witch unleashed another beam as she was distracted by Jack’s new importance to her. Jack shot up and caught it with his shield. He didn’t fly backward this time. The magic just shot off the shiny metal. Rachel looked at him, stunned. The first beam had hit him. How was he still alive? Witches had been known to stop a full-grown man’s heart with one beam. Someone as large as Chuck’s dad would be dead in an instant. Jack wasn’t small, but he shouldn’t have been able to survive that. Maybe she had been thinking about their partnership all wrong. Maybe she was his sidekick. He had saved her from the Drahlbeere and now saved her from the witch. Then again, maybe they both had this wrong. Neither of them was the sidekick. Perhaps their partnership was simply that, a partnership.
The creature lunged again, and Rachel shot toward it, sword peeking around the edge of the shield. She aimed the shield more carefully this time, and Jack slid to the side. The witch bounced off his shield then into hers. Rachel caught it right in the chest with her sword. It shuddered for a second then its red eyes went black.
“We did it!” Jack exclaimed.
“We sure did, partner,” she said.
“Nah, I’m just the sidekick. You killed it,” he rebutted.
“Bullshit! You bounced it right at me. It was as much you, as it was me. And you saved me again.” She looked at him gratefully, and he turned away. In the dark house, she couldn’t see the redness on his face, but he could feel it. He couldn’t let her see this. He was making some progress with her, she could at least see him now. She just didn’t see him as a man she might want to be with.
“That’s what sidekicks do. We save the important one. The heroine. That’s the job of the sidekick,” he explained while he sifted through the junk the witch had left. He pocketed two silvers, and Rachel noticed.
“What you going to do with those?” she asked snidely.
“Umm, I was going to give it to that house where Chuck and Dave are. They just lost their kid. It’s not much, but maybe it will help. Maybe pay for a gravestone or something,” Jack hung his head.
“Sounds good,” she put her hand on his back and ushered him outside.
She quickly walked back inside and removed the witches head.
“Can’t forget this,” she said, holding up the disgusting head.
Now that Jack could see it better, it was clear that it wasn’t human. It looked more like a cat than human. It had fangs and shorter, sharp teeth all through its mouth. It had no fur, just greyish skin. It only had two holes for its nose, and it was much smaller than he remembered. Perhaps it was the excitement and fear, but he could have sworn it was Rachel’s size when they were fighting it. Now it looked not much larger than the children it had stolen. It was about the size of a ten-year-old kid, at most.
“We did a good thing here, Jack,” she said, noticing Jack’s expression.
“I know. I’m feeling sorry for the ones it killed, not for it. It was vicious. You were right about the vampire thing. It’s just like a vampire.” He turned away from the hideous thing and eyed the edge of the forest.
“Actually they’re related. Very similar, except for the way they kill their prey.” Rachel stopped. There was no need to go into details. In an educational setting, it might be productive and useful. Now, after seeing the creature first hand and knowing what it had done, the children it had killed, it was pointless. Jack knew all too well what this creature was capable of. He didn’t need her to explain it. The look on his face told her that Jack understood much more clearly than any of the other kids she’d studied with.
They walked silently until they were back at the house. The couple was in tears as Rachel explained what they had found. She showed them the beasts head, and the couple tried to push money at them. Instead, Jack handed them the two silvers and explained that it was for their little boy’s gravestone. The couple again broke out in sobs, so the four of them left. The couple had tried to give them the last of their money. It wasn’t fair that life had taken their little boy, why should they take the couples last silvers. The collection in town was enough payment, these poor people had paid far more than the townsfolk.

Chapter 8
After receiving their reward, the four of them split up. Chuck and Dave wanted to hit the tavern again, but Rachel and Jack were both in sour moods. They felt no desire to celebrate, not tonight, not after what they’d seen in the witch’s lair. The bones haunted them both, knowing that they had once belonged to a child. There was no reason to celebrate tonight.
When Rachel and Jack were back at their camp, they lit the fire and sat silently across from each other for a while. After a few sad glances, Jack decided that it was his job, as sidekick, to cheer her up. Where he would usually tell a joke or act silly, tonight would have to be done differently.
He smiled at her first then, when she finally caught his gaze, he stood up.
“Next week you’ll be twenty-seven,” he started, and she looked at him surprised.
He remembered. Why had he remembered? Last year she’d only told him after the day had passed. Sure, he acted guilty, but she hardly thought he’d remember this year. In fact, she’d dreaded her birthday for the last week. Just another reminder of the life she couldn’t have. She should be back at her father’s castle, celebrating with him but her uncle, Xavier, would have killed them both. Her running away was the only thing that had kept her father alive for this long. That and the fear Xavier had for this mysterious man she was seeking.
“Yeah, let’s not dwell on it,” she said somberly.
“Why not? I’m going to treat you,” he said. “Drinks are on me.”
“Thanks,” she replied sadly.
He moved beside her and sat down. He hoped she might lean against him again.
“Tell me more about you, please,” he pleaded.
She desperately wanted to fill him in on everything. Things that even Dave hadn’t figured out but she just couldn’t. Maybe she could sugar coat it for him. That just might give her some peace while not putting him at too much risk.
“Well, where to start?” she asked rhetorically, trying to figure out a way to spin the tale while not getting too specific. She leaned against him and pulled his arm around her. Jack’s heart raced as she grabbed his hand and held on tightly.
“My mother died when I was young. At first, we thought it was bandits. It looked like she had been robbed, but as I grew older, I found out my uncle had killed her. He was jealous of my father. My father had the wife and family he always wanted but could never have.” She looked at Jack and was pleasantly surprised at how attentively he listened. She turned back to the fire and continued.
“When I was eighteen, I found out what my uncle was really up to. He…” she searched for a good way to disguise this part. “My uncle wanted to take over the family business but knew all the customers wouldn’t trust him. He locked my father up in the storeroom, and soon I caught on to what was going on. My uncle said my father went on a trip to get supplies, but I found him. He was chained and…” How could she explain this part?
“It’s ok, tell me what you feel comfortable with,” he consoled.
“He was beaten. I couldn’t get him out, and my father woke for just a moment. Just long enough to tell me to run. He told me to run and never come back.” She didn’t dare tell Jack about the fact that her running was the only thing keeping her father alive. That would be too much, and Jack would find the similarities. She would be lucky if Jack didn’t see the coincidence in the evil uncle. The same uncle that was the king’s brother.
“So, you’re running from your uncle?” he asked.
His question brought her a small amount of peace. Jack hadn’t been looking for lies, but at the same time, it filled her with guilt. He was so kind and trusting. If only she could share the whole ugly truth. The fact that her uncle wanted her to give birth to a demon. He had even procured a man to impregnate her.
The demon would be raised by him and rule the world with Xavier at his side. She had overheard the conversation with the man Xavier planned to use. As her uncle explained the plan, she realized the depths of her uncle’s evil. The next day she found her father chained and beaten in the dungeons. Xavier had used his magic on his brother and nearly killed him. The only thing stopping Xavier from killing her father was the fact that no one would accept him as king so long as she lived.
With her father still alive, Xavier could act in his stead. Giving excuses for the king not being able to be there. If anyone questioned him, he could produce the king as a sickly man, him the devoted brother caring for him, and keep his tenuous hold on power. This would last until Rachel had given birth to the demon. After the demon was born, it wouldn’t matter anymore. Even if no one accepted Xavier, he’d still rule. The demon would destroy anyone standing in their way.
The story she told Jack was as close to the truth as she’d ever dared tell anyone. She hoped it might make her feel better, but, with Jack, it only made her feel worse. She hated lying to him. This was Jack, the man she might…the man she hoped…if only her life wasn’t so complicated. He was the man she wished she could have. These last few days, even more so. Why had he hidden this side of himself for so long? Maybe this was a good thing. If this Jack had been with her the whole year? She might be pregnant already. This Jack was hard to resist, and she really didn’t want to resist.
“Yes, he’s the one who put the bounty on my head. He wants me alive so he can kill me himself.” This was also a lie, but very close to the truth. After giving birth to the demon, she would be tossed aside, useless and very much dead.
“I see why you don’t tell everyone that. It’s hard to take. Some might even turn you in for the reward.” Jack used his other hand and brushed her hair behind her ear as he looked down to watch her reaction.
“A hundred gold is quite a large sum. I’m surprised you don’t tie me up right now,” she joked.
“Holy shit! A hundred gold?!” He shot to his feet and looked at her deviously. “Where did we put that rope? No reason. Just curious.” He smiled down on her, and she felt her resolve wavering. Maybe just once. Maybe she wouldn’t get pregnant. It was a fifty-fifty shot. Women didn’t always get pregnant.
“You wouldn’t dare,” she laughed as she got to her feet and took a fighting stance.
“Not even for a thousand,” he said with a smile.
“Good, I’d hate to have to kick your ass again,” she smirked and relaxed. Inside she was still wrestling with herself. ‘Not even for a thousand?’ Was he serious? Of course, he was. Maybe just once?
“Yeah, yeah. Pick on the injured guy,” he pulled open his shirt, and she could see the wounds. They were still bleeding a little, and she winced.
“They hurt much?” she asked as she gingerly put her finger on one of the claw marks.
“Only when you touch them,” he laughed. She pulled back quickly, and he felt guilty. “Totally worth it though. The one time I get to save you and I get a nice souvenir. No one will ever be able to say my story is fake. The homely, bumbling fool who happened to be in the right place at the right time to save the heroin. I may not be much to look at, but I got to save the beautiful girl for once.” He held out his arms and bowed to an invisible crowd.
Rachel took a few steps closer. She could feel the pull between them. Maybe just a kiss? Is that really how he thought of himself? A bumbling fool? That wasn’t how she thought of him. He was her rock and her friend. The one person she could always count on. Despite their arguments and their disagreements, he never left.
He was always there the next morning with a smile and a joke. Not to mention the fact that he was probably the best looking man she’d ever seen. Sure she teased him and joked about him being a wuss, but he didn’t take it seriously did he? All her jokes about his many conquests with waitresses. She wasn’t serious about them taking pity on him. She often thought the waitresses were the ones getting the better end of the deal, but she couldn’t tell him that. She could never tell him what she really thought. Was he just joking? Was this just more teasing, or did he really not understand how good looking he was?
She looked into his eyes as he stood up, confused by the fact that she wasn’t laughing. She stared at his grey eyes. So dull and grey until they caught the firelight or the reflection of something. The way they changed color, just a hint, when his mood changed. Anger made them speckled with red, the color of his rage. Joy brought with it a tint of green. Then there were times when he’d look into her eyes, and she’d see a hint of purple. She had no idea what that color was for, but it was gorgeous. They were purple right now. She felt herself being drawn to him and took another step closer. She was so close now that she could just reach up and pull him in. One kiss. That would be enough. Would he reject her?
“Aw, you were supposed to laugh,” he said, disappointed and was lost in her gaze. What was that look for? Why was she getting so close? Jack’s heart raced, and his hands shook. Why was she so close?
Rachel leaned in and desperately wanted to kiss him. She stared at his mouth then back at his eyes. Her pulse quickened as she felt the urge fill her. Then she remembered that it would only hurt Jack. She didn’t care about anyone else at this moment, but she couldn’t do that to Jack. He deserved better.
“Sorry, just tired,” she replied as she turned away, yet another lie.
She hated lying to him, but it was for his own good. She was protecting him. Even though he was entangled in the mess that was her life, she hoped that after Jack led her to this rogue, he would be left alone. She could envision Jack on his farm, near the river. She really wanted to believe in the tale she told of living beside him, but that was not her life.
If she lived, she would be stuck ruling this kingdom. One of the earlier seers had told her this. She was destined to take her father’s place and rule the kingdom in a time of peace. If she could find the rogue, he would ensure that her father lived and was able to spend his remaining days beside her as she ruled the land. No, she would never get to live on a farm. Her life had two paths and only two. Rule the land and her father lives, or give birth to the demon and die herself.
She looked at Jack again, he still looked worried.
“Would you lay behind me? Like we used to. I’m feeling a little…I’d just feel better if you were beside me,” she asked almost guiltily.
It was risky, but she really wanted him near. They used to snuggle a lot before things got complicated. She hoped that he wouldn’t read too much into it but talking about everything made her feel lonely. How many times had she wanted to ask Jack that very question but stopped in order to keep him out of harm’s way? Too many to count.
If her life were her own and she actually had a choice, she might even take this farther. If she were allowed a lover, he’d be the one she chose, no question, but that could never happen. As much as she wanted to protect her father and the world, she’d still be with Jack. It was only the thought of hurting him that stopped her tonight. This new Jack was very dangerous, dangerous to himself.
Jack quietly pulled his bedroll beside hers, and she snuggled up inside her own.
“Thanks,” she said meekly.
“Any time,” he replied and scooted closer to her.
She pushed on the dirt and scooted back just a little more until they were almost touching.
“Night, Jack,” she said wishing he’d put his arm around her, but that was too much to ask. She couldn’t do that to him. Give him hope then smash it. As soon as she found the rogue she’d be gone, and Jack would, hopefully, be off to find his farm. Everything she wished for with Jack, could never happen. She’d just end up hurting him if this went farther and she wouldn’t do that, not to him.
“Night, Rachel,” he replied then was silent. He listened to her breath, then when the cute little snores started, he let himself fall asleep.

Chapter 9
Jack blinked the sleep from his eyes and stared up at Dave. Dave was standing above him with a stupid grin on his face.
“Sleep well?” he asked, the small giggle made him look even more stupid.
“Sure,” he replied, annoyed.
Then he realized what the giggles and silly looks were all about. He looked down at his chest, and Rachel’s head was on it, her arm stretched across his waist. She stirred and looked into Jack’s eyes. She smiled at him kindly.
“Morning,” she said absentmindedly then looked at who she was lying on. She jumped up and shot out of her bedroll. “I’m sorry!” she yelled. “I…umm…I…I had a bad dream. I must have thought…” She couldn’t figure out a good excuse. She knew exactly why she was on top of him, but she didn’t want anyone else to know. The dream had felt so real. She had been kissing Jack and other things…things she didn’t even want to think about right now. She knew her face must be bright red, so she started walking to her pack. “I’ll get breakfast made in a minute.”
Jack just laid there, stunned and confused. Why was she so upset? Did she think he’d done this? Was she afraid of what Dave might think? Strangely Jack felt like apologizing. He got out of his bedroll, and while he was putting it away, he felt the uncontrollable desire to explain himself.
“Sorry, Rachel. I must have been dreaming.” He kept facing away from her as he put his bedroll away, then took his time finding his bowl and spoon.
“You two are weird,” Chuck said with a laugh. Dave shushed him, and Chuck shrugged his shoulders.
Rachel silently made breakfast while keeping her face pointed away from Jack. Every time she snuck a peek at him, she could feel her face getting red again. The dream had felt so real. It was everything she wished she could have with Jack but would never allow herself.
Jack kept his distance, feeling guilty, and waiting for Rachel to quit being so mad at him. Finally, Dave started talking about a job he’d heard about. It was a few days from them, but it sounded promising. Rachel and Jack got pulled in and slowly forgot about the morning’s embarrassment.
“There’s a huge contract about two towns away. It will take us three days to get there. It’s pretty far north, but I think we can do it,” Dave started. “The contract is worth three hundred silver. That’s seventy-five each.”
“That’s quite a lot,” Rachel said apprehensively. “For three hundred silver, there must be a catch. What do we have to kill?”
“For three hundred, does it matter?” Jack asked confidently.
“You obviously have more confidence than I do in myself,” Rachel laughed.
“Of course, I have confidence in you. You’re Rachel, the fighting fire maiden,” Jack laughed then noticed Rachel looking away from him again. Was it that bad waking up on his chest? It’s not like they had done anything. Why was she so upset?
“That’s beside the point, Jack,” she said, still looking away. He could hear the smile on her face and even the hint of a laugh. Maybe she wasn’t that upset after all. “What do we have to kill?” she asked, looking at Dave.
“Well…it’s a Gorel,” Dave cringed as he said it and Rachel’s mouth dropped open.
“What the hell is a Gorel?” Jack asked. Even Chuck looked scared. Was he the stupidest person on their team? This day was turning out horribly. Rachel was upset with him, and now he felt like a moron.
Rachel looked at him and smiled.
“Most people haven’t heard of them. It’s no big deal, Jack,” she comforted. Was she done being mad at him? It sure seemed like she was trying to help. “They’re nothing to mess with though. If we do this, and that’s a big if. You need to know what you’re getting into.” The look she gave him made his heart race.
“Well then, let’s hear it,” he laughed nervously. He didn’t want to act too eager. He was feeling very self-conscious right now. What if he laughed too much? What if he stared at her too long? Would she get mad again?
“A Gorel is huge. Like the Drahlbeere but umm, how would you describe it, Dave?” she turned to Dave, and he looked perplexed.
“You know how you’re kinda big?” he looked at Jack.
Kinda big? Was he kinda big? Jack never really thought of himself as big. Sure Rachel had fed him well this last year, and he had put on weight, but he wasn’t big.
“Well, compare yourself to Chuck’s dad. Then take it up another notch and add about two feet to its height. A Gorel almost looks like a giant fuzzy man, and its arms would be as large as your chest. Well, maybe not your chest but mine,” Dave laughed.
“Do they have claws?” Jack asked.
“It’s a monster,” Rachel laughed. “Claws and fangs are part of the deal.”
“At least it doesn’t breathe fire,” Jack looked around at them for a moment, but when no one answered, he got worried. “Does it breathe fire?” he begged.
“No, it doesn’t breathe fire,” Rachel laughed louder. This was better. Picking on Jack, joking and goofing around. That was safe. That she could do. Although, lately, even this had caused her attraction to him to grow.

Chapter 10
After a few days, they finally reached the cave. This far north, it was starting to snow. The snow wouldn’t travel south for a few more weeks, maybe a month. Being near the ocean had its benefits, but up here, it was cold. Even the higher altitude was causing them some concern. Chuck and Dave had stayed behind at the small village because Chuck was short of breath and had near-constant nosebleeds. The portly negotiator was not built for this type of work. Maybe the life of a monster hunter was not for him.
Rachel climbed over the large rock at the base of the cave and stared inside. It was deep. She could smell the stench of musk and rotten meat. This was clearly the right cave. Jack stood below her, ready to catch her or rescue her if needed.
“Anything?” Jack asked quietly.
“This is it, that tip was right on the money,” Rachel said as she slid down the rock. It was nearly night, and they had been traveling all day. Walking up a mountain was much more stressful than walking along a road. Even Jack and Rachel were worn out.
“Let’s find a spot far away and make camp,” Jack offered.
“Sounds like a plan. No way I’ll get to sleep with this stench,” Rachel laughed.
They had bought heavy jackets for a silver each and were glad they had spent the money. Jack was down to twenty silver with all the supplies and clothing he had bought, but if this job worked out, they’d all be rich. Rich enough to buy that draught for Rachel and still have money left. Maybe he’d buy her a fancy dress or even something more practical. With his cut of seventy-five and the twenty he had, he could practically buy her anything she wanted.
After about ten minutes, Rachel felt they were far enough away to stay out of the monster’s path as it searched for food. It hunted at night, so this was another reason to wait for daylight. Catching it while it was sleeping was another advantage they could use to outsmart the beast.
“Would you like something to raise your temperature?” Jack asked with a smirk. He held out a bottle of homegrown spirits he had procured at the settlement below.
“Really? At a time like this?” Rachel expressed her disappointment and shook her head in disbelief then grabbed the bottle. “Of course, I would.” She smiled in a way that left Jack speechless. It was cute and seductive, did she even realize what she was doing to him?
She took a big swig then started choking.
“What the hell is that? Oven cleaner?” she continued to choke until Jack took a swig. Had the same reaction, which caused her to nearly fall over laughing.
“Holy shit! It is oven cleaner,” he gasped as he tried to quit coughing. “Another?” he laughed, and she took the bottle.
This time the coughing was less, but she still couldn’t drink it down without gagging.
“Oh, that’s bad,” she said, holding her nose.
“You’re telling me,” he laughed, then took another swig.
“That’s enough,” she said, holding out her hands. “I’m feeling pretty warm.” She snickered and tried to get the fire going. Jack had piled up some sticks, but they wouldn’t seem to light.
“Perhaps we shouldn’t even worry about a fire,” Jack offered. He pulled out their bedrolls and laid them out on top of each other. “It will just go out. This snow is pretty wet.”
“Yeah, I guess we’re back to the old days of snuggling for warmth,” she laughed.
Jack remembered ‘the old days’ fondly as he put their packs against some rocks then got into their bedrolls. It had been a long time since they’d had to snuggle for warmth. This was before Jack realized how he felt. Sure he had been attracted to her. She was gorgeous. Why would he not be attracted to her? The realization that he was in love with her would make this much more difficult, to say the least.
“Make sure to use the bathroom, please. I don’t want to be woken up because you have to piss in the middle of the night.” She looked at him deviously then kicked off her boots and slid under the covers. “Ha! I get the inside!” she yelled triumphantly.
“You little sneak,” he replied, but truthfully he didn’t mind. He’d let her take the side without the gap. The buttons held the bedroll together, for the most part, but a breeze, especially in a storm like this was inevitable. 
When Jack returned, Rachel was starting to feel the alcohol, and so was Jack. Her tolerance for it was much less, even compared to Jack, she was a lightweight.
“You’re not gonna get weird like the other day and get mad at me?” Jack asked as he kicked off his boots and got under the covers. The alcohol gave him confidence to ask the question he normally wouldn’t.
“Noooooo,” she said, clearly feeling the alcohol. “I wasn’t mad.” She playfully slapped at him and missed. “Woah, that stuff is strong,” she giggled.
“Just like we used to do it,” Jack instructed, and Rachel rolled over to face away. Jack squeezed in behind her and put his arms around her.
“Do you think about me?” Rachel asked. She wasn’t sure why she asked it. It popped into her head and just fell out of her mouth. She really had no tolerance, and it was showing.
“Yes,” he replied suspiciously.
“I mean really think about me?” Rachel asked. She figured as long as it was out there she might as well.
“Yes, I think about you,” Jack replied. He wasn’t going to offer anything, but if she asked, he’d answer.
“Good, cause I think about you too,” she replied.
Jack hugged her tighter, and her sounds of contentment made him slightly uncomfortable. He felt so warm, maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe it was her. Either way, it was nice.
Rachel yawned and snuggled against him, making more sounds that drove him crazy. Before Jack knew what happened, she fell asleep. He’d missed his chance again. Why had he offered her that drink? This would have been so much better with her wide awake. They could have at least snuggled for a while.
Jack laid there trying to sleep, and as his eyes drifted closed, Rachel rolled over and faced him. She was asleep, but she was mumbling something. He couldn’t understand it, but then she started kissing his neck.
What the hell was he supposed to do?! She was clearly sleeping. Just as he thought he couldn’t take any more, she nuzzled against his chest and stopped. The sounds she made kept him awake for at least another thirty minutes. Every time he’d start to drift off, she’d make another noise that drove him nuts. It sounded like she was having a dream about sex. Whoever the lucky person was in the dream, he desperately wanted it to be him.
In the morning, he woke to Rachel across his chest. Her capped head was all he could see. She stirred a little, and he kept still. This was so wonderful, he’d stay here for hours if he could. Rachel stirred again and looked up at him with sleep in her eyes.
“Morning,” she said with a smile. She looked up at him and caught the purple in his eyes. She really needed to figure out what made them purple. It was very attractive. She lingered, staring into his eyes and didn’t want to move.
“Morning,” he smiled back. This was sheer torture. She was innocently saying good morning, and all he could think about was kissing her. He really was an asshole, wasn’t he? And a jerk, he couldn’t forget that one. Oh, and a moron. Why not just keep em coming?
Rachel kept staring at him, and the purple faded. She felt herself frown and nuzzled against his chest.
“Not ready to get up yet,” she giggled. “It’s too warm.” It was a lie, just like all the rest but this one didn’t hurt him. In fact, it protected him. If only he knew the thoughts going through her head. The dreams that had both plagued her and excited her, all night long. Just sleeping next to Jack was torturous and wonderful. She smiled as she thought about the dreams.
Jack brushed the hair out of her face. Her cap had slid while she slept. He’d lay here for hours with her if she wanted. The monster wasn’t going anywhere. Hell, it was probably asleep right now.
“I suppose we better get ready,” Rachel looked up at him and pouted.
“I guess,” he sighed.
He started to get up, and she hugged his chest tightly.
“I miss this,” she said then started to unbutton the bedrolls. For once, she didn’t lie. For the first time in quite a while, she told Jack the truth. It was a harmless thing, and she truly wanted this to happen more often. She liked sleeping by Jack, it felt natural and calming. He never made a pass at her, and he seemed to enjoy it almost as much as she did.
They got their boots on, and Rachel made oatmeal, without the fruit, while Jack packed everything up. Their plan was to leave the packs at the entrance, only taking necessary items with them. They had no idea what was inside the cave, but the less they had to worry about, the better. If they had to make a hasty retreat, at least their supplies, food and extra clothes would be waiting outside.
After eating, they headed back to the cave and started inside, each armed with their sword and a dagger on their belts. They each grabbed a torch from the bag, soaked it in the homemade spirits mixed with an oily substance, and then headed inside.
Around the first bend, they started to hear the Gorel breathing. The snow had drifted into the entrance, but by the second bend, there was no sign of snow, only rock. The beast’s breathing got louder as they got closer. It sounded like it was sleeping. After the third bend, they could see it.
The Gorel was gigantic. It must have weighed between five to six hundred pounds. It looked sort of like a man, but it was covered with fur. Its teeth were long and sharp, nearly two inches in length. Then they noticed its claws. It had claws like the Drahlbeere only they were on the end of its humanlike fingers. This creature would be able to wield them much more skillfully.
Jack crept up on one side while Rachel took the other. Rachel tripped on a rock as she got near and the sound woke the beast. It shot up and roared at them. As terrifying as the Drahlbeere’s roar was, this one was twice as frightening. It was lower and shook their chests as the creature turned to Rachel. It swung its massive hand at her, and she dodged. Jack stabbed it in the leg to get its attention, and it lunged for him. Jack adeptly sidestepped, and the beast crashed against the cave wall. It quickly got its bearings and charged again but not at Jack. Instead, it decided Rachel was smaller, and it could take her out more easily. Rachel readied herself and thrust out her sword just as it swung, and she caught it in the chest. Her aim was a little off, not hitting it in the heart. The creature’s momentum ripped the sword from her hands, and she was thrown sideways. She smashed against the cave wall, and Jack rushed to her, but he wasn’t quite fast enough.
The Gorel stabbed through her thigh with its massive claws just, as Jack reached it. He severed its hand, but the damage was already done. The beast turned to Jack, and Jack forgot to be afraid. Rachel was in trouble. She was the only thing that mattered. He slashed at the creature and cut it three times across its chest before its other hand slammed into him. He was thrown away but got to his feet and charged the beast before it could take another swing at Rachel. The creature raised its remaining hand, intent on stabbing her through the chest but Jack reached it in time. Before the beast could start downward with its claws, Jack removed its head.
Jack picked up Rachel and the head, then raced out of the cave. Rachel’s leg was bleeding profusely. He wasn’t sure how much damage had been done, but a dark cave was no place to tend to her wounds. When he finally reached the cave entrance, he sat her on the edge then slid down the rock to retrieve his pack. After making his way back up the rock, he pulled open his pack and pulled out the homemade spirits and his knife. He looked at Rachel’s leg closely then at her grimaced face.
“There’s part of the claw stuck in it. This is going to hurt,” he said.
“It’s bad, isn’t it?” she groaned.
“No, it’s just the tip of one claw. You got lucky,” he answered, but his voice didn’t give her confidence. He was far too upset.
“If it’s just the tip of a claw, why are you so worried,” she asked trying to laugh.
“I’m going to have to cut it out. It’s buried in your leg,” he replied, and her face mirrored how he felt.
“Give me some of that shit,” she ordered and held her hand out for the bottle.
“Good idea,” he replied and handed it to her. When she handed it back, he covered the blade of his knife and then poured a little on her wound.
“Fuck that hurts!” she yelled, squeezing his leg with her left hand.
Jack pulled the belt from his waist and handed it to her.
“One more,” she panted, and he handed her the bottle once more. She took a large swig then coughed. She started to hand it back and then changed her mind. She took another large swig and smirked at him through the pain. “It really fucking hurts.”
“No need to explain. Drink the whole bottle if you need to.” He looked at her and waited. She took one more swig then handed him the bottle and put the belt between her teeth.
She nodded then screamed as he stuck the knife in. He dug for a second then put his fingers in and grabbed the edge of the claw that was sticking out of her leg. She screamed loudly again. He quickly pulled and, thankfully, it came out in one peace. He splashed a little more of the spirits on her wound, and she let out another scream. This time it was a little softer. He grabbed one of his shirts and tore it, making a bandage. He wrapped it around her leg then put all the stuff back in his pack and picked her up.
Jack tossed the Gorel’s head down by the packs then he carefully slid down, holding Rachel. He tossed the head in his pack and grabbed her pack as well. He struggled down the mountainside with two packs and Rachel. Partway down, Rachel started to calm down as the adrenaline left her system.
“You know you’re awesome, right?” Rachel asked, clearly drunk. Her head bobbed as Jack hurried down the mountainside.
“Yeah, the best sidekick you ever had, right?” Jack teased and kept running. He was starting to run out of breath, but Rachel needed a warm room and a real doctor.
“What the hell are you talking about? You killed that thing,” she slapped Jack on the shoulder and giggled. “Maybe you’re the hero.” Her giggle turned into a laugh.
“Nah,” he said. He couldn’t talk much, he needed to save his breath for the run. They weren’t even halfway back yet. His pace slowed. He couldn’t keep up this pace. Walking quickly would get him there faster than sprinting and resting.
“You’re so umm what’s that word?” she put her finger to her chin and pretended to think on it. Jack looked at her, and she threw her arms around his neck. He had to stop so he didn’t tip over and she pulled him in. She kissed him passionately. Thoughts raced through his head as the feeling of utter joy filled him. Was this really her? Was this because she was drunk? When she was finished kissing him, she looked up at him. “Sexy, that’s the word.” She bit her lip and stared up at him.
“You’re drunk,” he laughed, hoping that she’d deny that it was the alcohol.
“Yep,” she replied, and his heart fell.
He took off again for the village, and she hummed a familiar tune while he walked.
“Would you kiss me again?” she asked, he glanced at her for a second then realized he had to say no.
“When you’re sober and not bleeding all over the place. We’ll talk about it,” he replied.
He continued down the mountain, and Rachel passed out.
When they finally reached the town, a doctor patched Rachel up and even complimented Jack on his quick thinking. She told Jack that removing the claw so soon and treating it with alcohol had saved Rachel’s leg. Within a couple days they had received their reward and were headed back to Teralane.
On the road back, Rachel seemed to avoid talking to Jack and wouldn’t even look at him. She spent most of the time conversing with Dave. He knew the reason why. She regretted what had happened. She’d kissed him while she was drunk and couldn’t face what she’d done. For the rest of the trip, Jack sulked while Rachel avoided him.

Chapter 11
Once they were back at Teralane, they set up their camp again. Teralane seemed to be one of the larger cities in this area. If they were going to be monster hunters, this was the place to hear about contracts. In fact, Dave had found a simple contract for a basilisk. From how Rachel talked about it, the thing was nothing like the stories. It had no ability to turn people to stone, and the worst part was its semi-poisonous bite. The creature was slow, and the twenty silver seemed like easy money compared to the Gorel.
“Can we leave tomorrow?” Jack asked.
“Why?” Dave asked.
“Tonight we need to celebrate Rachel’s birthday,” he looked at Rachel, hoping she was done being upset with him. She often got frustrated or angry with him, but it rarely lasted more than a few minutes. Even the worst one, when he kissed her, was done with by lunchtime the next morning. Surely this wasn’t as bad as that. She had kissed him. He wasn’t even to blame. Why was she so upset? How could this possibly be his fault?
Rachel glanced at Jack, shot him a smile, then quickly looked away. She focused on Dave. He was safe. He was her friend, maybe not as much as Jack but he was very safe. The kiss…was wonderful and very, very dangerous. She got hot just thinking about it. Soon the heat reached her face, and she knew she was as red as a radish.
“Jack wants to buy me a drink to celebrate. I’m sure he wants to get really drunk, but I’m not really the get drunk type,” she smiled and glanced at Jack guiltily for a second before she could feel the heat in her face again. She had to look away, Jack couldn’t know how she really felt. It was hard enough stopping herself. If she had to fight off her own feelings and Jacks. There was no question, she’d be in bed with him by the end of the night. She also wouldn’t regret it, at least not until the next day. Not until the reality of how much she would hurt Jack would set in. Then she’d feel horrible, worse than she did now. Right now it was just a kiss, a wonderful, thought-provoking kiss, but it was just a kiss. “Thanks, Jack. For telling everyone about my birthday,” she said sarcastically and laughed.
“My pleasure,” he replied with a laugh. Nope, she was still pissed. Hopefully, it would be over by tonight. “I’m going to head into town and see what I can find for a present.”
He stood up and started toward the grass. He washed off his bowl and spoon then put them away while Rachel and Dave talked. He couldn’t quite hear what was being said, but the occasional words he could hear made him feel horrible. They were saying something about the tavern in town and dancing. Something about him being a bad dancer too. He really needed to go to town. He wasn’t sure he could take much more of this. Her choice was clear. She regretted kissing him, and she had chosen Dave.
“Do you think you could teach me to dance?” Rachel asked.
“How do you know I can dance?” Dave asked with a laugh.
“Oh, come on. I saw you and Chuck when you didn’t know I was looking. You were trying to teach him. At the tavern tonight, I just want to dance,” Rachel pleaded.
“You sure you don’t want to dance with Jack?” Dave looked at her knowingly and watched her face turn bright red once again.
“Jack says he doesn’t know how to dance. He even told me once he was a really bad dancer. I don’t believe it, but I don’t wanna push it.” Rachel looked at Dave again sadly, full of guilt.
“Sure, I’ll teach you. Surprised you weren’t taught at…home,” Dave said eluding to their secret.
“Mom died when I was eleven. I was just old enough to start learning. After that, I didn’t feel like dancing,” she said, sinking farther into sadness.
“It will be my present to you,” Dave assured her.
Jack walked by and heard the words. Great, more presents from Dave. He didn’t stand a chance. Despite this, he still intended to get Rachel her draught. She’d probably use it with Dave, but she deserved something. Something special for all she’d done for him. He felt a weight on his chest. This hurt far worse than the Drahlbeere claws. He was willing to give Rachel anything. Even if she didn’t want him.
Jack walked out of the camp, not even saying good-bye. Rachel watched him sadly as he left.
“I think I pissed him off,” Rachel said to Dave after Jack was gone.
“I don’t think that’s it,” Dave smirked. “I think he’ll be fine by tonight. Just talk to him like you normally do. Act like nothing’s wrong. He’ll come around.”
Rachel watched Jack disappear in the distance and felt incredible guilt. She’d crossed a line, one that might not be able to be forgotten about. What if Jack didn’t come back? What if Dave was wrong and Jack wasn’t fine by tonight? She didn’t want to lose Jack. Maybe she’d already hurt him too much.
Jack kicked at the rocks as he closed in on the town. He’d get Rachel her gift and suffer the consequences. The pain he felt was stupid. It was pointless. He was just so angry. Angry at the world. Angry that Rachel couldn’t see him. Angry that she didn’t want him. Angry at Dave for making her so damned happy. He realized he was being childish. He really needed to grow up. It was his own fault that Rachel didn’t notice him. He’d pushed her away with all his stories about waitresses that didn’t exist. He’d kept her at arm’s length after she’d beaten him up because he didn’t want to feel that pain again. Look where that got him? This pain was worse.
Jack stepped inside the dark hut. He’d seen a seer here the other day and hoped that she was still in town.
“Hello?” he asked loudly and heard someone moving in the back room. A white-haired old woman with one blind eye walked out.
“Hello to you, child,” she said kindly.
“Do you sell the draughts here? The birth control potions?” he wasn’t sure what they were called. He’d never paid that much attention.
“They are ninety-five silver,” she said.
“What?! They’re usually twenty,” he balked.
“This one is special and my last bottle,” she smiled.
Jack struggled, ninety-five was all his money. He’d have nothing left for drinks tonight. Not that he wanted to hang around and watch Rachel and Dave anyway. This was for Rachel, and she was worth it. Any price to see her happy. He pulled out his coins and put them on the counter.
“I’ll even throw in a free reading.” She handed Jack the bottle, then grabbed his hand. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head, and she started smiling.
“You’re almost there, Jack. I knew you were the one,” she said, and her eyes focused on him. “You can save Rachel if you are willing to give up everything for her.”
Jack looked at her face. Did he know her? Something about her was so familiar. How did she know him? And Rachel? Was this some kind of trick?
“Rachel is cursed to die, but if you give up everything, she will live.” She smiled even wider, her toothless grin gave him the shivers. Somehow he did know her, even though he’d never seen her before.
Jack put the bottle on the counter.
“Rachel comes to see women like you all the time. Will you give this to her? Just don’t tell her it’s from me,” Jack turned to leave, but the woman caught his shoulder.
“Don’t be afraid, Jack. She’s worth it,” the woman said then released him.
He stood there, not turning around.
“I know she is. I’ll die for her. Just don’t tell her.” Jack hung his head and walked out the door. He really needed a drink now. Too bad he’d spent all his money.
It was strange how he trusted the words of this woman he didn’t even know. He knew he should question them, but something told him this was the truth. Something he’d felt the first day he met Rachel. He was half frozen and starving, but when he looked at her beautiful face, his first thought was ‘I’d die for her’. It was a strange thought, but it had guided every decision since then. Everything was about her or for her. He changed who he was to please her. He quit having sex for a reason he didn’t even understand. Of course, he’d be willing to give up everything for her. He’d already started. There wasn’t a lot more he could give, but if there was more, it was hers to take. His miserable life was hers. If he needed to die to save her, then he’d die. He’d already made that decision the day he met her.
Jack wandered the streets of the town for hours, he forgot about lunch and just kept walking until the town started to get dark. He watched Rachel go into the seer’s hut as he walked toward the tavern. He could do this. Giving his life for her was easier than watching her choose someone else, but he could even do that for her. If she wanted Dave, he wouldn’t stand in her way.
Rachel didn’t even notice Jack as she rushed to the seer. She was worried. Jack had been gone all day. She hoped nothing had happened to him. The seer would tell her what to do.
The old woman smiled at Rachel as she walked in, and Rachel looked at her curiously.
“Are you following me?” she asked. This was the same seer from Dahring.
“I think we are both following the same path. At least for now.” The old woman held out her hands for Rachel. Rachel put her hands in the old woman’s and waited.
“The man is very near now…” the woman started, but Rachel interrupted.
“I don’t care about the man. My friend is missing. Can you help me find him? His name is Jack,” Rachel looked on, her face full of worry. “Please help me find Jack.”
“Are you sure he is your friend?” the woman looked at her with an expression of disbelief.
“Yes, he’s my friend. He’s my best friend.” Rachel didn’t see why this even mattered.
“You will find your friend,” she said the word almost contemptuously. “You are almost ready to see the man for the first time. You search and search, but your eyes are closed.”
“What does that even mean? And I don’t want to find the man anymore. I just want to find Jack. Something is wrong with him. He’s acting very strange.” Rachel pulled her hands back. “If you won’t help me find Jack, I’ll go look for him myself.”
“He’s at the tavern,” the old woman said. Rachel turned angrily and started to leave. “One more thing, Rachel.”
“How do you know my name?” Rachel turned back around and looked at the woman curiously.
“I’ve always known your name.” The old woman held out the vial. “A gift from the rogue.”
“Are the rogue and the man the same person? You keep talking about them as different people but sometimes as the same. Which is it?” Rachel was getting frustrated. All this double talk was just getting annoying. Why couldn’t the seer just say what she meant?
“When you finally open your eyes, the rogue will become the man, the man who will save you.” The woman left the vial on the counter and walked through the curtain. Rachel stomped around the counter and threw open the curtain.
“Give me a straight answer!” Rachel yelled, but there was no one there, just an empty room. “What the hell is going on here?” she asked then turned, grabbed the vial and left.

Chapter 12
Rachel walked into the tavern and found Jack right away. He was sitting at a table with Chuck and Dave. They had left her a seat, and it had an ale all ready for her. This tavern was larger than the last. The men were also less dirty. There were a few women here as well. In the back of the tavern was a dance floor and it looked like a small band was getting set up to play.
“Where have you been, Jack?” Rachel asked as she sat. She was trying not to act too concerned, but it felt like the most important question she’d ever asked.
“Sorry, just needed to think,” he replied quietly.
“About the mountain…” she started, but Jack cut her off.
“Don’t worry about it. It was my fault. I’m sorry. I knew it was a bad idea, but I let it happen. I’m such a jerk,” Jack stared into his drink that Dave had been kind enough to buy for him. “I’m going to finish my drink then head out. I’m broke. Didn’t even get you a gift.” He looked up sadly at Rachel then quietly added, almost too quiet for anyone to hear. “Not one you’d want.”
Rachel patted Jack on the back.
“Don’t worry about it.” He was here now and safe. That was good enough. Whatever was bothering him, she’d figure it out. She wanted to have one drink, one dance, then she’d join Jack back at the camp, and they could talk. “How about that dance, Dave?” she smiled and threw back her ale.
Jack watched as they danced, and then as the dance came to a close, he saw her grab Dave’s arm and laughed up at him. She kissed him on the cheek, and it was all he could take.
Dave made her happy. Much happier than he ever could. She’d use the vial with Dave, and he’d just have to deal with it. That didn’t mean he had to sit around and watch. Jack pushed his chair back from the table and smacked it into a man behind him, who jumped up. The man was taller than Jack and built like a bull. He was probably larger than Chuck’s dad.
“Watch what you’re doing!” he said angrily.
“Fuck off!” Jack replied, then headed to the door. The large man followed, him full of rage.
Once they were outside, Jack heard the footsteps and laughed to himself. This man wasn’t Rachel. He wouldn’t pull his punches or let himself lose. Not this time. He was too angry.
“Apologize you asshole,” the large man readied himself.
“I may be an asshole, but at least I’m still standing,” Jack laughed.
“What’s that mean?” the man asked.
Jack didn’t give him a chance to even think. He hit the man in the side then the ribs several times. The large man swung, but Jack avoided it and hit the man in the nose. The giant fell over backward, and Jack jumped on his chest. The city guards noticed the fight and rushed over. While pulling Jack from the man, the city guards were rewarded with black eyes, bruises, and several bloody noses. It took five guards to finally subdue him and drag him off of the man.
Jack sat in the jail cell all by himself, but this was not the reason he was feeling alone. What an idiot he was. How was he going to save Rachel from here? He had once again proven his dad right. He had a big mouth and a bad temper. Jack hadn’t thought it through.
The town had guards and guards didn’t like fighting. Not that he was mad at his dad. His dad was kind and had spent a lot of time with him as a kid. He learned everything he could about the farm they lived on, all to prove to his dad that he could one day take over for him. His two older brothers had no interest, and his sister was a girl. He was his dad’s last shot at someone to take over the farm. A role that Jack had been more than willing to fill.
It was a big part of why he told Rachel he wanted a farm. He often thought that if he ever made enough, he’d buy the farm, but that wasn’t going to happen. If he somehow got out of this mess, he would have to sacrifice himself to save Rachel. Sacrificing himself was also a task he was more than willing to accept. He just wasn’t ready to watch Rachel be happy with someone else. It would probably get easier, but tonight he was still angry. Angry at fate, angry with his life and angry that all these terrible things kept happening to him. He had the perfect family, and they were killed. He finally found the perfect woman, and she couldn’t see him as more than a friend.
Jack looked up and on the other side of the bars was Rachel and boy did she look pissed. She had her arms crossed, and her foot was tapping. Just what he needed. Not only did she not see him like he wanted her to, she was going to chew him out.
“What the hell was that about? Couldn’t find a waitress to bang, so you decided to go beat up some guy?” She eyed him with contempt. “You said you were going to celebrate with me. Me! Not in a fucking jail cell.”
“I can explain.” Jack stood up and walked to the bars with his head down.
“You can explain why the one person I wanted to spend my birthday with was such an ass?” Her tone was getting higher, and her voice louder. She was really pissed. Jack wasn’t sure he’d ever seen her this mad.
“No, I can’t explain that. I’m an ass and a jerk. I didn’t realize…” Jack still couldn’t look her in the eye.
Rachel reached into her pocket and pulled out the vial. She held it out so Jack could see it and her anger faded, replaced with a salacious grin.
“Can you explain why you bought this for me?”
Jack looked up, and his eyes widened in shock.
“She wasn’t supposed to tell you,” Jack argued.
“She didn’t. You just did,” Rachel cocked one eyebrow and looked him in the eyes.
“Wait. That I can explain,” he started, but she didn’t give him the chance.
“You’re free to go. If you want to be honest with me. I mean, really honest. I’ll be at the tavern. I rented a room. I’m not going to spend my birthday in a jail cell. If you decide to show up, I want the truth. All of it.” She turned and walked away without another word.
Jack stood there, full of fear and hope. She wanted the truth, but if she heard it, she might hate him or treat him differently. This was an impossible situation. If he didn’t show up, she would definitely hate him and with good reason. He had to show up, and that meant he had to tell her the truth.
A guard came and let him out of the cell, and Jack walked slowly to the tavern. It felt like a walk to the gallows.

Chapter 13
Jack walked somberly to the front of the tavern and noticed Rachel speaking to the city guards. She wasn’t disguised, her beautiful fiery red hair was blowing in the slight breeze. She brushed it out of her face and smiled at Jack when she noticed him.
“I’ll talk to you in the morning,” she said to one of the guards, and they all started walking. As they passed Jack, they laughed. When they were almost around the corner, Jack heard them speak to each other.
“It’s really her. That thief must be the luckiest man alive,” one said.
“I, for one, don’t care. As long as he helps her,” another replied then he heard a roar come from all the guards as they cheered.
Jack walked up to Rachel, and she was a vision. She wore men’s pants, but she had sewn them to fit her womanly figure and a lacey white blouse that dipped under her neck to show off just a small amount of cleavage.
When he reached her, she didn’t say a word she just grabbed his hand and led him to the side of the tavern. There was an open field, and it looked like children had been playing in it recently. There were sticks carved to look like swords, and they were lined up along a section of the fence.
Rachel released his hand, then took a few steps away and faced him.
“My real name is Rachel Volneer.” She looked at Jack with a strange smile. “I figured I’d start.”
Jack looked confused at first then enlightenment settled in.
“You’re the princess they’re looking for. The story…you lied.” Jack looked hurt until he realized she wasn’t the only one lying.
“It felt horrible telling you that lie. The one person who I knew I could trust. The one person I desperately wanted to tell, but there’s more to it. After you tell me the truth, I’ll finish my story.” She took another step back. She undid the buckle on the belt that held up her sword, Jack’s belt. It fell to the ground, and she pushed it away with her foot.
“What are you doing?” Jack asked as she raised her fists.
“You suck at sword fighting because no one ever taught you. You don’t suck at fighting.” She did a cartwheel and landed in front of Jack. She punched him in the nose, and Jack staggered backward. She backflipped and came to rest exactly where she started. “You ready to quit being an ass and tell me the truth?”
“I…” he started but was lost in his own thoughts again. What if she didn’t feel the same way? What if she hated him?
Rachel did a spin and landed a few feet from Jack. She elbowed him in the ribs, and he bent over. She popped him on the head playfully then sank to her knee and tripped him. Jack fell flat on his back and looked up at her.
“Fight back. I never thought you were a coward.” She smirked and held her hand out.
“I’m not a coward,” he snapped.
“Then tell me why you won’t fight back. Why do you always let me win?” She boosted him to his feet then took a few steps back again.
“It’s complicated.” He said, still searching for words that wouldn’t sound stupid or childish.
“And what about all those waitresses?” she asked knowingly. “What about Mary?”
“That little shit! What did Dave tell you?” Jack asked, his anger a much easier emotion to focus on.
“Why don’t you tell me?” Rachel asked. She crossed her arms and waited.
“There were no waitresses,” Jack admitted.
“None? Then why did you make them up?” she asked with a grin. She knew they were all fake, at least now she did. Dave had told her about the night with Mary, and she had pieced the rest together.
“None of them were real. I don’t know why I made them up,” Jack struggled. The anger was gone, and now he was stuck.
“Tell me why,” Rachel ordered.
“I don’t know,” Jack lied.
“This one’s going to hurt,” she warned as she spun again and lifted her leg to kick him in the jaw. He adeptly caught her foot and pushed her back.
“This is difficult,” he said.
She didn’t give him time to think. She threw an elbow at his face, and he blocked. She tried to kick his feet out from under him, and he stopped her foot with his own. Then she tried to punch him in the nose again, and he flipped her over onto her back.
She stared up at him with a silly smile.
“That’s better.” She lept to her feet. “Do I need to keep going?”
“It’s complicated,” he said and looked down at his feet.
“No, it’s not!” she yelled, getting frustrated. “Just tell me why you made them all up. Why you let me think that you were some lady’s man? Was it to keep me from seeing the truth? Why do you always let me win? Why do you tell everyone I’m such a great fighter when you could beat me in your sleep? What could make a man like you pretend to be a wuss? Was that also to keep me away from the truth?” She smiled at him smugly, already knowing the answer.
“Fine!” Jack yelled back. “I’m in love with you!” He looked at her face and waited for the words he was sure were going to come out.
“Was that so hard?” she smirked then grabbed his hand. Jack walked beside her, unsure of what had just happened. Did she not care? Did she agree? Was she angry?
She led him inside the tavern and up to her room. Once inside, she shut the door and locked it. Jack could swear he heard her mumble something about ‘not getting away so easily’ but he wasn’t quite sure.
She pulled out the vial and twirled in her hand. It almost slipped, but she caught it with a grin.
“Careful, that’s really expensive,” he said and realized how petty it sounded.
“How much did this cost you?” she asked. The devious grin on her face didn’t give him a clue as to what was really on her mind.
“Ninety-five,” he said, looking at the floor.
“You got robbed!” she laughed.
“I know,” he said solemnly.
“But it was for a good cause, right? You hoped that I’d use it with you.” Her smile still kept her secrets from him.
“Well, kind of. At first, then when I found out that I…when I found out what I had to do,” he said and looked at her. “I figured you could use it with Dave.”
Rachel nearly fell over laughing, and when she finally caught her breath, her sly smile returned.
“You think me and…Dave?” she tried to keep the laugh inside.
“You guys spend a lot of time together. Laughing…dancing,” he lifted his eyebrows to emphasize his point.
“Even if Dave wasn’t Chuck’s boyfriend, I’d still pick you, doofus,” she said as she plopped down on the bed.
A smile started to form on Jack’s face.
“I guess it’s time to tell you the rest. The part I never told anyone.” She looked at him intently. “Not even Dave.” She leaned back on her hands and let the vial rest on the bed.
“I’ve been looking for a man for eight years. Ever since the day I saw my first seer, and she told me of the mysterious man that could save me. I am fated to give birth to a demon that will destroy the world. Doesn’t need a special father. If I have a child, it will be the demon. I’m cursed.” She looked at Jack expecting surprise or even disbelief, but he was hanging on every word, waiting for more. Somehow she knew that Jack would understand and she wasn’t disappointed.
“Recently I met a very gifted seer that said I was going to meet him soon. It was all very cryptic, but basically, he needs to be willing to give up everything to save me.” Rachel looked at Jack with concern on her face.
“I don’t mind. I know it’s me,” he interrupted.
“I figured it out,” she said and sat up. She leaned her elbows on her knees and put her palms on her forehead. “I can’t ask you to do that.”
“You didn’t ask.” Jack was now the one smiling. “If I really am this man then I won’t take no for an answer. Right?”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” she said and looked at him.
“You’re worth it,” he smiled. “I’d be happy to die to save your life. What the hell else am I good for? Before I met you, I was a common thief. Probably would have ended up being a murderer and a bandit by now.”
“I didn’t do anything. You did that yourself,” Rachel argued.
“You didn’t have to do anything. I did it to be someone you might like. Maybe even love.” Jack looked at her, hopefully.
“That’s it!” she yelled and picked up the vial.
Jack’s heart raced, and he stood to object. Before Jack could say anything, Rachel downed the vial and stood up to face him.
“If you’re going to die for me. I want to at least share one night with you,” she looked into his eyes and kissed him. She pushed away and stared into his eyes. “I’ve been in love with you for a while now. I just didn’t want my life to ruin yours. Seems like there’s no point in hiding it anymore.”
Rachel pulled Jack’s shirt over his head then he helped her with her own. She smiled and pulled him back on to the bed. When they landed, she kissed him again. His hands searched her body, wanting to touch every part of her, then found their way to her pants and undid them. She stood and let them fall to the floor. The shocked look on Jack’s face gave her pause.
“Everything you hoped for?” she asked with a giggle.
“Far beyond anything I could have imagined,” he replied as he stood. She undid his pants and pulled them down. Jack lifted her up and tossed her onto the bed. He knelt beside her on the bed, and she looked up, biting her lip. “I’m not sure where to start,” he laughed. He had wanted this for so long that his mind was a mess of all the things he’d planned to do.
“How about here?” She pulled his head to her breast, and he suckled it. She let out a moan that made him shudder. “I changed my mind,” she said with the same breathy voice he had heard when he spied on her.
She grabbed him and eased him on top of her then lifted her hips as he slid into her. He watched her face intently. A mix of pleasure and discomfort that confused him.
“Oh shit! Oh shit!” she exclaimed as he slowly filled her.
“Are you ok?” he asked.
She grinned up at him and bit her lip again. She stared at him, and he was afraid to move.
“I’m great,” she replied, almost purring. She smirked and put her hands on his hips. She pulled him farther in and rocked her hips to meet him. She gasped as he settled completely inside of her then she pushed his hips away. “You’re not going fast enough,” she complained, and he obeyed. Rachel threw her head back and pulled him hard into her once again. “Better.” she gasped, almost out of breath. He picked up speed and thrust into her more forcefully, just as she ordered. He was rewarded with more moans and soft noises of contentment. She moved with him, helping him, then she pulled her hands away.
Rachel bit her lip as she looked into his eyes. She looked so beautiful, so content. He slowed as he looked back at her, and her expression turned cross.
“Don’t you dare stop,” she ordered.
He returned to the rhythmic motion, and she ran her hands across her breasts as her breath came quicker. She looked like she was enjoying herself as much as she was enjoying him, and it only urged him on. Her hips started to move in time with him and then she started to squirm.
“Don’t stop!” she ordered again. Her moans increased in pitch, and she threw her head back again to let out a loud moan. She wrapped her legs around him, and they urged him to thrust harder. Her hands found their way back to his hips, and they urged him even more. “Yes.” She said softly. “Yes!” she said again louder. “YES!” she screamed, and her legs tightened.
Her nails dug into his hips. She struggled to hold on, but the building pleasure made her lose her grip. Her hands clapped hard on his back, and she dug her nails in, desperately clinging to him as if she might fall. She threw her head back, and her whole body shuddered. His body tensed, and she moaned louder. She held on tightly as the waves of pleasure hit her again and again, then they were both still.
When the blinding light faded, it left them both dazed and uncertain of what to do next. They clung to each other, not wanting to be apart. Jack smiled and rolled onto his side. Rachel pushed him onto his back and followed his roll, not wanting to break their connection. She sat above him and looked down, then laid herself on his chest. He caressed her back as she traced the muscles in his arms with her nails.
“Was that ok or do you want a refund?” he joked.
“It was a good start. I think I’ll get my money’s worth.” She pulled her head up and looked him in the eyes. So that’s what the purple was for. His eyes were still mostly grey, but the purple tint was everywhere now.

Chapter 14
Jack woke in the morning, well, it was technically still morning. He hadn’t slept that long in years. It had to be close to noon. He had stayed up with Rachel until dawn talking and laughing, this was after Rachel finally got her money’s worth. He smiled as he looked around the room then concern set in. Where had Rachel gone?
Jack dressed and headed out of the tavern, then he finally came across Dave and Chuck. They looked worried and were heading straight for him. They weren’t running, but their pace was brisk.
“Jack!” Dave called out when he was close enough that he thought Jack might hear him. He started running, and Chuck followed behind him.
“Where’s Rachel?” Jack asked.
“He took her!” Chuck yelled as he finally caught up.
“Who?” Jack asked, matching their worry.
“Xavier took her, just about ten minutes ago,” Dave answered.
Jack paced a few times, then took off toward their camp.
“Where you going?” Dave asked.
Without stopping, Jack yelled back.
“To get my sword!” He didn’t even turn around and was gone before they could ask any more questions. When he got back, they were still standing where he’d left them.
“Now I need a horse,” Jack said confidently.
“Where are you going? You can’t take him on yourself,” Dave argued.
“Won’t matter. All I have to do is die, and she will be safe.” Jack started walking toward the stables. He didn’t even sound upset about it.
“What do you mean all you have to do is die?” Dave asked as he caught up with Jack.
“Long story, but I’m not going to just walk in and say ‘Kill me’,” Jack laughed. “I’ll fight until they finally take me out, then she will be fine.”
When Jack got to the stables, he noticed the captain of the guard was there.
“Captain, can I have a horse to go help Princess Rachel?” Jack asked. It sounded so strange to call her princess. The woman who wore men’s pants all the time was a princess. The woman who made him so happy for so long, despite the frustration of secretly being in love with her. The woman he was willing to die for. He could hardly believe she was the princess, but it was true.
“Fine, but just you,” he snapped.
Dave puffed up, and Jack thought he was going to attack the man. His face got red, and his hands were balled into fists at his side.
“I’m going too, dad! And you can’t stop me!” Dave yelled and stood his ground. When his father didn’t reply, he yelled again. “And this is Charlemagne.” Dave pointed to Chuck.
“You can call me Chuck,” he said with a weak wave, cringing the whole time.
“So, this is him?” the captain asked. He didn’t seem to match Dave’s anger, but he did look upset.
“Yes, dad. This is my boyfriend,” Dave said angrily. He took a step toward his father and stared into his eyes. His dad was as tall as he was but built like an ox.
“Good, you finally quit being a pussy and admitted it.” He turned and walked away.
Dave just stood there looking at his father as he left. The look of shock and amazement on Dave’s face nearly made Jack laugh. He tried desperately to hold it in, but the look on Dave’s face was priceless.
“Did he just…” Dave started.
“I think that means he’s ok with it.” Jack couldn’t hold it in any longer and laughed loudly.
“Did you ever even try?” Chuck asked Dave.
“No,” Dave admitted, lowering his head.
“Now, if you’re coming you better get on a horse. I’m not protecting you either. You’re my sidekicks for this one.” Jack mounted his horse.
“Do you know where we’re going?!” Dave asked.
“I should. I was going to rob that place once. I hope I still know how to get in.” Jack grinned at them then took off.
Dave and Chuck got themselves horses then followed Jack out of town.

Chapter 15
After three days of nonstop riding, they reached the town surrounding the castle. While Jack continued on to the castle itself, Chuck and Dave took their horses to the stable and prepared for their part of the plan. Jack had instructed them to come to the castle as night fell. Jack found the entrance he had used to scout the place out. It was a broken piece of wall that, luckily, no one had found yet. He pulled the heavy rocks away from the wall, and soon a small hole was visible. It was just large enough for him to fit in, but just barely. As he squeezed through, he laughed at how much weight he’d put on since his first attempt at stealing from the castle. It had been three years ago, before he met Rachel.
Rachel sure did take care of him. In the last year, since he’d met her, he’d put on about twenty pounds. Before he met her, he’d be lucky to get one meal a day. She was adamant about them getting three meals a day, even if two of them were oatmeal. It also helped that they walked a lot. Every other day they were off to a new town so Rachel could search for the man that was supposed to help her. He almost laughed thinking of how funny it was that he’d been the one helping her to find this man and it turned out to be him.
Jack sat at the outside wall of the castle in the dark corner near the opening. Dave and Chuck were late. The sun was down, and the torches were being lit around the courtyard. If they didn’t hurry, someone would stumble across him. Then Jack heard the commotion. A loud crash followed by guards running to the front gate. He was close enough that he could hear the yelling and make out most of what was being said.
“What the hell are you doing?!” the guard yelled.
“I was told to bring this keg of ale to the castle,” Chuck said confidently.
“Then why didn’t you just knock?” the guard answered back quieter but no less frustrated.
“You think I told my ox to go smash down the castle gate?!” Chuck yelled back. “Yeah, I planned to send my ox careening through the door and dump my entire month’s work all over the ground. That’s exactly what I planned.”
When the last guard headed toward the gate to help clean up the mess, Jack made his move. He quickly crossed the courtyard, carefully avoiding the torches that were lit. This hadn’t been his original plan, but this one was better. The addition of two accomplices made it much quicker and easier to get inside. When he hit the inner wall, he crept along the base, hidden by the shadows until he reached the inner door. Beside the door was a pillar on either side. He climbed the one near him then grabbed the balcony to the second-floor bedroom.
He thanked whoever was watching over him as he realized the bedroom was abandoned. He cautiously opened the balcony doors which weren’t even locked, then made his way across the cobweb-covered room.
“You’re good,” a voice came from a dark corner in the room, and Jack froze. Soon a man stepped into the dim light. A man he would never forget. The man that killed his family. “I mean if I hadn’t been looking for her mysterious man, I might have been caught off guard.” Xavier laughed evilly.
“I won’t be so easy to beat this time,” Jack snapped and pulled out his sword.
“Do I know you? I’m horrible with faces. Have we met?” Xavier taunted.
“You killed my family. You even thought you killed me.” He started toward Xavier.
“I’ve killed many families. You can’t expect me to remember them all,” Xavier laughed again.
Jack swung at Xavier, but the evil mage blasted Jack in the chest before he could reach him. Jack went flying against the far wall and slumped to the floor.
“I guess that is the end of that,” Xavier smirked and walked to the door. “Almost disappointing.”
Jack opened one eye, and when Xavier was facing the door, he lunged at him and thrust his sword through the evil mages back. Xavier spun and backhanded Jack. Jack flew to the other side of the room and smashed against the dresser, crushing it.
Xavier put his hands on the blade and the metal melted.
“Looks like this might take longer than I thought. You’re stronger than I was expecting.” Xavier crossed the room as the rest of the sword melted and fell from his body.
Jack was dazed and a little out of it, but he was able to get to his feet. He watched the ominous man walking toward him. How the hell was he supposed to beat Xavier? He had just shrugged off a sword that went straight through him. There was no way for Jack to beat him. Then he realized that he didn’t have to win. In fact, he had to lose.
“Kill me,” Jack laughed. Apparently, this was how he was going to handle it. He laughed again as he remembered telling Dave.
“If you insist,” Xavier said as he put both hands on Jack’s shoulders. “This is probably going to hurt…a lot.”
Energy formed on Xavier’s hands, dark energy that soon surrounded Jack. The pain was excruciating, but Jack stood in spite of it. He might be destined to die, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t enjoy his last moments. Knowing that Xavier would soon fail, brought a cruel smile to his face.
“Why aren’t you dead?!” Xavier yelled as he tried to let go of Jack but couldn’t. “What are you doing?!” He pulled as hard as he could, but his hands wouldn’t leave Jack’s shoulders, and Jack was physically stronger than he was. Without his magic, Xavier was no match for the man who had virtually been training nonstop since he was nine years old. This last year alone, with Rachel taking care of him, he’d become stronger than he’d ever been. He could have crushed Xavier with his bare hands if it wasn’t for the evil man’s magic.
The smile on Jack’s face turned even crueler as he realized that Xavier was afraid. Jack looked down and saw the reason for Xavier’s fear. He wouldn’t have to crush Xavier, he’d already dealt the blow that would kill the mage.
Xavier could feel all his magic draining quickly into Jack. He screamed in agony as the wound in his chest reopened. Without his magic, the wound was deadly.
“You tricked me!” he screamed as the blood pooled at his feet. In a few seconds Xavier lost consciousness then died. As the last of his magic drained away, his lifeless body was able to release Jack, and it fell to the floor.
Jack walked painfully to the door and opened it. He saw the seer from the shop in town standing on the other side.
“She’s at the top of the stairs, in her room.” The old woman pointed up a winding staircase.
Jack ran up the stairs taking two or three at a time and finally came to a locked door. He pushed against it a few times then kicked it open. Rachel jumped up from the bed, her eyes red from crying. She stood up and stared at Jack, unable to believe her eyes.
“You’re supposed to be dead,” she said then a smile filled her face. “Not that I’m complaining.”
“Believe me, I tried to die. Someone else had a different plan.” Jack rushed to her and picked her up. She kissed all over his face before finally reaching his lips. She suddenly stopped, and Jack turned to follow her gaze.
The old seer stood in the doorway.
“Your father is in the dungeon, he’s alive,” she said. She appeared sad, and Rachel couldn’t stop herself from asking.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“Nothing, my child. I’m just sad to say goodbye, but I am happy. I’ll just miss you.” The woman began to walk toward them, and she got younger with every step. Her white hair turned fiery red, and her face started to look like Rachel’s. As the woman got younger, Jack recognized her but not before Rachel.
“Mom?!” Rachel started crying.
“You!” Jack said, releasing Rachel.
“Hello again, Jack,” the woman smiled.
Her body started to become translucent, and she waved a hand in front of her face. She looked at it sadly.
“I don’t have much time. You set me free.” She smiled at Jack and then at Rachel.
“You saved me,” Jack said.
“Not exactly,” the woman said. “Don’t you remember?”
Jack struggled with his memories, but these were the ones he’d tried desperately to forget.
Realizing that Jack didn’t remember, the woman explained.
“Xavier was trying to kill me. Your mother offered me help, and he killed her for it. Your father attacked him, so he killed your father. Then he killed your brothers and sister because he could. As he moved in to finish me off, you grabbed a pitchfork and stabbed him. In his anger, he tossed you on top of me, so I shielded you. Of course, I didn’t realize how special you were then. It wasn’t until I realized that I was dead that I knew what I had to do. I had to lead you to Rachel. You were her only chance. The only one that could save her from Xavier and her curse.” The image of Rachel’s mother faded a little more.
“But what if I get pregnant?” Rachel asked.
“Don’t worry. Jack can’t have children. Whatever made him what he is, does not want any more like him. He is literally the only man you can marry.” Rachel’s mother smiled, and her body faded even more.
“I love you, mom,” Rachel said, tears streaming down her face.
“I’m sorry for what comes next,” the ghost said as it faded away. A voice came from where she was standing. “All the women in our family have the gift. When I’m gone, it will pass to you.” Then there was a cold silence in the room.
Jack turned to Rachel and looked into her beautiful green eyes.
“Marry me?” he asked.
She smirked at him.
“I don’t know. I think I might have to go over all my options.” She reached out and grabbed his hand, then gasped as her eyes rolled to the back of her head.
Her vision started out cloudy, then the clouds parted to see a large, young man with fiery red hair running across a field with a sword in his hand. His face looked determined and angry. On the other side of the field stood an older woman. Rachel knew right away; it was herself.
“No, the demon!” Rachel screamed in her head, but it didn’t affect the vision. The man kept running straight for the older version of herself.
When the young man reached the older version of Rachel, he dropped the sword and picked her up, smiling.
“Where have you been, mother?” he asked, spinning her.
“Put me down, Seth. I’m not as young as I once was,” she smiled down at the man.
The young man put her down, and Rachel’s heart raced as a man with hair to his shoulders walked up to them. His brown hair was speckled with grey, and he wore the crown of the king. This man must be her future husband. She knew this vision was real, what must happen.
The man put his hand on Seth’s shoulder and laughed.
“Don’t abuse your mother, that’s my job,” he laughed. Before he turned, Rachel knew it was Jack. He had changed physically, but that voice she would recognize anywhere.
“Sorry, dad,” Seth laughed, then started to walk off.
“You ready to be commoners again?” Jack asked Rachel.
“We’ll be parents of the king. We’ll hardly be commoners,” Rachel laughed.
Rachel’s vision shifted, and she knew that it was many years from the previous one.
An old woman stood in front of a mirror brushing her red hair. Her future self again. An old man, who used a cane, opened the door and limped toward her. It was Jack, and he had to be at least seventy years old.
“We have another grandchild, dear. Care to come meet her?” Jack asked with a shaky voice.
“Be right there,” Rachel said.
As Jack closed the door, the future version of Rachel looked into the mirror.
“Find him, Rachel!” she said to herself. “You must find Seth!”
Then Rachel was pulled from the vision as she hit the floor.
“Are you alright?” Jack asked, bending down to help her up.
“Yes, Jack. I’ll marry you,” she smiled up at him.
“Was that a vision?” he asked.
“I’ll explain everything,” Rachel replied. “Let’s get my father first.” She stood up and led Jack to the dungeons.

Chapter 16
Five years later, Jack sat on the throne. His crown was tipped on his head, and he looked deep in thought. A general in his army rushed up to him.
“Your majesty, the raiders are pushing in farther. We need to close the grain stores and force the peasants to fight.” The general stood there, waiting for Jack’s response.
After a few moments, Jack threw his crown across the throne room, and it smashed into the wall.
“Open the grain stores! All of them! Any man or woman willing to provide resources, carry a sword or help the wounded can have a year’s worth of grain for every member of their family,” Jack said angrily.
“We’ll be out of grain by this winter,” the general argued.
“If we don’t stop them, there will be nothing left by this winter!” Jack paced and picked up his crown. “The peasants have as much to lose as we do. They need to understand this.”
“Yes, sir,” the general saluted and headed out.
Chuck and Dave came running in. Chuck’s smile told Jack that it was good news.
“The kingdom of Kolara has agreed to trade our lumber for their ore,” Chuck announced, out of breath.
“That’s wonderful news, Chuck, now if we can get someone to forge us more weapons,” Jack paced again and put his hand to his head.
Jack noticed Dave’s sour expression and knew his news was not as good.
“No word about her?” Jack asked, worried.
“Queen Rachel hasn’t been seen in a week at least. She was last seen at the front,” Dave looked down.
A guard walked in with a peasant woman who looked at least eight months pregnant, she carried a large basket. Her head was completely covered by a scarf. The only thing visible were her eyes.
“Sorry, your majesty.” He bowed and held the woman’s arm. “She says she has news about Queen Rachel.” He bowed once more and backed out of the room.
“Everyone out!” Jack commanded, staring at the peasant woman’s eyes. All the guards filed out of the doors. “Not you two,” he said, smiling at Dave and Chuck. The doors shut, and the smile on Jack’s face grew.
Rachel unwrapped her head, and her long red hair fell across her shoulders.
“I found him!” Rachel exclaimed. She lifted her coat, and a bundle of clothes fell to the ground. “No need to keep pretending to be pregnant,” she said with a huge smile.
“You sure he has no family?” Jack asked and walked toward her.
She just smiled at him.
“Of course, you’re sure,” Jack laughed.
“What are you going to name him?” Chuck asked.
Jack opened the basket, and a beautiful baby boy lay inside, fast asleep.
“He already has a name,” Rachel said, looking at Chuck.
“I’d like to introduce you to Prince Seth,” Jack said with a huge smile.

Epilogue
Fiona Craylet walked up the steps to the throne room. The bright red carpet and gold-trimmed curtains that would normally calm her only served to increase her anxiety today. Last week she had turned twenty-four and it felt like a weight had been placed on her shoulders. She took every step purposefully, hoping some emergency would send her father’s guards running to cancel her meeting with her father, King Seth Craylet. She had been holding her breath and avoiding her father since the night of her birthday party, but today she had been summoned. She didn’t hate her father, in fact, she was sure that he was the most caring and loving father anyone could hope for. Her anxiety was due to the words she knew her father would say.
Fiona brushed the curly red hair from her face. She really wished she had put it in a ponytail today. It went to the middle of her back, and if it hadn’t been for her father’s doting, she would have cut it a long time ago. Her bright green eyes matched her fathers. There was no question who her father was, she looked like a feminine, beautiful version of her father.
Even her face and the light freckles resembled his own. Fiona was short and small compared to the rest of her family. She was only five foot four and barely weighed a hundred and ten pounds, but there was no one else who could match her father with a sword. She was quick and very good with weapons. What she lacked in size, she made up for with determination and practice.
Despite the meeting with her father, the king, she wore brown pants and a modest white blouse. She knew all too well that this was not an official meeting. These were the clothes she wore to their morning training sessions, though they would not be training today.
As she slowed her pace, she thought about the last week. It seemed like her father had been avoiding her as well. Fiona and her father spent every morning in the castle yard training with swords, riding horses or just picking apples. Of her two brothers and one sister, Fiona was certain that she was his favorite.
Her oldest brother, Jack, named after his grandfather, was to be king next year but his relationship with his father was formal and cold. Their relationship, as well as his relationship with Fiona, was not harsh in the slightest, it simply didn’t exist. They spoke kindly to each other and would bend over backwards to help each other, but this was because they were family. Fiona often thought the age difference was the reason. Jack was thirty-two and Fiona, he saw as a child needing his protection. How wrong he was.
The second oldest, her sister, Elisabeth, also had a cold relationship with their father. She was headstrong and wanted to marry a prince from a neighboring kingdom, but Seth wouldn’t allow it. Not until Fiona was twenty-seven, a prediction from her late grandmother, Rachel. Elisabeth was one to hold grudges and had barely spoken to Fiona and Seth over the last year.
The last was John, the baby of the family, clearly his mother’s favorite. John was taught everything his heart desired, and he desired every piece of knowledge he could get his hands on. John was far smarter than the rest of them, he was slated to be a politician. He would serve as Jack’s advisor and leader of the council. At least Fiona got along with John. She and John had little to argue about. Fiona took after her father, a warrior and savior of the people. John took after their mother and would rather make laws to help the people. Their desire to help the people of their kingdom was their common ground.
Fiona smiled as she thought of John. He would be twenty-two next month and old enough to keep Jack in line if he made a mistake. Not that Jack would make a mistake, Jack never made mistakes. He would be a good king, maybe not as kind and generous as her father, but a good king nonetheless. He would listen to John, even Jack could see the intelligence in everything that John did.
Fiona pushed the large doors open, and the guards at the door bowed deeply.
“Princess Fiona,” they both said as they stood up straight. The one on the left smirked, and Fiona nearly burst out laughing.
Joshua was a new guard and a school friend of hers. He was a year older, and for a time she thought she might end up falling for him. He was a cute man, but that was the problem. She didn’t want a cute man. She wanted breathtaking and stunning. A gorgeous man with the ability to make her laugh. Joshua had the laughing part down, but there was no physical attraction, at least not for her.
One of her friends from school was on her way to becoming Misses Joshua. Jenna was a nice girl, and she nearly swooned every time Joshua came in the room. Joshua really deserved someone like Jenna and Jenna deserved him.
Fiona’s smile left as she made her way to the throne. The walk seemed incredibly long today. Maybe because she wasn’t bounding up to her father like she usually did.
“Leave us please,” King Seth ordered. He paused, and a cunning smile formed. “And Joshua, please try to contain yourself. I know it’s just Fiona, but I can’t have my guards making my guests laugh. That’s my job.” Seth’s smile widened, and Joshua tried to make a stern face. “It’s ok to laugh when I make a joke.” Joshua smiled back and walked out, closing the doors behind him.
Seth’s smile left, and a concerned look replaced it. He had been a large, muscular man who could have turned the eye of any woman, but he was in his sixties now. He had also slain many evil creatures in his day. To say that Seth was a good king was an understatement beyond compare. King Seth would be remembered as the greatest king in their history, even overshadowing his father, Jack.
Fiona looked at him with admiration, and her anxiety left for a moment. She needed a man like this. Not her father, of course, but someone like her father. A strong, sturdy man who could make her laugh. Someone she could admire and trust. Someone that she would have to keep close to let other women know that he belonged to her.
“I’m sorry. I’ve been avoiding you,” Fiona started.
“I’m sorry,” Seth replied. “I’ve been avoiding you as well. I’ve dreaded this day since the day you were born.”
“I know father,” Fiona stated, staring at her hands that were clasped in front of her.
“I don’t know what to say.” Seth looked at her hands, then held his arms out wide.
Fiona threw herself into her father’s arms and hugged him as hard as she could. Tears streamed down her face, and her sobbing made the king want to cry as well.
“I’m going…I’m going to…” Fiona couldn’t finish the words, she was crying too hard to finish.
“I’m going to miss you too, my little fire maiden.” A single tear fell from his eye, and he squeezed his daughter tightly.
Fiona’s tears fell even faster, and she held on for dear life. This needed to last, she needed to remember how he felt, even how he smelled.
“Why do I have to go?” Fiona asked, knowing the answer.
“You know exactly why. You must protect the sorceress. She is the only one that can defeat your grandmother’s demon. Without you, she will never make it to him.” Seth eased his daughter upright so he could see her face. The love on his face was evident to her.
“Can’t I stay until…” Fiona wasn’t going to finish this sentence, it hurt too much.
“No. Even though I’d rather you were with me when I die, that would be selfish. It would endanger the world. You are my daughter in every way possible. You know exactly why you can’t stay.” Seth wiped the tear from his cheek, and this almost caused Fiona to start sobbing all over again.
“Do you know how you will die?” Fiona asked, hoping he had kept this a secret from her, but she knew better.
“No, your grandmother said I shouldn’t know. It will be quick. I won’t suffer.” Seth looked at Fiona.
He didn’t mind dying, he had known since he was a child that he would die when his fiery daughter was twenty-four. He had assumed it was Elisabeth, but as the two of them grew older, he knew that fiery didn’t describe their hair color but the fire in everything that Fiona did. She never did anything halfway. If she chose to clean out the horse stables, they would be the cleanest stables in all the land. Once his daughter had her mind set, there was no stopping her. This was the fire that his mother spoke of, and this was the fire that would ensure the sorceress’s safety.
“How soon do I have to leave?” Fiona asked, accepting her fate. When her grandmother Rachel had been alive, she told Fiona of her purpose. She was to help defeat the demon that her grandmother had only postponed. Rachel didn’t give birth to the demon, but someone else had.
“You will leave in the morning,” King Seth replied solemnly. He stared into Fiona’s green eyes and saw his mother. He was adopted, but it was surprising how much his little Fiona looked like a thinner, shorter version of his mother. Perhaps it was wishful thinking, but the green eyes and fiery red hair didn’t help.
“I love you, father,” Fiona said, wiping her tears with her shirt sleeve.
“I love you too, my little fire maiden,” King Seth grinned and Fiona could see the tears in his eyes. “One more thing. Keep your grandmother’s predictions to yourself. Some things, people aren’t ready to hear. You will find that even your closest friends will hate you for knowing what is coming. They will blame you for not stopping it, even though you can’t.”
“What about the sorceress?” Fiona asked.
“Your cousin will understand. You must tell her and only her. Morven will have filled her in by now. Even your lover will not understand. Not until after it is all said and done.” Seth smiled, and Fiona turned to leave.
A lover? Fiona’s mood lifted, and a smile started to form as she walked toward the doors. Her father had slipped. He knew grandma Rachel wouldn’t approve of telling her this little tidbit. Her grandmother always kept these kinds of things to herself. She felt that knowing something personal only caused complications. Fiona was glad her father had slipped up. She now knew she would soon find a lover!
At the doorway, she stopped and turned back to her father.
“Do you ever wonder what it would have been like to be raised by Morven, your real father?” Fiona stared at her father with anticipation.
“I was raised by my real parents, as far as I’m concerned. Jack was my father in every way that mattered. Morven is just responsible for my birth.” Seth paused and wanted to be perfectly clear on this. He would not have a chance to explain further. He would never see his perfect little fire maiden ever again. He would, of course, say goodbye to her, but the parting would be filled with more crying and hugging. “I don’t hate Morven, I just didn’t know him. I loved Jack and Rachel as much as anyone could. Jack and Rachel were my real parents.”
Fiona smiled and turned to leave. This was exactly the response she hoped for. If she was destined to find a lover, he would have a hard time competing with her idealized version of a perfect man, the one modeled after her perfect father.

Book 2 of Morven’s Legacy, To Seduce a Sorceress is now available.


If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something, you would be interested in sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on twitter @StevenSterupJr or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5


Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.



