Jewel Of Humanity
By; Jessica G. Rabbit



© Copyright 2018 by Jessica G.Rabbit- All rights reserved.

In no way is it legal to reproduce, duplicate, or transmit any part of this document in either electronic means or in printed format. Recording of this publication is strictly prohibited and any storage of this document is not allowed unless with written permission from the publisher. All rights reserved.
Respective authors own all copyrights not held by the publisher.



Dedication
This book is dedicated to the dreamers and believers...
"Take a leap of faith and begin this wondrous new year by believing. Believe in yourself. And believe that there is a loving Source - a Sower of Dreams - just waiting to be asked to help you make your dreams come true."-Sarah Ban Breat


  Prologue
     *TWENTY YEARS PAST*
It was night. The full moon illuminated the sacred Chapel inside the tower, at the very top of Castle MeadowBrook.
"We must find a way to keep the jewel safe, Your Majesty," confessed the Royal Chancellor of Meadowbrook to the Queen, Bihaldy, who was holding her sleeping, infant daughter, the Princess. 
She was such a perfect,beautiful babe  to her. She saw the resemblance in the tiny face of the man she had loved and ruled with. He was dead now, and here she stood in the light of the moon with her Royal confidante contemplating how to protect her legacy.
"Are you suggesting I hide it from my new husband, Chancellor?" She asked. Knowing full well that was exactly what he was suggesting.
He looked ashamed of her accusation. She didn’t know if it was sincere or if he were playing the part given to him so many,many, years ago.
"I only mean to protect you and your only heir, Your Majesty. This Jewel has been entrusted to your family for centuries. I'm only thinKing of your duty to your Kingdom. You have only been wed to him for six months. No one is questioning his loyalty to you, or yours. It is the safest and wisest thing to do." 
The Chancellor was right, she admitted to herself. She could not tell her new husband, and new King of Zuff, about the family entrusted jewel. Ever. 
He had been there for her when she had been left a very pregnant,vulnerable widow and Queen to a Kingdom on the cusp of war. He had assisted her in Royal counsel and made her Royal guard and home more fortified than she had ever thought possible, and now after the great war her Kingdom was now known for its commanding and resilient army. He was everything she had needed in that moment of turmoil. He was everything she could ever want in a second husband, strong, ambitious, and loyal. He was not of noble blood, but his striKing looks, alluring presence, valor, and command of battle strategy seemed to overshadow that. She didn't truly know if he loved her for her or the idea of being wed to a Queen. It had been too soon to tell. They had been married literally seconds before the enemies breached her home. By doing so, he was able to combine their forces, win the war and end the madness that had consumed her land. 
She recalled hiding in this very tower as the war waged on inside of her own castle walls. She had held her heavy stomach and feared for her unborn child. She was no stranger to war or to loss, having lost her true love in the very same war weeks prior to this integral attack. He had been her life. Her strength. Her everything. He had been born into nobility just as she. He was known for his power in battle and his strong leadership. His heart and sword had been pledged to the protection of Zuff. He was handsome, charismatic and always wise in his counsel to her. She had loved him instantly. She thought he would be pleased with her match to her new husband. Fresh tears sprang free at the thought of her dead husband, Tehxadlayk. If he had been alive she wouldn’t be worrying about any of this, but he was dead and the newfound fate of the Kingdom they built together rested with her. She was thankful for their last moments together before he had gone away to battle. They had been passionate, sexual, loving bliss of the purest kind. She knew she would never feel that way about anyone ever again. He had, at least, died a hero and left her with an heir. Their child. A beautiful baby girl she named Flossina. 
Her heart was still broken and filled with grief, but her duty demanded she remarry, and so she had. She chose Fvendal, a warrior from a poor, yet strong Kingdom, who aided in the conquering of the SheHaalte’s, The enemy who had almost destroyed Zuff, two neighboring Kingdoms south and murdered her King. Bihadlly thought it only right to marry their most valiant Commander and Chief warrior to show her gratitude and solidify their bond. She had hoped the union would also solidify her position as Queen among her own people, instilling trust and hope back into them, but now, she herself was unsure. They had been married only a few months. The people had loved Tehxadlayk as much as she. He had turned out to be a true King and a kind man, not only to her but to the people. 
Now, she stood over her small infant daughter with tears streaming down her face. She had placed the small bundle on  the alter. The baby didn’t move. The High Chancellor took out a red stone from his pocket and placed it in the center of the infant’s chest. He then took his position, which was him standing in front of the altar with his hands in a praying position. His rosary beads were also wrapped around his hands.  She knew it was the only way to keep her Kingdom and her child safe, even in the event of another war. She did what she felt was right.
Then the High Chancellor recited the ancient words, and the red jewel glowed like a bright ember.
"A caelo usque ad centrum. A capite ad calcem. A mari usque ad mare. A posse as esse. Ab antiquo. Ab extra. Abhinc. Ad lucem !"
The stone moved from its place, and began to levitate a few feet in the air, spinning  with lightning speed above the sleeping baby.
 The High Chancellor once again spoke and recited the ancient words, "Ad lucem! I conjuro te!"
An orange light burned bright inside of the jewel, giving off a red powerful glow. Bihadlly wasn't Queen of  Zuff, in that moment. She was just Bihadlly, a mother afraid for her baby and family legacy. She had no choice, she kept reciting to herself. She stood a few feet away and watched the small bundle as the Jewel spun and glowed abov her only child.
The High Chancellor recited more ancient words, "Absit inuria." 
Then Flossina began to glow until she was a bright white light. The light slowly began merging with the red light from the jewel. Queen Bihadlly watched as her small child rose up from the alter. The spell the High Chancellor had cast was worKing. The Jewel of Humanity would be locked inside of her daughter. Protected. No one would ever guess it. She watched as a great burst of pink light filled the chamber and in one brief flash, it was done. Her baby was still sound asle on the altar. She picked up her child then and looked at her Royal Advisor.
"Your Majesty, it worked. We can rest safely."
"Yes, High Chancellor, we can... for now..."


1-Course Of Life
Princess Flossina focused in and out of consciousness. She kept hearing a loud, sound, similar to crashing. She also felt a strong hand holding the back of her neck in place while pressing something cold to her lips, forcing her to drink something, which was bitter tasting and sticky. She wanted to spit it out, but she couldn’t move. Her body was in so much pain. Whatever she was drinKing seemed to stick to her insides and melt into her. She could feel her insides stinging and moving as she was forced to continue to drink the unknown contents. She felt excruciating pain shooting through her body. She didn't know if she screamed out or not, so overwhelming was it. Her eyes felt too heavy to open. Where was she? She asked herself. Even in her mind, asKing that question seemed to take forever to develop into one cohesive thought.
 She did the impossible task of opening her eyes, to half open slits, and was greeted to the shadow of a man literally fighting over her body. She felt dizzy from watching his quick movements and being gently nudged by his torso as he draped his body over hers and multi-tasked. Someone or something had his full attention. He laid her head back down on the examination table. Her head rolled to the side and she saw three other men, dressed like assassins in their head to toe garb, with only their lifeless eyes looking back at the stranger who clung to her now. Even in her pain stricken haze she recognized them as the elite Royal guards of her Kingdom,Zuff. Maybe this stranger had taken her and they were fighting to get her back.They wore the royal colors. Their swords were drawn and they were attacKing the figure with full force. She didn't know who was helping her. She wanted to protest, to fight back, but her body wouldn't move. The pain was slowly subsiding, but she was immobile and helpless. The heaviness of her eyelids seemed to overpower her ability to keep them open. She was overcome with one last wave of pain and she passed out unconscious once again.
When next she awoke, she was in a large room laying in a bed, under a soft fur blanket. She sat up, surveyed the room frantically,trying to remember what had happened before. She saw no Royal Guards or the man that seemed to be helping her, only a wall made up of wooden shelves with thick, leather bound books. Some of the shelves were in her line of vision. With snifters and containers with various powders and ingredients. It looked like she was inside of  a healers bedchamber. Her sudden movements made her head feel like it was splitting open.
 How did she get here? And how long had she been knocked out? What had knocked her out? The last thing she remembered was speaking with her mother in the Royal Dining room, in castle MeadowBrook. Her mother had been late to supper, as was her usual habit. Always insisting on taKing care of her Royal Garden herself.  
Her mother spoke fondly about her father, the true King of Zuff, who gave her a single orchid plant as a token of his undying, and rare love at the beginning of their courtship. Bihadlly had kept it all these years, having planted it in her private garden beside her bedchamber when he had passed in battle. Now nineteen years later she had a vibrant, thriving Orchid garden derived from that plant. She was always reminded of his love for her and their daughter. From time to time Flossina would catch her mother there, sitting on a stone bench,alone. TalKing to the wind, or just silently crying. She knew her mother was still in love with her father. It always saddened her to see her mother so vulnerable and grief-stricken. 
 Flossina had never been in love, and didn't know if she truly wanted to be. The stories her mother had told her about her father were passionate and intense. She sounded so carefree and happy when she spoke of him, and their time together. But seeing her mother now, heart-broken,melancholy, a completely different woman. She didn’t know if she had the same strength to go on if she were put in that very same position. 
Her mother had to  marry someone to solidify her Kingdom while the love of her life, now dead from war’s baby grew in her belly. She had quickly strategized a plan that benefitted herself and her people. She married a man, but had never loved him. Flossina was aware that her stepfather knew her mother would never hold him in that same regard as her father, but she always showed him respect, kindness, and wifely admiration. To the Kingdom they were a united front. Her mother was a strong Queen and she could only hope she would follow in her footsteps when, or even if it ever became her turn. She had never understood her mother, even after her great love was gone she never took another man to her bed, not even her stepfather. Her mother was a genuinely good person, and a wonderful Ruler.
 She and her mother had been washing their hands in the small stone fountain situated beside the large Oak dining table laden with food, when her stepfather came in with his entourage, bearing news from the neighboring Kingdom about their Prince, who would soon become King and was in search of a Princess to be his bride to fortify his reign inside of his Kingdom. She tried to ignore it all. She knew what her stepfather was up to. He always tried to hide it under the guise of caring stepfather and of wanting to be an ‘unconventional’ King. Flossina didn’t buy it. She wouldn't marry a complete stranger and be shipped off somewhere else because he didn’t want to give up what was rightfully hers in the first place. 
She had never let anyone know, but she couldn’t stand her Stepfather. He appeared kind and brave to everyone else, but she could see through him. He was power hungry. She was to rule over Zuff, just as her mother had, and her mother had before her. She would serve the people and guide them, do her royal duty by upholding the peace of the land, but she would only do that as the rightful Queen of her home, and none other. Her stepfather would have to come to grips with that. They all sat down at the table and began their evening meal and that's as far as her memory went.
She looked down at her clothing and realized they weren't hers, and there wasn’t a lot of clothing. She wore a black sheer halter top, trimmed in gold beading and a black, sheer loincloth. Through her confusion she recognized that this was attire worn by the palace courtesans, or so she had been told by her lady’s maid. She had seen them once before when the troops were celebrating a holiday.  The women had  worn outfits similar to this and danced for the men. She remembered thinKing she would never have the courage or need to ever wear such clothing. She looked at her left wrist and saw the scar that was in the shape of a Egyptian hieroglyph that was  known as her royal marKing. Given to all women in her family at birth. Why couldn't she remember? It was beginning to bother her, and make the back of her head throb. She was about to get out of the bed when she saw him. It was the same shadow figure that had been fighting over her. She hadn't noticed him standing there looking out into the sienna red sunset. It was dusk. She looked at his side profile. He was very handsome, she thought.
"You're awake." He sounded relieved to her. "How is your head?" He asked.
She didn't speak. She was frightened, and a little shocked at how off she felt. What were his plans with her? Was he on her side?
"I'm Marlon. Welcome to Moenia, my home." He walked over to her and stopped when he was looming over her. 
She noticed then that he was tall, and then she saw his eyes. They were the most beautiful shade of gold she had ever seen. He was a beautiful man to her, if there was such a thing. The stubble and tiny thin white scars peppered the beauty of his strong jaw and chiseled features and made him seem hardened and cold. That mix intrigued and scared her. 
 He sat down on the bed beside her.
"Moenia?” She played with the name. “I've never heard of this place."
"Of course not. It’s fortified and enchanted. To the normal onlooker it looks like a desert wasteland on the outskirts of Zuff, but to you and I, it's our refuge. You’re safe here."
She felt herself relax slightly at those words.
"How did I get here?" She asked, unconsciously rubbing the fur nervously.
"I brought you here. It wasn't safe for you there any longer."
"Why not?" She asked slowly.
Not safe in Zuff? Her own Kingdom? Her home? What was going on? She had to get back there and find her mother and to make sure she was safe. She started to remove the furs once more when he stilled her movements.
"Princess, please I cannot allow you to leave."
"But, I must. You must take me back. I have to find my mother. I have to find her… to talk to her. Why am I not safe?" She felt the panic slowly rising up inside of her. 
"Because Princess, your mother, Queen Bihadlly has been murdered." He answered gently.
She felt all the air leave her body, as if someone had punched her in the center of her chest. She felt numb.
"No....no... I...can't....It can't be! Who...who would do this? Who would do such a thing?"
"Princess, you did..."  







2-To Swear by Apollo The Healer, by Asclepius, by Hygieia, by Panacea, and by all the Gods and Goddesses...
Marlon had only meant to stay for a few moments, but he had gotten sidetracked with his own thoughts of her. Something other than what he saw was pulling him to her. He didn't like leaving her alone, even if she was unconscious. He felt she was already his ward.
Day was turning into night. He stood there looking out over the sea of desert as the sun set in the far off horizon, contemplating his next move. He was surprised she had awakened when she had. The damage that had been done to her body was almost completely healed up. He could see that her face, neck, and shoulders were still swollen and badly bruised. She needed rest. The rest in conjunction with the healing potion he had given her earlier at his shop was worKing very well together.
She looked a far cry better now than how she had appeared when someone had anonymously left her on his shop doorstep the night before. She had been wrapped in nothing but a smelly, brown, burlap cloak and had been drenched in blood. He had made the assumption based off of her lack of attire that she was a Royal courtesan. One that the King had discarded for her immoral misdeeds, or simply because he had grown bored with her. He had always thought royalty were a strange lot, but this habit was quite common among them in these lands. Zuff law stated every discarded servant or Courtesan must never be acknowledged,touched, or helped in any way. To do so meant death for you and your household. 
Marlon was a man who believed in his healing techniques and abilities. He believed every person deserved medical care, no matter their station in life. He aided her as he had the many others' before her. Treating them all with the same dignity and respect he used with his regular patients. After gently washing her unconscious body and dressing her wounds he saw that she was alarmingly beautiful, and he had to wonder what crime she committed to be hurt so mercilessly. She must have been a favorite of the King's, fallen from his grace. Only a man in a jealous rage would hurt a woman like this, he thought.
 As a physician and healer, he had taken an oath to turn no sick or hurting being away.  He had had no formal training, but still took the oath seriously. Healing was not his given trade, but more so his cover. He was a skilled assassin, trained in the art of subterfuge and sabotage. He hailed from a secret order that once resided as the elite militia of  Zuff before the King dissolved it after the war with the SheHaalte’s, the enemy who had almost destroyed Zuff and the Kingdoms south of it as well as murdered the King. Because of his father’s immediate defiance to the new King’s hand picked General he was sent to live the rest of his life in the Castle MeadowBrooke. Marlon had swore a blood oath that when the time was right he would rescue his father at whatever the cost it took. That cost at the moment was his life, a price he thought paled in comparison to his father. 
Five years ago he had put his plan in motion and payed the previous healer who had resided there before him with a handsome sum of gold to leave the Kingdom and start fresh somewhere new and faraway, and to forget seeing Marlon. When the physician saw the large amount of gold bullion he was overjoyed and happily taught Marlon everything he knew, which took two years, but finally the man made him recite the ancient oath a healer took, thanked him again for his generosity and disappeared. For three more years after that he had bided his time playing the part by day and  thinKing of ways to seek out his revenge by night. The first task was killing the King, but not before getting the whereabouts of his father first. 
He looked at her discolored and marred facial features. She looked dead to him. Every inch of her, including her hair, was caked in blood. It took him over an hour to fully clean, disinfect, and prep her wounds. He heard Zuff's royal toll bell ring eight times, far off  in the center of town, signifying the death of  a Royal, and the beginning of mourning for the entire Kingdom and its people. Far off cries of wailing, disbelief and dismay bounced off the stone walls and echoed into his back room, but he ignored them all, and kept to the task of wiping her delicate gray skin with the once white sponge, now rust red from her blood. He positioned her wrist so he could feel her pulse when he noticed the hieroglyph scar. He knew within an instant that she was Royalty and the bells were ringing for her. Just then, Lokul, the cobbler, whose business neighbored Marlon's, came inside his place of business in a frantic haste, calling for him.
"Marlon! Marlon !" He was sweating and out of breath from the somber excitement. 
Lokul was a short, fat older man who loved to gossip.
He had placed the girl in his private examination room in the back of his shop because of the law forbidding anyone to cure or heal a punished courtesan or slave once they were sentenced to their fate. Marlon thought it was a barbaric law and had been secretly healing them since he had been here. making sure to give them enough coin to secure a safe passage on a ship and out of this mad Kingdom.
 He quickly walked up to the marble service counter. On the other side stood his business neighbor. He still had his flint blade on him and quickly put his Apothecary apron on to hide his dagger before his neighbor noticed. 
"Evening Lokul." He said calmly.
"Did you hear the Royal Bells chime?" Lokul asked in excitement.
"I thought that was what I heard, but I have been in the back worKing on new healing sacraments." He lied.
"Oh yes, your potions. Marlon, my good friend you have a gift. Our Kingdom must be one of the healthiest thanks to you and your healing magic. There's talk of conspiracy going on in the castle. "
"Conspiracy?" That word intrigued him.
"Aye, Queen Bihadlly was murdered by her daughter, Princess Flossina. They say the Princess fled once it was discovered and has been killed by the Royal guard. They are afoot right now scouring everywhere in search of the Princess's body. Poor Queen Bihadlly."
Marlon knew the news Lokul was telling him could be true. He had the Princess on his exam table heavily sedated and in need of more healing. He would have to move her soon. He tried to not rush his neighbor as to not give any indication something was amiss.
"I will keep an eye out then. Grave robbers are on the move again selling body parts. I'm sure a Princesses corpse will sell for a pretty penny. I could ask around if they know anything when I am at the trading post?" He hoped he sounded convincing.
"Aye, Marlon. That would be a fine idea. I will do the same. They have enlisted an early curfew and the upbringing of the main drawbridge until her body is retrieved. I best get going."
He quickly walked out of Marlon's shop without looking back. Marlon wasn't the least shocked at what the King had told the Kingdom. He knew it had to be more to what was going on, and the proof was lying unconscious on his table. He had examined her body while he had washed and bandaged her. He saw no defensive wounds, and judging by her petite frame he knew she wouldn’t have had the strength to kill anyone. He locked his door and hurriedly walked back to the sterile room. She was still lying there motionless, in the place he had left her, looking lifeless and battered. Far from the beauty the Royal lamenters had written songs about. Her coloring was still bleak. He took a healing potion, one of the strongest he had, from a cabinet behind him and began forcing it into her mouth. Holding her neck securely so she would automatically open it, when suddenly, appeared  a large cloud of blue smoke and in the smoke stood three Elite Royal Guards. They filled the entryway of the private room. Marlon wasn't surprised by their arrival. Someone had use a locator spell. It was common for trackers to use in dire situations. He counted and saw there was only three of them. He couldn't fight them, not here anyway, there was a high chance they would undo the work and healing of his patient, and he needed answers from her. He held her head back her lips were open and he could see her lightly drinKing the potion. Before he could remove the bottle a sword was slicing the air in front of him. His reflexes were cat-like and he knew what he had to do. With one swift movement, he removed the razor sharp flint dagger from his doctors apron and threw it directly at the light in the ceiling. The entire room went pitch black. He grabbed her limp body and with his back to the window flung himself and the Princess out of it, making sure to protect her from the shards of glass.
As they fell midair he yelled the words, "Draconum, per ardua ad alta!"
A fierce, black dragon appeared from out of nowhere, catching them just twenty feet before they were to hit the ground, and they were off to safety.
***
Now he stood here, in his private chambers, at dusk with the red and orange ombre sky as a backdrop, looking at her, after just delivering the horrible news of her mother’s death. He could see she was about to fall apart. He saw the unshed tears of sadness welling up in her big gray eyes. A telling trait of her innocence. No one could act this good, he thought. She looked so lost and confused to him. Her voice was quiet but regal. He wondered if she even noticed it. He felt like an ass.
"My mother is dead? And I..." She couldn't say the words.
"Committed the crime." He finished for her. She looked at him doe-eyed, but he still needed to ask her the question for his own piece of mind. "Did you do it?"
"How dare you! I loved my mother. She was all I had in this world. Why would I kill her?"
He wanted to believe her. All his senses were telling him to believe her. He wanted her safe, more than he cared to admit.
"I think your father-"
"Stepfather," she snapped. "My real father died in the great war. It doesn't make sense. My stepfather is already King. He controls the largest and strongest army in all the Kingdoms..."
Her head began to throb and she stopped speaking. She winced and cried out from the pain. 
He quickly sat down beside her. 
She backed away.
"You're safe." He said  in a calm tone. His eyes looked into her own, and he felt himself falling into their depths.
She closed her eyes once more trying to shut out the overwhelming pain. She felt it wash over her and knew she couldn’t hold on. She fell back.Marlon caught her limp body before it reached the mattress.
He shook her shoulders. "Princess? Princess! "
 He touched her forehead with the back of his hand. She was burning up with fever. He couldn't give her anymore healing potion, not until the one he had given her earlier had run its course, and that was a few hours more. He picked her up then, as if she weighed nothing and carried her into the bathroom. He had to get her fever under control or she would die.  He sat her inside the empty copper bathing tub while turning the knob on the right. Cool water poured out. He stopped the water when he had filled the tub halfway. Her skin had turned from gray to caramel when she had awakened, now it held a blue tinge to it. She wasn't responsive to the water or his swift pats on her cheek. Her swollen face looked unnaturally peaceful. He touched her forehead she was still hot. It wasn’t subsiding. He submerged them both inside of the tub, fully clothed, holding her in his arms as her limp body rested on his muscular chest. He was baffled at what was going on, as well as angry. How much damage had the King and his men done to her? How could a “good” and “kind” nobleman do this to her or any other female? He felt a surge of over protectiveness wash over him when he thought of their cruelty to her. No one would touch her like that again. He would rip their limbs off if they tried. Those royal guards that had located her in his place of business shocked him with their quick hunting skills. He needed to find the real reason they were trying to kill her. He had summoned a meeting with hiS friend and confidant, Deleav, to inform him of their good fortune, but he wondered how could he leave her like this? She needed him. He looked down at her in the water. Her  hair wet. He gently touched her forehead. Her fever had gone down. He got them both out of the tub and placed her inside a large thick towel. He carried her back to the bed, gently dried her off, and tucked her back into the covers. He sat back down in the chair beside the bed looking at his patient and ignoring the fact he needed to get out of his own wet clothes. 
Only time would tell if she would wake up, and when she did he would be there for her...


3-Life After Life
Flossina jumped up quickly when she heard the random, loud, crack and rumble of the thunder she heard overhead. The loud sound seemed to vibrate through her body. She felt a gentle swaying motion underneath her. She quickly stood up and realized she was no longer in the bed at the handsome strangers castle, but on a large, golden papyriform boat. It Felt light, yet solid underneath her now sandaled feet. She looked over the side of the boat and noticed that the water was pure black. She then looked heavenward and saw there was no sky, just a black void with flashes of white lightning, rumbling and groans of thunder. She looked down once more to notice she was wearing a sheer, white, linen maxi dress. Her Royal birthmark was no longer on the inside of her left wrist, as it had been since she was a baby. In its place was a golden bracelet. She moved her wrist and the candlelight from the golden oil lamps that illuminated the ship made it sparkle. She saw her name inlaid into the beautiful piece of jewelry. She marveled at it's simple, yet intricate design.
What was going on? Once again she was in an unfamiliar place feeling completely out of sorts. Though she had to admit her head felt much better. 
The last thing she could  recall was being in a bed, speaking with that handsome, surly stranger, whose arms she kept ending up in. They were speaking of the accusations made against her for something she would have never done. The murder of her mother. Her heart broke all over again at the thought. She wiped a fresh tear from her eye and was surprised to notice that there were two more people on the ship with her. One was a striKingly beautiful bald woman of Egyptian lineage. A pure gold scarab amulet adorned her neck while a thin gold scarab crown sat atop her smooth head. Her lack of hair only accentuated her womanly facial features. Giving her an even more regal appeal,and enhancing her natural beauty. She wore a sheer linen maxi dress similar to the one Flossina adorned, except hers shimmered gold when she approached. Flossina noticed in the woman’s hands she held a papyrus scroll.
The woman smiled at her and the thunder ceased. She noticed the second person was a handsome Egyptian man. Standing behind the woman. He was just as beautiful, Flossina thought. His head was not shaved. He had long,thick,lustrous black hair that hung past his waist. She marveled at its beauty. A baby baboon sat perched on his left shoulder quietly eating a small piece of fruit. The man’s wrists were adorned with gold cuffs and he only wore a thick white linen ankle length skirt with a gold belt. She knew they weren't like her. They weren't like any of her kind or any kind she had come across. They were something else. 
"Welcome, Flossina your journey begins." The woman said smiling at her.
Flossina felt her worry and fear melt away at the sound of the woman’s voice. It resonated within her.
"What journey? Where am I going?" She didn't like not being in control of her destiny. "Where am I?"
"You are in Amduat. I am Khepri. This is my brother Thoth. We are your companions for the journey." She explained.
Those names sounded familiar to Flossina. Why? Then it came to her. These were the demigods. Gods her mother had told her stories about when she was a child. She never thought this land existed. It made her love and adoration for her mother heighten, because she had been teaching her even in the childhood stories about her faith. Now she stood on a boat with Khepri deity, goddess of rebirth and the sun's journey, and Thoth, maintainer of the universe, and judge of the dead. Her mother had told her about the land of the dead and stories of these two and the many,many souls they had led to their final descent or ascent. She felt overwhelmed.
Khepri spoke again, "You need our help. The journey home is usually arduous when a person leaves and comes to the afterlife. They have ridden on the suns in a chariot, and when they set they are brought here. They must walk the desert of truth and loneliness and once they reach the mirage of the Nile, we appear. You, however, did not do that. You projected out of your body and located us. Princess, you are special."
"Are you taKing me to-"
"Osiris?" Thoth furnished for her.
His eyes were like looking into the sun. They were clear, bright, and infinite. She smiled slightly and nodded her head 'yes.'
"Yes, we are. He will be able to help you."
If her mother's stories were as accurate about Osiris as they were about Khepri and Thoth she would get answers. He was the King of the dead. He would have answers that no one else would. Khepri held her hand and walked with her until they both looked out at the fathomless darkness they were sailing upon. She was always led to believe Khepri was a man, but looking at the beautiful, bald demi-god. She could not deny she was in female form in every sense of the word. She felt worried. Why would she project out of her body? She didn't know if she could do it again, and she began to worry even more about how she would get back to her body.
"Don't worry everything will be fine," Khepri said.
"I feel like I'm dreaming."
"What is a dream if anything but your soul going somewhere else. You have mastered this.”  Thoth was smiling as Khepri said the words so definitely.
"That's just it. I haven't mastered it." Flossina countered back. Confused as to what she had supposedly “mastered”.
"Then how did you come to be here?" She asked.
"I thought you would know that." She sighed.
"It is not my job to know why. It is my job to get you there.What is the last thing you remember?"
"I was speaking with a...healer."
"A man."
"Yes."
"About?"
"About how I came to be in his care. All he could tell me was that I was accused of ..." Her breath caught in her throat. "A horrible crime. My head began to feel like it was about to explode. I passed out again and then I was laying here when I woke up."
"Someone summoned you here." Khepri offered.
"Why?"
"You will soon find out. Take comfort in knowing that."
Flossina heard the somber words of the demigod and it only made it harder for her to comprehend how she had ended up in the underworld. She wished then she could see her mother.
"May I retire?”She asked.
Khepri led her to the chamber inside the boat. It was beautiful, with bowls of fruit and different jugs of wines strewn all around the room on tables. She smiled. She wished she could enjoy this, but the occasion didn't seem befitting. She wasn't sleepy and she suspected they knew that. She was sad. Sad for the loss of everything she held dear. It had happened all so soon, and nothing like she had thought. Her mother and her Kingdom were taken from her. She felt like an absolute failure. She sat down on the bed of large pillows and silk cushions. Her tears streaming down her face. She loved her mother and she loved her Kingdom. She felt as if she couldn’t have one without the other and now she had neither one. She felt hopeless.
"Why are you talKing to her? Brother said no talKing to the passengers unless absolutely necessary. You know the rule Khepri."
She rolled her eyes at her brother. He always took their brother's side.
"I had to talk with her. Did you not see her? One more moment and she would have jumped off the boat, or, at least, tried to. I did nothing wrong. She has no idea why she is here. Why did brother send for her?" The lightning flashed. Signifying her irritation.
"Someone sounds jealous." He chided.
"Not jealous little brother, concerned." She said as she walked past him.
"Keep your concern to yourself. This one is special." He called after her.
"I know, brother. That's what I'm concerned about..." 


4-The Here & Now
Delaev watched his longtime friend and leader of the Collective, Marlon, stand over the unconscious young lady sleeping in his bed. Even in her unconscious state he could tell she was a uncommonly beautiful girl. He had come back to the castle to inform Marlon of the King's plans of venturing outside of the Kingdom with only his Valet and they needed to strike fast if they were to make their plan work, but was quickly roped into assisting him in finding a cure for this sleeping beauty. They had researched every book Marlon had on medicinal potions, spells with healing powers, and crux's, but none seemed to have the answer. They were at an impasse.
They  had fought beside one another too many times to count, and even in the face of danger never had he seen his friend so distraught. They had been Assassins for a Royal secret order called The Collective that had been formally dissolved twenty years ago. They had both only been young boys learning the dark art of killing discriminately and protecting the Crown of Zuff. Back then Marlon’s father had been the leader. There were only a few hundred of them left now. Each one still loyal to the task of protecting the crown even though their families had been stripped of their names and titles. They all hid in plain sight within the Kingdom, taKing on a mundane occupation to survive and stay close to the castle. 
Marlon had been taught the art of healing by his grandmother when he was a small child and somehow he never forgot. As an assassin, he had learned to care for and heal his own wounds, which only added more to his healing experience when the time came for his disguise. He had taught Delaev a thing or two about the proper way to stitch a wound and what plants would make a paste that could heal a man quickly. It was no surprise to him that Marlon had chosen to be a physician and was doing an excellent job of blending in.
 Delaev was a Royal historian now, and knew the history as well as the mapping of the Kingdom. He prided himself on having a photographic memory. Whatever information he read he recounted back word for word, even if someone inquired about it weeks later. It was truly a gift, and one that came in handy in their line of work, especially now in their efforts to take down King Fvendal. They would finally have their revenge.They were so close.
"She doesn't look good," he said, looking grim, standing over her.
 She looked dead to him.
"I know. Help me heal her," Marlon barked.
He noticed the dark half moons under his friend's eyes, letting him know his friend wasn't taKing proper care of himself and resting. Who knew how long it had been since he had actually slept.
"What have you tried already?" He asked.
"I gave her an aloe kigelia potion earlier. It seemed to heal about seventy percent of her body. She seemed fine, a little distraught, but fine. She was speaking with me and then she passed out again. I can't wake her. Her heartbeat is faint. It's as if she has slipped into a coma. I have to bring her back."
Delaev saw the strain and concern on his friends face. His friend had always taken his job seriously and he knew he was a great healer, but the way he spoke about her and the way he insisted he had to heal her, he knew his friend was in the buddings of  love. He just wondered if his friend knew who she was. He noticed a red ribbon tied securely around her wrist. It all made sense then.
"How long ago?"
"A day and a half," he said and raked his hair through his shoulder length tresses. He looked almost on the brink of mania.
That was a sufficient amount of time for the potion he had given the girl to work. Maybe she needed more time. Potions worked differently on different people. She was the missing Princess, Delaev deduced then.There had been talk in the tavern of the guards raping and beating her before she escaped and they ran her down. 
"Come, let's leave her to rest. We can do nothing for her now." He suggested.
"I can't just give up!" He roared.
"You're not! Besides, we have more pressing matters to discuss."
"Such as?" Marlon asked, still not taKing his eyes off of her.
"I have received news that will be beneficial to our cause."
He was speaking of their plan. Marlon had to concentrate on the plan. He knew his friend was right. He had done all he could for her. He looked at her once more. She lay there perfectly still. He needed her to come back to him. He needed answers. He hoped he would see her again.That thought surprised him. Their encounter had been brief, and under uncommon circumstances. He needed her to know she would be safe with him. He would protect her. He just needed her to wake up...



5-In The Presence of Greatness
The dark abyss Flossina was sailing upon was illuminated by a large glowing white Pyramid set in the middle of the horizon. It was more than fifty feet away, and yet she could see it so clearly. It was like a cosmic mirage. She had decided to watch the rest of the journey from the window inside of her chamber, but was so enamored by the bright glowing object, she found herself unconsciously walKing out onto the deck until she stood beside Khepri to marvel at it.
"Is it not beautiful?" Khepri asked, turning her face to look at Flossina as she smiled her illustrious smile.
 Flossina felt like it lit up the entire ship. 
"Yes, it's so much more than that. It feels like home." She heard herself acknowledge.
That thought resounded with Flossina, and she had to admit to herself that she missed the feeling of home.
"We will be there shortly. I will no longer be your guide for the rest of the journey. My brother Thoth will. I only ask that when you meet my brother Osiris please do not speak of us speaking. It is against the rules. I only wanted to make you comfortable for the journey."
"I understand."
Khepri took her hand in hers, brought it to her lips and kissed it. "For your kindness."
She gently removed her hand and when she looked out onto the black sea she was surprised to find they were already at their destination. The light the pyramid gave seemed to be bright, but it was not blinding. She looked down and saw that her breasts and the v shape in the juncture of her thighs were visible now that the light shone so brightly on her. She felt naked. She saw Thoth awaited her and gently clasped her hips and swung her off the boat and carried her until they ached the shore, which was only a few feet. It was all so strange to her. She walked and her feet didn't feel the white, sparkling sand underneath them. Khepri followed suit behind them, and they walked in reverent silence into the pyramid. Above it, there was an inscription that read: ' Know yourself... and you shalt know the gods.' The narrow entrance gave way and they stepped out into what appeared to be a lush Egyptian flower garden.She saw beautifully painted water fountains with, Lotus, Papyrus, and water lilies floating inside of them. It was breathtaKingly beautiful and the aroma it gave off smelled so sweet.
"Flossina welcome." An adolescent boy greeted her.
It was also odd to her to see such a beautiful young man alone in such a beautiful flower garden. The sun seemed to shine inside the walls of the pyramid, but looking at him now she thought he seemed to radiate an outer light from within. She was not afraid because something within her recognized it was this young man that was the light. Thoth stood close beside her, showing no outward emotion. He seemed indifferent to her whirlwind of emotions. She watched as he quickly knelt in the boy's presence.
"My brother, rise." The boy commanded.
Flossina's mouth dropped open. This was Osiris King of the dead. Once that realization hit her she began to kneel only to be stopped by him lightly touching her on her shoulder.
"Please, child, we haven't the time." He nodded to Thoth, who began leading the way through the strange, but lovely pyramid. "Your mother has sent for you. We must hurry."
Flossina stopped mid-stride.
"My mother? She is here?"
He nodded.
She smiled for the first time since the stranger, Marlon, had found her.
"She passed the final test of judgement," his tone joyful as he explained. "I knew she would. Your mother is special, just like you."
"What test did she pass, Your Majesty?"
He stopped by an open door and motioned for Flossina to look. She stood in the entryway with Thoth on her right and King Osiris standing behind her. Waves of power seemed to vibrate off of him. She could feel it radiating into her at his close proximity.
 In the center of the room stood a gold-laden scale. The hieroglyphs read "Scales of Justice". A man wearing a black Egyptian canid mask and a gold loincloth, was adjusting the scale. On the opposite side of the scale sat a beast unlike any other Flossina had ever seen. It had a body that was part hippopotamus. Its front upper-half torso was of a lion with a mane on its head. Its face was that of a crocodile. Theylooked on and watched as the beast ate a blackened heart. It was chilling to Flossina. Osiris spoke.
"Anubis and Ammut.” He pointed first to the man then to the beast. “The protector, and the devourer. Many Kings and queens have stepped through these doors. Only a few can say they passed this test. Your mother is one of them, for I could find no fault with her heart. She has paid homage to me her entire reign as Queen, and I offered her sanctuary for eternity in return. Her only request was that she speak to you."
His words kept coming and she knew they were true. Her mother had been right about the afterlife, and she was alive, in her own unique way.
"I am ready. Please, take me to her, Your Majesty." 
 They walked for a few more moments and entered a room. Much like the first one, it was filled with a different variety of flowers. It reminded her of the greenhouse at the palace, and she realized it was an exact replica of  it.
"Your mother has a magic touch with flowers. I made this room especially for her."
Flossina smiled.
"My child."
She heard her mother's voice and immediately fell to the floor sobbing.
She thought she would never hear that voice again. She knew when she left this place it would be a while before she heard it again. She wanted to treasure every intonation. Her world had seemed to unravel at the thought of losing her mother all over again. She cried tears of joy and sadness. She felt those familiar, loving hands of hers envelop her as she sobbed and found herself wrapping her arms around her mother and squeezing tightly. She inhaled her scent. She smelled exactly the same. She sobbed harder.
"It's alright my darling. I'm alright." She stroked her hair, and Flossina continued to breath her scent in. It was her mother. 
"It's really you." She couldn't contain her surprise.
"It's me, darling. It's me. Many humble, gracious thanks to His Majesty, King Osiris. Because of him I was able to bring you here. We don't have too much time."
She noticed the King had vanished along with Thoth. It was just her and her mother now.
"You look so beautiful. Just like your father." Bihadlly's eyes watered.
"Oh, Mother. What happened? Why are you here?"
"You must listen carefully. There isn't much time. We were both drugged at our midday meal. Your stepfather has gone mad. Someone went rummaging through some old parchments and found out about our family's secret. The Jewel of Humanity."
"The jewel of humanity? Mother, I have no idea what you are talKing about. What is that?"
"It's a stone. A very precious stone. Since the beginning of time every royal family is entrusted with a treasure to look after. Our family was entrusted to care for this particular stone. This stone has the power to destroy a Kingdom if used improperly. It must be found and kept safe at all costs by you. He must be stopped."
"Mother, how do I do that? "
"You must kill him."
"No...I can't."
"You can, and you will. It is your duty. I married him to keep the throne safe and I fear ..." She looked away.
"Mother, I wouldn't know how to start."
"Ask that man who saved you. He isn't just a healer, he has a dark past." She looked behind her. Flossina turned and saw Thoth and Osiris had re-appeared. The sadness in her mother's eyes returned and she knew without her mother having to say it that their time was up. She gently touched her cheek, "My girl, I'm so proud of you. You will make a fine Queen. Be strong in these coming days. I love you."
"I love you, mother." She walked over to her two escorts.
"Flossina ? My diary. Don't forget to steal my diary. It will help you." Her mother said.
Flossina nodded. She turned her back to her mother then and walked with the two beings back out of the pyramid and onto the shore. The white, sparkling sand disappeared underneath the black waves.
"Thank you, Your Majesty for allowing me to be with my mother. If only for a short time."
"I am sure we will be seeing you again." He winked at her. She didn’t understand. "Now it's time to go."
 He walked with her onto the boat.
She didn't see Khepri.
"Will we be leaving soon?" She asked as she looked around for any sign of the demi-goddess.
"No, but you will be." Osiris said, and before she could protest Thoth pushed her off of the boat into the icy black water. As soon as she hit the thick feeling liquid it paralyzed her body. She felt like lead and felt herself sinKing into the abyss. She tried to fight it, but it was no use. Her arms and legs would not work. She sank further into the dark abyss...

6- A Message From The Other Side
Flossina awoke with a jolt, coughing and sputtering, still thinKing she was fighting against the cold, thick, black abyss Thoth had thrown her into. She soon realized she was back in the same bed inside of the castle she had awoke in days ago. She sat up and tried to get out bed. That small task seemed just the opposite for her and she instantly felt drained, emotionally and physically. She swung her legs off the bed and pressed her calves against the mattress for support as she stood up and walked over to the window beside the bed. She pulled back the animal skin that covered it. She was immediately greeted by the twinkling of stars in a clear midnight sky. She felt the lukewarm breeze against her clammy skin and she closed her eyes at it’s sweet caress. She used her hand to wipe her brow and felt cold metal brush up against her cheek. She looked and saw it was the same bracelet she had worn on her journey to her mother. She rubbed the inside of her left wrist. Her scar was gone. She covered her mouth with her hand so she wouldn't cry out from the sudden overwhelming feelings of relief and sadness. Her knees almost gave way. It had all been real she thought to herself. She grabbed onto the stone wall to steady herself. She saw the figure sleeping in the large chair beside her bed. It was the stranger. She regained her composure. She didn't need him to think she was weak or mad. 
She turned back around and looked back at the stars. The gods were real. Her mother had moved on in a way she could only dream of, and she wanted revenge. She wanted justice. It seemed so difficult to Flossina. She didn't recall who, or what had happened to her the last few days, so she wouldn’t be able to make out the culprit. Her mother had said they had poisoned their midday meal. She deduced she was speaking about her stepfather and his servants. He had betrayed them all. She had been blamed for his transgressions. He wanted absolute power. Her stomach turned at the thought of him ruling her home, and destroying everything her family had spent protecting. She had to figure out a way to stop him soon.
"Are you alright?"
He had been watching her the entire time. Why he hadn't said anything was beyond him. There was no light inside of the room. Only then, when she had pulled back the fur curtain had the moonlight given him access to her. The glow from it causing her to look ethereal to him. She looked beautiful and sullen. His heart seemed to ache for hers, and the grief she was having to endure. He too, had known the piercing feeling only one had when they lost a parent. He knew she felt lost and alone in the world. He wanted to take her in his arms and kiss away all of her sadness. He felt like an ass now for asKing if she had killed her mother. He knew from the moment he told her the news that she was innocent. She had finally awoke, and from the sweat on her brow he knew her fever had run its course. He no longer wanted to just observe her, so he spoke.
“So glad to see you up and well.”
She jumped at the sound of his voice. She had never noticed how deep it sounded,until now.
"I truly didn't mean to frighten you. I'm Marlon. At your service. Welcome back." He said joKingly, referring to her fever coma.
"I spoke to my mother," she admitted wistfully. 
He heard no sarcasm or humor in her statement. She looked as if she were glowing. A faint smile crossed her face. She was beautiful. 
"What?" He was a little shocked by her bizarre admission. 
" I spoke to her," she repeated. "She says the King, my stepfather,  is mad with power, and I am to stop him. I must leave here and go back I must go-"
He was by her side instantly and he felt her weight shift into his own as he wrapped his arm securely around her waist to support her standing. She was still very weak.
"Please, you are upsetting yourself with this talk. We can discuss this tomorrow. You just need a little more rest." Marlon insisted.
"I don't need rest !" She pushed past him and began pacing in front of the balcony doors, "I need you to help me!"
Marlon thought she sounded as frantic as he had nights ago when he had been fretting over her unconscious body.
"Help you?"
"Yes," she stopped pacing then and looked up into those golden eyes of his. "She told me you had a dark past. Is that true?"
He felt a chill run down his spine. She had barely met him, and yet she knew he had a dark past. He didn't know if she had psychic powers, or if she really had spoken to her mother, either way, he still felt uneasy at her knowing that about him.
"Your mother said all this?"
She nodded her head. She had no reason to lie to him. Maybe that was a side effect to the potion.
"Please, help me." She whispered.
He couldn't help himself. He felt pulled in. He couldn't resist the way her heart shaped lips called to him. He crushed his lips on top of hers and partook in her sweet delectable mouth. Flossina wasn't expecting the kiss. It was her second one in her entire life and she had never been kissed like this. She felt her knees grow weaker by the second and wrapped her arms around his neck for support unconsciously. Her body was on auto-pilot and couldn't resist this stranger's advances. She was thankful when he pulled away. He looked angry, and she knew they could never share another intimate moment. No matter how attracted they seemed to be to one another. She felt tired once more, and as if he could read her mind he picked her up and placed her back in the bed. He handed her a silver goblet.
"What is this?" She looked in the cup, then back up at him.
"It's a sleeping tonic. No bad dreams, and you should wake up as right as rain."
She took a sip. It was a sweet carbonated drink that tasted like peaches and oranges. She drank every ounce of the liquid in the goblet and laid back on the pillow.
"Thank you. You have been most kind to me."
"Rest," he simply said.
Tomorrow they would figure it all out and he would get the truth out of her. The words she had spoken about his past still sent shivers down his spine. Princess Flossina was special, very special indeed... 

7-Gossip
"The King is planning something big."  Delaev said as he assisted Marlon in trimming the aloe vera plants inside the indoor medicinal herb garden he had started in the sun room. He moved on to another plant and spoke once more. "He has hired more swords. They have pledged their allegiance to him in order to gain wealth. He has promised titles and treasure to those who would lend their shield and sword to Zuff. In the streets there is also talk of war. I overheard a soldier telling another that the King  means to lay siege to the neighboring Kingdom since their King has fallen ill and his son is much too young to take on the burden. He plans to mine Zuff and Glass Hollow. He is searching for jewels."
"Jewels? He is a King, surely his treasure chests are brimming with such things." Marlon pointed out, not looking away from the Aloe plant he was doctoring.
"Aye, but he is searching for a very special jewel. An ancient stone said to have started civilization as we know it. The keeper of this stone can build or destroy anything with it."  Delaev spoke quietly.
"Sounds like madness.” He admitted.
"Aye, that is what the talk is around the Kingdom. King Fvendal has gone insane. They say he has captured one of the Queen’s High Chancellor’s, now considered a holiest of holy, since his pilgrimage. They say the King refuses to release him, unless he tells him everything he knows about this stone. Queen Bihadlly must be turning over in her grave. How's the patient?"  Delaev asked grateful to be changing the subject, since Marlon didn’t seem all that interested.
"Much better,” he supplied. “She awoke last night ready to depart." He spoke this as if it was of little consequence to him. In truth it was. Her words had cut through him, and he wondered if she truly did see her mother. 
"So soon?"  Delaev Asked breaKing Marlon’s train of thought.
"She is a stubborn one. I told her to stay and rest, but she refused."
"One can't tell Royalty what they can and can not do, my friend."
"What did you say?" His voice went cold. 
He stopped his work stood to his full height of six foot six and looked his longtime companion square in the eye. How did he know who she was? He had been so careful. Ah, but it was his closest friend and second in command. He knew Marlon well. Marlon, however, couldn’t risk her identity being revealed to anyone.
"Friend, Marlon, come now, I knew who she was the moment I laid eyes on her. Your secret is safe. I am your brother in arms. " 
He hoped his words reassured his friend. They were true.
There was silence. 
Delaev spoke again. "Did she do it?"
There was a short pause before Marlon answered. "I'm not one-hundred percent certain. I don't think she did, but she doesn't remember much, which means someone could have drugged her and poisoned the Queen, or it was such a traumatic event she completely forgot."
He left out the part about her waKing up in hysterics, talKing about visiting of her mother, the Queen, and what she had told Flossina about his own self. He worked with healing potions and tonics. He didn't believe in the type of supernatural magic she had been speaking of last night. His friend wouldn't either.
"I don't believe one bit of what those castle vultures have been saying about her."Deleav furnished after a long silence.
"The people think she is guilty of this crime?" Marlon asked, as he walked over to a wooden table filled with plants. He had a small green bowl with a mixture inside of it and set to the task of mixing a skin rash potion. 
"The people believe what the King tells them to. His Royal Advisors are telling all who will listen that the rightful heir to the throne of Zuff is a traitor. Others believe she and the King were secret lovers, plotting behind Queen Bihadlly's back. They say he was overcome with guilt about their torrid affair and betrayal, so he turned mad in the end. He is a sick one, he is. You get to see his handy work up close when you try to heal those mutilated Palace courtesans- "
Both men stopped their chatter when they heard the loud thud from the empty trencher that hit the black stone floor. Princess Flossina was standing in the entryway with a look of mortification on her face. She was at a complete loss for words. She hadn't meant to eavesdrop, she was merely looking for the kitchen and happened to overhear male voices talKing. The closer she got to the voices the better she could understand what they were saying. She had heard every vile, treacherous word.
She watched as the older man with kind eyes, and a scar below his left eye smiled and then bowed to her. His physical appearance didn't match his wardrobe. To Flossina, he looked like a mercenary wearing Royal Historian clothing. She felt as if he was mocKing her. The gesture was made to show respect to her position, but it just made her feel uncomfortable. This man probably believed the rumors and merely wanted to save face with his friend.
"Please, don't." She she said as she knelt down and began retrieving the empty trenchers from the floor. "It isn’t proper, and I'm no longer a Princess."
"Your Highness, please forgive my impudence. You cannot change who you are."  Delaev said, as he took the dish from her hands. Flossina smiled at his kind gesture.
His eyes were kind like her mother's. His words made her think of her out-of-body experience and the words her mother had spoken to her when she had visited with her. She felt like a fool. A helpless fool. She felt the anger bubbling up inside of her. Her stepfather had been more than clever with his plans. He had framed her and turned the entire Kingdom against her, or so she thought. She would be all alone on this quest for revenge. 'Ask the man who rescued you...' Her 'rescuer'. She had entered this strange room in the castle, and couldn't bare to look at him, until now, when her mother's word sang softly in her mind. He looked as he had last night. Tall, serious and ruggedly handsome. His white tunic shirt was neatly tucked into his brown leather pants, which were held up by a matching brown belt with a dagger. He seemed to fill the room. His yellow eyes searching her. He never said a word, just listened to the exchange between her and this older man. She thought about the way he had kissed her unexpectedly last night. Her cheeks began to turn pink. He hadn't frightened her like she thought she would be if a stranger ever kissed her, but instead she felt a different emotion. She felt safe with him. There was something about him that frightened her.
 As if Deleav could sense the awkward silence between them he cleared his throat and spoke."I will take this to the kitchen and tend to the dragon's. Your Highness." He bowed once more to her and left the room.
It was just them now.
"Your...friend?" She asked shyly.
"Aye." He nodded and walked over to where she stood. He stood only a few feet in front of her.
"Everyone believes me to be some mad murderess, don't they?"  She asked, already knowing the answer.
He could hear the defeat in her voice.
"No." He said simply.
"Yes, they do. Your friend just-"
"You can't listen to that. It's townsfolk gossip."
"Can't I?"
"No. It's counter-productive."
"Last night, I was out of sorts. I apologize."
"It's o.k., the potion I gave you has side effects. It is known to cause a nightmare or two."
"Marlon, it wasn't a dream. It was real."
She walked past him towards the open windows and watched as the man she spoke with earlier lead three fat goats to a wooden stake.
"It wasn't?" He asked, hoping she would elaborate. 
"No. My mother sent for me... and now...I must ask for your help." 
He noticed she spoke the last words as if it hurt her to admit she needed his assistance. He also watched her as she watched what was going on below them in the courtyard. Flossina had never seen a dragon up close before, and now looking out at it she marveled at the sheer size and magnificence of the mystical creature. Large, bright green, glowing eyes and thick black scales seemed to take up the majority of the courtyard. She watched in awe as the black beast inhaled quickly only to exhale a large blue flame that engulfed the livestock that was tied to the wooden stake. She saw them disintegrate into ash. She jumped when the dragon let out a cry of triumph and began eating the ashes of the goats. Flossina wondered how ashes could sustain such a large beast. 
He stood beside her now.
"I told you last night, Princess, I cannot help you."  He looked down at her.
"But, my mother sai-” She began to plead.
"Flossina, your mother is dead!"He cut her off abruptly. 
Her emotions got the best of her then, and before she could stop herself the palm of her left hand landed hard across his chiseled right cheek. He showed no outward sign of pain. She wanted to slap him again and realized it would be futile, so she pushed past him and ran back up the stairs to his chambers instead. She wanted to cry, but she screamed out of utter frustration instead. She would find a way to avenge her mother with or without Marlon, the one with the dark past...

8-A little Help
After speaking with Marlon Flossina’s spirits felt deflated. She had been completely honest with him and he had shut her down immediately. He didn’t care to open his mind and hear what she was saying. She was beginning to wonder if her mother had been right. She felt helpless. To her it felt like the more she tried to find out what happened to her the more resistance she seemed to feel. He wanted her to heal and rest, but she had no time for that. She had to find out who did this to her family and why. She had to leave this place. She surveyed the room for anything she could wear over the outfit she wore. A long wooden trunk sat at the foot of the large bed. She opened it and located a cloak and boots. She needed to leave, but knew she couldn't do it on foot. Where would she get a horse? She couldn't very well steal his dragon and ride away on it. She didn't know how to even coax a dragon to ride it, so that idea was out of the question. She had found the room Marlon and his friend had been in by chance. She didn't have this particular  castle’s terrain mapped out having to tread lightly was an understatement. She walked over to the window, yanKing the fur cover, this time, off the open window. She looked out marveling at the dessert's rare beauty and the total isolation. It was a vast difference from the lush green and brown mountains she was accustomed to seeing as her home’s backdrop ever since she could remember. She still didn't know how she would leave there. She thought the sand reminded her of melted gold. She extended her body a little further outside of the window to assess the distance, indulging in her curiosity. She inhaled the warm air into her lung and felt the wind against her face. She wished she were a bird and could fly away. Fly away from all this pain. She smiled at the thought of seeing her mother. She was so thankful to Osiris that she got to see her. She leaned her upper half back into the castle and let out a startled cry. Khepri was standing beside her watching her every movement in amusement and bewilderment. She was even more beautiful in the daylight than Flossina remembered. 
This time, she had long raven black hair adorned with a gold beaded headdress in the shape of a scarab. She wore a gold strip horizontal over her breasts and a long red, flowy skirt with a gold belt that held a jewel encrusted scarab buckle. She smiled that beautiful smile that always made Flossina feel like everything would be ok.
"Am I dreaming?" She asked as she touched the left side of her head.
She was awake and her head wasn't hurting. She wasn't hallucinating this. This was real.
"Of course not Princess."
"Has my mother called for me once more?"
She had a sliver of hope the Khepri would say 'yes', but watched as she shook her head 'no'.
"Then why?"
"I heard you. I am here to help you."
"But mother said the man who rescued me would help."
"And has he?" She asked, already knowing the answer.
"No, I mean, yes. He has helped restore my health but he refuses to listen to me or help me."
"Then let us help him, help you." Her smile held mischief.
"How? What are you talKing about?" Flossina was confused by Khepri’s words.
Khepri seemed all too willing to help, and Flossina wondered if she should accept her aide. She watched as a Khepri held out her hand. A golden seal materialized inside of it. She broke the golden seal and a flash of blue light was unleashed and engulfed the entire chamber. As the light dimmed the room melted away and Flossina realized she was back inside of her Royal chambers at castle Meadowbrooke, in Zuff. She was back home. Khepri had helped her and her plan was set in motion.
Her room looked the exact same, with the exception of the black pieces of linen draped over all the furniture inside of her bedchamber signifying her death. Her royal portrait hung above the large fireplace inside of her room and was covered with a black silk cloth. She quickly removed her cloak and removed the black sheer material from her portait to see they had painted a red gilded mask over her portrait's face to signify her betrayal. She wanted to scream at the atrocity. 
She took a deep breath and heard her mother's voice, "Find my diary."
She quickly searched all of her contents in her chamber making sure her mother hadn't hid it in here before they had been poisoned. It was to no avail. She looked out of the large window  and assessed dusk was upon her. She had to get inside of her mother's chambers unnoticed. She looked down at her attire. She was dressed the part, and knew as a palace courtesan she was to wear a sheer mask to conceal the lower half of her face. She took her hunting knife from her dresser drawer and made quick work of cutting the black sheer material that once covered her portrait to make the accessory. It was an ingenious disguise. She hoped it worked. She opened the large doors of her chambers and was greeted by a man who looked like a mercenary in head to toe Royal garb. He was handsome,but a stark contrast to the man who had saved her.  He had sandy blonde hair and cold gray eyes. He had stubble on his chin and wore the Royal Crest of Meadowbrooke on the chest plate of his armor. He looked familiar to her. She noticed him openly appraising her body and the thin strips of material that showed off her body. She hadn't minded wearing the outfit. She had thought it was a great disguise, until now. She felt his eyes roaming all over her body, and it made her skin crawl.
"Are you lost?" He barked.
She had to answer him, but she didn't know what to say. She hadn't expected to be here so suddenly, and the shock of that was starting to set in. She decided she would go along with his assumption.
 She spoke with an accent as she smiled, nodded her head, and spoke."Aye. I was sent to the King's chambers. I think I took a wrong turn."
 She hoped the lie sufficed him.
"That you did," he said and roughly pushed her up against her closed bedchamber door. The gold armor he wore was cold against her skin. She was frightened. No man had dared to invade her personal space like this man was doing now.It felt completely different than the kiss she had shared. This felt more possessive.
"Don't forget it." He spoke the words in her ear. His breath smelled like sour wine. She tried not to gag under the black sheer mask she wore. He continued. His right arm obstructing her and his left hand rubbing her shoulder intimately. "Because if you do, I will personally see to it that you never make it to the King's chambers. You will become my plaything." He saw the fire in her eyes, and before she could protest he kept speaking. "Since the death of Queen Bihadlly, he has had a different whore in his bed every night. He will never even miss you."
She wanted to spit in his face for the candid words he spoke, but she wanted to kill her stepfather even more for allowing it. She resisted the urge. She endured his rough, calloused hands on her petal-soft skin, and prayed he would leave her alone, but it was not answered at that moment. He grabbed her upper arm and pulled her with him as they walked down the large hallway. He was much taller than she and his stride surpassed her own, making it difficult for her to keep up with him. She was half walKing, half running. He looked forward as he walked her to her stepfather's private quarters. She was terrified. All she had on her to defend herself with was her small hunting knife, and she had yet to retrieve her mother's diary. Her plan had been put into motion prematurely it seemed. She tried to make sure her face mask of silk was secure, so no one would see her true identity.
"He won't care how you look." The man said watching her every move.
The two guards beside the two large doors opened them upon his nod.
The doors were made of mahogany and leafed in gold.  Carved into each door was Flossina's Royal family tree. This was the King's most inner chambers. She recalled playing in here when she was a child. She was snapped back to reality when the man gruffly pushed her inside and she stumbled on her skirt. She was starting to dislike this man very much.
"Enough !" She heard her stepfather's voice boom through the room. "Treat our guest with some kindness."
"Forgive me Your Highness, but I have no kindness for whores."
He chuckled at the man's acrid words.
"If that will be all."
"Yes, you may retire."
The man nodded and slowly backed out of the room. The large doors closed shut behind him and Flossina felt like her fate was sealed. She would finally have her revenge and oh, how sweet it would be...   



 9 -Revenge Interrupted
Flossina made sure to look down while in the presence of her stepfather. She hoped it made her seem submissive and not like she was concealing her identity, which was exactly what she was doing.
"My dear, you may look upon me."He said.
Her plan was worKing. He thought she was intrigued by him. She thought she would be frightened looking at the man who had murdered her mother, but she wasn't. She looked up and saw a thin fractured reflection of what her stepfather use to be. The few days that had passed since she’d been home hadn’t been very kind to him. His skin was gray from excessive drinKing she supposed. His eyes were glassy from some drug he was on. This wasn't the man who had picked her up when she had twisted her ankle and fallen from her horse when she was a little girl. This was a madman.
She kept her gaze squinted as she looked upon him.
"You are a shy beauty aren't you? My wife was shy when we first met, and I won her heart. I bet I will be able to do the same with you." He chuckled and her skin crawled.
The thought of him comparing any common woman to the wonderful ray of light that was her mother,the Queen of Zuff, let alone a lady of leisure, made her heart break.
Her stepfather was wearing a long, gold silk robe. As he walked towards her she could see he wore nothing underneath. He was utterly defenseless in this room. The guards stood watch outside of his chamber and she knew in order to kill him she would have to do it while he was close to her. It shouldn't be a problem she thought as she watched him circling her with a look of appraisal on his face. The closer he circled her the more things she noticed about Fvendal. He looked as if he aged to her, and somehow was no longer the strong man she had grown to love. He looked old and his gray stubble was a telling sign of his downward spiral.
He placed his right hand on the small of her back and that slight touch made her want to recoil, but she didn't. Instead, she let him guide her over to the Regency settee surrounded by furs, silks, and a variety of pillows.
"Please, sit down." He offered.
She did as he had instructed. She smelled the lavender and frankincense burning. It reminded her of her mother. She saw the tiny gold table sitting beside the settee and noticed a small yellow leather bound book with her family's crest imprinted into the leather. She knew without a doubt it was her mother's journal. She wanted to grab it and leave, but knew she would have to wait. She looked back at him. He was staring at her curiously as he watched her stare at the journal.
"Can you read?" He asked her as he picked up a gold goblet and drank a liberal amount of wine from it.
She feigned ignorance and shook her head 'no'.
He leaned forward and retrieved the journal from the table. She couldn't help but to watch him put it down on theenormus bed. She tried to make sure he didn't notice the way her eyes were watching his every movement. She was so anxious and ready to end it all. She wanted revenge for her mother and herself. She watched as he sauntered back in her direction with what she assumed was a seductive look. It disgusted her. Her stepfather had no respect for her mother, and it made her even more angry and prepared to kill him. She just had to wait for the right moment. He sat down on the small settee with her. She didn't dare move away, to do so would make him suspicious. He placed his hand on her knee and she wanted to slap it away. He began rubbing it and she became nervous. She felt her palms sweating. Her knife was in its place. All she had to do was pick the most opportune time. He took another liberal sip of the wine, then shoved it in her direction. She shook her head ‘no’ and pretended to be shy. How much longer could she play this game? How would she escape once the deed was done? She recalled the secret passageway beside the enormous bed. She had spent her childhood playing hide and seek inside of this castle and recalled this room being one of her favorites to play in. It had been over a decade since she had even thought about that secret passageway, but if she needed to utilize it, she would. She surveyed the room to see what other items may come in handy for incapacitating her stepfather. She saw the two gold candlesticks and the blade that hung over the mantle. She needed to get her hands on her mother's journal. She was desperate. She was lost in thought and with one quick motion, her stepfather yanked off the flimsy silk material that had covered the lower half of her face. He had done it in a playful manner and was now white as a ghost. He quickly stood up as if someone had burned him with scalding hot water and stumbled.
"You...you're alive!"
She stood up quickly. She didn't know if he was going to call for the guards. She had to do something.
"Yes! I am alive! My mother is not. What did you do to her?To us?"
"I did nothing! Nothing ! It was you! You killed her and then tried to kill yourself."
"No! Stop lying! Stop saying that!" She screamed, and reached for her knife. It wasn't there. She saw the gold hilt of the blade gleam in the candlelight as her stepfather held the weapon up in front of her.
"looking for this? You plan to kill me? The King? Your father? Flossina, I love you."
"You are not my father!"
She grabbed her mother's journal off of the bed where he had placed it before. She was cornered now. He held her knife in his hands. His eyes looked lifeless.
"You will wish you stayed dead Princess. Now I'm going to make sure you don’t escape. You will be tortured slowly for what you did." He smirked at her.
"I didn't do anything!"
"That's not what the Kingdom thinks. Guards!"
She refused to show any outward emotion, but she was screaming on the inside. The Royal Guards burst into the chambers. He grabbed her by her left arm and roughly shoved her in their direction and they both grabbed her by her upper arms restraining her. She looked up to see she was back in the clutches of the man who had harassed her previously.
"Take Princess Flossina to the East tower." Her stepfather commanded.
"Aye, Sir." The man nodded as he put the gold shackles on her neck and wrists.
She noticed he was enjoying clasping the gold manacles around her tender flesh.
"Tomorrow you get the royal treatment Princess." He laughed at his horrid joke while yanKing the journal roughly out of her hands, and crushing her spirit all at once....



10-One Without The Other
Deleav had had an exceptional day at the palace. After his usual day of rewriting historical scribes and drawing maps, which also served as his cover, he had found the parchment containing the information about the true leader of the Collective, Marlon's father. He had spent years searching for this document in disguise as a palace historian. He was on his way out when he noticed the Mercenary turned General of the Zuff army, Torunn. His cronies were with him along with yet another courtesan. He usually didn't let it bother him. It seemed to be more the norm now that the Queen was gone. He caught himself exchanging a glance at the courtesan who they had placed in gold neck and wrist shackles. Her face mask was removed and her slender frame seemed poised even in the face of defeat.She didn’t have the demeanor of a Courtesan. He looked at her face and realized it was the Princess. She looked steely, and a storm seemed to brew underneath her wall of emotions. Her gray eyes seemed fixed on nothing. She still looked regal in her thin black strips of material.
"What are you gawKing at?" said one of the guards to Deleav.
Although Deleav was well versed in the art of being a shadow warrior his sole purpose here was to obtain the information that would assist them to further their cause and today he had succeeded at that. He still, however, couldn't blow his cover. He wondered where Marlon was and deduced that his friend had no idea she was even missing. He wanted to punch out both the guards and Torunn. He was a known brute to the ladies in waiting as well as the scullery maids. They all spoke of how he forced his advances on women.He couldn't stand a man like that.
"He's a historian. This is probably the first piece of flesh he's seen in years,” joked the other one and they both laughed.
He noticed the Princess never looked at him. She just stared straight ahead. He was proud of her. He didn't think she would be this strong. She stood there like a statue.
"Enough, get the girl to the tower! " Torunn ordered.
Torunn didn't acknowledge him either. They walked past him. He wanted to run out of the castle, summon his dragon and go straight to Moerian.


****
Deleav arrived at Moeina by way of his blue dragon, Max. He jumped off before the dragon's feet floated to the ground of the courtyard, inside the onyx castle. He ran inside the keep, found his friend and Commander on the first floor in his work chamber rummaging through his shelf of vast potions. He had never seen his friend and brother in arms so frantic. His suspicions had proven to be correct. Marlon had no idea about the Princess.
"I saw her," was all he said.
Marlon instantly knew who he was talKing about.Princess Flossina. She had told him she wanted to leave. He didn’t think she would-or could. Moeina wasn't an easy place to escape from.
"Where?" Marlon asked. Not taKing his eyes off his task. 
"The palace,” he supplied. “She was being sent to the tower when I saw her."
"The tower?" Marlon was intrigued now. He thought the King to be a weak Patriarch, but his actions of late were proving him wrong. The man was obviously greedy with power and killed his wife, Queen Bihadly, and was now trying to do the same to his stepdaughter, the Princess. 
"Yes.”Deleav went on. “A place where the King places places certain ones for his displeasure." 
"We have to save her." He said with no hesitation, finally putting a halt to what he was doing only to look at his friend so he knew how serious he was.
"We?" Deleav asked, hoping Marlon would elaborate. He had also been hoping he would have absolutely nothing to do with his friend and Commander’s new plan. They already one. Kill the King and rescue Marlon’s father, 
"Yes, we. She is Royalty." Marlon reminded him.
"She isn't our Princess any longer, and it isn't our duty. We have an assignment, or has she clouded your judgement now?" Deleav quipped. 
Deleav’s comments made him stand up and walk over to him.
"Like hell, it isn't! Ever since she landed on my shop's doorstep that's all I have felt for her. Duty. I need to help  her. I need to know that she will be able to reign without interference. I promised myself I would never let that evil bastard near her again, and now she's being locked away in his tower."
"There is more. Aye. I also found this."
Deleav pulled out the parchment from his breast pocket and handed it to Marlon. He read it and couldn't believe his eyes, or his luck. It was the exact account to the whereabouts of his father. It was confirmation he was still alive.The King had him captured weeks prior to the great war and locked him away in a secret location only the King was to know of. He had carried the torch for his father all these years. A man he had never got to really know and one he had missed and because of his father’s circumstance he had come to get to know his father and in doing so decided to become the Commander to the same secret order his father had been apart of. It felt as if he had been fulfilling a familial prophecy, but it was a lonely life being a Shadow Warrior. He had chosen to be the leader of  an elite gathering of killers sworn to protect a Kingdom that had betrayed their leader, and them. There was no room to become attached to anyone or anything, because he could not promise he wouldn’t have to disappear. His father’s freedom was at the forefront of his mind now. Holding the piece of paper in his hand made it seem even more serious. Flossina was in trouble as well by the same person. He had to do something on both accounts. How had she ended up at Castle MeadowBrooke? No one who wasn’t apart of his small band of people knew about this place, and escaping was impossible. One could only leave by dragon there were no exits that led outside of the castle, and the castle sat at the top of a square shaped boulder that protruded roughly out of the desert sand and climb one hundred feet in the air. It was beautiful to behold. He went to his wardrobe and took out his gear and disguise.
"If I don't come back in time rally the men, and start the plan without me."
"Marlon, you don't have to do this. We have waited twenty years for this! This is your father!" He yelled at him, as he watched Marlon lace up his leather gloves and sheath his swords and knives on his hips and thighs.
"Are you scared I won’t make it back?"
"Of course not."
"Then wish me Godspeed."
He had the craziest look in his eyes like he knew something. He watched as his friend leapt out the window chanting the dragon summon spell and watched as the black dragon swooped up in the air with his friend and leader on it.
"Godspeed," He said as he watched his friend flying off in the horizon... 


11-Facing Fate With Pride
Princess Flossina was defeated. She had somehow seen the altercation between her stepfather and herself going differently in her mind, but he had caught her by surprise. He had informed her she was the culprit behind all this death and madness. She was the one who had killed her mother, and not him. The man she had been dreading to see again halted their steps as they finished climbing the stairs to the highest tower on the east wing. Flossina felt a wave of deja vu wash over her but she kept climbing. The fall looked treacherous the higher they climbed. Finally, they reached a narrow stone hallway with a thick wooden door. She was holding her breath, dreading what they may do to her behind closed doors. She waited like a statue. The leader leaned forward and gently stroked her cheek. She moved her face away, missing his touch.
"Welcome, home Princess." He said and flashed her what was suppose to be a handsome smile.
She turned up her nose.
He slapped her hard then. Instinctively She reached out for him and felt a jerk on her chains from one of the guards, which stopped her motion.
"Oh, you are a feisty, one Princess.” He chuckled. “Welcome to your new lodgings." He turned the key into the lock on the door and opened it. 
Her plan of attack was thwarted and now she would die a murderer's death, she thought. His soldiers took off her shackles and shoved her inside. She stumbled. They laughed outright at her. The slamming of the heavy wooden door sounded so final to her, and she knew she was trapped. 
She leaned back against the wooden door and burst into tears. She felt overwhelmed and doomed. She wanted things back to the way they were before all of this happened. She slid down to the cold marble floor cradling herself.
"Please, Princess. Don't cry."
She immediately stopped and looked up to see who had spoken those kind words to her. The voice didn't sound like any of the demi-gods she had recently encountered, even though she hoped it was Khepri. She was the one who gotten her into this mess afterall. 
Before her stood a small, shriveled looking old man walKing towards her. He wore a black wool robe. She quickly righted herself and wiped her tears away with the back of her hand. The old man stopped when he was standing in front of her and handed her a white cloth. It smelled of orchids. She was instantly reminded of her mother. Sadness washed over her and she felt like she had failed her. She was sure she was on the right path, but right now, standing in this prison. She wasn't so sure. Everything in her life now seemed to be moving so fast and out of her control. She felt like she had no way of stopping it.
"Thank you," She said as she dabbed the corner of her eyes.
"It's quite alright."
He wrapped his frail arm around her shoulder and guided her further into the room. It was dark and musty. The room smelled of dust and dank.
"Inluminatio !" He yelled into the darkness.
The room took on a warm glow as the candelabra lined along the walls came to life with fire. Flossina was able to view her gilded cage thoroughly for the first time. It was a large room with no bed in sight. There was a marble fountain that sat in the center of the room. There was old furniture and pillows and blankets. It seemed like this tower had been used for storage more than for holding people. She looked up to see the high vaulted ceiling and saw the large oblong shaped windows were covered with wooden planks. The air felt stifled and stale to her. How long had this poor man been in here? And how long would they hold her? Her stepfather said 'tomorrow' he had something in store for her. She looked back down in shame for not finishing the task she had set out to do.
"Princess, it's alright,” said the old man, as if he knew what she had been thinKing.
She walked a few feet away from where he. With her back turned towards him. Her question was laced in defiance. "How do you know that?"
"Because I know you, and I knew your mother." 
"What!” She spun around at his words, looking him in his eyes then. She had never met this man before. She looked at his attire and knew he was a priest.In a hushed tone, she continued. "When did you know my mother?"
"I have known your mother since she was your age." She watched as a warm smile crossed the old man's weary, wrinkled face at the memory of her mother, and it warmed her heart. "Your mother was a wise ruler and is a wonderful woman."
“Is?” She pressed, pretending she didn’t know why he was still speaking about her mother as if she hadn’t died.
“Yes, Your Royal Highness. She is still alive out there on the other side.”
His words seemed to stab her like a knife. Hearing another human admit that they believed in what she had seen first hand seemed to overwhelm and emote the grief she had been  feeling because of it. She hoped she hid her shock well. Just then, they heard the heavy door open. It was the man she thought was a brute from earlier, the General. This time, he brought three soldiers with him. One was holding a silver tray with two trenchers of food on it. She wasn't hungry. The man still looked at her the same way, with that look that made her insides crawl. She instinctively took a step back as the soldier sat it down on the only table in the room. Their big sizes seemed to make it feel like they filled up the room.
"Princess, I have brought you supper." He walked towards her with his hands clasped behind his back. He was close to her now. 
She wouldn't dare give him the satisfaction of looking at him.
 He grabbed her chin gruffly.
"You will look at me when I speak to you, Princess! You are my prisoner! Zuff law states that the Royal General can initiate and inflict whatever punishment he deems necessary."
When he saw her big gray eyes fill with fright he let her go.
 She stumbled back.
 He walked away.
"Grab the Holy man !" He commanded.
The guards carried out their order and began walKing toward him.
 The old man began begging.
"Please! General Torunn!  I know nothing! I've done nothing wrong! I've told you everything! Please! Have mercy!" 
The guards were about to grab him. Flossina attempted to intervene. She stood in front of the man, trying to protect him. She was quickly reprimanded with a hard slap across her face from one of the guards. The impact made her fall to the floor. Her mouth felt like it was on fire, and the taste of her own blood was in her mouth. She tried to right herself. She felt like she was spinning. 
The elder spoke again.
"Please, child. Stay down."
The two guards began to shackle him.
She noticed General Torunn was now standing by the door smirKing as he leered at her. She watched as they half walked half dragged the man out of the room.
Torunn waited until the men were gone and said "Soon Princess. Soon..."
12-Unexpected Rescue
With a great creaKing moan the tower door opened once more and the holy man was dragged inside by a lone guard dressed in head to toe armor. She couldn't see his face, and at this point she really didn't care. She was just happy it wasn't General Torunn. She felt like he wouldn't stop until he saw her in a great deal of pain. He seemed to enjoy that. He slammed the door shut behind him. She watched the soldiers every movement as he unlocked the shackles of the holy elder who now lay unconcious. Then he walked in her direction. She felt her heart lurch.
"Please, stop! I command you! Don't come any closer !"
His stride increased in speed and when he was a few feet away from her he grabbed her gently by her arm and removed his helmet. She gasped when she saw it was him. It was Marlon. Without thinKing, she flung herself into his arms. Marlon hadn't been expecting such an exuberant welcome. He accepted it gladly though, and wrapped his muscular arms around her thin waist. She felt good to him. A little voice in the back of his mind reminded him how long he had been without female companionship. 
He shook it off.
 She pulled away to look up at him.
"I'm so sorry for leaving so unexpectedly. I had to at leas-"
He saw the budding of a bruise on the left side of her face. Seeing the mark infuriated him.
 Flossina noticed his mood had changed and instinctively tried to take a step back.
"Who struck you?" He demanded.
She had forgotten all about the bruise on her cheek. She brought her hand up to touch it. It felt swollen. She relaxed when she realized that was what had altered his mood. She reassured herself that he would never hurt her. He had saved her life. 
"I don't know. One of the guards. I was trying to help the kind man you just brought in."
"A lot of good that did you." He said gruffly.
She looked down so she wouldn’t cry.
He forced her to look up at him by taKing her chin in his hand and gently nudging it so her eyes were looking into his.
"I wanted to make sure you were here. We don't have a lot of time to waste. Before dawn. I will be back for you."
"Dawn? Please, Marlon. Don't leave me here!  That's too far away! What if that horrible General comes for me before then ? They want to execute me!"
He saw the fear in her eyes. Heard it in her voice. All he wanted to do was to protect her, and get her out of here. She looked so scared and unsure. He had to follow the plan. His plans never failed. He had felt a huge sense of relief when he had seen she was here, just as Deleav had told him.He knew his friends intel information was always accurate.
 Although, he hadn't doubted his Second in commands words. He was elated she was still alive and unharmed, for the most part. He didn't like the way this General character was bullying her, and it made him wonder if he was the one who injured her and she didn’t want to tell him.
He gently touched her cheek with his hand.
"I promise, I will be back for you."
She knew he spoke the truth to her, and even though they stood in the middle of the musty, dirty, tower Flossina felt safe in his arms. 
He leaned down and kissed her lightly on the lips.
 She accepted the show of affection and reveled in the warm sensation worKing its way through her body because of it.
"I must leave. They believe me to be one of them. I can't be gone too long."
He lingered for a few seconds more and she watched as he moved across and then out of the room. Now that he was gone she noticed the holy man sitting Indian style on a large pillow. He seemed unencumbered by what had just transpired with him.
"Are you alright?" She asked. 
She looked him over and noticed he  had a bruise on his face, accompanied by a gash on his forehead. The look on his face didn't match his predicament. He reminded her of someone who was sitting on a bench in a garden, basKing in the sun on a nice spring day. She was reminded of her out of body experience. Maybe he was having one. He was a holy man after all. Holy men were known to be born with magical properties in their blood. They could pray or chant and their magic was powerful enough to last. Sometimes it was unbreakable. The Princess had never seen it.
"Tell me more about my mother," she said. She needed to take advantage of every second she had left in here with this man. She hoped she could gather enough information to make up for not getting the diary.
"I wish to tell you more...about you."
"More about me?"
He nodded, smiling.
"What about me?"
"You are special. Your mother made sure of that."
"What do you mean?"
"Years ago, I performed a ritual with you and your mother. Binding you to something very valuable. Your mother was a wonderful woman. Full of life and love for her people. She wants you to take her place. Save the Kingdom from this General and the addle-minded King. You have it inside of you. You are quite powerful."
 She knelt down beside him and surveyed the bleeding gash on his forehead. She ripped the front of her loin skirt and gently wrapped it around his head to help stop the bleeding. 
"Inside of me?"
"Yes, the jewel of humanity."
"That isn't possible. My mother would have told me about that."
"Would she? You were an infant. The Kingdom was on a shaky road to recovery, after a land ravished by war. She had lost all of her family and gained a new one, you and Fvendal."
"My stepfather?"
"Yes. He had won your mother's hand but never truly her heart, or her complete trust. This Jewel has been in your family's bloodline since the beginning of time. It is passed on from generation to generation with specific instructions on how valuable it is and what it is to be used for."
Flossina was stunned at the old man's information. He was telling her the truth. He smiled at her kind gesture.
"Your mother sent me away to Gilead monastery. She hoped to keep me away from here until it was time to remove the stone."
"Remove the stone?"
"Yes. General Torunn has found all my writings on it. He just needs me to recite the words. "
"General Torunn? I thought my stepfather was behind all of this."
"He is being used as a puppet. If General Torunn can get his hands on the jewel he can become ruler of Zuff."
Her heart was pounding in her ears. She'd heard enough. She hugged her knees. 
"How do I right this?"
She heard the sound of the Royal lamenters crys being carried on the wind. The Royal gong tolled three times signifying her Mother's Journey into the afterlife. Her stepfather had warned her that her death would be soon to follow. She knew Marlon would come for her and her heart felt a little at peace at the thought of the kind stranger who was helping her now. Khepri's plan worked. She smiled at the worKings of the demi-goddess...

 

13-Nerves
Although Princess Flossina was anxious for Marlon's return, she still listened intently as the spiritual elder told her stories of both her parents in the days of their youth. She was astounded at how well she was able to see her real father through the descriptive stories he was telling her. The sound of his baritone voice seemed to dull the pain and the feeling of all-encompassing sadness that seemed to veil her life at present.
He was in the middle of telling her how her father, the late King, had won her mother's hand in a duel to the death when he began to cough uncontrollably. She stood and rushed over to him. Her muscles ached from her sitting on the hard stone seat for such a long duration. She handed him one of the brass goblets that sat on the tray with their half-eaten meal. It was full of clean water. She handed him the cup and saw how ferociously his hands shook. She assisted him with the task. When he gently pushed her hand that held the cup away, she took it and placed it beside her. His breathing was more laboured. That small task seemed to have taken a toll on him. She felt a tinge of guilt wash over her. She shouldn't have let him waste his resources on entertaining her. The poor man was spent. She could hear the wheezing in his breath and saw the small bead of perspiration on his tanned furrowed brow.
"Please, rest," she quietly pleaded to him.
"Princess, you are so kind. You so remind me of your mother." He coughed once more.
She smiled at that compliment. "Now please, rest. We will be rescued shortly. You will need your strength for the journey."
He smiled faintly and nodded his head in acknowledgement. She waited until she saw his breathing change to a slower rhythm. She stood up again and walked over to the only open window. She could hear the Royal Remembrance hymnals dedicated to her mother. It was a beautiful song. The woman's words seemed to dance up to her and rest inside of her spirit. Giving her the feeling her mother was watching over her.
She closed her eyes and hummed along. Memories of her mother danced around inside of her mind, and she felt her body relax a little. She knew now that she could truly depend upon Marlon. His kiss seemed like so much more. She had felt his worry, relief, and raw desire when his lips had unexpectedly engulfed hers and sent her senses to overload. She was of Royal blood and the Zuff Law stated that she was to remain untouched by anyone who was not Royalty or approved to touch her. When his lips had seared hers it had shaken her to her core. She didn't care that he wasn't Royalty. He had an uncanny ability to detect when she was in need of rescuing. He seemed to have all of the noble characteristics her mother had always told her made up a quality man.
Sitting here now, in her own castle as a captive she knew her mother hadn't been forthcoming to her about the ways of men and how dark their hearts could be when power was the goal. Her mother had been an eternal optimist and saw the good in her people. She wondered what her mother would think now about her stepfather being corrupted by that lecherous General. Her thoughts went back to Marlon and the way he had fooled the guards into thinKing he was one of them. She had been so frightened when she had first saw him in the knight's armor.The feeling of absolute relief washed over her when he had pulled away the helmet to reveal it was him. He was striKingly handsome and she wondered why she hadn't paid more attention to his looks in the days past. She gently touched her soft lips and flashes of them in bed together flashed through her mind. She tried to shake the thoughts away, but it was no use.
She leaned forward, resting her elbows on the tops of her knees. The full moon illuminated the tower, and she said a silent prayer of protection for Marlon. She heard a loud thud and the tower door opened once again. She quickly stood up, dusting herself off as she walked over to the door. She hadn't expected Marlon to use this entrance again. She didn't care. She was happy she would be leaving this dreadful place. The door opened further and her heart was once again deflated. It was not Marlon. It was General Torunn. She quickly backed away. His eyes looked like cold glass as he stared at her. Two more guards materialised behind him in the poorly lit entranceway. He walked into the room and immediately started barKing orders.
"Shut the door and leave me! The Princess and I have much to discuss."
He took off his breastplate and sword and placed it on the hook near the door.
They obeyed his command and the loud sound of the slamming door sent chills down her spine. He had told her earlier that he would be back for her. She knew she had to keep calm, but the way he stared at her made her want to escape the room, which now seemed smaller with this menacing man inside of it cornering her. Her heart was pounding inside of her chest and her mouth went dry.
"I told you I would have you, Princess."
The way he spoke her title to her made her feel as if he were mocKing her.
She stood with her back ramrod  straight. A haughty look of nobility on her face. She refused to show him any fear. He stared at her with a desire she could barely stomach.
"Come here. Now." He hissed.
She walked over to him, and he immediately grabbed her arm. She tried to pull free but his grip was like iron. He squeezed it to demonstrate his power. She held her breath so she wouldn't whimper.
"I promise Princess, I will make sure you enjoy it. All of it."
He pressed her small frame against his.
She still felt his hand firm on her upper arm. He was smelling her hair at the nape of her neck. She felt tears coming to her eyes. She quickly blinked them away. She could smell ale on his breath. He was perspiring and his hands felt rough on her soft skin. Once again she felt trapped with this monster. He stroked her hair, took a fistful and put it to his nose. She could see he was relishing this moment. His hands then started slowly roaming all over her body. She held her breath to stop herself from trembling. She refused to show any emotion, except disgust. His big calloused hands went to touch her face and she instinctively moved away from it.
He looked at her and snarled, "Does my touch not please you, Princess? Are my hands too calloused for your liKing? I apologize. I'm not of noble blood. I'm just a poor potato farmers son. We couldn't all be born Royal now could we."
Her silence infuriated him.
He slapped her hard and then slammed his mouth against hers so hard she felt his teeth sink into her flesh. She started to taste her own blood. She pushed him hard enough to break the kiss and slap him hard across his face. He backhanded her again and she fell hard onto the marble floor. Before she could react, he was on top of her.
"You bitch!"
He grabbed her by the shoulders and began to shake her.
Her head was spinning when he finally stopped his tirade, and once more his hands were roving all over her body. She tried turning her head but his hard, firm grasp on her face wouldn't allow it.
"You will look at me. I was going to make this pleasurable for you, but now I see you're nothing but a tease like the rest of them! I'm going to enjoy making you suffer." He was smiling cruelly as he spoke the words to her. He took out a small sharp dagger. She watched in silence as he used the blade on the thin material that covered her body. She heard him moan low in the back of his throat as it revealed her flawless skin and perfect breasts. It all revolted her. He kissed her neck sloppily and spoke in between his barrage. "Once I get rid or your very gullible stepfather I will be Zuff's new King. Instead of killing you I could keep you locked in this tower and make you bear me heirs."
She tried to cover her bare breasts. He roughly removed her hands and grabbed her by her neck. He used his right knee to slowly open her legs. She looked up at the ceiling past this horror that was about to happen to her. She started counting the windows on the top of the tower. They hadn't been noticeable because of the boards that lay atop them, but now she could see the outline clearly. She counted silently in her head. One. Where was Marlon? Two.Was this to be her fate? She felt the weight of his body begin to crush her own, and just as he was about to do the evil deed, there was a great, loud rumbling that came from the ceiling she had been staring up at.
She watched as the boards she had planned on counting during this horrible encounter with the General cracked,pulled away and were crushed into splinters midair. She quickly covered her face with her hands and turned as much of her body away as she could to protect herself from the shower of wood. The noise had startled General Torunn and he sat up on his knees, in between her legs as the splinters rained down on them. In all the confusion Flossina seized the opportunity and kneed him in his bare groin with all of her might. He let out a blood-curdling howl of pain and doubled over, all the while holding his crotch. All the fear, all the anger, and all of the hatred she felt for this man bubbled up within her and she gave him one final kick in his face. It knocked him out cold. She looked around and ran over to where she had left the holy man to rest.
"Our ride has arrived! We are safe," she informed him while she gently shook him.
He was hunched over with the hood of his cloak covering his head. She knelt and touched his shoulder. His head lifelessly rolled around on his shoulders and she knew he was dead. She gently laid his body down on the ground.
"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." She whispered and placed a kiss on his forehead as a tear slipped down her cheek.
This man died because of her. She had to make this right. She looked up overhead and saw Marlon’s black dragon. A wooden rope ladder was unraveling with each descent gravity pulled it. She watched as her hero climbed down the rope ladder...



14-Ascension from Ruin
Flossina stood in the middle of the tower between the door that was being unlocked by the guards and Marlon, who was climbing effortlessly down the rope ladder. With all the heightened commotion she still managed to notice his outfit was once again changed. He was dressed in all black this time with a black cape and mask that covered the lower half of his face. He wore gold wrist guards and a matching chest plate. He looked dangerous to her and she could see why her mother had chosen him. Three guards ran into the room swords at ready. She quickly backed away and managed to back into him. He gently touched her arm and she felt a spark.
"Get behind me. Now Princess!"
His stance became defensive and his sword and knife were held firmly in his grip waiting for these men to attack. They slowly formed a half circle in front of them. There was no escape Flossina thought. They had to fight. She wished then she could be of some use, instead of cowering behind him. Then it happened suddenly. The guard in the middle lunged first and with one swift motion of Marlon's sword he was cut down. He returned his stare to the two guards who were directly in front of him.
"Princess, climb!" He shouted gruffly.
His command startled her out of the mental paralysis she was feeling watching him in swordplay. She turned and began her ascent onto the rope ladder and out of the tower. She had never climbed a rope ladder before and felt it was very awkward. The rope wiggled against her grip and her footing never quite could made it's marked. Yet, she climbed to the top and was never so happy to see a dragon as she was when she sat securely on its back.
From this view she could see the entire battle, and watched in awe as she witnessed Marlon doing away with the third guard and saw six more coming into the room. From this height, they looked smaller. She noticed Marlon was quick and flawless. His actions were methodical. Every movement timed perfectly. It was like watching a dance. He moved forward and then back and then forward and then back each time swinging his sword and landing on its mark. He looked so powerful to her. He had finally reached the ladder and began climbing quickly. She felt the dragon move as he adjusted to his Master's weight. She counted eleven men, thirteen including the knocked out General and the holy man. Marlon was amazing, she couldn’t help but think. He climbed up just as quickly but halfway to the top she noticed three more guards enter the tower, this time with their  bows at ready. They fired simultaneously.
Flossina yelled, "Hurry!"
Marlon looked below him and saw the arrows coming for him he climbed faster than he ever had and felt the familiar piercing of his flesh as an arrow grazed his right arm. He had been taught to ignore the pain and succeed with the mission. Princess Flossina was his mission and until she was safe he couldn't stop. Flossina watched as they readied their bows again. He saw the look of sheer worry on her face. Her emotions for him softened his heart towards her even more. He didn’t know why it mattered, or why he cared at this very moment with everything happening around them. He reached the saddle and sat behind her. He hadn't noticed she was almost naked. Her slender arms barely covering her shredded top. He looked down and saw two soldiers climbing the rope ladder. They hadn’t climbed far. He pulled his knife out and with speed and very little effort he cut the rope and watched the guards fall to their deaths.
"Emu!" He said to the dragon and with one swift motion the large animal roared and flew them away from the tower, climbing higher into the midnight sky.
He could breathe now. She was in his arms and under his protection once more. He had felt badly about the harsh tone he had taken with her before. He felt something for her, something on a deeper level.Unlike any other woman or person he  had known. He was inclined to believe it was because of her Royal lineage. He wasn't accustomed to being in the presence of such pristine beauty, but he recalled he never truly saw her without a bruise on her face. What he felt for her was magnetic. it was as if her body was calling to his own, and he wanted to answer that call. When she was in his arms the world didn't seem to matter, and the fact that he hadn't been with her in a sexual nature made him raise questions of his own,and now with her sitting on his lap as they rode through the beautiful midnight sky. He wanted her. He knew he shouldn't, she was a princess and he was nothing but a ghost. He felt her body shivering and he realized she was cold and almost naked. He cursed at himself for getting swept away in his own thoughts. He took his cape off and secured it around her. Her shivering minimized and he felt her small soft frame lean back into his arms. He didn't want to let her go.
Flossina felt the crisp, cool wind on her face and was so grateful he had covered her with his thick warm cloak. She thanked the gods for her new champion. She closed her eyes and sighed. It was a sigh of relief. She relaxed against him as they soared above the clouds. She felt her eyes growing heavy. She was bone tired. Tonight was the bravest she'd ever been or had to be. She had succeeded in keeping her virtue intact. She recalled knocKing the General unconscious on the floor, and she smiled at his misfortune. All her life she had been taught that a Princess was permitted to revel in her country's accomplishments, and not their own. She sighed again. Her eyelids were getting so heavy as if he had read her mind he put his lips to her ear and spoke. It sent tingles all over her body.
"You can rest. You're safe."
She closed her eyes finally. The last coherent thought was that her mother was right. She had chosen her champion wisely...

15-Destination hidden 
Flossina had dozed off while they soared high atop the silver lined clouds in the midnight sky. All the apprehension, and excitement seemed to make her feel even more emotionally drained than she had in the hours she had been locked up in the tower. She thanked her lucky stars that that ordeal was behind her. She had awoke just in time to see their destination. It wasn’t the castle he had taken her to before, but a small cottage outlined in the moonlight. Why had he taken her here and not back to his home? She had to admit it was ethereal and unlike any place she had seen or visited, Including her childhood summer palace. It hadn’t looked as beautiful as this place. It was nestled in a dense part of the forest, guarded by majestic willow trees. A babbling brook ran a few feet away from the small two-story hut. She wonder how he had come to find this place. It was a magical place. 
Marlon would soon tell her all about his plans, but for now he had to wait.Her safety was a priority. He gently assisted her down from the beast. Her legs almost gave way. She felt his arm around her thin waist supporting her until she could maintain her balance. Once again she was looking up into those magnificent eyes of his. There was something there. They always seemed to look through her. With one swift movement, she was in his arms and being carried by him. She let out a small cry from the surprise she had felt when he picked her up unexpectedly. 
"This really isn't necessary." She protested.
"Yes, it is." was all he said, and he rapped on the door with the heel of his boot. 
Seconds later the door opened. An old woman answered. She smiled and  stepped aside as she opened the door wider and let them come in. Marlon nodded at the woman as she closed the cottage door behind them. He carried Flossina up the narrow staircase that brought them to an upstairs bedchamber. It was small, but tidy and smelled of fresh wildflowers. He sat her on the edge of the bed, and went back downstairs. She strained to hear any conversation between him and the little old woman, but there was none. When he returned he had fresh linens and a wooden bowl filled with steaming water. He sat it down on the small table beside the bed and took one of the small square pieces of linen and dipped it into the water. 
"I have to clean this." He told her.
Flossina was feeling a myriad of emotions at the moment and really didn't want Marlon fussing over her bruises. They did hurt like hell. She didn't want him to think she was being weak or difficult. She had already caused quite enough trouble in this man’s life. If she wanted him to help her she had to begin to show him that he could trust her. She sat quietly, holding her small frame as still as she could while he tended to the wounds on her face, arms, and hands. She was still surprised at how gentle he was with her. The contrast to his persona intrigued her all the more.
 "All done Your Royal Highness." He said when he was finished with the task.
"I told you not to call me that." She chided "Please, call me Flossina."
He nodded as he gathered up the used linens along with the wooden bowl. 
"Thank you."She said, hoping she didn't offend him earlier.
"If that will be all?" He simply said.
She saw no outward reaction from him. She thought he would at the very least, take her in his arms and kiss her like he had when he had discovered she was alive in the tower, but he didn't.
"Yes...that will be all." She hoped she didn't sound as disappointed as she felt.
He nodded and walked away.
A few moments later she watched as he descended down the narrow steps once more. She was alone. She took off the heavy, wool cloak Marlon had wrapped her in on their journey here. She was thankful the old woman had no looking glasses around. She wasn't sure she would be able to handle what she looked like at the moment. She looked down at her dirty, bare feet. Then to the black sheer outfit that now hung on her slender waist in tattered ribbons, almost looking like a skirt. She put her hand to her forehead and felt the gash there. She had various bruises on different parts of her body. She willed herself to not cry at the thought of what all she had been through these last few days. She instead, felt her anger bubbling inside and the thought of knocKing the General unconscious again seemed like a consolation prize for all her pain he had tried inflict. She wanted him dead. She had never thought she would be running for her life. Her mother had never prepared her for any of this. She should have felt scared, but she didn't. Right now, she felt closer to feeling redeemed than she ever had. She felt like her mother was guiding and helping her. She pulled the thick cover back and wrapped the wool cloak around her frail body before getting into the bed. It was just as comfortable as the bed she’d  had in the palace. She didn't know when she had fallen asleep only when she awoke and saw Marlon again. She had been  tossing and turning in bed having a nightmare when she suddenly awoke and sat up in bed as if she was trying to catch her breath. When she got her bearings she saw him sitting on the edge of the bed. He leaned towards her and gently placed his left hand on her forehead, checKing her temperature until she protested.
"Please stop making a fuss over me. I'm fine."
She was sitting in front of him. She hadn't noticed how tired he looked. His eyes seemed dark with emotion now, and she felt compelled to touch him. She reached over and took his hand into her own.
He had heard her groans from downstairs and wanted to make sure she was ok. looking at her now, she didn't sound or look as battered as she had when he first laid eyes on her. She didn't want him to fuss over her, and he didn’t either, but that was all he found himself doing. She had been hurt badly within the last few days. He felt it was his duty to make sure she was kept safe. He knew he should let his comrades, who were rallying at his castle at this very second know what he was up to, but he couldn't seem to will himself to leave her side. He also couldn’t leave so close after their escape. He couldn't risk the extra trip. He told himself he would do it when the sun came up. His gut told him he needed to stay with her and she needed him to as well. It was confirmed further still, when she took his hand and held it. The cloak she was wearing slid off of both of  her shoulders. Her eyes were wide with wonder, admiration, and lust. He knew this was wrong. He was an assassin and she was Princess and future Queen of a Kingdom he was sworn to protect. He couldn't let this happen. No matter how much he wanted it and her. She slid the cloak down further still until it was framing her perfect cleavage and he could see the budding of her hard nipples. She pulled the material tight so her breasts pushed out more.
He gently placed his hands upon her soft shoulders. He was shocked at how wonderful she felt under his touch. He gently ran them down her arms until they found the material of her cloak and he placed it back on her shoulders and covered her. He squeezed her hand and slowly let go.
"I don't...I don't understand. You have kissed me ... twice!"
He looked at her. She was so beautiful and confused. He however, was not, and he wanted to caress her face and tell her that he had been worried sick about her and wanted to rip her stepfather, the King, and that damned General, and all his men apart with his bare hands just for her, but he knew saying those things would frighten her, and he had to show restraint. She was above his station and he would never be good enough to be with her.
"Princess... I can't."
"Can't what? I'm no longer a Princess, remember?"
She crawled out of the covers and held his stubbly face in her hands. 
He gently touched her wrists, wanting to remove them. 
 She refused to move them.
"Princess, please, don't make this any more difficult than it needs to be."
"It isn't difficult. You kissed me." She felt her face growing warm at her blunt conversation. "And I would like you to kiss me again."
He was trying damned hard to control himself, but she wasn't taKing ‘no’ for an answer. Ever since their first kiss he couldn't get her off of his mind in that way. Kissing her was all he thought about lately.
"Princess-" He was about to continue but she caught him off guard and kissed him on the lips.
It caught him by surprise at first, but once he got the taste of her he felt his control slipping away as he enveloped her in his muscular arms, and kissed her back with all the pent up passion he felt for her.
Flossina lost track of what they were talKing about, so hot was the kiss between her and Marlon. She felt herself wrapping her arms around his muscular shoulders and never wanting to let go, or stop their lips from the mating dance it was doing. He smelled so masculine to her and his kiss made her feel different. She felt her body inching closer to his and the cloak she was holding securely around her fell to the floor. A small sigh escaped her mouth. She was enjoying every second in his arms. His touch was light, and gentle as he caressed her cheek. His tongue playfully delved inside her mouth. Everything but this kiss seemed to melt away. His hands wrapped around her slender waist and she felt her knees shake a little.
Marlon had lost control of  all his better judgment. He knew he needed to pull away before the damage was done. He knew she was an innocent, and he wouldn't be able to bed her with a clear conscience. She was the rightful heir to Zuff and he had to make sure she was protected. In this moment though, all he cared about was how soft , willing, and delectable she tasted. He had never enjoyed kissing one woman as much as he did with her. He broke the kiss gruffly and watched as her pert, bare breasts heaved up and down in the moonlight. Her lips were swollen from his kisses and he could see the bruises on her upper arms. It seemed to break the spell for him. 
"We must stop." He commanded.
"Marlon?" She asked quizzically.
"Floss, please."
She could hear some sort of frustration in his voice. She stopped then.
"I'm sorry. Please, Forgive me." She picked up the material up from off of the floor and wrapped it around her once more.
"No, I'm the one who’s sorry. If only I would have come faster for you.."
"Please, don't. It was my own fault. I should have stayed put. I was just so angry. I wanted revenge on my stepfather."
"How did you leave?" He asked. 
Marlon knew nothing of the Demi-Goddesses assistance in aiding her escape from his home. She didn't want to tell him just yet. She recalled when she had told him about going to visit her deceased mother and the look of disbelief he had on his face. He hadn't believed her. He had thought it was the delirium of her head injury. She lied.
"I...I don't recall. I was at Moena one moment and the next I was back in my royal chambers at the castle."
She remembered the black sheer material that hung over her portrait and the mark of disgrace they had put upon it.
"I do know my stepfather is being controlled."
"Aye." Marlon agreed.
"By that man who calls himself a General."
"Had you ever laid eyes on him before ?"
"No, never, but he on the other hand, seemed to know a great deal about me and Zuff laws and customs."
"Did he...hurt you?"
She knew he was asKing if the General had attacked her. She thought back to the many times she had fought him off with her defiance and will power. She shook her head ‘no’ and saw him visibly relax.
"I think it's time to rest now, Floss."
"Will you stay with me until I fall asleep? Please?"
He knew he shouldn't. He had his brigade of men waiting for his next command, but he found himself not being able to say ‘no’ to her. She was so sheltered and kind to him. He wanted to protect that goodness and kindness for as long as he could.
He nodded.
She scooted over and patted her hand on the place beside her. He decided to lay atop the furs and held her in his arms.
His heartbeat was strong and steady against her ear. It made Flossina feel safe and it calmed her. His body heat radiated off of him and within minutes she was lightly snoring on his chest.The tiny room made it all the more cozy. Marlon didn't want to move for fear he would wake her, but he knew he had other pressing matters to attend to. He gently rested her head on the pillow . He hoped she dreamed about them living in a world where they could be together. A world with no titles...





16-Unveiled Truth
She recalled falling asleep in Marlon’s arms late last night but she did not recall him bundling her up and flying them back to his home, Moeina, or being placed inside his bedchamber. She saw no trace of him when she awoke. She was trying to quiet the voices of defeat and grief that seemed to be replaying over and over again in her mind as the events that took place over the past days flooded her l. She put on a brown cotton dress that was sitting atop the bed at the foot. She wondered where Marlon had gone to. She opened the bedchamber door to go in search of him. She was halted by a  young boy, who looked no more than sixteen summers, standing guard at Marlon’s chamber door. She wondered who he was. He was staring at her like he had never seen another person before.
It almost became awkward. He spoke to her then.
“My Lady,  you are to not leave these chambers without the Commander’s escort.”
She was puzzled as to who the Commander was and why he was the only one who could escort her around a castle she had been living in. Where was Marlon? Had he lied to her? Was this not his home? She felt the panic rising up in her as the young soldier’s gaze rested on her many bruises and she realized she must look a fright. 
“Very well. Thank you.” She said, hoping she didn’t sound as perturbed as she felt. 
He nodded at her and she returned back into the room, shutting the door behind her. She went in search of a mirror. She found one that leaned on the stone wall only a few feet away from the bed. She gasped at her appearance. Her left eye was dark purple and swollen shut. She had visible bruises on her wrists from where the shackles had rubbed against her delicate skin. Her bottom lip puckered out a bit because it was split.There was no pain thanks to Marlon tending to her wounds last night.ThinKing about him made her wonder where he was once more. She felt overwhelmed and alone then thinKing about everything that had occurred. All the evidence showed her that she should flee from her Kingdom. Her stepfather was being used as a pawn by a madman. She had been framed for her mother’s death and left for dead, but her heart told her she had to continue to be strong and fight. Fight for her mother, her Kingdom and her crown…
It was well past nightfall when Marlon returned. Flossina had occupied herself with reading his many herb journals. She left them strewn about the large room.
The further he walked into the room he noticed it changed from books to various weapons of his neatly lined up on the mattress at the foot of the bed. He took his scabbard off and laid it down alongside  lthe others. 
“I see you’ve kept yourself occupied.” He remarked, as if this was an everyday occurrence. 
She looked up from a holistic medical journal she was reading, smirked at him and then spoke. 
“There was nothing for me to do. The boy guard at the door told me I was to stay here. I cannot tour the castle alone. I can only go if  your ‘Commander’ escorts me. Who is he? You’ve never spoke before of having a Commander.”
 He was the Commander and Chief of the Collective, but he hadn’t told her that tidbit of news for fear she would break his cover. He hadn’t known what to expect, and still didn’t. The time would come where he would have to fight the King of Zuff and this General.  Thoughts of him restoring her to the throne of Zuff and her turning on him just as her stepfather had done to his father during the great war so many years ago flashed in his mind.
Only time would tell, and right now there wasn’t too much of it to go on. The time had come for him to tell her who he really was and deal with the possibility that she would be frightened and repulsed by him and all the blood he had shed. He hoped she wouldn’t. He hoped she would keep looking at him with those wonderful eyes of hers. It was like she saw into him and knew him. 
“I am the Chief Commander of Moeina.” That was partially true since he was a Chief Commander and Moiena was his home. He tried to say it as nonchalantly as possible. By the expression on her face he knew she was surprised.
“Oh my, well I didn’t know, I apologize. I thought you were just a Master Healer.” She smiled. “It would explain why you’re so adept with weapons and why you have so many.” She said as her gaze looked in the direction of his weapons.

“You have chosen some of my finest blades.” He complimented her taste.
She smiled, walked over to him and stood beside him. They both stood looking down at the various blades she had picked out from his vast collection. 
Flossina spoke, “Any one of these blades would have come in handy when I was last at MeadowBrooke. Mother  detested weapons. She thought they were barbaric.” She touched one. “Tell me more about these blades, please.”
Flossina’s comment surprised and amused him. He was amused and slightly curious as to why she was showing an interest in his weapons. Her eyes seemed to light up and her demeanor relaxed. He knew she felt safe with him and that made him proud. He picked up the biggest weapon she had placed on the trunk. It was thin long and wide and shaped like the letter ‘C’.
“When I was a child my father gave me this. I had to use it for my first hunt. I ended up being stranded in the dark forest alone.”
“You were just a boy.” She gasped at the thought of him being young and lost. 
“Aye, but I’ve seen younger.”
She couldn’t believe what he was saying, but knew it was the way of their world. Young boys were sent on pilgrimages. She watched him put the blade down and picked another one up. This one was a much smaller dagger. It was made from pure gold and looked as if the handle had been dipped in a rainbow of  jewels. She loved the way it sparkled. He handed it to her, seeing how she couldn't keep her gaze off it. She smiled as she held the weapon in her hand. 
“And what of this one?” She asked him.
“This one was payment..”
“Payment? What services did you provide? Holistic?”
“No, I killed a man.” He watched her face to see her reaction.
She only smiled and rolled her eyes, and it made him smirk. 
Next, he picked up a double edged sword.
“I borrowed this from a soldier I had to incapacitate. I needed his armour for a disguise.”
“Yes, I see, much like you did at MeadowBrooke.”
“Aye.”
“Would you teach me to use a blade? ”
“Your R-” She shot him a disapproving look  and he corrected his error  mid-sentence, “Floss, You have me. You have no need to train.”
She felt like that was his way of telling her ‘no’ without hurting her feelings.
“I didn’t have you when I was in that bastard General’s clutches.” She closed her eyes to ward off the tears. Seconds later they were open again and she was back smiling and talKing. “Please, teach me.You are a Commander afterall.”
Marlon rolled his eyes and began putting the blades back in their hiding spot. She followed him and watched as he put them all back where she had found them. All but the beautiful jewel encrusted dagger she held in her hand. She saw him looking at her in that way that made her insides melt, and she felt herself moving closer to him. They were standing face to face. He then took his left hand and placed it on top of hers.
“I will teach you.” He finally agreed. 
He watched as she let out a shrill cry of delight and smiled and winced and smiled again. She was so beautiful to him. He was caught up in the rapture of her, 
“Thank you. You won’t regret it.” She was so elated.
She looked down and noticed they were still holding the dagger in their hands. When she looked back up and suddenly his lips were on hers.The kiss started off harmless at first, but ended on an intense note. She put her arms go around his neck as if they were meant to be there. As if she weighed nothing at all he picked her up and carried her over to the bed. Their lips were still locked in the passionate kiss. Her fingers found their way into his soft locks of hair at the nape of his neck. His masculine scent smelled divine to her. She was becoming consumed by the thought of mating with him. His kisses trailed from her mouth down to her neck. She let out a happy sigh. Her body was tingling  all over. She felt drunk. Marlon broke the kiss and Flossina began to protest by pulling his face close to hers. 
“We can’t do this.” He stated soberly.
She kissed his lips once more, hoping he would cease his talk, but instead he gently pushed her away so she couldn’t kiss him any longer. 
“Yes we can. It’s alright.” She assured him.
“No, Princess, really, we can’t.” He said as he got up off of the bed, trying to put some distance between them. It wasn’t worKing. This woman had invaded his thoughts the moment he had found her on his doorstep, and now she was in his room kissing her. 
Flossina had never been rejected, and the feeling was unfamiliar and unpleasant to her. She crawled onto the bed until she was on the edge. hen kneeled on it. He saw the way she looked at him dejected and sad.He felt guilty.
“It’s not as if I don’t want to.”
“Then what is it?”
“It’s Law! You are of Royal blood and no man may touch you.”
“I know exactly who I am! I am the next Queen of Zuff, indebted to you and I’m quite familiar with Zuff Law. It states no unworthy man may touch me.” She emphasized the word ‘unworthy’ as she got off of the bed and turned him around to face her. “You Marlon, are worthy.”
“You would give your virtue to me to pay a debt? You would allow me to bed you to fulfill your Royal obligation.?”
“No, of course not !” His words were hurtful and made her feel lessened, another feeling she had never felt before. He was twisting her words around and making her seem callous and snobbish. She didn’t know how to say she needed him. She wanted him to understand that she understood what she was asKing of him. “Every time I have been in trouble you have been there for me. You’re more than my champion. You rescued me again. I didn’t think that would happen, but It did. I was so happy to see you. We kissed and when we did I felt something between us. Something I’m sure you felt because it was so strong. Without my mother and my home, for a moment life felt unbearable. Life feels more than bearable... when I’m in your arms. I forget about all the killing and betrayal when you kiss and caress me. Is it so bad that I want to forget? Forget who I am and what is happening to me and to my Kingdom? If only for a few moments.” A silent tear slipped down her cheeks and she quickly wiped it away and smiled at him. 
Her admission seemed so melancholy and sincere. She had lost quite a lot in the past days and there was a chance she could lose more if they didn’t put a stop to her Stepfather the King. He admired her bravery and the way she could be so open and genuine with him. His desire for her grew. He pulled her close and and kissed her passionately. Flossina felt her heart leap. Her conviction and confidence in him was overwhelmingly sexy to him. She would be a wonderful Queen, but that didn’t matter to him at this very moment. Watching her enjoy his kiss and hearing the soft moans she made in the back of her throat was all he seemed to care about. She stood on her tiptoes and his hands slid the sleeves off of her soft shoulders. She was enjoying every moment. She felt nothing but the affection and warmth she felt when she was with him intensifying as the kiss deepened and he gently slid his tongue inside of her mouth. She mimicked him and he thought it would be his undoing. She was like sweet honey.  She felt his arousal being pressed against his trousers. Only when she held him in her hand, hard and waiting, did the severity of what she wanted to do dawn on her. She felt nervous now. Her breasts were fully exposed. Her nipples hard from arousal and his strong hands gently stroKing them until they found their way to her round firm buttocks. Her shape was perfect to him and his touch was delicious to her. She found herself unconsciously wrapping her arms around his neck, not being able to get enough of him and the kiss they were indulging in. She removed his shirt and lost her train of thought when she saw how muscular he was underneath his black shirt and apothecary apron. She drank him. Her touch was light as she made a trail along his chest to his well defined abdomen. He felt like living marble to her. She looked at him. He was watching her intently. 
“Undo them.” He commanded referring to his pants.
She smiled at him. She had to work up the courage to do it. She had never noticed it until now, and now she was really noticing it. She began to untie the thin leather strips at his groin when there was a loud knock on the door. It startled Flossina and she instinctively covered herself with her hands. He pulled the top of her dress up and she got back under the covers.He quickly located his shirt and put it on. Then he walked to the door and opened it. She watched as he opened it and went outside. She wondered what the young guard must think. A few moments later he was back inside the bedchamber. She noticed the worried look on his face.  
“Is everything alright?” She asked.
He didn’t know how he should answer her question. News was spreading about her escape there was a bounty on both of their heads. He didn’t want to alarm or frighten her with more bad news, but he knew in just the short length of time he had known her that she was strong and resilient. He saw no use in hiding it from her. They were going to be facing these obstacles together. 
“General Torunn has put a bounty on us. He has sent his men to the four corners of the Kingdom in search of you and me.”
“Are you surprised? He is power hungry. Of course I see no cause for concern.You yourself said this was a fortified castle and he will not be able to find it.”
“No, my exact words were ‘see’ it . It is an optical illusion.” He corrected. “I have sent a look out party. If this place is found it will be protected at all costs.” He walked over to her then and looked into her eyes. “You will be protected at all costs. We have little more than a week before we hear anything, give or take a few days.”
“Until then?” She asked.
“Until then, I have more work to do.”
“What do you mean? What work?”
He knew she still didn’t know his true plans. He couldn’t tell her everything, not just yet. He would tell her when the time was right, possibly tonight after he spoke with Deleav.
She touched his left forearm. It was like she seemed to touch his soul. It was an eerie yet wonderful feeling.
 He had been right. He couldn’t let his attraction to her make him fall prey to a bad decision. He had to finish what he had started. Love wasn’t part of the plan. He would have to wait for that he told himself. Flossina was so eager to be intimate with him. He wasn’t sure she knew what she was in for. He wasn’t the type to love and leave someone . He would want a future with her. He would want all of her. That wasn’t in the cards for them. He knew that from the beginning. She was a queen to-be and he wouldn’t be the crazy bastard who ruined the Queen of Zuff. Could he share her with a Kingdom? Would she even want him once she was rightfully seated on the throne as Queen of Zuff? This was something he couldn’t enter into lightly, and no matter how beautiful she was or how good she tasted and looked when he had kissed her. There was also the issue of her attraction to him was due to him being her recent rescuer/hero.  He just couldn’t bring himself to bed her tonight, or possibly ever. As much as he wanted to stay he had to leave. He had to make sure his orders were carried out and Moeina wasn’t discovered. 
“I have a favor to ask of you.” He said deflecting her question for now. 
“Anything.” She said quickly
“Please, don’t leave this room. I have some things I must tend to. I want as few people as possible to know you are here.”
“People? Your servants?”
He almost chuckled at her. “No. My men. Until I have come up with a suitable plan I cannot let you freely roam my home. Some of these men haven’t seen a woman as beautiful as you in quite some time, and some know exactly who you are and would hurt you because of it.”
He searched her face.
“I understand.”  She said simply.
“I promise I will explain it all when I come back, but now I must go.” He planted a quick kiss in the center of her forehead and exited the room, closing the door behind him.
She wrapped her arms around herself. She shivered when she thought about what almost happened between them and hoped he wouldn’t be long…
Marlon could barely keep his mind on the round table discussion he was having with his three Chief officers in regards to what they were undertaKing. He hadn't realized how preoccupied his thoughts were until Deleav nudged him back to the conversation. He heard his friend then.
“Those are all sound suggestions what do you think Marlon?”
“Although you are right , I feel we must discuss something else.”
This was a change. Usually their discussions were centered around devising a plan to free his father. Marlon felt all plans like this were all about timing. He wanted to get his father out with very little disturbance. He knew it could be done. He continued speaking.
“A few days ago a woman was deposited on my doorstep in Zuff. After an examination I discovered she was the missing Princess.” 
There was a deafening silence. His words seemed to echo in the large meeting room. The three men looked on waiting for him to say more. He knew Deleav was playing the role as to not give the game away, but he could tell Oakley and Bolt were genuinely shocked. He had known all three men for quite some time and trusted them equally with his life. That however didn't mean they always all agreed on matters they discussed in here or Marlon’s decisions as the Commander and Chief of the collective. Marlon knew Oakley would be apprehensive because of the danger he had put them in. He didn't know what Bolt would say. He was a wild card, and just as quickly as he had thought about their reaction they spoke. First, Bolt.
“Marlon this is bad.”
“No it isn't.” Chimed Oakley.
“And why is that?” Bolt asked annoyed with Oakley.
“Because we could ransom her for Marlon’s da.”
Marlon felt like punching him square in his jaw. He knew if she was any other person he would be considering that idea, but this was her. He knew her and would tear anyone apart who tried to harm her. 
He showed no outward emotion. And instead chastised Oakley instead, “Of course you would.”
“Oh, and what would you have us do with her then?”
Marlon hated he even had to speak on it,but he had no choice now, not if he wanted his men to fight for this cause. 
“I would assist her in dethroning the King, putting  us all back in Royal positions and clearing our orders name. That would be on my short list.” 
All three laughed at his arrogance.
“That is why you are the Chief commander,” Bolt noted.
“How are we going to dethrone a King? Are our resources strong enough?”Oakley sounded worried.
“Yes.” Marlon answered.
“There isn't more than one hundred and fifty of us.” 
“Numbers have never stopped us before.”
“The King has enemies.” 
“The enemy of my enemy is my friend.” Oakley stated. 
“Exactly.” Marlon agreed. 
They were all getting on the same page and he was beginning to see a plan unfold, giving them hope. 
Flossina was sound asleep by the time Marlon came to bed. The reaction from his men at the meeting when he had brought up her name was unsettling. There were mixed feelings floating around. he once again took his sword and belt off and placed it atop the trunk.  He sat on the bed and removed his boots how could his men see her as a bargaining chip? She was the rightful heir to Zuff . She was the one and only person who could rewrite history for all parties concerned. She was also a person. A person he had vowed to help and protect. He wondered if his father would have proposed this plan would the outcome be different.  He wasn't sure. Was he expecting too much? Years ago, these men fought and bled and died for the crown of Zuff.They brought honor to their houses. After the Great War it all changed. They were a bunch of disbanded criminals in hiding. Their leader was gone,locked away for a crime they all knew he did not commit. There was two decades of harbored anger and downright contempt for the Crown from his men.As the leader he wanted peace.
He watched her sleep. She looked peaceful and it was as if for one moment she was just his in his bed sleeping. He felt torn. He wanted to continue to lead his men and he also wanted to help the Princess. He removed his shirt but kept his trousers on as he laid atop the fur covers. He knew she was naked underneath the fur pelts and he didn't want to be tempted. He was suppose to be on high alert and she was a distraction. He decided tomorrow she would start her combat training. He wanted her to be able to protect herself if he wasn't there. 
She sighed in her sleep and inched closer to him,wiggling her hips on his groin and sighing in her sleep once more.
 He gently touched her hair and inhaled her scent she smelled like the soap he had made just for her when she first arrived here. It seemed like ages ago and not days. He resisted the urge to caress her. He rested his head on the pillow and knew that this would be a long night…


17- Certain Fate
Marlon's men had moved faster than he had expected. It wasn’t dawn yet, and Deleav was already briefing him on what the scouts had seen. General Torunn, along with one-hundred of Zuff’s finest soldiers, were already a day’s ride away from the red sands desert. They had to move quickly. His first in command had also notified him of the coup that was brewing because of the Princess. He had known it would cause trouble and a certain unrest among the men. That was the very reason he hadn't wished to share this information with his men.  It had been a wrong move in hindsight, but now it was too late. The task of protecting her and carrying out his initial mission was appearing to backfire on him, and instead was forcing him to have to work double time to ensure everyone’s safety. 
“Marlon, you have to get her out of here, now.”
“Aye, I do, and I will. She is my duty and my duty alone. When we leave you have to speak to the men on my behalf, and for the Princesses cause. It will take all of us to end this. No dissension. No betrayal. We must work together. With my father free and the Princess on our side, we can restore the collective's rightful place and set things right.”
Deleav heard hope in his leader and long-time friend’s voice. Marlon had always been logical and calculating since he was a young man. Those traits always served him well in life. He knew his friend had feelings for the princess, and hoped that his logic had not been clouded by that. They were sorely outnumbered, but none of that seemed to bother Marlon. He seemed intent on accomplishing these two goals. His passion and drive were the same things he had seen in Marlon's father when he had been a young teen learning the ropes, and now he saw it in Marlon. That same fervor drove him to never give up and continue to fight for a cause greater than himself. An integral key in becoming their new leader. If their plan worked they would no longer have to hide in secret. Their land, riches, and titles would be restored to them. They would once again be who they once were. Proud warriors to a powerful Crown. 
Their plans were so close to completion. Everything seemed to be turning complicated. Marlon would have to take Flossina back to the grove once more, and then take the ferry boat to Insula, Sancti viri, 'Holy Man’s Isle'.
“You and the men will meet me close to Sancti Viri. They must have the answers I seek.” He said as he walked away from his friend and up to his bedchamber. He saw the young boy he had employed standing by the door when the boy saw him he stood up straighter. “At ease boy.”
The boy slightly relaxed. That made Marlon smile faintly. He admired the boy's pluck. He had to be no more than sixteen summers. Marlon took a deep breath. He always had to brace himself whenever he saw her because she was so beautiful to him. He pushed the heavy door open and closed it quickly once he was inside. He thought she was still asleep. He saw the slow makings of the sunrise from the view he had, and he felt bad for having to wake her. He walked over to the bed and noticed she wasn’t there.  A jolt of panic shot through him. Where was she? Surely that young whelp that was standing guard at the door didn’t let her escape, again. He was relieved when he heard a soft humming noise coming from the direction of his bathing chamber. He saw her silhouette cast upon the sheets he used as a makeshift partition for his personal bathing quarters. He watched her step out of the bath. He couldn't seem to stop looking at her, and slender womanly curves. He tried not to get aroused by the sight of her. It was already too late. He felt like a schoolboy with a crush. He stood quietly and his eyes indulged in the beauty of her. He could see the outline of her perfect breasts, down to her narrow waist and spammed to her wonderful hips and slender legs. He found himself thinking of putting each of her breasts in his mouth. He cursed at himself for thinking such a lascivious thought about her. She was royalty. Since he had met her she had been through quite a lot and here he was now ogling her like some big oaf who didn't have control of his hormones. This never happened to him. He decided in that moment to make his presence known. He cleared his throat loud enough for her to hear.
“Marlon! I was just refreshing myself. I hope you don’t mind.” 
“I thought you would be sleeping.” He quipped and took a few more steps towards the curtain.
She came out from behind it, wrapped in a thin white cloth. She smiled at him, and he wanted to take her in his arms and kiss her smile off of her face. 
“I couldn’t sleep.” She admitted.
“We must go.” He stated.
“Where?” She asked. 
He felt honored she trusted him. He just wished his own men shared her sentiment. He didn’t know if he should tell her about the dissension in his ranks because of him helping her. He thought she already had enough to worry about, and may not be too keen on assisting with their cause. Afterall, she had been a baby when his father had been locked away.  
She took a step closer to him. 
“Sancti Viri.”
“Holy Man’s Isle.” She finished before he could.
He looked at her with surprise. She smiled a coy grin before speaking.
“Don’t look so surprised. My tutors spoke of this place, a time or two.” 
She didn't seem bothered in the least. She seemed completely comfortable with him and the serious decisions he was making for her.So far they had all been beneficial to them both. He realized how much he was enjoying getting to know her and her true feelings. She was resilient, a trait that would get her far in this burgeoning battle and when she was finally Queen. He needed to know why she was so sure she had spoken to her deceased mother, and why she alluded to his past the way she had. It couldn't be coincidental. So what was it? The holy men on the Island would have the answers. He wished they could stay there in that moment just enjoying each other's presence, but he knew he would only be delaying the inevitable.
“Then I will leave you to it. I will wait outside while you get dressed and packed.” 
She leaned in closer to him. 
He could smell the lavender bath salts she had used, and it awoke his groin. He knew he had to get away from her before he lost his self-control. Without a word, he turned around and left out of his room.
Flossina was left alone to her personal tasks. She felt silly now that she was all alone in the room. He just wouldn't touch her anymore, and for some reason that made her feel upset, which was a strange feeling for her to feel about anyone other than her mother, and once upon a time, her stepfather, but now she was feeling it for a complete stranger. He wasn't a stranger though, she countered. He was someone she had grown to count on in this short period of time. She decided to wear a soft white cotton doublet, with brown tights, a thick dark brown leather belt, a tan long soft Hyde vest with matching tan soft Hyde boots. She managed to pack a small satchel with one other change of clothing and soap she had also stashed away the dagger he had given her. She didn't know what to expect on this trip. She was following her mother's last wishes for her and continued to put her faith in Marlon, even though he seemed to not understand why. It was hard for her to understand as well and yet, she did. 
She opened the door. He turned and gave her a slight smile. She felt nervous. He put his fingers up to his lips, motioning for her to be quiet. She nodded in agreement and they didn't speak. He quietly shut the door for her, then gently guided her down a long, winding staircase she had never seen before. It was dark where and smelt stale. She wondered if this was a secret passageway only Marlon knew about and only used in times of crisis. She shook the thought off and continued to follow him. They reached the bottom of the stairs and walked down another dimly lit corridor. She had to keep up with his large, quick strides. She didn't want to be left behind in the dark. After a few minutes of them walKing the corridor opened up. They were in the courtyard of his castle. The dry, heat felt wonderful on her skin, and the breeze was much needed. She heard him let out a high-pitched whistle. She felt the air overhead move. She looked up and saw it. Marlon's black dragon was gliding closely above them. He landed a few feet in front of them, and Flossina was once again in awe of the large, beautiful creature. The dragon lowered his head in a submissive posture. Marlon patted the large creature in between his eyes playfully. The beast let out a contented breath. She heard him chuckle at the Dragon's sweet nature. She felt as if she were interrupting a special moment between owner and animal until Marlon turned his attention to her.
“I see you two haven’t been properly introduced. This is Blaze. Blaze, this is Your Royal Highness, Princess Flossina.” He looked from her to the dragon. “Come here Flossina. Say ‘hello’. He won’t bite. He loves goats more than anything else.”
She smiled at that admission and cautiously stepped forward. He put her left hand inside of his and had her lightly touch the beast. He was much softer than she had expected. His scales felt smooth under her touch. She could feel his breathing coursing through his large body. It was magnificent.
“He likes you.” He whispered in her ear, and she felt herself melting on the inside. She gently pulled her hand away. He gave Blaze one last pat and then turned to look at her. “It’s time to go.” She secured the dark cape she wore around her thin frame. Marlon assisted her atop the dragon and then got on himself. “Auferetur !” He commanded, and they were back in the air, flying across the desert.

****
 
She enjoyed the feeling of freedom she was experiencing as they flew over the beautiful scenery. She realized she had missed quite a lot before. She hadn’t noticed how lush and tucked away the place Marlon had taken her after escaping castle Meadowbrooke until they had landed. She marveled at how green and full and magical it felt. She wanted to ask him how he had come to find this place but she didn't. He had called the place "The Grove" and she understood why now. It was tucked away far back into the forest hidden behind a small wall of rocks. They had landed beside it. When they got off of Blaze the large animal surprisingly fit into the scenery and Flossina couldn’t help but grow more fond of it. The walked down the small dirt road lined with violets and spring roses. Large willow trees hung overhead making her feel as if they were walKing through a beautiful botanical tunnel. Marlon didn’t seem phased by it in the least. He wore the same uninterested expression he always seemed to wear. She took it all in. Several minutes later they were walKing up to a small two-story cottage. Marlon walked up the stairs and knocked on the door three distinct times. She stood behind him. The door opened. It was the same old woman that she had met the night he had rescued her from her the tower. The old woman did not appear to be happy to see either of them. She barely opened the door. 
“Auxilium,” He said.
She opened her door wider. “Please, come in.” She smiled then. 
They both entered. 
It all felt surreal to Flossina. She recalled being here, but she had been so distressed that she couldn't recall being properly introduced to the woman or properly thanKing her for helping them. She also had no recollection of the inside of the woman’s home except for the room she had occupied on the second floor. It had been at night when they had initially as well and she hadn’t noticed the beauty of outdoors. 
“Please, make yourselves at home. I’m sure you’re hungry. Come, sit at my table and break bread.”
Flossina’s stomach growled at the old woman’s invitation. Marlon looked at her then, then back at the old woman and said, “That will be fine.”
He took his cape off and Flossina followed his lead. They walked over to the large wooden table that sat beside a cobblestone hearth that had a few pots hanging over its fire. They both took a seat at the table, and the old woman served them trenchers filled with buttered bread, soup, and greens. Flossina had never been so hungry in all of her life. She devoured the soup and ate the greens. She was pleasantly surprised how delicious the meal had tasted. 
“That was delicious. Thank you.”
The old woman’s back was turned to her. She was stirring the various pots with different ladles and spoons.
“No need to thank me, Your Royal Highness.”
 The old woman knew who she was. She turned her head and looked at Marlon. He spoke then.
“This is Mila. Her family has been the protector of this Grove since your family became rulers of Zuff.”
Flossina nodded her head in understanding, but didn’t take her eyes off of the woman who was still seeing to the many pots hanging over the stove. He continued on.
“This place has been hidden since the war. Only the commander of the Collective knows its location. Mila has helped us when my healing skills can not.”
“Aye, after your mother married that brute I knew this would happen.” Flossina was shocked by the woman’s harsh tone. “King Fvendal, ha! That man was a bumbling idiot, and now he is a bumbling King. A murderer and a coward.” 
The old woman turned her gray eyes boring into Flossina. She didn’t like Flossina and her gaze was making her feel uncomfortable and unwanted in this small space. “I will not help any member of the Crown. No matter what he has told you.” She pointed her wooden spoon at Marlon. The woman held so much anger and contempt in voice. 
“I see. Please, ah forgive our intrusion.” She stood then making sure to grab her cloak. “Thank you for the meal.” she quickly left the cottage.
Flossina felt tears stinging her eyes as she walked down the dirt path. 
The old woman seemed so angry at her mother and the chaos that was ensuing because of her murder. It wasn’t her fault, she thought as she strode onward. Marlon had looked shocked at the old woman’s speech, but for some reason, Flossina wasn’t. She couldn’t blame the old woman for not wanting to help. It was not her fight. It was Flossina’s. 
She stopped and surveyed her surroundings. She stood by a babbling brook. The water was crystal clear. She could see the moss green stones at the bottom. She sat down in the soft grass. The sun seemed to shine warmly on her and she wished then that everything was different. She didn’t want to be a Queen. She wanted Marlon and the life they never could have together here. The General and her stepfather could kill each other over the crown for all she cared. She no longer wanted it. She just wanted peace and the love she needed. He still wouldn’t touch her and she needed affection right now, she thought. As she thinking the ground behind her trembled. She turned around to see it was Blaze. He was walking towards her. Her heart was beating through her chest. He now appeared to be running towards her. She stood up and braced herself for the impact. The large beast stopped in front of her but the momentum of his large body forced her to fall back into the stream. She let out a little scream when she felt herself falling that way. She braced herself for the impact of fall, but was surprised when the dragon used the tip of his large beak to gingerly catch her by her shirt. She opened her eyes when she noticed she did not fall. She felt the dragon’s hot breath and was shocked he had saved her. She had just been introduced to the animal just hours before,and yet he had grown fond of  her. He took a step back and she righted herself. The dragon let her go and she looked up into the great beasts black eyes. 
“Thank you, Blaze.” She smiled up at him and the patted the dragon between his eyes. “Are you enjoying the grove?” She asked him. 
The dragon snorted and Flossina took that as his way of saying ‘yes’.
“At least one of us is.” She said still petting him. She was enjoying the time she and the dragon were spending together. She heard a high-pitch whistle and the dragon lifted his head and turned in the direction of the sound. 
Marlon walked up on both of them.
Marlon had thought Blaze was just wandering the grove. He was pleasantly surprised when he saw Flossina standing beside him. He marveled at the short time it took the Princess to charm his dragon. It had taken him three years just to get close enough to the dragon and another year for the dragon to trust him, but here he was letting her pet him and stand directly beside him. She looked beautiful even with her brow furrowed with the worry. She was trying to conceal it from him. He knew Mila could be harsh. He hadn’t expected her to be that harsh and had given her an earful after Flossina had abruptly left. He knew his grandmother meant only to help him, but she could be very mean in the way she went about helping. She had already lost a son. She didn’t want to lose a grandson, but this was not her choice. It would seem that this was destiny stepping in and making sure things were righted. Blaze lowered his head and Marlon patted him. 
Flossina stood there quietly.
“I’m sorry.” Marlon apologized.
“It’s fine, I should be used to it.”
“No, no you shouldn’t. Mila is my grandmother. She is being overprotective and overly cautious.” He took her hand and pulled her to him. 
Blaze no longer was interested in the two and walked off once more disappearing into the thick botanical beauty. 
“She is your grandmother? Why didn’t you tell me? She must hate me-”
“Flossina, please. She hates everyone. Ever since my father was sent to the dungeon in Meadowbrooke. She blames him. She blames your family, and she blames me.”
“Marlon you were only a child.” 
What a sad way to grow up she thought. Knowing your grandmother blamed you for your father’s misfortune.
“She believes my quest to rescue my father and restore the Collective’s honor is one that will end with my death. She thinks nothing can change the irreparable damage that was made in the great war.”
“My mother told me all we truly had was the future. She use to say the past doesn’t matter. “
He hadn’t realized they were holding hands until now. He was happy for her comfort, but he knew he shouldn’t be touching her so freely. He let go and saw the glimmer of disappointment in her face. She turned her back to him and walked back over to the water she had been sitting at when Blaze had surprised her. 
“We have no choice in this matter you know. I have to make things right. No matter the cost.”She sounded somber.
He was standing beside her now. 
“No matter the cost? You really do believe that, don’t you Princess?”
She looked at him then and spoke, “Of course.”
He admired her confidence. He watched her intently as she took in the fresh air and the beauty they were surrounded in. 
“My Grandmother has agreed that we may spend the night here under a few conditions.”
“What were they?”
 “You must never tell anyone of this place, and you cannot show your gratitude towards her for saving your life.”
“The last one is a bit strange, but I will oblige her. Thank you, Marlon. I will repay you.”
“Restoring my mens honor is all the repayment I seek , Your Highness.”
“Then you shall have it. Hopefully, we will have more answers, soon.” She said, referring to their trip tomorrow.

Marlon couldn't agree more with that statement. He did need answers, more than the afterlife mumbo jumbo Flossina kept trying to feed him. He kept hearing about this 'Jewel of Humanity'.  More than thrice it had come up. The first time had been when speaking with his second in command, Deleav. The second and third time had been when he’d been in disguise as a soldier at Flossina's home. From what he had overheard from the soldiers it seemed to be a mix of folklore and legend. Some believed it to be true. Others believed it was something to give the people hope after a great loss. There were also a few that thought it to be a great and powerful weapon. A weapon that only the ruler of Zuff could utilize. Marlon had to know how it all worked because Flossina was tied to it, but how? He was so close to knowing the answer. He knew it. 
Hours later he watched her as she slept, still thinking about his plan. Tomorrow they would be one step closer to finding out the truth. 
He and Flossina had spent the day exploring the grove. After their nighttime meal, she had been exhausted from all of the exploring she had done with him and in no time was asleep on the bed upstairs in the room she had stayed in before. He had come in to just check on her but as usual, he couldn’t pull himself away from her.  She looked so peaceful. He took the cloak off of her she was curled up in and pulled the furs up around her. She didn’t stir. He then went downstairs. He couldn’t possibly sleep. Even though they were relatively safe he still felt he had to be on guard. They weren’t here by chance. Fate seemed to be keeping them together. This little cottage was where he had grown up. No one knew it existed, except his father. 
“You bring danger to my home.” His grandmother said to him as he crossed the room towards the only door in the cottage. 
He stopped when she blocked his path. She was a short, pixie of an old woman who never spoke unless she had to, and even then her words seemed to sear you from their bluntness and truth. He knew she had the gift of second sight. He had never wanted to hear his fate,but felt like maybe God wanted him to change it by listening to what it was. 
“So much danger.” She continued.
“I will fight and win. As I always do.” He said. His words filled with arrogance.
She outstretched her frail hand and placed it on his stubbly cheek. He leaned down to ease her strain.
“I see you surrounded alone in the darkness.”
He felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. Though he showed no outward emotion.
“You worry too much.” He said and kissed her on the forehead. “Everything will be fine.”
He walked past her and out of the cottage into the night.
“We will see Marlon. We will see…”



18- Journey to Awaken
The next day was long and arduous for Flossina. Marlon had them both dress up in disguises and ride a horse instead of Blaze. They left him behind. Flossina noticed he was quite alright with the arrangement and happily got into the nearby pond. He blended in with the jagged and green scenery as he curled himself up and only his back appeared out of the water,looking like a large boulder. Flossina was once again amazed at the marvelous creature. 
The nice old woman had packed them a satchel with wheat cakes, cheese, fruits, dates and flagons of water. Flossina thought the woman was sweet and delightful, before they had left she had sat her down and put salve on her scrapes and wounds. She noticed she had put a jar of it inside of the satchel. She wished she could repay the woman’s kindness. After the three hour horse ride they were finally on the Ferry Boat, almost on the opposite side of the river. She noticed it was just them, the ferryman, and their borrowed horse. 
She felt anxious. Marlon hadn’t really told her what was expected of her on this mission, and she wondered if he had a plan, then quickly shook away the doubt.He would have a plan. After leaving the ferry behind, and the ferryman a little richer, they trudged on. When she thought she could walk no more they came up on a cliff. She could see what looked like a town chiseled from stone surrounded by the Ocean in the distance ahead.
“Where are we?” She asked between her teeth. It was freezing as well.
“We are here. This is the gateway to Holy Man’s Isle.” He walked on along with the horse.
Flossina had never known an island existed here and she wondered why. She also had to admit that this was the longest shed been outside the castle in her life. She wondered how she’d ever lived the first two decades of her life. She was sitting on the horse amazed at the architecture of the stone island surrounded by the Sea. She felt as if something was pulling her there. The mist grew thicker the closer they got to sea level, and she felt a chill run through her. The closer they walked to the shore the darker it became. Flossina couldn't see anything by the time they reached the shore. She heard the horse give out a gruff nervous breath. She reached down and patted it,as she did she heard Marlon soothing the horse.
“Easy girl.”
They had stopped.
Flossina could hear the sound of the Ocean waves.
“It’s a cloaKing spell.” Marlon spoke finally, and she wondered how he knew what it was. 
She watched in the darkness and suddenly it was light made from a fire. She could see the horse and Marlon now. The small light gave off made the darkness and the fog seem even more prominent.
“How do we get across?” She asked quietly. “We can’t see a foot in front of our faces.”
“They should see our light.” He explained. Then stretched his arm over his head waving the torch back and forth slowly.
Flossina screamed at the sudden sight of  an old man appearing. He wore a monk’s robes. His eyes were sewn shut and his gaunt face made him look more ghost than man.
The horse jumped at her reaction and Marlon held the reins tight enough to reassure the animal.
“We seek passage to Holy Sancti Viri.” He informed the monk.
“Follow me.” He said as he turned. 
Marlon followed closely. 
Flossina was startled. She had heard of this place, but wondered how Marlon knew about it. It seemed anything but holy. The chilling darkness and the scary looking blind man. She had always been told by her mother to never judge a book by it’s cover. So she sat with her back ramrod straight and her mouth closed as Marlon lead them for several more feet. Marlon turned and helped her off of the horse. The monk now stood on a large boat. Bigger than the ferry and unlike any boat she had ever seen. It was black with dark leafing and patterns etched into the wood. She wished she had more light and more time to admire it. 
Marlon took hold of her hand as they walked onto the platform leading to the deck. They sailed in silence. Marlon seemed distracted. 
She felt memories of being on the papyrus boat wash over her. She had been too terrified to enjoy it. She knew she didn’t feel that way now because she was under Marlon’s protection. 
Forty-five minutes later they were on the island.The fog dissipated and the sky brightened. Flossina welcomed The warmth and sunshine. They were able to see the main chapel. It was at the very top of the stone monstrosity. 
“The horse won’t be able to make this climb.” Marlon informed her as he patted the animal, leaving it on the boat. 
Marlon spoke to the blind man then,“We will return.”
 He still had her hand in his as they began their journey up the steep,treacherous stone Island. Each step was taken with great care and their hands seemed to tense inside the others when balance or stability was. 
Flossina stopped looking down to see how far they had traveled in such a short time once she could no longer see the boat or their horse. 
Marlon wasn’t afraid. His gaze would momentarily look over at the Princess. She was climbing with an adeptness he never thought possible. They arrived on the doorstep. Both of their legs and arms burned from the climb. 
The doors slowly opened and they both gathered what little composure they could muster, and braced themselves for what was to come. Marlon put his hand on the hilt of his sword underneath the cloak he wore.
Two holy men stood in the entryway. One immediately stepped forward and walked in their direction and handed them wooden bowls filled with honeysuckle water. 
Flossina quickly drank hers while Marlon held his as he stared blankly at the monks.
“Welcome to Sancti Viri. May the God of all gods bless you and be among you. Please enter our court with happiness and our Sanctuary in praise.”
Flossina smiled, stepped forward and spoke. “We have-”
“Questions.” The other monk supplied.
She nodded ‘yes’.
“Please, come in.” 
They both stepped aside, and they all walked into the chapels atrium foyer. It was beautiful, sunny, and the birds in the trees sang a lovely song. They walked further still and could hear the prayer hymns being sung.
 Flossina felt different as the sacred music swirled about her. Her body hummed with a different vibration. She felt pulled to this place.
They continued further past the intricately designed chapel and down the stairs it was beautiful stone work, and the descent down them was as well. The art painted on the stone was masterfully done. He admired the architecture it was all so clever. 
Once they were in the heart of the chapel the monk who had first spoke to them announced. “His Holiness Valda.
They both watched on as a frail elderly man stepped forward. He was smiling at both of them.
“Please,come, sit.” He offered and the warmth he exuded was palpable. Marlon was still apprehensive about all of this. He recalled how to get out if anything went wrong. They seemed like kind holy men, but Marlon was all too familiar with wolves in sheeps clothing.
“We are here about the Jewel of Humanity.” Marlon spoke loudly and gruff. Hoping that statement would prick and enliven their true nature.
“I know nothing of it,” he said simply.
“You’re lying. Isn’t that a sin?” Marlon asked.
“I truly know nothing.”
The monks had grown silent now. the large stone room they stood in felt like a tomb now.
Marlon wanted to punch this man and get the truth out of him, but him being a man of the cloth saved him from such a fate. His patience was running short though and so was his time. 
Flossina could see the frustration and angst on Marlon’s face. He did hide it well in all fairness, but he was beginning to know him and it was becoming increasingly obvious to her. She could feel the tension between him and the monks surrounding the elder. She knew Valda was lying. She recalled her tutors speaking about all holy men taKing a vow to protect their beliefs and their faiths at all costs, even if extreme measures had to be used. She knew if Marlon provoked them any further they could retaliate. She needed to gain their trust quickly. She removed the hood of the cloak she wore and undid her hair. If fell just inches past her shoulders. 
“Please,Valda, we mean you no harm. I am Flossina Raelia. Heir and future ruler of these lands. My mother, Queen Bihadlly has been murdered by my stepfather, the King. He is after me and I need to know why. A few days ago I was held prisoner in my own home. While I was captive I met a holy man from your order. He told me of my mother and a stone. The Jewel of Humanity.” She felt the air in the room change and move and turn warm once again. Listening to her speak she saw Valda seemed no longer guarded. She continued,“He was very kind to me. He died trying to protect me. Please, I beg of you. Help us!” 
Marlon was taken aback at her ability to move a crowd. Her words were genuine and she didn’t sound like a Queen in that moment, only a girl who needed help. He admired that she was always genuine, kind, intelligent and beautiful. When he had rescued her from the tower he had seen the holy man she spoke of, and he wondered what it must have been like for her. The evidence showed on her face of what happened. He didn't have to wonder. He knew, and because he knew he wanted to kill them all for subjecting her to such cruel injustices. He brushed off his surge of anger.
“You speak of Baptiste. He was very valuable to our cause. He loved your mother like a big brother. Come, let us sit and speak freely.”
Marlon rolled his eyes at Valdars words, and followed the two to a nearby chamber. There, they removed their cloaks and sat down. Marlon kept his sword on and sat beside her. The holy man sat in front of them. A young steward, no more than ten summers came in holding a golden tray with small wooden bowls of more honeysuckle water. He placed the tray in the center of the round stone table they sat at and left. 
When the elder nodded his approval Marlon waited until the monk drank from his cup. Then he sipped the water and couldn't deny his own thirst any longer. He saw Flossina drinKing it from the corner of his eye. 
She was grateful for the refreshment.  When she finished the drink she placed it back down on the table and Valda began.
“To tell you the truth I must go back hundreds of years before your Kingdom existed. There was only one place that was filled with life everlasting and the power to change the world. The gods decided to leave just a piece of their power to a being they created to protect the world, us. So before departing they broke it up and made seven precious stones. Each stone holding infinite power. Each person given a great task and in doing those tasks their family received blessings, prosperity, and power. Your Kingdom was built upon this. Your mother’s family has been entrusted with this treasure, this secret, since the beginning of time. They have ruled longer than any Kingdom because of the stone. The other six stones have been lost. Some believe the gods took them back. Others say they were buried with the dead. In any case, the Jewel of Humanity is the last and only stone. Your mother figured out how to use it in combat.”
With those words being said everything made became clearer to her, but she asked the question anyway.
“Baptiste said she hid it inside of me. Is this true?”
“Yes.”
She was shocked by the validity of the news, but kept going. “Why?”
“It was the safest option at the time. None would have suspected it.”
“Safest option? I have people trying to kill me because of this thing ! They threatened to take it out while I was awake.”
“My child, you must remain strong. The stone can be removed, but only with your permission.”
Flossina didn't know whether to feel relieved or terrified. Things were becoming more complicated by the second. The holy man had told her the truth. 
The General was mad with power. He was the one orchestrating this entire thing. She needed to figure out how to use the stone.
“You said my mother knew how to use it in combat. Do you know what she did, or how she did it?”
“She and Baptiste kept recordings of it all and measured her progress.”
“Recordings? You mean journals? I know of my mother’s. She wanted me to retrieve it. I failed. I was captured before  I could read it, and I failed in saving Baptiste.” 
She shuddered to think about what had happened to the kind monk who she could never repay for his unfailing loyalty to herself, and her mother as well as her Kingdom. If things went back to normal she would definitely repay these men for their kindness. She had to stay hopeful. Her mother expected it.
The monk stood,then walked over to a table. He picked up a  blue leather book similar in design to her mother’s journal and held it up for them to see. He walked back over and sat it down on the table before them.
“This was Baptiste’s. They captured him in hopes he would have it on him. Both his and your mothers journal work together. Her journal held the ancient texts while his held the instructions.”
“For ultimate power.” She said.
“Or ultimate destruction.” Marlon finished.
She opened the book, and couldn’t understand the odd lettering and symbols written inside. She looked up at him.
“I can't read this. Is this how my mother’s is written as well?”
He nodded his head ‘yes’. “It is written in the ancient scribe. It is the language of your family. It is in your blood. To read it you must concentrate, and when the time is right it will reveal itself to you. I Will leave you two now, for I have told you all that I know. I encourage you to stay here for the night,Your Highness. I will have more refreshments brought to you both,” and with that he stood up and left the chamber.
Flossina had been overwhelmed at all the information he had divulged, but she still continued.
“Are you alright?” Marlon asked and thanked her mother for choosing him to protect her daughter.
“I’m fine.” She lied. 
She didn't need to worry him any further than she already had. She opened the book, and as if that was his cue he stood up and left the chamber as well. She would need her full concentration and there was really nothing more he could assist her with at this moment. They had discovered the answers, and by the sullen look on her face maybe it wasn’t the answers she thought she would hear.
The Jewel of Humanity was real, but it was unlike anything he had ever heard of. He had come to learn the great Queen had been more powerful than her beauty and grace once had the people to believe. He also felt that hearing this information helped them both understand who was really behind the Princesses near fatal attack. All fingers were pointing to General Torunn. Marlon felt strangely about all of it. He had another job to complete and this escapade,however informing it was, was taKing up his precious time. Whatever went on he would protect her and keep her safe. That was his vow...
 Flossina stared at the symbols etched on the page. They looked more like lines with symbols. She turned the page and read the words.
‘Only when her heart is truly broken and all hope gone can the stone be used for the reckoning.’
 The words resounded within her, but she didn’t know why. She read on and on until she heard the night hymns. They reminded her of home. She felt closer to Baptise now. She had read his words. He had talked about her mother, and their successes. 
She closed the book and stood up then. Her legs aches and tingled from sitting so long. She could still hear their song. It filled the air and made it feel alive with the presence of a higher power. She decided she needed some fresh air. She walked until she was back at the atrium. 
It was dusk, and the flowers were half closed. She could smell the ocean air, and with each breath she felt herself feeling overwhelmed. She had to keep going. She wanted to find justice, but it all seemed like it came at a very high cost, and she was very ill prepared to pay it. 
“Are you alright?”
She jumped at the sound of Marlon’s voice.
“Yes. I’m alright.”
She hugged herself hoping it would stop her from wanting his touch, it didn't help. He stepped forward and she thought he looked handsome in the moonlight. His long hair was neatly tied behind his neck. His yellow eyes were watching her intently. Why couldn't he understand how much she felt for him? 
“Did you find what you were looking for ?” He asked. 
“I don’t know. It's all in code, except for few sections here and there.”
She didn’t want to give away too much about what she had read inside of it. She didn’t know how he would handle it.
“We don’t have much time. My men are on their way.”
“On the way? So soon?”
“They have been ready for this mission for years we are going to rescue my father.”
Once again her heart sank. She had thought he meant to help her regain her crown.
“Oh, yes, I see.”
“The monks have been very kind , but we can't stay here long.”
“Wha- but I must, I have to find a way to get the stone to work.”
“We won’t need it. My men are skilled. Once we have my father on our side we will be able to defeat them.”
She didn’t feel sure of the words he told her.  His were telling her something different altogether. She knew he was hiding something.  She heard him let out a shrill high pitched whistle. They stood in silence watching as the sky became darker and darker. Moments passed, then Blaze materialized in the night sky. He guided her towards where the dragon landed, which was fifty feet away from the chapel. They were back in the air in no time. Flossina’s mind drifted back to poor Baptiste and the eery words he had written. She prayed it would never come to that.


19-The Fake Ally
Castle MeadowBrook

General Torunn was not in a good mood. He hadn't been since the Princesses unexpected and rather dramatic escape. Not to mention, she had scoffed at his marriage proposal. He was furious at her disdain and wanted to make her pay. He just had to find her. He had over two hundred soldiers scouring the Kingdom and countryside for the past three days now and still, no luck.
He watched, as the King was deteriorating before him. He had never thought the Jimson weed he had the palace healer prescribe for him would make him deteriorate so quickly. His thoughts went back to the Princess and the power he knew she possessed and he would possess, once he possessed her. 
He had tried reading the late Queen’s journal, but it was no use. It was all owls and lines and symbols. He had needed the help of that damned Royal Chancellor turned holyman, Baptiste who died in his captivity the same night that little bitch Princess had escaped. He had hoped he would tell him the ancient secrets, but the monk had been tougher in keeping those secrets than he had imagined. He had been furious with him and his torturing methods got ‘intense’ . His plan was falling apart.
 He took a seat on the throne positioned directly in the center of the large gold laden room. He was looking ahead contemplating his next steps when he noticed his guards were walKing towards him with a man in their clutches. When they reached him they pushed the man forward. 
He fell to his knees.
The guard on the left spoke. “General, this man says ever since the attack on the tower the town healer has gone missing.”
The General said nothing. He didn’t want to get too excited if this was another dead end lead. The soldier continued.
“We also searched the healer’s shop, and we found this.”
He took a step forward and handed it to the General. 
He surveyed it. 
It was a signet ring with swords crossing over a heart. It was the Royal Crest of the collective, a group of disbanded royal assassins, said to be the deadliest in the land. He turned the ring over in his hands examining it closely. He would have to best this man. He was skilled in the art of blending in and killing. After finding his two unconscious soldiers he knew he had possibly met his match. He himself had killed those guards after.
He would become the next ruler of Zuff. He would have the Princess and her power at all cost. He knew they were close to finding out where they were located. He wouldn’t stop searching. Just as he dismissed the guards with the apothecaries neighbor in tow he saw his second in command striding toward him.
“We have news, General.”
The General smiled. “Well, don’t keep me waiting all day!”
He nodded and spoke more. “The third sentry you sent out has spotted a camp close to the shore of Vitality.”
“And how many men ?”
“Sir, they counted under two hundred.”
“Could there be more?”
“Aye, Sir. The troops say that before they came across them they found a barrier on the edge of the borderlands. Something wants us to not go past it,Sir.”
“Not something Blake, someone.”
“Sir, you don’t think…” He trailed off forgetting the Commander did not speak to him directly, therefore he was to not speak. He swallowed hard in relief when he saw his Commander and General not bat an eye at the small misstep. Instead, he finished the man’s sentence.
“Yes it’s the Collective. They’re coming for him.” 
The General felt numb to this news. He had been the one who had the King disband them once he had secured his position as General immediately after the war. His plan had taken years. He had risked everything. 
The good King Tehxadlayk had died by his hands and the blame had placed on the SheHaalte’s King’s brother, Prince Yupta. Fvendal never did have the stomach for murder, but Torunn always had. He had been careful in concealing it and making sure everyone’s blame was misplaced beautifully, but that damned Fvendal got drunk with the Leader of the Collective, unbeknownst to him and foolishly spoke out of turn. Telling him their plans. 
He recalled how he had beat him bloody for that mistake.The General once more had to do what he did best, which was manipulate people, and so he did. He framed the leader of the collective and said he was a spy corroborating with the SheHaalte’s, as well as being responsible for the King’s death. 
The Queen had been pregnant with the Princess and she barely survived the news. The news spread like wildfire and the bloodshed increased. The war accelerated just as he hoped. It was him that had orchestrated the entire war that Made Fvendal a King and hero to the great Queen Bihadly of Zuff. He had watched from a distance as Fvendal came to the Queen’s rescue in her most vulnerable state and rose to great heights of success in her eyes. After they had destroyed the remaining SheHaalte’s the Queen and newly crowned King were forever in his debt. They rewarded his ‘unfailing loyalty’ by making him General and High Commander of the Zuff Army 
Nineteen years in the scope of it all wasn’t such a long time to wait when it came to having power. Fvendal was almost completely mad from the drugs ever since he believed he played a part in her murder. Torunn had to take credit for that as well. He had watched the Princess blossom into a beautiful young woman and at the same time learned about her secret. The Jewel of Humanity locked within her. Since becoming King his partner had grown complacent in the wealth and power he had. The General however knew there was another power. A stronger power, and he wanted it. He deserved it more than anyone else he had convinced himself of it. All he needed now was the Princess's affections. She was disgusted by him. He had no idea why. He knew he was handsome and courageous and brave. He led a Royal Army. He was everything women wanted. He chalked it up to her royal lineage and breeding. He wondered if she recalled the torture his men had put her through before he knew how to get the stone out of her. Twice now she had evaded death.He had to give her credit for that. The General knew the only way to get her to admit her defeat was once he wed her and she saw the power she wielded. No one understood power and the darkness it could sometimes bring with it like him. The Collective had obviously not disbanded and were threatening on ruining his plans over an old fool locked away in the dungeon rotting now for the past two decades. Such loyal idiots, he thought. It would be the death of them.
“Were our troops seen by them?”
“No Sir. What would your orders be General?”
“Kill them all except their second in command. Make that happen tonight. I will be there at camp shortly. Is that all?
“No Sir, there is more.”
“Speak then Blake, you are trying my patience !”
“They also found the princess and her rescuer the same day.”
That news made the General stand up quickly and take a step down.
 The soldier nodded, turned around and left the chamber. 
Yes, this would not get in the way of his plans. He would get rid of that damned meddlesome healer and kill every last one of the people in the Collective. He strode out of the throne room feeling a little better about how his day was going after all...
***********
Marlon and Flossina now walked along the beachfront. She was happy to be on land again. She had to admit there was something about being on a dragon that she thoroughly enjoyed. The wind in her hair. ‘The poignant feeling of being alive and in the moment, flying above everyone and everything. Her legs felt strong now that she walked in the sand. They no longer had the horse. Marlon seemed to be moving quick, but she knew he was probably strategizing and she didn’t really feel like talKing since she had read Baptiste’s journal. They walked in silence but together. He never walked ahead of her and she never fell too far behind. They reached the top of the last dune that distinguished the entrance to the woods from the shoreline. She was grateful for that sight. She knew they would be able to rest soon. They trudged on. The sand became a floor of vines and dead leaves, which then turned into leaves and wooden branches.
Marlon had a feeling his men would be waiting for him in the location they had discussed previously. He gave off a bird call and it echoed in the trees. Seconds later, he received a matching one, letting him know they were in fact there. He did the birdcall once more and once again, seconds later, there was a matching call. He took her by the hand and they walked quickly through the woods, going in deeper and deeper, almost to where the sunlight couldn’t get into the woods. 
Then she saw it, an opening that resembled a magical door made out of willow leaves. She gripped Marlon’s arm at the sight she saw before her. In front of them stood the General and in front of him kneeling facing them was Deleav, beaten and bloodied. His hands bound behind his back. His shirt soaked in his own blood. A sword was held to his throat at a ready position.
It took every ounce of strength Marlon possessed not to fight and to remain calm. He saw the look of dread on Flossina’s face as she came face to face with her tormentor who once again seemed to succeed in besting her. They looked around the camp and saw the dead bodies of Marlon’s men strewn everywhere. 
Flossina felt sick to her stomach. This was all so hard to accept. She had escaped him. She had found out the truth. She and Marlon were going to defeat the General and her Stepfather, the King, but it didn't appear to be going that way. Here he was once again, appraising her like fine jewelry as they walked further into the camp. When they were ten feet away he spoke to them then.
“That’ll be far enough you two. If you please, Healer drop your weapon.” 
Marlon wanted to punch him in his smug face for killing all of his men and now torturing the last of them, his best friend. He listened and dropped his sword and knives as the arrogant General spoke more. “You made the right decision. Now Healer, or should I say assassin? Yes Assassin sounds better.” He began again. “It’s very simple. Your man’s life for the Princesses. If you hand her over to me right now I swear to you, you and your second in command will be spared.”
“And if I say ‘no’ ”
“Then your mate’s head is going to roll of of his shoulders in front of you and the Princess,” he said it with an evil smile directed at her. 
Flossina thought the terms of the trade were awful and her skin was crawling at the thought of what he would do once she was in his clutches now, but she couldn’t be a coward and let Marlon lose the very last person he had in his corner for her. Too many had already died, her mother included. 
She stepped forward and Marlon’s vice like grip caught her wrist before she could take a further step.
“What are you doing?” He asked as if the General wasn’t standing inches away with Deleav on his knees. 
“I am doing what must be done.” She looked into his eyes and she saw it then. His love for her. 
He looked vulnerable now as if the word she had just said sliced through his armor and straight to his heart. She stilled her emotions behind her inner wall of regality. She still would not give the General the satisfaction of seeing her look defeated or distraught in his presence.
She turned back towards him and kissed him quickly on the lips. The kiss took him by surprise and his grip loosened from her wrist. She framed his chiseled scruffy looking face in her hands before whispering
“I’m sorry,” and she ran towards General’s side before he could grab her.
It had worked. 
She stood mere inches in front of Deleav and her heart ached for the man. His eyes were swollen shut and the blood was beginning to dry. This was all her fault. She had to right this once and for all. She looked at the General, then turned around to see Marlon. He had not moved from his position. He stood there wide stanced, waiting. She turned back to the General who was once again appraising her in that disgusting fashion he had done when she was home. 
“We had a deal. Let him go.” She commanded. She hoped her voice sounded strong and not in the least scared. She was however, more so for Marlon and his friend than anything. There seemed to be a long pause before the General spoke and released Deleav.
“As you wish.” He removed the sword from Deleav’s throat and cut his ropes with it. 
Deleav quickly got up and half stumbled walked over to Marlon. 
“Take her to the carriage !” The General commanded, and three soldiers appeared. 
One shackled her ankles while another shackled her wrists. They hurriedly walked her to the royal carriage. She didn’t say a word to any of them. Just walked as quickly as they did until she was seated in the carriage. She had rode in this carriage with her mother one other time when they had visited a neighboring Kingdom. 
 The three guards were still there carrying out their orders. Would she ever see Marlon again? She wondered. She hoped she would. She had grown accustomed to him rescuing her and protecting her. She heard voices from far off and knew the General was coming this way. She stilled herself again as the door opened and he got inside of the carriage. She sat as far back in her seat as she could. He seemed to deliberately take up the space in the carriage, making it seem more crowded than ever. 
“Welcome home Your Royal Highness.” he said sarcastically. 
She said nothing.
He banged on the carriage top and in seconds it jerked into motion.
“His Majesty will be so pleased that I've finally found you. You will not escape me again.”
She smiled at that.
“How's your head?” She asked referring to the brutal kick she had given him that had knocked him unconscious minutes prior to her rescue.
He yanked her chains and she fell to her knees in the floor of the carriage, hard. He saw the fear in her eyes and it fueled him more. 
She was in between his legs now looking up at him. He had a sinister grin on his face and she almost regretted reminding him of his shame...almost. 
“Aren’t you such a clever little bitch. You are mine now. All mine. Your lover and his friend are both dead, just like the rest of that measly band of brothers.”
That news shocked her and she felt numb.
“That’s right. Let the news sink in.” He continued. “No one is coming to your aide. You have no choice now but to concede to me and my will. I will be King if Zuff  and you will be my Queen, and I will have the Jewel.”
“Never !” She yelled and he backhanded her hard.
The swift, hand motion made her fall back onto her leather seat. She rubbed her cheek.
“Get up. Act like royalty for god’s sake.” 
She quickly righted herself in her seat and looked down at her lap. Marlon was dead. The only other person who was her ally no longer existed. She was alone in this world now and the fate of her life rested in her own hands. It took everything she had not to burst into tears. She knew that was his reason for saying and doing the things he had done. It was to control and manipulate her. The General enjoyed wielding fear and control, and it seemed to be worKing for him. She wondered if her stepfather was oblivious to the power he had seemed to collect. She would find a way to stop them both, and a way to free Marlon’s father. She wished she knew the man's’ name, but it was of little consequence. She would find out and set everything right, not just for her family legacy, but for his as well…


20-Death’s Task
Marlon knew he did not  survive the arrows the General had sent in his direction, and from the look of his surroundings his assumption had been correct. He was shocked to see he was wearing nothing but  a white linen loincloth with a gold belt and white sandals on his feet. Marlon stood in a long hall supported by gigantic gold columns. It all appeared to be floating in white matter, which he noticed was bright but not blinding. He saw at the far end of the hall a young boy with green skin sitting on a golden throne. He was Royalty. Standing on the left side of the large golden throne was Zuff’s late Ruler, Queen Bihadlly, Flossina’s mother. He slowly turned around and noticed he was surrounded by forty-two other beings, who looked and dressed similar to the young King. They were seated on benches that spanned the length of the room. They sat motionless, unseeing and unfeeling, only looking to the throne and not at him. 
Marlon then noticed a tiny, sweet looking Baboon sitting atop a large golden scale that was placed  thirty feet in front of the throne. Marlon had an uneasy feeling about all of this. 
“Hello!” He said and it came out more like a yell. His own echo surrounded him and resonated in the hall. “Where am I ?” He asked aloud.
A striKingly beautiful, bald, egyptian woman appeared before him. He took a step back in alarm at the magic he had just witnessed with his own eyes.
“Please, Marlon. Do not be frightened. I am here to help you on your journey.”
“My journey? To where?”
“Back to her.” She said plainly.
He wondered how she knew about Flossina. Was he truly dead or just dreaming? He had stupidly let the Princess walk back into the General’s clutches, while managing to get himself and his friend murdered. The thought of what had occurred  made him wonder where his friend and partner, Deleav was.
“Where is Deleav?” He asked the woman.
She didn’t seem bothered by his frantic tone. She was quite the opposite,in fact, she appeared calm, calculating and was watching him intently. Her makeup was done in the traditional Egyptian way. Her bright emerald blue eyeshadow contrasted with the black coal eyeliner that outlined her perfect almond shaped aqua blue eyes. She wore a gold beaded halter top. A pure gold scarab medallion rested in between the valley of her perfectly formed breasts. Her bottom half was covered up by  a long, sheer, white colored skirt. Her feet were bare of any shoes. They were covered in gold henna tattoos. She was beautiful, and when he looked into her eyes he felt a surreal calmness overtake him. Who was she ? Why was he here? 
“Where am I?” He asked himself aloud. 
“You are in the afterlife.” She answered simply and continued, “You did not survive. Neither did your friend. My brother would like to help you.”
“Who is your brother?”
She stepped aside and his line of vision was again directly staring at the solemn faced boy King that sat on the gold throne.
“He is King Osiris, Lord and Ruler of the Afterlife, the Underworld, and the dead.”
He noticed Queen Bihadlly stood by the god Kings side looking stoic, and he felt compelled to go to her.
He felt terrible now for not believing Flossina when she had told him she had spoke with her mother before. He recalled he had brushed it off as nonsense and made her feel like she was going mad because of the potions he had given her. Standing here seeing the Queen’s regal beauty and the striKing resemblance to the woman he loved, he felt like a giant ass, and knew without a doubt he had to get back to her to help her. 
“That is my sister Khepri, Goddess of rebirth, the sunrise and scarab.” The Kings voice echoed around them. 
Then he stood and it felt as if he was in front of Marlon standing beside Khepri before Marlon could register what he had said to him. He was a god and Marlon felt humbled and shocked. He had never thought any of the old stories about gods and deities were real, only something the Royals used to control the people, but standing here now he had no choice but to believe. He watched as the young man who wore nothing but a Nemes with the false beard, a white linen Shendyt with a heavy gold belt, and a gold medallion with gold gladiator sandals. He wore long golden rings fashioned as talons on his right hand and they reminded Marlon of weapons. He watched as the King left Khepri’s side, went over to the giant golden scales, and retrieved the Baboon from it, placing it on his shoulder, while feeding it a piece of fruit that materialized in his hand.
He looked at Marlon and spoke again. “This is my brother Thoth, god of the moon and wisdom. When it suits him he changes form and sits atop his scale sometimes.”
Marlon was puzzled.
The young King continued, “This scale will decide your eternal fate. Should you fail the test, you will experience pain unlike anything you have imagined.”
Marlon noted the calmness in which the young King spoke the solemn words. He was to be judged here and now.
“But Your Majesty…why am I here?”
“To save The Jewel of Humanity, and Princess Flossina of course. I summoned your ba here and now you will do my bidding if you wish me to resurrect you and your friend, so that you may gain vengeance and defeat the General and the King. I am the god of regeneration, resurrection, and transition. There are rules in the afterlife just as there are in the land of the living. I may only bring you back to life after you have proven to me that your heart is not weighed down by darkness.”
Marlon swallowed hard. That was all it seemed his life had been about. Surviving darkness. His mother dying and leaving him at such a young age,then losing his father in the Great war. It had all changed him into the hardened man he was. He didn’t know if he would be able to complete the tasks, but for Flossina he would do whatever King Osiris commanded him to do. He was already dead he conceded what was the worst that could happen.
“I humbly accept your offer King Osiris.” He knelt in front of the King then.
That gesture pleased Osiris and he could hear the applause and howls from the other deities and gods that sat in the room looking on. 
Khepri was still at his side. She was quiet and intently watching the exchange between her brother and the mortal man.
“Arise.” King Osiris said, and Marlon did as he was commanded. “Queen Bihadlly believes in you, and if she does, then so will I.” With those words he was gone.
Khepri turned to him then and he watched as she held her hands out in front of her with her palms facing upward. A golden glow encased them and faded. In its place sat a small, thick, golden book. 
“You will need this for your journey.” She handed it to him.
He took it and felt its weight. He tried to open it but it didn’t budge. 
Khepri smiled.“It will only open when you need it. It is called the book of the dead.When Kong’s are buried they are given one to assist them on their journey here. Every spell and lamentation you will need to help you on this journey is written inside of it. Everything you will need is within this book, and within you. All things are possible. Who you are is limited by who you think you are. Remember that.” She said, more of a command than a suggestion. 
She walked with him across the long corridor until they were standing in front of  a large golden gate with the exact same symbol and signs he saw appear on the cover of the his book. The symbols glowed.
 “It has begun. You will have three challenges. Each gate signifies a challenge. This is the first. Do not assume that because this challenge is the first it will be the simplest. On the contrary, it could be the hardest one. Always be sure of yourself and always follow your heart. Peace be with you Marlon. May your love for the Royal family prevail through these trying times.”
 She placed her jeweled hand on his cheek and smiled at him, as if she knew something he did not. She stood back and the gate began to open. 
Marlon said nothing. What was there to say? This goddess had just given him instructions on a game he was to play. A game he had never heard of. She didn’t look worried that his entire fate rested in completing these ‘trials’. He hoped she was right. He felt odd now. In times of uncertainty, stress, or danger he had always had a weapon handy, but now he stood  only with a small golden book that he didn’t know how to open. This felt like a cosmic joke. 
Osiris was doing this for his and the other god’s amusement surely thought Marlon. He was no King, just a killer. He noticed he was inside of yet another long dimly lit corridor with large oil lamps giving it some light. He took a deep breath and walked further into the room. As he did the large gate closed with surprising speed behind him. Marlon was no longer wearing his burial linens. He was wearing an egyptian army uniform. On his head he wore a Gold padded helmet. His chest was covered in a black leather cuirass trimmed in gold, along with a neck protection piece. On his right arm he wore a gold wrist guard and on the lower half of his muscular torso he wore a black linen kilt. He still held the gold book in his hands.
There was the sound of loud drums pounding. He quickly scanned the room and noticed it had turned into an arena. the motionless gods now filled the seats the surrounded the amphitheater. Their uncaring eyes looked on as he stood there dumbly. Marlon had no idea what to expect  but his senses felt aware and he felt his stance change to defensive as the gate on the opposite end of the corridor opened. 
He heard King Osiris’ booming voice then. “Your first trial in the Hall of Justice.” 
He watched as a large, muscular, Egyptian soldier made of pure gold walked forward holding a spear and shield in his hands. Marlon felt  like he was at a definite disadvantage. They stared into each other’s eyes as they slowly began circling each other. Marlon didn’t know if his weapons would work. He had never fought someone made out of pure gold. The drums  beat sped up faster and faster and faster until they stopped. In a split second the gold soldier swung his strong muscular arm forward, launching his spear in Marlon’s  direction. With lightning speed reflexes Marlon moved out of the way. The spear lodged inside the ground where he had been once standing. The golden soldier let out a battle cry that seemed to enliven the gods that surrounded them. Marlon didn’t know this was what they meant by his ‘journey’. He was very skilled in the art of fighting, but he didn’t know if he could best him. He would try to stand his ground.
 They were circling each other now. His focus was on not getting pinned and ending this first test as quickly as possible. He had to give it to Khepri she had been right. This already became difficult. He saw his move then and closed the space between them by giving the gold soldier a roundhouse kick that landed on its right jaw. Marlon landed on his feet and continued to punch the figure. His hands moved quick, but not quick enough to evade the soldiers grasp. He had Marlon by his arm and he felt it being manipulated to move in an awkward angle. He ground his teeth at the pain. He caught the soldier off guard and kicked the soldiers knee with all his might. He let him go only stunned. He backed away from him and looked at the golden book he was still holding. A lock and a latch appeared. He touched the lock and felt a prick on his finger. Then it opened. 
The book morphed into a golden semicircular battle axe. The golden soldier appeared to fear the weapon the book had just conjured for him and Marlon used its fear to his advantage. He swung it skillfully as if he had used one regularly. He had always been adept in handling weapons. The soldier backed away until he was standing close by the audience. With one mighty swing Marlon cut off the soldier's head and gold sputtered everywhere. He watched as the deity's stood up out of  their seats. He heard their mumbles when he thought he should have heard cheers. Then  He heard a singular clap. He turned around and looked in that direction to find it was King Osiris himself clapping for him. Seconds later everyone else followed suit and began to clap for him. The King held up his hand and the arena was gone and once again he was standing beside Khepri and King Osiris in front of another gate. 
“The second trial. The desert of Sorrow.” He continued.“You are special Marlon. I can see why the beautiful Queen Bihadlly chose you for her daugter.” He walked back to his throne. Once he was situated. He held up his hand again and this time the gate opened. 
Marlon felt like he was getting closer to the Princess with each task he accomplished this was the second one, and he hoped he would be able to face whatever came his way. For both of their sake…


21-Prisoner In Body & Mind
The trip back to castle Meadowbrooke had taken half a day’s ride. They had rode fast and hard, arriving at the castle when it was night, and in half the time it usually took to arrive there. Her home seemed so foreign to her now. It seemed darker and less magical than it had been when she was just a little girl growing up here. The carriage ride had been a silent one. The General had made sure she was uncomfortable the entire trip by staying stretched out inside of the small, confined space, and using the majority of her seat as a footrest for his dirty boots. To avoid them she had to sit to the far right of her seat. Cramped in a corner of the carriage. 
Shortly after arriving home the General, along with his guards, escorted her to her Royal chambers.  She noticed two large soldiers standing in front of her doors. The General wasn't taKing any more chances with her since her last escape. That thought made her recall Marlon rescuing her from the tower not so long ago. She felt the pain of her loss come on strong and felt  the unshed tears coming. She had to hold them back a little while longer, for her sake. The General couldn't know how much Marlon had truly meant to her and in the short time she had known Marlon he had come to mean more to her than anyone alive. She had never denied it with him. He was the one who felt she was too good for him. 
Once inside her bedroom suite he spoke to her then. Her back was to him. She didn’t want to look at him. He was the man who had murdered the man she had loved, less than forty-eight hours ago.
“Welcome home, Princess,” he said. His tone laced with discontent. One of the men unlocked her shackles. She rubbed her wrists and surveyed her surroundings as the guard continued to unlock the ones on her ankles. “As you can see your rooms are still in tact. I have allowed you one lady’s maid to tend to your personal needs. You will not leave this room without my permission.” He was standing behind her closely now. She could feel his breath on her shoulder. “You are mine now. I have the power to make your stay here very comfortable, or very unpleasant. The choice is yours.”
She listened to his smug speech and realized he enjoyed talKing to her as he did. She then turned her face to look up at his. She wanted to spit in his face, but instead she just spoke.
“I will obey you, General.” Her eyes were dull. She looked defeated.
He pulled her close to him. They were face to face, mere inches apart. He stared into her eyes. He was searching for something. Seconds passed when he seemed to have snapped out of his trance. It was as if he had just noticed his men were still in the room with them. He let her go and walked out. She watched them all follow after him. She felt the nervous knots in her stomach relax once she heard  the last soldier shut her chamber doors. She finally exhaled, not realizing she had been holding her breath this entire time. With the room being so full she hadn’t noticed her lady’s maid. She stood by her hope chest against the wall across from where Flossina stood. She thought the General was joKing. All she saw was a young girl with a long raven black braid pinned into a bun atop her head. She looked no more than thirteen.
“You are my lady’s maid? ” Flossina asked her. She had already knew the answer but she tried to keep the attention off her. She felt enraged and numb. This was a child, and Marlon had only been protecting her. General Torunn was a horrible man. She had to defeat him. She didn’t know how but she knew she had to start thinKing of a plan. So for that moment she pasted a smile on her face, knowing it would ease the tension that was slowly building. Could she trust this child? 
“Yes, Your Royal Highness. My name is Alexi.” The girl answered.
“You may call me Flossina, Alexi.” She offered.
“With all due respect, Your Royal Highness. I can’t. My mother would be upset if I spoke to Royalty so plainly, Ma'am.”
Listening to  how precocious this young girl was, and hearing how fond she was of  her mother made her smile. 
“Yes, You do.” She agreed. “ It sounds as if you have a very good mother. You speak very highly of her.” She complimented the girl. 
Smiling  was becoming less forced now for her. She didn’t want to smile. She wanted to scream, and escape. Instead, she held her smile in place.
“Thank you,Your Highness. Would you care to freshen up after your journey?”
“That sounds... welcoming... and again, please, call me Flossina.”
“There’s one already waiting for you, Your....er Flossina.” She corrected herself. 
 Flossina walked into the adjoining room where she saw the large copper tub placed in the middle of her dressing room.  The girl was about to assist her in disrobing when Flossina held up her hand to stop her movements.
“That will be all Alexi. Thank you.”
The girl curtsied and quickly exited the room. 
She waited until she heard her bedroom door close before she disrobed and stepped into the hot water. She had to admit to herself that this small luxury felt wonderful. She tried to wash away the memories of the last seventy two hours. Scrubbing her skin until it stung from the rose scented soap. She couldn’t hold them in any longer. He was gone. She was trapped. She had no one to blame but herself. She thought she had done the right thing by asKing the General to spare their lives in exchange for her own, but it hadn’t been. She should have known through her own experience that the General was not  kind, or fair. He was selfish and power hungry.  As a Queen she should have some semblance of wisdom, or even a plan to further her legacy. She felt unprepared, scared, and alone without him or her mother's guidance. She had avoided the dreaded loneliness she had managed to avoid since she awoke and heard the horrible news about her mother until now. The tears were spilling out now as the overwhelming feelings swarmed around her. She brought her knees up to her chest and gently rested her forehead on them while she quietly cried.
 Twenty minutes later her lady’s maid returned with a large drying cloth for her. She felt weak from all the crying she had done and she hoped Alexi wouldn’t notice. She wrapped the garment around her and dried herself off. She put on her favorite nightgown, which was a lavender color silk chemise. Alexi had pulled her bedcovers back for her.
“If that will be all, Flossina.”
“Yes, thank you for your kindness.”Flossina said.
She saw the girl blush under her compliments. She curtsied once more and left the room. 
She was alone and a prisoner once more. There was no one coming to rescue her and take her away. She would have to do this on her own she thought and yawned as she settled into her soft comfortable bed. She wouldn’t become a victim to the General or anyone else. She was the future Queen by birthright, she had to start acting like it. 
The next few days that followed for Flossina were anything but normal. She was woke up every morning before dawn by Alexi. Each morning seemed earlier than the next. She was given only a single dress to wear. It was made out of gold velvet and was deep plunging and very form fitting. It tighter than her mother would have allowed. She wore no jewels except for her matching gold tiara, and her feet were bare. She figured it was to keep her from escaping. He was clever, she gave him that. Alexi had helped her get ready as fast as she could the second morning, but it was no use. They weren’t fast enough. General Torunn came barging into her room the second the bells tolled for dawn. His unannounced arrival made both of them  jump. She saw the fear fill the young girl's eyes. She knew she couldn't show it in hers. He stood in the center of the room looking much like he always did, pleased with himself. 
“Come here, girl !” He commanded Alexi. 
She obeyed with haste. She stood a few feet in front of him. He immediately backhanded the girl across her on her face, hard. The sound echoed inside Flossina’s quiet chambers. She watched for any sign of distress from her lady’s maid, who was now being unfairly punished right before her very eyes. The girl didn’t make a sound, just took the beating. Flossina was impressed at her strength. 
The General spoke. “Don't ever keep me waiting for Her Royal Highness again!” 
“I’m sorry, General. Please, forgive me. It won't happen again Sir. Your Highness is ready.”
She slowly backed away from him and stood behind the Princess. 
Flossina watched in shock at how callous and cold hearted the General was being to this young girl. He showed no mercy. No compassion. He was a monster.
“Princess Flossina, come, we have much to discuss.” His eyes were scanning her body in this horrible gown he was making her wear.
 She wanted to cause him harm. She didn’t though. She just stared at him, not trusting his motives.
 He reassured her then. “Princess, no handcuffs. No guards. Just you and I, talKing.” His tone still sounded oily to her. 
“Talk of what pray tell, General?”
“Your future.” He said simply.
Those words got her thinKing. She hadn't been thinKing about her future in the same way he had. She had been in survival mode for a while now. 
“Come.” He commanded and began to leave her room. 
She followed him out her room, down the hall and winding stairs, and into the grand meeting hall. It was a room her mother had utilized only for social and political gatherings with other Royalty. Everything inside of the large beautifully decorated room was covered in white linens. 
Flossina recalled playing and hiding in this very room when she was a little girl. Now it felt different, she thought as she watched the General removing sheets from the furniture in the room. He unveiled a rather long dining room table. It looked as if it could seat at least fifty people. She stood on one side of the table and he stood on the other directly across from her. 
“I always did enjoy this room the most.” He commented, breaKing the silence. “A shame your mother never really used it.” 
She said nothing, just looked at him. He was trying to appeal to her emotions.
 “Flossina-”
“You do not have the right to call me that General.”
“Don’t I?”
“No.”
“Yes I do. Do you know why? Because you’re mine now, Princess.”
“May I leave now?” She asked, sounding like she was bored.
“You will want to talk to me about this eventually.” He smirked.
She wanted to slap it off his face.
“And I want to talk about it now. So you can either listen,or I can make you listen. It's all up to you, Flossina.”
She hated to hear him use her birth name. It sounded nothing like how it had when it rolled off of Marlon’s lips. Her thoughts kept coming back to Marlon, and him not being here. She heard the threatening edge in his words and looked at him then. His gray eyes were cold. 
“Flossina, do you want to live or die ?” 
She didn’t know how to answer that. 
These past few weeks had been a whirlwind of emotion and all those emotions seemed to lead to the inevitable one, loss. The loss of her mother, her love, and her Crown. She stared at him as he closed the space between them. She thought he was about to say something else to her but then one of his guards walked in. She noticed he was holding the chains she had worn when she had first arrived. She wondered what was to happen next. 
The General saw his man and signaled him to step forward.
“Chain her.” He said, and the soldier worked quickly in securing her wrists and ankles. 
The gold chains weighed her down. The soldier stood ramrod straight looking straight ahead waiting for his command.
 “ Wait for us by the door.”
The soldier saluted him, turned and left the room. 
They were alone once more. He grabbed the chain links that held her wrists together. The motion made her falter and he steadied her movements. His perfectly chiseled face was inches away from hers and she felt anger bubbling up in her.
 He spoke. “ I asked you a question earlier. Do you want to live?”
 looking into his cold, calculating gray eyes she knew the answer to that. No matter what, she had to endure. No matter how long, she had to wait for the right moment. She would avenge the death of her mother and Marlon. 
She nodded her head ‘yes’
“Answer me.”
“I wish to live, General.” She said quietly. 
She saw how he looked at her mouth. She realized Marlon had had the same look on his face when she would want him to kiss her, and in this moment she realized he had desired her, just as she had desired him.Her heart ached more for him.
“Then you will do exactly as I say. Do you understand Princess?”
She nodded her head when she spoke, “Yes.”
“ Since your mother’s death your father has been consumed by grief and potions and tonics. So much so that he rarely has time to tend to the people. Today is not one of those days, Flossina. His Majesty is holding court today, and as part of my plan I will present you to him today. You will beg for his forgiveness. You will tell him that your lover helped you escape, and that he is the cause of all of this.”
“ He was not my lover.” She corrected him.
He slapped her hard.
 She instinctively tried to touch the place she had been struck, but he was still holding her by her wrists and she felt helpless. She knew he enjoyed watching her helpless in his grasp. 
“Don’t lie to me! Why else would you risk your life for him?  You opened your legs for a disgraceful bastard and a killer, and if you don’t want His Majesty, or anyone else to know this you will do as I have commanded you to do, Princess.”
There was no use in refuting him now. He wouldn’t believe her, and she didn’t know if she could handle him touching her any longer.
“I understand.” She said,looking up at him, hoping her expression matched her words. 
She thought he was horrible. He looked so handsome on the outside, but on the inside he was a power hungry monster. 
“Good ! Shall we go to your stepfather, Princess?” He jerked her chains and half dragged her out of the room and into the throne room. 
Flossina’s mother had only let her watch court proceedings a handful of times and her mother had always been kind and generous to her people, making sure her diplomacy and fair justice reigned supreme. Now, she was inside the throne room and it looked drastically different than she recalled. The banners were no longer brightly coloured they were all dark purples, grays and blacks. The room was filled with unfamiliar faces. Courtesans walked around freely. She was shocked. She couldn’t see her stepfather. She saw the looks of the men.  
When they saw the General enter the sea of people parted and he pushed her in front of him. She refused to hold her head down, even though she was shackled. She saw the look of anger on the peoples faces as she walked through the crowd. They thought she was a murderer, just as Deleav had told Marlon.
 She kept her gaze fixed on the black silk banner that hung above her step father’s throne. The General stopped her by pulling on her chains when she was a few feet away from the throne steps. She noticed her stepfather looked worse than he had the last time she had seen him.There was two courtesans sitting at his feet beside the throne. He looked unkempt. His Royal court  attire had been replaced by golden robes. They had stains on them and he was without his shoes. Music played in the background and she felt as if she were living in a bad dream. Her mother would be so upset if she had seen this.The King was so out of it that a man she assumed was the new Royal Chancellor announced their presence. 
“Her Royal Highness Princess Flossina Aeralia. General Torunn.” 
The crowd grew quiet and close as they all looked on. The King stood up. He seemed unsteady on his feet. Flossina followed protocol and kneeled in front of him, as did everyone else in the room. 
“Arise.” His voice boomed and everyone stood. 
Flossina felt trapped in this moment. She had her stepfather, the complicit fool in front of her and a conniving manipulator behind her. She was unsure of her fate now. They were both men she couldn’t trust. She obeyed her stepfather’s command, and once again kept her gaze averted from his. 
“Please, Your Grace, I ask for your forgiveness.” She said it loud enough for everyone at court to hear. She could feel the General’s gaze on her back.
“Why did you escape if you had nothing to hide?” He shot back loudly.
There was a small uproar in the room. Her stepfather held up his hand and the crowd ceased. 
She hated lying, hated not being able to tell the truth, or to expose both of these men for the evil men they were. She stood there under the scrutiny of the the people of Zuff. She took a deep breath and recited what the General had told her. 
“I was taken, Your Majesty. By a man. He…” She paused. Thoughts of Marlon caressing her cold cheek when she was unconscious came to her. She didn't think she could do this. She couldn't dare lie and tarnish his memory. 
“Well?” The King said. Slowly circling around her. 
“Forgive her, Your Majesty. She is still a bit shook up from the ordeal. We dispatched of the assassin who killed Her Majesty, Queen Bihadlly, and we have retrieved Her Royal Highness. The man confessed to kidnapping her and forcing her to aide him against her will.”
She saw her stepfather ingesting the General’s words as if they were manna from heaven. 
“Yes,General, of course you are right.”
No one seemed to notice how quickly he accepted the General’s lies. Flossina felt revolted. Everyone was blinded and didn’t seem to care they were being mislead. 
“We have lost much these past days. Unchain her !” He commanded and the General did as he was told. 
Flossina was surprised at the gesture. He walked past her and stood in front of the bastard General. 
“Torunn, you have not only been my friend but a very wise counsel and as always you have proven yourself a tremendous service to this Crown. How do you wish to receive your payment Sir?” He walked back to his seat and once again the courtesans assisted him. 
She watched as the General stepped forward and spoke. 
“ I ask Your Majesty to continue to protect the Crown and run his army, as i have done. I also ask for the Princess's  hand in marriage. I would be able to provide adequate protection for her.”
There was a loud murmur over the crowd. Her stepfather’s interest had been peaked as well. She felt her knees almost give way to the shock of the news she had just heard.They hadn’t discussed this as part of his plan earlier, and his mistreatment of her in the tower prior to this made her think he wouldn’t use protocol, but she had been mistaken. He wanted to wed her. Her stepfather the King had so easily accepted his truth. She knew a life with with him would be cruel and unhappy. She also knew the choice was out of her hands now.With her mother out of the way her stepfather was oblivious to the game the General was running. It hit her then. He was the one who had killed her mother and had her beaten and almost killed as well. She wanted to run out of the throne room but knew she couldn’t, not with all these people watching the King and her outward reaction. She tried to show no outward emotion on any of the conversation that was being held by the two men about her. So, once again she concentrated her gaze on the black silk banner. Her heart felt like it was leaping out of her chest as she heard them discuss in front of hundreds of people her fate. Her stepfather, the King looked at her then and back at the General. 
“You two shall be married at once.A wedding will brighten this Kingdom’s spirits and bring some hope back to our land.” 
The people clapped at his announcement and he once again stood up. The two courtesans were again by his side. The crowd parted once more and the King exited the throne room. All but a few were left from the crowd that had filled this room seconds earlier. The General took her by her left arm and escorted out of the room. They walked down a hidden hall the servants used. She felt low. This man walKing beside her was evil. This had been his plan all along. To make himself look like a hero and then marry her. Her stepfather fell for it all. He had fell right in agreement with the General and she felt forsaken. 
“That went rather well.” He said. His eyes still looking ahead. 
She felt strange not having the shackles on. Although they still were being escorted with extra men. It seemed like the General never traveled alone. 
“You almost blew it back there.”
“I’m sorry. I just.. I can not lie... It’s been you all along!” She stopped walKing and he finally turned and looked down at her. “You had my mother killed.”
“Awww look at the poor princess.” he chuckled and scoffed at her. “It took you long enough.” He laughed louder and in a flash his strong hand was squeezing her upper arm. It was painful. She bit her lower lip to hold back the scream she felt surfacing.
 He spoke again. His face inches away from hers. “As I stated earlier,you are mine, and soon your home will be mine.”
She recoiled at his domineering tone. He let go of her, gave her a push forward and they started walKing once more. Moments later they made it to her rooms.
“When are we to be married?” She asked.
“Soon, Princess.” He reassured her. Then he walked away. One of the guards opened her bedroom door for her. She went in.  She was finally alone. She couldn’t hold it in any longer. She let out a blood wrenching scream and crumpled to her knees on the floor. She felt like the world was set on her shoulders and she couldn’t hold on any longer. She felt like if Marlon had been alive he would be able to help her bear the load. She knew she couldn’t do it with the General. She couldn’t trust him. He was constantly misleading and deceitful. Her heart ached at having to stand before her stepfather and all of those people in court and lie about what really happened. Marlon had been her savior. He had taken care of her and protected her from everyone, even his own men. She cradled herself as the tears poured. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a flashing light. It startled her and she stopped crying and looked in the direction of it. 
It was Khepri. Flossina was so happy to her. Khepri was still as she remembered, beautiful. She was wearing a gold ostrich feather floor length gown with matching gold feather bracelets. Gold cuffs with scarabs carved into them were adorned on her wrists and upper arms. She was still beautifully bald and her eyes were outlined in the dark black eyeliner and cobalt blue eyeshadow. Her sun kissed caramel skin seemed to be glowing in the gloomy castle. Flossina hadn't seen any sign of Khepri since she had had her assistance leaving Marlon's home, which succinctly got her captured and rescued. Khepri walked over to her, kneeled down in front of her and held her face in her hands. She wore a sympathetic look on her face. 
“My child, do not cry.”
“He is gone, Khepri. It is all my fault. I am trapped here. I have failed my mother. I have failed my Kingdom. I am to marry the monster who murdered my mother. I can’t I’d rather end my life than share it with him.”
“Please, speak no more of ending your life, or of disappointments. You have been through a great deal, and have survived as a queen I am sure you will go through much more, and you will survive.” 
She wiped a stray tear from Flossina’s face. Her sorrow was palpable, and Khepri felt something she hadn't in hundreds of years, compassion. She knew it was against the rules to tell her of what King Osiris was doing in the underworld, but she couldn't bear to hear or see the Princess so broken over the death of her love. She was holding her now gently rocKing her as they sat on the cold marble floor of her bedroom. 
“You just told me that you are to marry the man that murdered your mother?”
“Yes. Yes I did.”
“That doesn't sound like you let her down. What did your mother ask of you when I took you to the underworld ?”
“She said to find out who did this.”
“Have you not done that?”
“What did she say about your protector?”
She held back the tears. “She said he was the one to help me.”
“Did he?”
“Yes. He helped me very much. I ….I really loved him… I just thought...We’d have more time.”
“All I can say Princess is stay strong and know that you are not and will never be alone.” Khepri kissed her on her forehead. 
Flossina closed her eyes at the motherly gesture. When she opened them she was alone yet again in her room. Seconds later the door opened and in walked her lady’s maid Alexis Carrying a large white box. Princess Flossina immediately stood up and wiped away her tears. She then went over to help Alexi set the large box onto the foot of her bed. 
“Evening, Flossina.”
“Evening, Alexi.”
“What’s in the box?”
“This is your wedding dress, ma'am.”
She still couldn’t get use to hearing the word wedding in conjunction to her. 
“Is it?” She asked, hoping she sounded interested in it.
“Yes ma'am. The General wanted me to personally deliver it so nothing happens to it. He says he picked it all out himself. You and he will be married tomorrow. The castle is already busy with preparations.”
“Oh, I see.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.”
“What for? The General is a kind man.” She took a deep breath.
“No need to lie to me ma’am. I know he is dreadful.”
Flossina smiled.
“That he may be Alexi, but we must never talk about him like that.”
“Why not? He turned every good woman who works in this castle into a piece of meat for him and his soldiers. My ma use to work as the cook until she decided to stand up to him, after that he had his men rape her and cut off her hand. I had to go to work then. I was twelve. I’m sorry for chattering your head off.”
“No, it's fine. Really. I understand. Thank you for telling me about your life.”
Alexi took the top off the box. Flossina reached her hand inside and pulled out a white lace silk wedding gown. It was lovely. She then pulled out a white veil. She laid both items across the bed. The dresses train hung off the bed as well as the veil. She watched Alexi pull out shoes, gloves, and another outfit. It was white as well, but completely sheer. She knew it was to be worn on her wedding night. She hadn't thought she would have a wedding night. Alexi quickly went to work on the preparations on her gown. She was to be married tomorrow. She felt like it was too soon. She prayed for strength and remembered Khepri’s words. She had survived a great deal and as a Queen she would survive a great deal more…’ 

22-death’s task completed
Marlon stood on the desert sand dune surveying the desolate land. It was low mountains and golden sand as far as the eye could see. The hot breeze blew, but he did not feel it touch his bare arms. He looked down and noticed he still held the book inside of his left hand. He wore brown leather boots with a matching  brown leather kilt. A leather face mask hung loosely around his neck. There had been no time to gather his wits. He had passed the first trial and was immediately sent here. Where was here? He wondered what he would have to do to pass this one. He steadied his footing and walked down the dune. The sun seemed to become hotter with each step he descended.  He wanted to think that it was odd, but seeing as he had awoke in the afterlife for royalty, the temperature changing in conjunction to his movements didn’t seem so far fetched. He picked up the pace, concentrating only on one thing. Flossina. In no time he had walked several miles without feeling the lag, heat, or thirst and then suddenly it hit him all at once. The sun seemed to beat on his head and he felt strong emotions bubbling to the surface. Emotions even when he was alive he had kept well contained, unbothered and under wraps. He felt anxious, and terribly alone now. The way he had felt when he was younger and his mother had died and his father made him live with his grandmother in the Grove, while his father lived in the palace protecting the Queen, as the leader of “The Collective”. His mind was just going.  He couldn't seem to control his thoughts, which he was a master of. This was all so strange to him. Still, he walked on knowing he had had no choice. She needed him, and he would be damned if  he was going to let death stop him. His thoughts were heavily laden with his father. He had missed out on having him in his life when he had been a young boy and the great war began. He recalled the times when he was younger and his mother was alive. His father had been happy then. The great war had torn his world apart. Spies and killers were everywhere. Having family members  became a burden because the opponent would use them against the other one. His father thought it was best he stay with his grandmother. His father’s mother, Milden. She was known as the witch in the Grove. From the age of ten until he was sixteen he had lived with her there. His grandmother enjoyed her solace. He rarely had company, and was rarely ever seen. The people who visited his home were all men who needed her healing potions, or her gift. Men who once fought under his father. He trudged on. There was another breeze. He watched the dust swirl about him as the heat rose up in invisible waves, but still, he could not feel it,  just the intensity of his loneliness when he was a child. His mouth was dry and he wished for water. This was absolute madness he thought, as he stared ahead into the abyss of desert. He felt his feet faltering. He looked down and saw the book. He recalled last time it changed into a weapon. Maybe this time it could change into a water bag. He held the book up and looked at it. The gold cover gleamed in the bright, almost piercing sunlight, and he wished then that he could understand how this book Khepri gave him worked. Thoughts of his mother’s burial seemed to sucker punch him and he fell to the sand holding his head in his hands. He saw his mother’s motionless body wrapped in the white muslin. The lamenter sang a beautiful farewell song about her. He felt his sorrow,his heartbreak. He was so young then, but the emotions he had felt then, he was feeling now. Loss was his main emotion. Loss of warmth and love. His father had seemed so tough to him then. His mother had always been there to fuss at him for stealing the baker's bread and cuddle him when he fell and scraped his knees as he often did. She was the first woman he had loved, and she had grown sick rather quickly and died. He looked ahead and he saw a mirage of the burial. It was as if it was playing in front of his eyes. He saw himself, his father, the priest, and all of the townspeople. He had been so young, so innocent and the pain was still fresh. He screamed aloud at the emotional torment. He closed his eyes then, tears streaming down his face now. He had grown up under the tutelage of his father’s friend Gorlon the great. He had been training to be the leader of the Collective and rescue his father since he had been sixteen and still, he couldn’t cope with the pain he endured during his childhood. It hit him now. He never thought he would have to confront these feelings head on ever again. He opened his eyes once more and the mirage had changed to him at the age of ten being held back by a Zuff royal guard as he tried to free himself and get to his father, who had been chained and in their custody. That was another painful day that as a man he had dampened it down and turned it to fuel for his rage at the King who accused his father of being a agent and a murderer. Then locKing him away in a dungeon these, last twenty years. That pain had been hidden deep within him but now as he sat on his knees watching the sight before him he realized that to was unfinished. He touched his cheeks and noticed there were tears. All his pain. All his sorrow he had been through. He had persevered and excelled and done what was necessary to replenish and sustain the ranks of the Collective. He had become a knowledgeable healer. A skilled assassin and great leader whose tasks were not small for any man, but for him he had overcome. He would overcome death and rescue Flossina. His thoughts of her seemed to ease the pain that was coursing through him now. He felt like an open wound. He took a deep breath. Stood to his feet. Realizing the book was yet again still in his hand. He looked at it, then back at the mirage. He spoke then. 
“Mother, I hope ...you’re proud of me. Father...I will avenge you.” A single tear slipped down his cheek as he said “I forgive you, both.” And with a painful exhale he screamed her name “Flossina !”
He felt himself changing. He looked at his arm and saw it changing into chocolate-colored feathers. He looked down to see he had shrunk from his six foot height to a mere twelve inches.  He could see his shadow on the desert floor. His body was that of a falcons but he still had his human head. He lifted his left wing and saw the action being mirrored by his shadow. He had turned into a hybrid of some sort. He no longer saw the screen of his life playing nor did he hear the voices of sorrow. He took a step and felt a cold piece of metal around his right claw. It was the book. Somehow he knew. Funny, how he still felt like himself he thought, as he extended his wings and began to flap them. He ran as he flapped and before he knew it he was soaring in the air, overlooking the dreadful desert that almost drained him of all his emotional resolve.This time he could feel the warm wind on his face as he glided through the sky. A few miles ahead he could see her waiting, Khepri. That seemed to motivate him even more and he flapped his wings harder so he could go faster. It had worked and within minutes he landed on her shoulder. She smiled at him and it seemed brighter than the sun.
“Ah, I see you have overcome the desert of sorrow.” She stroked his feathered breast. He thought it would feel awkward but it didn’t. It felt comforting. “You have a strong spirit, Marlon.”
He flew off of the perch that was her shoulder and stood in front of her. When his feet touched the ground he was transformed back into his full human form once more. He was happy for that. Being in hybrid bird form had felt strange, but freeing. He touched his bare chest and saw that he was back to adorning the outfit he had started this journey on. The book was tucked between his gold belt and the white linen kilt he wore. 
“Good thing it was only for a few minutes.” He told her. 
She surveyed him and spoke again, “Marlon, you were trapped in that desert for three human days.”
Marlon was shocked. Time had moved differently than what he was accustomed to.
“Do not fret. You have passed your second task and now it is time for the final one. 
Marlon felt the apprehension creeping in him. He didn’t know if he could handle another test like the desert of sorrows, or the hand to hand combat with a man made out of gold. 
“Your last test is simple really. I think you will pass it now.”
“Why do you say that? And what do you mean?” She turned her back to him,lifted up her right jewel clad arm, and waved it. By doing this gesture the desert heat and blazing sunshine all melted away. They were once again in an all white room facing a large golden door with different carvings on it. He couldn't help but notice the main carving looked similar to the scale he had saw earlier when he had been introduced to King Osiris. 
“What did you do? Where are we?” He asked, knowing he sounded stupid and a bit scared asKing her the question.
“Behind this door is your last test.” She turned to face him then as she spoke to him in that clear voice she had. “This is your final judgement. Although you are not of royal blood my brother insists that this is the only way. Had you just not conquered the desert of sorrow I would be worried, but now I understand.” She took him by his  hand and held it in hers as she pushed open the door. 
He followed her inside. 
The room’s walls were a charcoal black. Three large torches sat atop gigantic, black alabaster pillars that had the same gold inscriptions that the door had. He heard low singing. A song  similar to the one the Royal Lamenters sang for the Queen when she had passed on. It felt somber here. He had forgotten that Khepri was the one leading him through this large somber chamber. He became enthralled with the beast that was slowly stalKing him. The atmosphere and gravity of his situation seemed to feel surreal. They walked to the center of the corridor and stopped when they were only a few feet away from the large gold laden scale he had seen earlier. Marlon could feel its aura radiating into him, from its close proximity. The hieroglyphs etched at the base of the stand read "Scales of Justice"  and he wondered how he was able to read the symbols now. 
He saw a black,muscular figure wearing a black and gold detailed,Egyptian, canid mask. He seemed to be adjusting the scale and on the opposite side sat a beast unlike any other Marlon had ever seen. It had a body that was part hippopotamus, with a face of a crocodile. Its mane and front upper-half torso was of a lion. The beast was eating a blackened morsel that looked like a burnt heart. It was chilling to watch. 
Osiris spoke. 
Marlon was thrown off guard at the King’s unheard arrival. That was still taKing some getting use to,he thought. 
"Anubis and Ammut.” He pointed to one then the other. “The protector, and the devourer. Many Kings and Queens have stepped through that same door and only a few can say they have passed this test. Your Queen, Bihaadlly is one of those.  For, I could find no fault with her heart. She paid homage to me her entire reign as Queen, and I offered her sanctuary in the valley of the reeds for all eternity. Her only request was that she speak to her daughter. Princess Flossina is just as beautiful as her mother is she not?”
He watched Marlon closely. 
Marlon nodded his head. "Yes, Your Majesty. She is quite a remarkable woman.”
The King smiled at his words and Marlon still felt at unease as all eyes watched for Osiris next move. Marlon had no idea what they would do with his heart. His life had been lived out of deceit. He didn’t understand why Khepri felt like she did about him passing this last test. 
“Are you ready my son?” He asked Marlon.
Marlon knew he had no choice. He had to finish this. He had wasted enough time in the afterlife. Flossina needed him. He nodded ‘yes’, and without saying another word the King stuck his hand into Marlon’s chest. It did not hurt like he thought it would and he was able to watch as the King held the still beating object in his hands and placed it on the left scale. He put a single white feather on the right scale. As he did Marlon saw the greedy animal sitting greedily underneath the right side of the scale waiting. Marlon wondered if he would feel the pain when the beast ate his blackened heart. That thought seemed to make this situation feel more dire. The King took a step back as the objects battled on the scale, moving up and down slower and slower until finally the scale that held his heart appeared to weigh less than the feather he had placed. King Osiris seemed surprised by that fact, but nevertheless continued speaking.
“Ah, you have passed!” 
He snapped his fingers and Anubis was beside him holding Marlon's still beating heart in his black talons. The King nodded at the deity and he shoved Marlon’s heart back inside of him. That was much more painful than when the King had taken it out. He fell to his knees and rubbed his chest. He took a deep breath. This had all been so such a strange, emotional journey. 
“I am surprised. You a good, strong mortal. The queen was correct in choosing you to be her daughter’s champion. You have held up your end of our bargain, and now I shall hold up mine. Go forth in peace.” 
The King walked him to a door on the opposite end of the corridor. It was gold plated and the carvings were of a man sitting on what looked to be the sun. it was as if he were riding on it. King Osiris opened the door and Marlon saw nothing but the vastness of space. He was once again shocked at what the King was showing him. 
“Good luck on your journey Marlon. You will always have a home here.” With those words the King disappeared in front of his very eyes and he stood in front of the open door that led to the abyss of twinkling stars and black matter alone. Anubis was behind him then and with a great howl he shoved Marlon out of the door and into the great beyond. Marlon felt light, he felt as if he were floating. His eyes seemed to grow heavy as the falling feeling he was experiencing took over him. He felt himself falling quicker and quicker until he had passed out from the journey… 

23-Myrtle
The wedding that Flossina had been threatened with by both the General and her stepfather, the King, had finally arrived. There was only three hours left until she was to be dressed, primped, and presented like a prize mare to her betrothed and the entire Kingdom in a wedding she did not want. Her lady’s maid Alexi seemed more excited about the wedding than she was and it was all starting to annoy her more than she cared to admit. She’d been back at her home for a full week now. Everything seemed to be calm and back to normal on the surface. 
After her stepfather had pardoned her in front of the royal court it was as if  magically, nothing had ever happened. The only evidence of her traumatic ordeal was that her mother was no longer here. She and her lady’s maid were walKing inside of her mother’s garden picKing out flowers for the abysmal wedding. The scents of the different flowers reminded her of better days, and simpler times. She gently touched and smelled the orchids, then moved on to the roses. They had been in here for the past forty-five minutes. She was suppose to be picKing out her bouquet for the ceremony tonight, but she had no idea what flowers to pick. Her heart wasn’t in it. Her heart wasn’t into much of anything lately. Her nights were restless and filled with tears. Her days were full of busying tasks to help her forget. She had almost completely stopped eating, only doing so to sustain her energy for the day. 
“Princess? Flossina?” Alexi’s voice snapped her back to the task at hand.
“Ah, yes...sorry.” She looked around. “I must admit I don’t know what flowers to choose from. I know Myrtle is to be used, but that’s all. I had always expected my mother to be here when I would be wed...” Her voice trailed off.
“No worries, Your Highness.” She smiled to keep the Princesses morale up. “I can just have Agnes to make you a lovely bouquet. She is still the Queen’s best gardener, which makes her now yours, Your Majesty.”
As if she overheard the conversation a frail,old woman who had been tending to a rosebush near them hobbled forward. She curtsied as best she could.
“Please, there is no need for formalities.” Flossina rushed, hating to inconvenience the elderly woman.
“ ‘Tis no inconvenience. You are our only hope. That is what you do for the people.”
Flossina held a serene smile on her face as the woman spoke. 
Alexi could see where the conversation was going so she redirected it.
“Agnes, can you please make a wedding bouquet for Her Highness ? We will need it within the hour.”
“Aye, I can.” She nodded. 
“Thank you.” Flossina said. 
The old woman grabbed ahold of Flossina’s hand and gave it a comforting squeeze. It was the most affection Flossina had experienced in a while. 
“Everything will be alright, Princess.” The old woman smiled at her. She had kind eyes. “I will have the flowers ready.” She let go of her hand, and Flossina and Alexi left the green house.
Flossina wanted privacy. In only a few hours time she would be a married woman. Honor bound to her stepfather and to a man who had killed her mother and the love of her life. Marlon. His warm yellow eyes that always watched her popped into her thoughts. Those strong hands that healed more than they harmed. He haunted her. He was gone.She had to stop thinKing about him.
The guards opened the door to her bedchamber and she and Alexi walked inside only to be surprised to see that the General was there already, alone. He was sitting on her chaise with that arrogant smirk he seemed to wear on his face ever since he conned her step father into marrying her. Alexi didn’t need any telling. She looked at the General, then back at the princess and walked out quickly. Alexi feared the General. Flossina did not.
 He stood up when he heard the door shut behind the young girl. He began to slowly circle her. 
She watched him as each circle drew him closer to her. She could smell his cologne and the wine on his breath. She stood ramrod still, silent. The last time she had seen the General was when he had forced her to speak in front of the Royal Court and now here he was leering at her. 
“Where were you?” He demanded.
“I was seeing to my wedding bouquet arrangements.”She answered honestly.
“We are to be wed in less than three hours time. Are you nervous?” He smirked.
She swallowed hard. “No. I am not.” She lied.
He backhanded her suddenly and she stumbled a few steps back.
“Don't lie To me. Ever again.”
She stood up straight, the defiance clear in her look and stance.
“There it is. That fire of yours. You will be fun to break Princess.” He smiled at her and her skin crawled. 
He was everything Marlon wasn’t. looking at him mistreat her and bully everyone around her home only seemed to stab at her heart, it seemed to gush at the thought of never being able to marry the man she truly loved. Her anger had been pricked. She just didn’t understand how someone could be so mean and apathetic to another human being.
 He went back over to the place he had been sitting, when she had first arrived and picked up a medium sized, shiny, mahogany box. He walked back over to her, stood in front of her and opened it, presenting her with the crown jewels. 
“For tonight.” He said.
She took hold of the box, but did not move. “Thank you.” She said.
“No need. They are yours. You will wear them proudly. Tonight, you will be my bride. A true Princess. You will walk down the aisle and pretend you love me. I don’t care if you do or not. This is our arrangement from here until death. You will look the part. Play the part. Do not disobey me.”
“And if I don’t?” She asked, already knowing his answer, but still wanting to hear it from his lips. 
He stepped closer to her. They were both touching the box now. He searched her face and she saw nothing in those gray eyes of his. His eyes were cold, calculating. He chuckled low.
 “You know what will happen, Princess. Only this time that hero of yours won’t save you. You’ll be all mine to discipline and punish as I see fit.” He grinned. “You are mine now. I own your step father. I killed your mother and your lover. You cannot resist me. You should not resist me.”
His words were precise and held a chilling finality to them. He truly thought he had won. She was nothing to him but a prize in his political monopoly. 
 “See you in a few hours Princess, and don’t forget to look happy.” He said as he took a step back, turned and walked out of the room without so much as a second glance.
 She felt her knees give way and she fell to the ground. He was a horrible man, and he was right. She had no one to come to her aide. No one to be her champion this time. She had to endure whatever he had planned for her. That thought didn’t sit well with her. She would find a way to kill him and end this all. She had nothing left to lose.
 She began to take slow,deep, steady breaths. Seconds later she slowly stood up and walked over to her bed and sat the box of jewels down upon it. They were her mother’s. She smiled at that thought.  She recalled when she was little and her mother wore the gold stone earrings. She had always thought that they sparkled, winked and gleamed in delight nestled in her mother’s chestnut brown hair. The matching necklace, bracelet, and rings had always held some fascination to her when she had been a child, and saw how lovely her mother looked wearing them for a special event. They were hers now. She had always thought her mother would be here to gift her with this. That moment had been stolen from her by the horrid General. He had no sympathy, only taunting words, daring her to hit him. She dared not, because she knew he was a brutal man. Their short time together showed her that. 
There was a knock on her chamber door. In walked her lady’s maid.
 She quickly wiped the tears from her eyes and tried to pretend she was fine. By the look on her lady’ maids face let her know she wasn't doing too well. Alexi walked over to Flossina’s refreshment table and poured her a glass of water. She watched as the young girl pulled a little vial out of her pocket. Flossina began to protest.
“Alexi..”
Alexi put her finger up to her lips to silence the Princess and the Princess quieted her protest. She used her finger to stir the glass when that was done she took a sip of it to show the princess it wasn’t harmful, then handed to her.
Flossina drank it. It tasted like bitter moss to her.
 Alexi stood in front of her. She was still seated on the bed. 
“I’m so sorry Your Hi-, Flossina. He can be a cruel man.”
“Alexi, I’ve told you before we must not say bad things about him. You never know who is listening.” She whispered. “If you were to be harmed because of me, or anything I said about him I wouldn’t forgive myself.” 
Flossina choked on the last words. She had to stay strong in front of this young girl. Her conscious would be heavy if something happened to her.
 “Yes, you are right he is all the things you say, but nevertheless. I must marry him.”
“I understand.” Alexi said simply.
Flossina stood up, walked past Alexi and began to pace the length of her room. A few moments later there was a knock on the door. 
Alexi went to see who it was. She smiled and announced her.
“Your Highness, Ms. Agnes to see you.”
Seconds after Alexi’s announcement the old woman walked in holding a lovely bouquet of Lilies, ivy and myrtle. Flossina quit pacing and smiled kindly at the old woman. She then walked over to her bedchamber doors to see if they were closed, they were, she walked back over to her. 
“Thank you so much for doing this for me on such short notice, Ms. Agnes.” She beamed. 
She genuinely was happy to see Agnes. This woman had worked closely with her mother on something her mother loved. Her garden. She wanted to be around people who reminded her of her.
The little old woman smiled up at her.
“Princess, it is the least I can do. I know your mother is looking down somewhere watching. She would be proud of you.”
“I don’t know about that.” She said, referring to the foolish decision she had made that cost Marlon his life, and her this wedding.
“I do.” The old woman sounded so sure of herself.
That intrigued her. Flossina offered the woman a seat then and they sat down on the chaise together. 
“What did my mother say to you?” Flossina asked, curiosity the motive behind her question.
“She told me to make sure you were safe, and I did that.”
Flossina was confused.
“I apologize. I don’t understand.”
“That evening…I knew something was wrong.” He facial expression changed from happy to sorrowful as she spoke more. “Earlier that day Her Majesty, seemed nervous. She left me future instructions on how to continue to care for the garden. I thought it strange, but I said nothing. Then after our daily routine of pruning the lilacs and repotting the ferns she handed me a sack of gold and a note.” The old woman cautiously looked around the room before she continued any further with her information. Then, she lowered her voice to a hushed tone and spoke. “The letter was to her most trusted valet, Grande. AsKing him to rescue you should anything happen.”
“She knew!” She exclaimed more than asked, astonished by the old woman’s omission. 
She nodded her head. “Yes, Your Highness. I believe she did.”
“What happened to Grande?” She asked.
“He was killed.” Her words were blunt.
“I’m so sorry. I can’t bring him back, but I can tell you how much his sacrifice to get me out of here saved my life.” 
 She reached over and took hold of  the old woman’s right hand gently. The old woman seemed touched by the gesture. She patted the top of Flossina’s, then stood up, and spoke again.
“Your mother loved her garden. It is now yours.”
“True. I’ve never been very good at gardening.” She smiled, recalling the times she’d help her mother and end up covered in dirt. 
“Your mother also used it to escape the pressure of the palace and to think.”
“Ah, I see.” The memory of her mother choked her up suddenly. She cleared her throat from the tears she was constantly holding back. “She was a wonderful woman, wasn't she? Not just a wonderful Queen, but a lovely person. I will miss her everyday. Especially today.” 
A single tear escaped and she quickly wiped it away. Fearing the old woman would think she was weak. 
“She will be watching you Your Highness. That’s a promise.” She smiled at Flossina.
In that moment Flossina could see why her mother had employed Agnes. she was kind, and seemed to understand her daily life pressures. 
“Well, thank you again Agnes, and I will take you up on that offer soon.”
“Aye, Your Highness,thank you and Congratulations.”
Flossina watched as Agnes took two steps backward, turned, and left her chambers. 
She was thankful for the news she had received. The pieces of that horrid day were still coming together. She vowed she would find out the entire truth from the General, soon. Right now she had to cope with this wedding, and every wretched thing he wanted her to do from here on out. Could she do it? She knew her life would be an unhappy one, but would it be worth living? She hoped for the sake of her Crown and the love of her mother that it would be. 
“Flossina, it’s time to get ready for the ceremony.” Alexi informed her. 
She nodded agreement and went inside of her dressing chamber. There was  a nice rose water bath that she had enjoyed immensely. Her aches and pains were gone. Next, she put on lace stocKings, pantaloons and lace chemise. She and her lady’s maid made sure every diamond, and pearl was in place. She chose to wear her hair pulled back in a high bun with tendrils framing her delicate face. Alexi put a light dusting of gold powder on her cheekbones and the corners of her eyes. When they were all done she admired herself in the looking glass. She did make a beautiful bride. She held her bouquet in her hands. She couldn’t believe they weren’t trembling.  Her wedding dress had been her mother’s. It was made of white silk with gold threading throughout. It was simple, but when framed with her Crown and veil it made her look the part of the beautiful fairy tale Princess. The gold powder made her seem almost ethereal. She almost wanted to smile. But then she remembered who she was marrying and why. All joy felt like a distant memory. In its place a throbbing pain she could not bear, but she would have to.
“You look lovely, Your Majesty.” Alexi was smiling at her in the mirror.
“Thank you.” She hoped her gratitude sounded genuine.“What did I tell you…”
Alexi rushed on.“I know what you said ma'am but the General would prefer if I call you by your official name. This will also be my last night attending to you.” 
Those words frightened her. He was making sure she felt alone and isolated. He couldn't even wait until after the ceremony. She saw the look of disappointment on the young girl’s face. She had grown fond of her in the days they had become acquainted. She pasted a kind smile on her face for them both.
“I have enjoyed you immensely. Thank you for everything. I will miss you. I’m sure you’ll be able to get whatever job you like since you were employed by me.” She smiled at her and Alexi smiled back. She knew she couldn’t be late, but she didn’t want to go. She took a deep breath. “Shall we go down. We mustn't keep them waiting. Now, my train if you please.” 
Alexi went behind her and gently held the long lace and pearl train as they walked to the grand ballroom, where the wedding was to take place. She noticed the sun was already setting. With each step she took she felt her nerves creeping up on her. 
They reached the closed doors. The doorman bowed low to her. 
She smiled at him. 
He quickly went inside of the room. Seconds later he was opening the large doors as the organ and the people stood up and began to sing the wedding hymn.
 All eyes were  on her. The ballroom was filled with unfamiliar faces gathered for this momentous occasion. She heard the General’s warning in her mind. She fixed her smile under the veil she wore over her face. There was no going back she thought, as she stepped further and further down the aisle. She saw her stepfather, the King standing on the opposite side of the General smiling, but still holding that dangerously vacant look in his eyes. Then she looked at the General. For all intensive purposes he looked happy to see her, like he was in love with her and they were a perfect match. What a facade ! This was all a sham. This would be the rest of her life lying to her countrymen, and hiding behind a mask. She finally reached both men. She hoped she looked graceful as she slowly sauntered towards them. When she arrived in front of the altar her stepfather lifted his right forearm and she rested her left hand atop it. The archbishop looked to her, then her stepfather, and spoke.
“Who gives this young lady away?”
“I do.” The King spoke loudly so everyone could hear him. 
Once he said those words he released her hand, stepped away, and sat down on his throne, that was now in the front row. The General raised his left forearm and she rested her gloved right hand atop it. She felt nothing but sadness.
“This evening we are here to join General Torunn and Her Royal Highness Princess Flossina Araelia in holy matrimony. If there is anyone that objects to the marriage speak now, or forever hold your peace.” Flossina prayed someone would, anyone would, but alas, it didn’t happen. The Archbishop continued by handing the General a very beautiful diamond wedding band that was once her mothers. “Now General, recite the words. With my heart, my life, my soul. I will protect you, love you and be yours for all time.”
“With my heart, my life, my soul. I will protect you, Love you and be yours for all time.”He slid the ring on her finger.
 She swore if she hadn’t known what a crazy bastard the General was she would have swore he was sincere just now reciting his words. 
“Now, Your Royal Highness,” He handed her a simple silver band. “Recite these words. I will be your light in darkness, your anchor in life’s storm. Yours until the day I die.”
Those words seemed to ring true in the adventures she had experienced lately, but not with the General. Marlon had actually been there for her and saying those words to anyone else felt wrong. There was a long pause. She didn’t realize it until the General squeezed her right hand with his and it snapped her out of her trepidation. 
“I will be your light in darkness. Your anchor in life’s storm. Yours until the day i die.” She put the ring on his left ring finger.
“By the powers of all that is holy you are now man and wife. Now, you may kiss your bride, General.”
He slowly lifted the veil. Grabbed both sides of her face and planted a hard kiss on her lips. It was harsh and stung her lips. 
There was a loud uproar of applause from the Royal Court. Everyone was cheering and the celebration began. He took her hand and for the remainder of the night did not release it. She was firmly by his side. Trapped. As the hours went on her facade felt as if it were chipping away. She could only smile and act so happy.  Her face was beginning to hurt. A court jester had just finished singing a song and she yawned. 
“Princess, are you alright?” Torunn asked her.
She nodded. “Yes, I am fine.”
“You don’t look fine. You look like you’re bored at your own wedding. Smile, or you will pay for it in private tonight.” He whispered low so only she could hear. 
He was smiling. To the outsider it looked as if they were exchanging pleasantries. She made her smile brighten more. He seemed satisfied and turned back to the festivities.
 A few hours later the newly wed couple walked alone towards his bedroom. The hallways were quiet. She saw no sign of the servants or guards. She chalked it up to it to it being their wedding night. Everyone was still in the great hall  celebrating. 
They entered his chambers, which were in the west wing of the castle. She was impressed by the size of his chambers. They were the same size as her step fathers. She noticed all of her belongings were there. It all seemed like a dream, until she heard him slam the door shut behind them. 
It made her jump. She felt the fear rising in her now. She had gotten through the wedding, through the congratulations, and the well wishes from all of the drunken fools. Now she had to survive their first night. Alone. 
There was a knock at the door.
“Enter.” He commanded.
She stood beside the bed silently.
Two burly soldiers carried in a copper tub full of water. They were followed by three more guards carrying large buckets of steaming water. Each one dumping their bucket of hot water into the tub. All left without saying a word. She looked at his large bed and noticed he had already had her night clothes laid out for her.  
“I have some business to attend to. Enjoy the rest of your night, wife.”
 With that he walked out of the room. 
She heard it lock behind her. She was overcome with relief at the thought of not having to consummate their marriage tonight. Maybe he would never want to. She wouldn’t be that lucky, she told herself. She didn’t really feel like the bath, and felt kind-of guilty for all those guards who had brought the water, but it wasn’t her fault. How was she to know what they were doing.  She skipped the bath and instead got dressed in her night clothing. She didn’t think she could fall asleep in his room but in the end she did. Sleep had won in the end... 


24-Two weeks later

Princess Flossina had decided to somehow see the silver lining in the dark clouds of her life. Her wedding night was the night she had made that integral decision pertaining to her life, and the legacy she was now responsible for. She had to make a conscious effort to thrive in her stifling environment and continue in this life alone. So much had gone wrong in last few weeks of her life. When she had first arrived back to her home she had been so heartbroken, almost falling into a state of severe depression and shock. 
She could hear her mother’s words echoing in her mind as clear as day. ‘When life gives us hardships, my dear, we can either let that crush and defeat us, or we can let it mold and strengthen us.’ 
She had begun to utilize her mother’s words and incorporate them in her life now. So far it had been worKing. On the third night of their marriage she had succumbed to her wifely duties and laid with the General. In doing so she had won some little freedoms back. She could now move freely about castle Meadowbrooke without a guard following on her heels everywhere she went. She could also choose her own clothing. She had never known how much of a private person she was until now. She felt like no matter where she tried to hide, or escape to in this castle to forget about Torunn and her complicit stepfather, there was no use.
 She was still forced to attend dinners and banquets with him, and smile and pretend they were a happy, Royal couple. 
He had grown into a possessive monster the moment they had exchanged vows, and even more so now that their marriage had been consummated. She always blocked that part of her life out of her mind. The pain, the anguish in how he roughly touched her. He wanted her frequently and she could do nothing but oblige him and do her wifely duty. Every single time after the chore was done she would feel horrible, empty, and disgusted by how her body would betray her and she would orgasm when he was on top of her. She would look at the ceiling while the deed was being done and picture herself flying on Blaze as she sat closely in front of Marlon. His strong arms wrapped around her tight, keeping her safe, protected. Yes, she dared not think of her wifely duty. She pushed it far back, along with the bruises that were on her wrists and arms from his relentless temper and mishandling of her. He seemed to enjoy punishing her. 
Today, she was inside of her mother’s garden looking at the new orchids that she and Agnes had planted in her mother’s honor. She had to admit they were doing quite nicely. Agnes stood beside her in the warm sunshine. She was happy she had took her advice. She had been right. Whenever she was here everyone left her alone. It had become her sanctuary. 
“You were absolutely right, Agnes. They do look beautiful planted here. She would have loved them. Yellow was her favorite color. However did you get these? They have traveled a long way.”
“Aye, they have Your Highness.”
They stood in silence then, taKing in the beauty of the greenery and colorful blossoms that cheered her spirits, just as her mother always had.
 She walked over to the same stone bench she and her mother had shared many times before and she felt the sadness she had been hiding deep within her creeping up again.  Her shoulders slumped. She was so unhappy, and so alone. She felt Agnes gnarled hand on her shoulder, comforting her. 
She blinked away the tears and began to laugh. 
“Oh, Agnes. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to cry, like some insipid child. I just…”
“Tis alright. You miss her. I understand.We all do, Your Highness. She was a wonderful lady. A true saint. You’re just like her in so many ways.”
“No, I’m not. I’m a scared and weak little girl. Naive and clueless.”
“Your Highness, that’s not true. You married a man to save your Kingdom. So did she. She made the best of it, or at least tried to and so will you. Won’t you?” She smiled down at  her.
Flossina nodded and smiled back. Encouraged by the gardners words.
“Unhand my wife!” She heard Torunn’s cold voice behind them.
They both were startled, and looked to see him standing in front of the garden’s entrance. It was an unexpected visit. He always left her alone when she came here. 
She watched him in his royal armor. looking the part of the strong, handsome, General. He never showed any outward emotion when they were in the presence of others below their station. He always seemed in control of his actions and emotions, until now. 
The old woman did as he commanded and spoke.
“Please, forgive me General... I had no right-”
“You’re quite correct.” He interjected. “You had no right, and yet you still did it. It is a crime to touch Royalty. I should see to it that your hands are cut off.” He threatened.
Flossina stood up and took a step forward then.“Please, husband.” 
He shot her a look that could kill. 
She continued. “General.” Her voice trailed off. 
“Go.” He commanded, and Agnes quickly walked out of the garden closing the iron gate behind her.
He rushed over to her. 
She never knew what to expect from him. She made sure her feet were planted firmly and that she was ready for whatever he said, or did to her.
 He stood so close to her his chin touched her head.
“No one is to ever touch you, but me. Do you understand?” He spoke above a whisper and his hands were gently running up and down her arms. She could feel his hands start to slowly apply pressure and squeeze her upper arms harder and harder with each passing second until it hurt. She inhaled sharply to hide the pain he was inflicting on her person. “If you let anyone else touch you without my permission and I find out about it, I will personally see to it that they are skinned alive. You. Are. Mine.” 
She wanted to run away from him. Her safe place seemed violated now, and the bright colorful flowers she had worked so hard on these past few days seemed spoiled. 
He let go of her then, took a step back, and surveyed the new plants. 
“I understand.” Was all she could muster up, remembering to take slow deep breaths to ease the throbbing pain she felt in her arms.
“Good. I wanted to speak with you about another matter .”
“Yes, husband.”
That word still sounded foreign to her own ears, but he refused to let her call him anything else while they were in private.
He motioned for her to sit down on the stone bench. He still stood with his hands clasped behind his back.
She sat down and waited for him to begin. 
He seemed to move easily in the heavy armor he wore.
 She knew from their bedding that he was muscular underneath all of that. She knew some women thought he was a perfectly sculpted man in every way. Now, he was towering over her as she sat down in the quiet garden. 
“Before I came to be in my current position your mother ended the great war. No one really understood how. I don’t think anyone cared too much. It was over, and their Queen could finally have peace, bury her husband,have her child, and live somewhat happily ever after.” 
She didn’t like the way he told this story. It was so matter-of-fact and cold. She knew he was going to ask her about the Jewel of Humanity once more. She had been waiting for this since he had gotten his hands back on her, but surprisingly enough he hadn’t brought it up, until now. He had been patient, or so he had led her to believe, but now she saw it was a calculated move on his part. 
“My mother never told me anything about this. As you know, we were very close. She never really liked talKing to me about the war, or my father.”
“Ah, I understand.” There was a long pause before he spoke again. “Your father was a great man. He was powerful, strong, and quite a formidable opponent. Unforgettable really. I can see why your mother never said anything about him. It was said they were true soulmates.” 
He walked over to her then, took her by the hand and assisted her up from her seat.
“I want to show you something.” He informed her, and led her through the garden slowly at first. 
Flossina was always wary of his actions, but knew she couldn’t pull her hand back without him reprimanding her, so she let him lead her deeper into her mother’s garden. First, they passed her mother’s greenhouse that held the various Orchids she loved. Then, they passed through the sculpted shrubs that were fashioned to look exactly like her mother and true father. She had never really noticed that before, and she realized she had never been this far back in the garden. Lastly, they walked through a maze made of shrubs and exotic plants. She recalled the maze from her childhood. It always overwhelmed and intimidated her. She always felt dimwitted because she could never escape it without someone’s assistance. She noticed that was not the case with her husband. Torunn knew it well. She had to lift her skirts to keep up with him. They made so many turns she had lost track of where they were. Just when she was about to protest he turned around and smiled at her. His smile was out of character. He only smiled at her misfortune. He slowed down the pace and she realized they had reached the end of the maze. There she saw a white alabaster mausoleum construct. It looked as if it were made out of skulls. She felt a shiver go down her spine at the morbid thought. She looked at him them. He was surveying her reaction to the hidden tomb behind the maze.
“What is this?” She asked him then. 
“You don’t know?”
“Why would I know about this place?”
He yanked her hard by her arm then. 
“Don’t.” He hissed against her ear.
“Please, I know nothing about this!”
Still holding her upper arm in his hard grip they walked up to the stairs and to the entrance of the tomb. Up close she could smell the aging of the place. It was an old place that smelled of decay. The alabaster the tomb was made from was a material they no longer used. Flossina had seen this drawing in the monk’s book, but she didn’t realize her mother had hidden it in plain sight within the castle walls.
“Your mother was hiding this wasn’t she? Why?”
He squeezed her arm tighter this time. She touched his wrist. Her eyes pleaded more than mercy.
“I told you. I don’t know!”
“No, you don’t. Do you Princess? You will soon enough. Come! ” He let go of her, then pushed her forward towards the tomb. She turned back to him and saw that two more guards had joined them. She wondered if they had followed them. Torunn pulled his dagger out then and pointed it at her. “Go!” 
Her eyes shot him daggers. Her anger was palpable now. He had set her up once more. These past weeks she had endured all of this because this was her Kingdom. It was all she had left in her life. Now the General was once more imposing  his will upon her in a manner that did more than offend her. He was trying to steal something from her. Something he, nor her stepfather deserve. The jewel of Humanity. This was her home and she would fight for it. She turned back around and went inside of the dark tomb. She slowly descended the stairs. They were uneven and wet. She could see puddles of water and hear dripping water far off in the distance. 
“Wait.” She heard the General’s voice and she waited on the stair.
He came up from behind her carrying a lantern in his hand that seemed to illuminate the way. He nodded then for her to proceed and they did. She felt her heart beating wildly. She didn’t know what to expect. With each step they took they walked further inside of the tomb. She could see various marKings carved into the old stone. Carvings she felt were vaguely familiar to her. She was tempted to stop and survey them, but didn’t. They continued onward until they reached the heart of the tomb. The floor was covered in water, only leaving a dry walkway in front of the podium. Behind the podium on the wall was a painting. Time had kept it well preserved. The figures in it looked exactly like the gods she had met on her journey in the afterlife. She could see the stories her mother had told when she was a child come to life on the wall. 
“This is where the holy man said your mother stopped the great war, princess.”
“How?” She asked in confusion.
“There is only one way to find out.” He said as he tried to grab her by her arm. she evaded the gesture and took a step back only to be met by the two guards. “Tie her to the podium !” He snapped and the guards did his bidding.
“No! Please!” She struggled against them, but it was futile.
The General caressed her face and she felt hot tears of frustration running out of the corner of her eyes.
“Why are you doing this?”
“It’s simple really. I want power, and you my dear, will give it to me. As we speak, someone is poisoning the King’s wine with one last fatal dose. We should hear the bells chime soon. His death will leave me in charge, and once I get my hands on that jewel I can conquer all the Kingdoms and be the most powerful ruler of them all.”
“You’re insane.” 
“Am I?” He smirked, then patted her cheek once more. “See you soon Princess.”
“Wait! You can’t leave me here !” She began to panic. 
His footsteps were becoming more distant until she could no longer hear them. Flossina had no idea how long she stayed tied up and stretched out on that hard podium. She only recalled the chamber being lit. She tried to lift herself up but the restraints were tied tight and placed above her head. It made it all the more scary for her. She had no idea how many people he had brought back with him or what they were going to do to her. It all seemed so surreal to her. She heard a low humming song. She realized she had heard it before, but she wasn’t sure when or where she had heard it. It seemed to resonate through her. She heard herself involuntarily gasp at its power over her. Her insides felt like they were burning.

It was him.  Torunn was back. This time he brought others with him. She counted four total. They wore red cloaks with long hoods that covered their faces. The limited amount of skin she was able to see on them were a sickly pale color. It frightened her. Then one spoke.
“We will see to it that we retrieve the stone, General.”
“I want her in tact. Do you hear me?The Princess cannot die. She must be alive for what is next.”
She heard his footsteps. He was leaving her here, with these things. She once again tried to wiggle, but it was no use. She looked in the opposite direction and saw the journals. They had them both now, her mothers and Baptistes.She dreaded what was to come.
“Ah, very clever.” She heard one of the evil monks say, as he read both journals simultaneously at an alarming rate.
“Vander, what did you find?”Another one asked.
“The General’s source was correct. The stone is hidden inside of her. The Queen performed a forbidden ritual on the Princess. It says here: nisi quod verum est de actum donandi erit reserare gemma perfer euntis in medio sui.”
She heard them gasp collectively. 
“Only a selfless act will activate the gem and unbind the Princess.”
Flossina was relieved to hear that at least it meant it could be resolved without harm to her person. 
“We don't have time ! I will speak the ancient language from the forbidden scrolls and try to remove it.”He offered.
“But, that could end in death. The General needs her alive for his next plan.” The other one countered. 
“If he has the jewel he will not need anyone or anything except that, because of its unlimited power.”
Flossina listened intently to them speaking. A selfless act for her had been to give up her life in exchange for Marlon’s and Deleav’s, but it had been no use. It hadn’t worked as she’d read in the book. She had thought maybe her latin had been rusty, but hearing the men quarrell about what to do with her let her know she had been correct. 
“Now, let us begin.”
 She watched as each monk stood on all of sides of her. They joined hands and looked heavenward. Their hoods fell back and she saw the brandings and inverted scriptures written into their skin. Their eyes went from pitch black to glowing white. She wriggled harder on the table. Then they all spoke as if they were one mind in several bodies. The language was familiar to her and she realized it was the language of the Gods. At first she could hear them chanting the words, but as the chanting intensified she absorbed the energy of the words and heard perfectly what they were saying. 
“Glory be to Osiris Un-nefer, the great god within Abydos, King of eternity, lord of the everlasting, who passeth through millions of years in his existence. Eldest son of the womb of Nut, engendered by Seb the Erpat, lord of the crowns of the North and South, lord of the lofty white crown. As Prince of gods and of men he hath received the crook and the flail and the dignity of his divine fathers. My heart my mother, my heart my mother, my heart my coming into being! May there be nothing to resist us at judgment; may there be no opposition to me from the Tchatcha; may there be no parting of thee from me in the presence of him who keepeth the scales! Thou art my ka within my body knitteth and strengthen my limbs. Mayest thou come forth to the place of happiness to which we wish to advance. " 
She felt her insides burning and she screamed from the searing pain. Tears sprang from her eyes and she tried to catch her breath. Still they chanted harder. 
“Behold, I gather together the charm from every place where it is and from every man with whom it is, swifter than greyhounds and fleeter than light. Behold, thou gathered together the charm from every place where it is and from every man with whom it is, swifter than greyhounds and fleeter than light,the charm which created the forms of existence from themother's thigh and createth the gods from silence, and which giveth the heat of life unto the gods. Behold, the charm is given unto Us from wheresoever it is, and from him with whom it is, swifter than greyhounds and fleeter than a shadow." She felt her body convulsing as the hot white pain seared through her.”
“Please ! Stop! You're killing me !” She screamed in between gut wrenching gasps. When she could open her eyes she saw their eyes had went from a bright white and were now red. They were still chanting.
“My heart, my mother; my heart, my mother. My heart of my life upon earth. May naught rise up against me in judgm-”
She closed her eyes as the pain washed over her in waves. She had lost control of her body and was about to lose consciousness when she heard a loud blast. She turned her head as best she could in the direction of the noise and saw a large, floating ball of fluorescent blue light appear from out of nowhere. She thought she was hallucinating. She watched as a dark shadowy figure stepped out of the light. The monks had finally stopped their chanting and were moving towards the dark figure she still couldn’t make out. She was too physically drained to exert any energy to focus her eyes. So she hung there holding onto her consciousness the best she could. She saw the figure take out a large blade and begin to kill each monk effortlessly. If She hadn’t been so drained she would have been elated by their turnabout. When he easily dispatched the last one by cutting his head off. She began to scream when she saw the shadow walKing her direction. She mustered up her last ounce of strength and began to try to wiggle free again while she pleaded.
“Please…”
She saw then the shadow was a man wearing head to toe black armor his face was concealed by a black mask. He leaned over her and she thought it would be the end for her. The monks had somehow summoned this demon when they were trying to retrieve the jewel from within her she thought. She watched him pull out a knife. She grew still. Then watched as he picked the locks on her ankle shackles. her legs fell hard on the cold concrete slab she laid on. She saw him go to her wrists next, and seconds later she heard the lite clicKing noise and her hands were free. She put them slowly down to her sides. Feeling pins and needles in her extremities from being in that position for so long. Just then she heard the palace bells chiming just as they had when her mother had been found dead.Was her stepfather dead now? Was this a part of the General's plan.
The stranger just stood there looking at her. Then he removed his mask. 
It was him.
It was Marlon. 
“You’re dead.” She said seconds before she fainted. 
Marlon caught her in his arms just in time...

25-Alert
Flossina awoke startled. She had had a horrible dream. She dreamt that she had married General Torunn, and he had let evil monks perform a forbidden ritual on her to retrieve the Jewel of Humanity, and while they did Marlon came back from the dead by materializing out of thin air and saved her. She looked around the room. It hadn’t been a dream. She saw his face again . It was marlon. His yellow eyes looked down at her and he smiled at her. She realized she was in his arms then. She sat up and saw the dead evil monks strewn on the stone floor around them.This all had been real. Marlon had materialised from thin air and saved her. She was so happy to see him, and the words Khepri had said to her weeks ago resounded within her. She felt all the sadness, all the longing, and all love that she thought had died with him bubble up within her until she could no longer contain her emotions. She cried freely then, it felt like a dam inside of her had broken and  it came out in sobs. Marlon never flinched at her outcry. He just held her in his arms and knew underneath his hard facade he himself, felt the exact same way she had. Happy to see her alive and completely lost without her. When she was done,which was a few minutes later, she wiped her eyes with the back of her hands.
“I... can’t believe you're... alive. I thought...”
“I know.” He said resting his soft warm hand on her cheek, not letting her complete her sentence.
“I’m so sorry. I disobeyed you… I should have never bargained with that monster of a man. You were ri…”
“Shhh, it’s ok. It’s in the past, and I am  here now.”
“How?” She asked.
“How, isn’t important. What’s important now is for you to find a safe place to hide.” He couldn’t afford to see her injured again, or worse. 
“Hide?” That word offended her. “No. I cannot.”
He smiled at her then. She was obviously being tortured when he had appeared in this old tomb, but standing here with her and seeing her defiance turned him on. He hated to think of what might have happened if he had arrived any later. He shook the thought off.
“How will we get you back inside of the castle?” He asked.  Only to see how well she thought on her feet. He was surprised by her once more when she spoke.
“You will wear one of the monks robes. That will get us back inside of the garden unnoticed. He told them to bring me back in one piece.”
She smiled at him then. She had missed him immensely and now he was back. Her bruises seemed inconsequential now that they were together again and had the element of surprise on their side. Once more she felt a glimmer of hope again. It felt good.
Marlon did as Flossina suggested and found a robe that wasn't covered in blood. He quickly put it on, making sure to hide all of his weapons underneath it. They quickly got out of the tomb undetected then maneuvered through the maze inside of Queen Bihadlly’s garden. They reached the shrub sculptures and Flossina stumbled. Her legs were still weak from the awkward position she had been in for such a long time. 
Marlon surveyed the area making sure to keep his hood over his eyes, his head low and ,his black mask covering half of his face.
Flossina inhaled the clean, crisp night air. She could hear the alarm bells chiming in the distance. She righted herself then as best she could. Her dress was dirty.  She pulled her sleeves over her blood encrusted wrists. Her feet were black. 
“I must go now!” She said.
“Where?” He asked. He hated to admit that he was worried about her.
“To finish this. Once and for all.” Her back was turned to him then. She spoke. “I love you Marlon, and I will be Queen. I cannot change either of those things.”
He hadn’t realized how dejected she had felt about him not wanting to be intimate with her. He had been trying to be noble and follow the rules of society. In retrospect he realized he had pushed her away at a very fragile time in her life. He gently took her by her hand pulled her up against the length of him and kissed her with all the pent up love, passion, and longing he felt for her since they met. He had fought for her in the valley of the dead. He could not deny that he loved her more than life itself, and he would always be her protector and the man she could depend on. Their mouths devoured each others while their tongues mated. Her slender arms slipped around his neck and his hands were gently holding her close to him. She felt thinner than he had recalled in the month he had been gone. When they broke the kiss both of them were hot and bothered. Flossina didn’t care that she was a married woman. This was the man she truly loved. This was the man she was supposed to be with, and in this moment that was all that mattered to her. She took a deep steadying breath and walked out from behind the shrubs, past the green house, and out of the garden. Marlon watched her. She never once turned around, for fear they would know something was amiss. The bells continued to toll and they both knew then that the King was dead…


THE THRONE ROOM…
Flossina had run to her room unnoticed, and quickly changed her attire making sure to bathe her face and wrists, which stung like holy hell. She soaked the dirt off of her feet and put on the black satin stocKings and slippers to hide the marks left on her ankles from the shackles. She wore a purple, satin long sleeved, v-neck gown that made her complexion look golden. She stood at the entrance of the throne room hearing the disruptive chatter that the General could not seem to control. 
The Lords of the court were in an uproar. They were worried. The King had promised them riches and favors for their resources and coffers and now he was dead. 
“Justice for the King !” One Lord shouted.
The crowd cheered in agreement.
“I will not pledge my allegiance to a girl barely out of the nursery, and a General I have not seen fight ! I don’t know about you all, but I have been a Chieftain Lord of Zuff since I was of age. My father was one and his father before him and so on. We were lead by real leaders. No Sir, I will not pledge my allegiance.” 
She recognized the man speaking in such a harsh manner. It was Lord Azelle of the north region. Flossina recalled how he had treated her mother. It had always been cold, misogynistic and sometimes rude. Her mother told her it was  because she was a woman in power, and he did not believe in such things.
“Is this how some of you all feel?” The General asked the audience. The crowd grew quiet. “I assure you my lords, and ladies my number one priority is to avenge King Fvendal and seek out justice for his death. I do not wish to cause a war, but if we must fight to continue to establish that Zuff is still the most powerful Kingdom in the land then we will do so. As far as my wife, and now Queen of Zuff, you may ask her these things yourself, for she is here now.”
The crowd did a collective gasp, and all eyes turned to her. She recalled when she first played this game with the General. It was to tell these people she was kidnapped and held against her will. Now she had to convince them she was worthy to rule them, even though this was her home and she was the rightful heir. They still didn’t trust her and felt she was too young. Flossina had never really given it any thought because her mother had always told her she would be a great ruler just like her, and she had believed her. Now standing here in front of all of these people she wasn’t so sure. The crowd parted like the red sea and she glided through the crowd as she walked past  people kneeled. When she reached the steps to the throne the General helped her. She turned her attention on the crowd and all but Lord Azelle bowed. She could see that it absolutely irritated the General, though he did hide it well. She had never addressed an audience this size before. She decided she would speak from her heart. She took a deep breath. 
“My dear countrymen, I wish to speak to you. My mother and my true father, the King and Queen of Zuff were wonderful people. Even as a parent my mother always made my needs and concerns seem valid. She was beautiful, kind to a fault and when she wasn’t seeing to my needs she was seeing to to the needs of you all, our people. As for my father, all my life I have heard about what a great man he was, and from the stories I've heard I would have to agree.” She heard chuckles in the crowd at her jovial memories. Some were smiling others were not. She didn’t stare at one person long, she just continued to speak and scan the crowd. “My stepfather was also a good man. He won my mother’s affection when he assisted her in the great war. He was a great hero as well.”
“Here! Here!” Shouted some from the crowd.
When they died down she spoke again.
“I only have my Kingdom left. Lord Azelle, you doubt my abilities, but I assure you my mother taught me well. You and I want the same thing. Justice for these unspeakable deaths, and peace in our land. Yes, this is our land. Not mine, but ours. Pledge your allegiance to me not because of the deeds of what my parents did before me, but on my own merit, on the hope that I will make sure we stand strong and united as my parents did, and take comfort in knowing that whoever is doing these hideous deeds will be punished. I am strong, capable, and above all I love my country. Thank you.”
She stood there stoic, looking straight ahead.
Then she saw it. One lord removed his sword and layed it in front of him and knelt,signifying his pledge to her. Then another and another, until all but Lord Azelle knelt. Her heart soared. She had won the allegiance of the Lords and Ladies of the Court. Her mother would be proud of her. The General stood beside her, then clasped her hand and held it. looking the part of supportive, protective husband to the young, future Queen. Her mind went to Marlon, and it took everything she had not to giggle like a schoolgirl at the thought of him being alive. The kiss they had shared prior to her coming inside of  the castle when the bells had rang replayed in her mind. She had her Kingdom now and the love of her life. Soon the General would be a thing of the past. 
The Lords rose. 
The General dismissed them.“Ladies and Lords, court is adjourned until further notice.” 
Everyone began to leave. 
She saw him nod to the guards who stood watch at the door. They acknowledged his gesture and as Lord Azelle tried to leave the room he was not given permission to pass the guards, so he waited. Bidding farewell to the other Lords and Ladies who quickly left the throne room.
 Once it was just him he turned back around and saw the General and Princess Flossina still standing in front of the throne.
The General spoke then with a look on his face that didn’t bode well with Lord Azelle. The rumors of the General’s ruthlessness were widespread and he knew them to be true. 
“Ah, Your Highness, is there a reason I am being detained?”
Flossina was about to speak when the General held up his hand to silence her and spoke for her.
“Yes, there is Lord Azelle.  You will first apologize to the Her Majesty for your rude, insolent, and treasonous remarks. Then you will pledge your allegiance to us, or I will have one of my men cut you down where you stand.”
Lord Azelle’s stature seemed to shrink in front of her very eyes. She saw fear in the old man's eyes. Not fear of her but the power the Crown she now possessed.  Everything her mother had said to her about being a wise ruler clicked in her brain now and she understood it so well. Marlon was alive and in the castle somewhere. She looked from one guard to the other, recalling how he had dressed up in disguise as one of them when he rescued her the second time. She then looked back at Lord Azelle. She couldn't afford to break character. She had to endure for just a little longer. 
She had known Lord Azelle since childhood. He had always been a staunch upper crust whose ideals were solely based on masculine qualities. Her mother would always speak about people challenging her ideas and beliefs for their Kingdom. She couldn’t help but think she was speaking of this man. Right now she had no control in this situation. It had to play through. No matter his fate she still had to worry about her own. At first the Lord just stood there. 
The General then unsheathed his sword and spoke.
 “She’s waiting.”
The Lord looked miserable. He had never been one to grovel or beg. The Princess's  mother had always ignored his rousing and always proved her worth in any and all royal duties. That would be no more. He would have to prove his worth now. His title and lands could be stripped from him. He really disliked the General ever since he had been inducted into the Royal Military service, two decades ago. Lord Azelle had always thought he was a self serving psychopath and right now he could see that was exactly what he was. No one else would say anything about it because they wanted to keep their titles and heads intact. Being a Royal servant had its disadvantages and that was one. The General had obviously been the one who killed the Queen, or at least had something to do with it. He had also manipulated the King and became his sole counsel and was rewarded with marriage to the Princess,the last heir of Zuff. It was clear as day to him. He wondered why the people of Zuff said nothing. Flossina was young, and beautiful like her mother, but she had also been sheltered by her mother and he wondered if she could lead the people the way they needed. He had fought side by side with her father and knew him to be a honorable man and a great King. He couldn’t bear to see this Kingdom fall in the wrong clutches.  He could not let this man get away with it.
He went to kneel, stopped inches before his knee would hit the ground, and stood up again.
“I will not, General Torunn.” 
Flossina was impressed by Lord Azelle. She thought he would surely bend the knee and pledge. 
The General held up his sword. She didn’t want to see any more death, so she did what she had to do. She used her power for the very first time.
“General, I command you to stop !”
The General stopped mid swing of his blade, looking as if he had just been struck by lightning. Then he turned to look at her and said “What did you just say to me, Your Majesty?”
“I said leave him be. You will not harm this man. You will put your sword away.” When he didn’t move she continued. “Now.”
He quickly sheathed his sword and walked back to the place he had been standing before. She turned and spoke to Azelle. “Lord Azelle,I have known you all of my life. I know you fought with my father and you feel my mother nor I am equipped to do the job, but you Sir are engaging in treasonous behavior with the natural born heir of Zuff. The most powerful Kingdom on Earth. I have no wish to quarrel with you or harm you. I only ask that you serve me as you did my father and mother and the last King. I trust my husband’s judgement, won't’ you?”
“No, Your Majesty. I will not. And it is because you trust his judgment that I will not pledge my allegiance. Torunn is a snake. A slimy parasite !! “
The General lost control and rushed him then, punching the Lord square in his Jaw, knocKing the old man to the ground and making him spit up blood.
The General hit him again and she watched the man lose consciousness in front of her. He stood over him then. She saw the madness in him. It was that same madness she had seen when she had first encountered him. She had to act quickly.
“Guards! Take Lord Azelle to the dungeon, now! I believe a stay there will change his mind.” 
The guards looked at her then at the General, when he nodded they nodded and picked the Lord up off of the marble floor and carried him out. It was just them in the room now. He turned around then and looked at her with that icy gaze she had come to associate with the pain he inflicted on her.
“You little bitch! How dare you give me orders in front of anyone!” He strode up the steps then grabbed her by her wrist and yanked her hard. She almost fell. He yanked again and she did. The unnatural way he held her arm made it strain even more with the angle he was holding it. She was kneeling in front of him now. He twisted her wrist and she cried out in pain. “You like this. If you didn’t you wouldn't disobey me so much.”
She shook her head no. 
“Please, husband.I am sorry. I will not interfere again.”
“I know you won’t.” He twisted her wrist more.
She let out a whimper then.
“You may be the Queen but never forget who helped you come into greatness.”
Her thoughts immediately went to Marlon and not her husband. He had helped her and saved her life too many times to count now and his loyalty was unfailing. She said nothing at his comment. Hoping her silence would be misconstrued for submission. 
“I am sorry. Please, forgive my foolishness.”
At those words he let go of her and stormed out of the large room. She crumpled to the floor. Her gown a satin pool around her. She felt disgusted by herself for being so weak. She exhaled then. She had to keep it together for just a little while longer. The General could not know what was going on, no matter how much she wanted him dead now….

Marlon had once again slipped inside of Castle Meadowbrooke undetected. He kept the robe on so no one would detect him. He was standing just outside of the throne room doors when they burst open and out came two guards dragging an unconscious man. He made sure to look down so they wouldn’t see his face that was now hidden under the hood. The doors were slowly closing when he saw the General and the Princess. She looked beautiful and capable and he looked angry that was all he saw when the large doors closed in front of him. A surge of jealousy shot through him. He needed to save her and help her. Just as he was about to enter the room by pushing the large doors open he saw a figure out of the corner of his eye.  He looked in the direction and saw it was Khepri. This time she wore a sheer gold robe. She smiled at him and rounded the corner. He knew from previous experience she wanted him to follow her. He didn’t want to leave Flossina alone, but he knew if she showed up she was trying to help. He quickly followed her by rounding the corner he searched for her and saw her at the foot of the stairs that led to the dungeon. He took the stairs two at a time wanting to know what she would say. She was gone by the time he reached the bottom he looked down the dark corridor for her but as fast as he had seen her she was gone. Now he stood on more stairs. It hit him then. She wanted him to find his father. He had forgotten all about him seeing the dire need of protection his love had needed upon his arrival back to the human realm. It was all overwhelming but he seemed fortified in his actions and knowing that the deeds he was doing was not only changing the destiny of the Kingdom but also aligning it cosmically. It was a noble deed. He saw there were five more flights of stairs. There was dimly lit torches posted upon the stone wall but it was still dark and gloomy. He quickly walked down the stone steps making sure that his feet made no sound. When he arrived inside the belly of the castle where they kept the dungeon he smelt it then, death, decay, that awful stench that only came with long term confinement. He first saw where two guards were watching on their post. He decided since he was still wearing his robe he would play the part of the holy man, after all they were allowed in this area. The guards said nothing to him. So he spoke.
“Good Evening. Her majesty just threw a man down here. I am here to get his confession.”
They exchanged glances then looked back at him. 
He quickly reassured them, “The General gave me orders.”
That seemed to work because they let him inside. The dungeon was horrible. The living conditions inhumane. Men and women were chained to a wall some were crumpled on the ground in a pile of their emaciated flesh and bones. He wondered how many were dead in there and the guards hadn’t cared enough to get him out. He noticed it was just one large cell. He counted thirty men and a few children in there. For those who saw him their eyes seemed to widen in fear and he wondered just how holy were the men who wore these robes he was disguised in. He scanned the cell and saw Lord Azelle in the corner.His well made clothing was now crumpled and bloodied. He was now missing his shoes. Marlon walked over to him and knelt down so he was eye level to the man. The man showed no interest, only disgust.
“I do not wish to give you my confession you bastard. I will rot in here before I pledge my allegiance to the General!”
Marlon now understood why this man had been thrown in the dungeon. He knew then he could trust this man to help him find his father. He took off his hood then and let him see his face. THe man recognized him.
“You...you’re that apothecary who killed the Queen and kidnapped the Princess.”
“Aye, you are sir.” His eyes grew big in wonder. “They all said that…” his voice trailed off.
“What did they all say?” He asked.
“That you were dead...that the General ended your life.”
He felt the anger building up in him. The General had killed him and the Queen. He was a master manipulator and Marlon was happy to end his life. He tormented his love. He was greedy and a madman.He decided to not mince words with the man.
“What if I told you that the story was actually the other way around? That it was the General who killed the Queen and tried to kill the Princess and that it was I who saved her?”
The lord surveyed him for a long while, showing more interest than he had initially.
“I would say that story is more plausible. What do you want from me?”
“I need your help.”
“Have you seen or heard of anyone down here named Ambrose?”
“Ambrose? I have not heard that name since….”
An old man interjected in a breathy raspy tone then.
“There is no one by that name here.”Marlon felt defeated by those words the man spoke on.“That man is in his own cell.”
Marlon stood up, relieved at that news. “Where is it ?” He asked.
The man pointed his index finger to the right of the cell. Marlon looked to his left and saw at the end of the corridor a lone cell with a large iron door. 
“Thank you. I will come back for you all.”
He walked away then towards the direction of the cell. When he was three feet away he stood there in front of it. 
He had waited so long for this. He would be the hero in him and his father's story. All the years of hard training and rough nights felt like nothing now that he stood in front of this door. He saw there was a long iron deadbolt on the outside. He quickly turned it, unlocKing the door with a loud click. He opened the cell. 
“Ambrose?” He called.
There was a silence. 
The room was dark but with the door wide open it illuminated it. He saw him. It was his father, or what was left of him. He was dirty with ragged trousers and a shirt that now looked like a vest. His beard was black with a white lightening bolt in the middle. It covered his chest and his long black and white streaked hair was down his back. He was dirty, reed thin and had dark circles under his eyes. He saw that his father didn’t recognize him.
 For some reason when he had pictured this moment he always thought his father would know it was his son who would be rescuing him, but he didn’t. His father reminded him of  a caged tiger at that moment, ready to strike anyone who came near. He spoke then
“Father, it’s me. Marlon.”
“Marlon?...My son…” He stood up from his sitting position then.
Marlon saw how skinny he was.
“It really is you? You...you came back for me? Even though I left you….I...I’m so sorry I left you alone in this cruel world...so sorry….the war I had to find who did it will..I had to….I’m sorry.” 
His father's ramblings broke his heart. He seemed manic.
“It’s alright.” He reassured him. “We have to get out of her now though.”
He wrapped his father's arm around his neck and put his arm behind him to support him and they slowly walked out the cell when they were halfway down the dark corridor he heard someone shouting to alert the other men. He picked up the pace.
“You!!! Ay! Ay! Stop him! Ay!”
Marlon walked even faster only to see the two guards he had met when he first came down here standing  in front of him blocKing his exit. One held an long ax and the other held a sword. Marlon Gently propped his father up against the stone wall. Then he pulled out his sword and a dagger. He turned around and saw the third guard. He noticed this time he wasn't nervous to fight these men, after fighting a golden statue men seemed pretty trivial to Marlon. He let them make the first move. The guard on the left swung his ax at him. With ease he dodged the blow while the second guard lunged his sword at him. He avoided that blow by ducKing. He quickly kicked the third guard in the chest and heard him slide on the cold floor. One down two to go. He thought. He swung with his sword hard hitting the ax and destabilizing it in the guards hands. The other guard raised up his sword high above his head, and with lightning speed Marlin put his knife under his chin and took it out before the guard fell to the floor dead. Two down, one to go. The last guard was still holding the long ax. The guard tried one last time and this time when he swung the long ax Marlon caught it mid swing with his bare hands, this time he pulled it out if the guard's hands and with one long swipe he cut the guard in half with his own weapon. He watched him fall down. It was handled, he thought. He went back over to his father who seemed fatigued due to his malnourishment. He once again wrapped his father's arm around his neck when his father yelled.
“Look out!”
Marlon used his cat like reflexes to block the blow the guard had just tried to give him. He dropped his sword and they scuffled then. Marlon had to admit the guard was strong and had him in a disadvantageous angle while he pummeled him. They punched each other as they rolled on the ground until finally the guard got on top of Marlon and began strangling him. He tried his best to fight the man's strong hands around his neck, but he was also putting his knees in his chest while applying all his weight in his hands. He felt himself losing consciousness when he heard a loud thump and and he could breathe again. His body welcomed the air and took it in big gulps. He coughed and sputtered when his vision became clear he saw the guard had been stabbed with his sword in his back. His father had killed him.
“Thank you, father.” He caught his breath, then helped his father up.
They walked out of the dungeon just like he had dreamed all those years ago…
   














26-King’s Funeral
Today had been overwhelming for Flossina. She still hadn't heard anything from, or even seen Marlon again, since the tomb. She didn't even know if he was still inside of the castle walls. It didn’t matter now. It couldn’t. It was already past dusk. The General had insisted they lay her stepfather to rest today, which was the exact same day he died, and a bit hasty in her eyes as well has the people, but no one dared judge his actions or say so publicly. She figured she had been tied up in that tomb for a few hours, but she couldn't understand why it hadn’t felt that long. 
He had allowed her one servant to help get her ready for the event. She was appraising herself in the mirror. She wore a floor length sheer black ball gown, that had beautiful black rhinestone flowering detail all over it. A black veil gently rested over her chignon, concealing her face just enough. There was a knock on the door.
“Enter.” She commanded.
“Your Majesty, it is time.” The guard informed her.
She nodded. Then thanked the servant for helping her. The servant curtsied and stood there waiting for her. She could hear it then filling the castle hallways and walls, the hymns were being sung in his honor. It was similar to what she had heard when she had been locked in the tower and denied the right to bury her only kin, her mother. Now she walked down the hall. Her emotions in check and well hidden behind a mask of calm she wore. When they rounded the corner the General stood there, as if he had been waiting for her to arrive. He was dressed in his finest garb, which was gold plated armour. She couldn’t ever say he was handsome because of what a mean man he was to her, but she knew some women found him to be very attractive. 
He linked their arms together then, and escorted her to the courtyard balcony where she would address her countrymen and bury her stepfather. 
“You look lovely, Your Majesty.” Torunn complimented her stiffly.
 She felt like that was his way of trying to be sympathetic towards her.
“Thank you.” She accepted the compliment. She had no choice at this point. 
They reached the balcony. Everyone got into their standing processional positions. 
“Don’t make a fool of yourself out there.” He said before turning on his heels and walKing out onto the balcony. She knew he hadn’t really been saying ‘don’t make a fool of yourself’. He didn’t want her to make a fool of him. Now wasn’t the time to, she thought to herself. This was an unfortunate, but well timed way for her to sway her people’s hearts back to her and receive loyalty and blessings from her very people. Something a true Queen needed most of all. For if they had not subjects who adored them and trusted them, they had nothing. She took a deep breath and walked out. She was taken aback by how many people were there. It looked as if the entire Kingdom of Zuff was in attendance. She heard the songs of the lamenters. The wailing and the moans of the King’s mourners carried up on the wind upward to her.The people looked back at her with the same intrigue and they began to to cheer for her. She wanted to smile, but knew Royal etiquette forbid it. She kept her movements calculated and her emotions somber. She raised her hand and the cheering immediately stopped. She spoke to them then. 
“King Fvendal, my stepfather, was a great man. He was not born of noble blood, but he became King nonetheless. He was a champion for my mother, winning her heart and all of yours. He was an exceptional father, and that is how he won mine. He gave his life to a falling Kingdom with hope for their Queen and an unborn child that was not his. He won the war and made the Kingdom stronger. He continued a legacy. As long as these stones hold up our castle walls, and there is breath in all of our bodies, he will never be forgotten. For his name will be written on every scroll in the history books of Zuff.” The crowd cheered again. “ I have lost quite a lot in these months passed, and endured hardships at the loss of my mother, my father, and now my stepfather, but yet, I will go on. We must go on. I am greater than my losses-We are greater than our losses. No matter how large they seem, we are larger. No matter how great our enemy is, we are greater. Justice will prevail, and whoever did this to the King will surely get the full measure of the law ! ” The crowd cheered again.
“To King Fvendal, may he be welcomed into the gates of the hereafter.” She then did as tradition dictated, she began the funeral hymnal. “Oh sleep good King. Rest your weary head. As the sun rises, so shall it set. Oh sleep good King.”
She let a single tear fall as she held the last note and the people began to sing the rest. Holding their lit candles upward to the sky. As they did, she saw eight guards carrying the dead King, who was lying on a gold laden stretcher. The crowd immediately began to part for them and the funeral procession began. 
Flossina watched the people’s faces intently and it appeared Each person the procession passed seemed truly devastated by the loss of her stepfather. She knew she would never be devastated. The General had used him to kill her mother and now marry and control her. He’d been a snake, just like the General. If he’d had his way she would be dead by now. He was dressed in the traditional white linen robe with a thin gold crown atop his head. His hands were folded over his midriff. He was surrounded by his prized possessions. He looked peaceful to her now. They put him atop the pier and let each person come walk around it. All the while throwing their candle into the pier to set it aflame. Even when the Pier was at full blaze the people still paid their respects and threw their candle in. The sobbing of the people could be heard, yet she still felt nothing for the man who co-conspired with the General to kill her and her mother all for power. 
She didn’t know how long they all stood on that balcony watching the funeral,but it had grown chilly and the General wrapped her in a black fur shawl. She didn’t want to stay for all of it and she wasn’t obligated to do so. She left the balcony making sure to wave once more at the people before leaving. She was immediately followed by the General. He seemed worse today, she noticed. He seemed on edge about everything. 
“May I escort you to your chambers,Your Majesty?” He offered dryly. 
She couldn’t say ‘no’. She waited for him to catch up with her and they walked in silence until they reached her quarters. She was surprised by this because they always seemed to stay in his chambers. He opened the door for her and she walked in first. The room had already been prepared. A small table laden with her favorite dishes. Her bed was also turned down. There was a fire going in the fireplace. It was all very cozy, and comforting. She took her shawl off then and laid it across the foot of her bed. She had missed sleeping in here. Alone. Away from him. In her own space. 
“I thought it best you stay here now. I’m sure you’re under a great deal of stress. ” He was behind her then, massaging her bare shoulders. She felt violated. 
“Really?”
“Really, Your Majesty. I took the liberty of having the maid run you a bath as well. I have some business I have to attend to tonight. I will not see you until I have concrete evidence on who killed the King. ” She wondered why he bothered with the lie. She knew he had killed the King. He planted a kiss on the base of her neck, and walked out. 
She breathed a sigh of relief. She was finally out of his grasp. She sat down at the table and ate as if she were starving. She ate the grapes first and smiled at how delectable they were.
“Someone’s enjoying their meal.” 
She jumped at that voice. It sounded familiar.Then it registered. It was Marlon. She abruptly stopped eating and quickly scanned the room to see if she could find him. She got up from the table and slowly turned in a semicircle. He had to be in this room. 
“Marlon? Where are you?” She whispered then. Not sure who was watching her door. “Come out this instant.” She slowly turned in the opposite direction then and she saw it. His shoes were poKing out from under the drapes that covered the window several feet across from her bed. She walked over slowly making sure he wouldn’t hear it even in the big gown. She quickly opened the drapes to find that he was not there. Instead, she was met by the cool night breeze and the sounds of the funeral hymns still being sung. 
“Good try.”
She heard him say and quickly turned around. She saw him then, lounging on her chaise eating her grapes. She put her hands on her hips then and rolled her eyes at him. He chuckled. She realized she hadn’t really heard that come from him, but she had to admit she enjoyed it very much. He was back and she wanted someone to pinch her so she knew it wasn’t a dream. She had prayed so hard for the chance to see him again and here he was. Playing hide and seek peekaboo games in her quarters. She wanted to kiss him then and there. She had promised herself that if her prayer was ever answered she would do what she said she would do and make sure that Marlon showed his love to her and she to him. 
She stopped when she was two feet in front of him when she slipped out of her black formal evening gown. She wore a sleeveless black chemise underneath. It hugged every inch of her body. Marlon felt instantly aroused by her beauty. He saw the look of longing in her eyes. She wanted him. She wanted him to take her and do what they both had been wanting to do since he had kissed her the first time. He stood up and took his black shirt off. She marveled at the well defined muscles on his chest. She reached her hand out then and lightly traced his hard body. He was warm. He was real. He had come back to her. She got on her tiptoes and kissed him on his lips then. She was just going to give him a peck, but he wouldn’t let her break the kiss. It turned sultry,and hot, in no time, his tongue gently dipped into her mouth. With each wet thrust she felt her loins come to life. She returned the kiss with fervor as she wrapped her arms around his neck, trying to get closer to him. Her feet barely touched the ground. The kiss deepened and she let out a little moan when he wrapped one arm on her back to support her and picked her up. Marlon was extremely turned on by Flossina. So much so that his erection was stretching against his leather trousers, and he didn’t know how much longer he could keep up this foreplay without ripping the rest of her clothing off. He hadn't been with a woman for a few years. She was driving him mad with the way she ground her pelvis into his erection. He wondered if she even knew she was doing that. There was an urgency to their foreplay. He ripped the chemise off of her body, and carried her to her large bed. Placing her in the center. He gently got on top of her. He was mesmerized by her beauty and courage. He loved her, and he knew now he couldn’t ever go back, or put up a wall and leave her out of his life. She was the only reason he had fought so hard to get out of the underworld. She was his life, and now she was naked underneath him looking up at him with adoration, love, and lust. What more could a man ask for in his mate he asked himself. He leaned down then, shifting his weight not to crush her and they continued their kissing session. Flossina was enjoying Marlon's lips so much she had almost forgot about what was in store until he broke the kiss and began to make a trail of light kisses on her body. He started by placing a peck on her forehead, which made her smile wide. Then he moved to her nose.  Even further to her lips. She was enjoying it very much.  He made a trail from her neck, where he planted light ones all over her down to her full breasts. He took his sweet time suckling each one. She felt her body responding and heating up more with each touch and sensation he brought to her. He was in between her thighs and she had never imagined a man could kiss a woman down there, but Marlon did. At first with his lips then he made slow circles with his tongue. She felt herself unable to control her moans at the intense pleasure that he was giving her or her hips, which seemed to move in a rhythmic fashion of their own. He drove her to the edge. Before she could become fully engrossed in the sensation he was giving her he turned it up a notch by engulfing her clit into his mouth and sucKing on it gently. She cried out in pleasure then and her hips bucked against his face while her legs shook uncontrollably. She was scared, pleasured, and euphoric all at the same time. She had never experienced anything sexual, much less on this intensity scale. She felt as if she were flying in the clouds and had been shot by arrows of pleasure. She felt her body shake against his face, and she screamed as her mound continued to convulse inside of his mouth. It felt amazing, she thought. He got up then and positioned himself in between her legs.
“Flossina, this will hurt.”
She thought he was talKing about for him. He spread her legs wide and entered her with one mighty thrust. 
“Get out of me ! Ouch !” She began to wiggle, then he moaned.
“Please, stop. Be still.”
“No! It hurts.”
“I’m so sorry, but I told you. I’ve hurt you my love. I will never do it again.” He saw the tears in her eyes. He wiped them away and then kissed her again. The kiss took her mind off of the sharp intense pain she felt. 
Marlon began slowly moving his hips and the pain turned into something else. She felt herself moan uncontrollably then. He kissed her again and their bodies became more entwined in passionate love making. Flossina had almost forgot where they were. He was so good with his hands and mouth. She thought. She felt the same build up she had when he had licked her ripe peach. It was intensifying with each thrust. He felt so big to her. She dug her nails in his arms to not yell out. She wanted to savor this moment. She felt her body orgasm again and this time the feeling made  her laugh. He smiled at her then. 
“I love you. Flossina.” His golden eyes seemed to sparkle. 
“I love you too Marlon.” She smiled up at him and kissed him on his lips.
His thrusts became harder, deeper , and faster. She felt herself orgasm at the same moment she felt his member pulsate inside of her. He fell on top of her. He was out of breath. They had said the things they both feared, she thought.
“I love you Marlon.” She whispered, overcome with emotion. 
The tears fell from her eyes.
 He lifted his head then and gently caressed her face with his hand. 
She caught it in her own and held it there before kissing him again. He slowly pulled out of her and rolled off of her, making sure to bring her with him. He positioned her in the crook of his arm . her head lay on his bare chest. His breathing had slowed now. He felt wonderful, she thought. She missed his nearness. His scent. He was rubbing her bare back. It made her feel even more relaxed. She lazily put her leg over his. “I thought I’d never see you again.”
He kissed the top of her head. “I know. I thought the same. I owe you an apology.” He said
“Oh? For?” She yawned. Her eyelids were getting heavy.
“For not believing you before,about you seeing your mother.”
She picked her head up then and looked at him. He continued.
“When I died I was brought before King Osiris and other gods. I saw your mother there.”
She smiled. “And how was you journey?” She asked, now intrigued.
“ I got back to you, so i can't complain.”
His light hearted comment made her smile. This was all she had wanted the last month. To be held in his arms and his warm companionship. He still slowly rubbed her back and the rhythm made her feel sleepy. She laid her head back down. He stroked her hair then. She wanted to know more. What did he see when he was there? It all made her wonder and want to know more.
“But, marlon what did he say to you? King Osiris?”
Marlon didn’t know if he should tell her what the King had said to him. He wanted to wait until he could make things completely right. 
He and his father had found an old tunnel underneath the castle that led to the garden he and Flossina had been in. It had been dusk and the old woman was only inches away from them. She didn’t seem alarmed to see them, in fact, after quickly assessing them she spoke words he was surprised to hear.
“Take him into the greenhouse. Go to the Princess. She is in need of your help.”
He was apprehensive of the words she spoke. How could she know what was going on, but she spoke again, this time quickly and he knew then he could trust. 
“Marlon, you must put your father in the greenhouse if you wish him to live. The guards are going to be here any minute now searching. They never search the garden,particularly the greenhouse. Queen Bihadlly restricted it. Now, go !” 
Her words snapped him out of his trance. He heard footsteps, which made him quickly half walk and half drag his father into the greenhouse. Marlon was shocked at the beauty of it all. It was more than just a green house it looked like a tropical oasis with large water fountains and hummingbirds flying past. Different orchids ornately placed on marble pedestals. Queen Bihadlly had taste he remebered thinKing. He leaned against the door hearing the footsteps of the soldiers come closer. Then one spoke.
“Old woman we are here to search the premises.”
“I would never stop you, but stay on the stone path. This garden costs more than your life.”
Marlon thought the old woman was spunky. When he heard the soldiers walk away he proceeded to walk further into the greenhouse. He looked to his right and noticed a cabana style space made up of palms. Inside was a bed made of bamboo with pillows. He went in that direction and quickly sat his father down. He looked beside the bed and noticed a small bamboo end table with water on it. He quickly made his father a glass and put it to his lips. He coughed on it,but continued to drink. Marlon poured another glass and this time he took the glass from him and drank on his own. 
He knelt down beside the bed. His father was weak and possibly sick. He felt horrible about leaving him here in his time of need. 
“Don’t worry about him. He will be fine.” He heard the old woman’s voice from behind him. He looked at her then. “I am Agnes. I was the Queens gardner and a close confidant. I assisted her and built this place along with her, side by side. I recall you and your father... Marlon. I am sorry. Queen Bihadlly knew your father was framed. She could not prove it. She would have me bribe the guards and send food.” Marlon was surprised to hear that. He thought everyone thought his father was a traitor. “You don’t have much time. Now is the time to go to the Princess. Tonight the General must move her back to her royal quarters. Wait for her there.”
“Why are you doing this?’”
“I told you. It’s what the Queen would have wanted. I will see to it that your father is taken care of. I swear it.’”
He nodded then looked at his father who was already asleep on the bamboo chaise, then back at the old woman. She was kind and in an odd way reminded him of his grandmother. 
He left then. Easily finding his way back into the castle undetected. He had waited for her in the room and heard every oily word that snake had said to her. It cut him deep when he had heard her call him “husband”. He had wanted that privilege. He had been so happy to see her, and hadn't expected her to undress and want him to take her then and there, but they had. Now here they were. He still had to protect her. He couldn't tell her about his father just yet. He snapped back to reality. Flossina was still staring at him. He realized he hadn’t answered her question, and he wasn’t going to. He didn’t want to worry her needlessly. So instead, he pulled her down on top of his muscular chest and kissed her lips. 
Flossina forgot all about the questions she had running through her mind when his lips captured her, and now she recognized her bodies responses. She was highly attracted to him, and he to her. His hands were running through her hair, onto her soft skin and further down to grope her buttocks. She straddled him without breaKing the kiss. The skin to skin contact drove her insane. She felt herself grinding into his groin. Marlon moaned, then flipped her over and entered her swiftly. She inhaled the pleasure and wrapped her legs around his waist tight as his sweet rhythm persisted. She kissed his cheeks, his chin and his neck, biting his shoulder as he groaned low in her ear. 
“You feel amazing. I don’t know if I’m going to be able to stop making love to you tonight.”
Those words were her undoing. Whatever inhibitions she had were all cast aside and she smoldered in the pleasure of his love and their intimacy. It felt perfect to her, and she realized she was enjoying everything about him. Her orgasm came swift and she felt her body react. She let out a loud moan and Marlon quickly covered her mouth with his own to muffle the sound. She squeezed him, and he felt himself spilling his seed inside of her. Slamming himself into her as held on to her hips. He realized he was still kissing her mouth.
“I’m sorry.” He apologized.
“It’s quite alright.” She said, out of breath, and completely sated. Then she found herself laughing and she looked at him laying on the pillow across from her and saw him smiling at her. 
“I’m so happy.”
“Why is that?” She asked.
“Because we made love.” He stated matter of a fact.
“No, that can’t be.”
He chuckled as he pulled her closer towards him on his side of the bed. She snuggled up against him, wiggling her bare buttocks on his bare groin. She let out a sigh, then repeated herself. 
“No, that just can’t be. I’ve….I’m married. I have done this before and it never made me feel this way.” 
She felt ashamed to admit that to him. She was happy her back was turned to him. She couldn't bear to see his face now. 
“Yes, Floss, it can be. Do you know why? Because your husband isn’t me. We are meant to be together. Forever.”
She looked into his eyes. He was so protective of her and she loved that about him. She laid on his chest then and spoke before her eyes closed for the night. “Together forever, My love...”
*********
Flossina awoke in the middle of the night. When her vision corrected itself she saw Khepri, the goddess, smiling down at her while she lay in bed.  She wasn’t in the least alarmed, just confused. Khepri put her index finger to her lips to motion

her to be quiet. She nodded then, and gently removed Marlon's muscular arm from her thin frame. She looked at him to see if she had disturbed him, but she had not.He was sound asleep. She gently got out of bed. She saw marlon's shirt and put it on. She could smell him in it. It made her happy in a way she had never known. 
Khepri noticed the door that lead out to Flossina’s personal patio door opened and she went outside. Flossina followed her. The air was crisp and cool on her skin and sent a shiver through her. She didn’t know if she was awake or dreaming. Her presence had that effect on her. She was always baffled at Khepri's timeless beauty. 
“Why didn’t you tell me Marlon had been called to you and the King? I have been so worried I would never see him again!”
“It had to be done. I could not, and can not tell you your fate. All I can do is encourage you to see you for who you are.”
That didn’t make any sense to her. 
“What do you mean? I am trying ! I have had everything taken from me over and over. I can’t catch up with the blows of life.” She felt the tears of her inadequacy roll down her cheeks. “I’m sorry. I am a failure to you and King Osiris, and to my mother.”
She was about to rush past her and go back into the room when Khepri spoke to her. 
“You have never been and will never will be a failure. This is what I mean. You act so broken. When in reality you have been strengthened by these hardships. What if I told you that your love had hardships? That he had come face to face with on the other side to get back to you? Would you still shrink in fear of this General or would you remember the things your mother instilled inside of you to never look down and to never forget you are a Queen?Born a Queen . Live as a Queen ! I am sorry. I digress. I am here because it is time.”
“Time for what?”
“To show you what I showed your mother before she became Queen.”
“Oh.”
“Close your eyes.”
Flossina did as she requested.
“I want you to picture yourself.”
“Alright.” Flossina confirmed.
“Now I want you to lift up your left hand and close it into a fist.”
Flossina was wondering why she was doing this.
“Now open your hand and open your eyes.”
Flossina did as she was told and she was rewarded by holding a large red stone in the palm of her hand. She hadn’t been expecting this. She stood there shocked.Then she asked the question she already knew the answer to.
“Is this the Jewel of Humanity? The stone my mother hid inside of me?”
Khepri nodded.
“Why ? How was I able to do that just then ?”
“Because you believed you could Flossina.” She smiled her breathtaKing smile. “Remember all things are possible. Who you are is limited by who you think you are.”
“Thank you, Khepri.”
“I must go.” 
Flossina watched as Khepri jumped on top of the edge of the patio ledge. She looked down at Flossina, then materialized into a large golden owl and flew away. Flossina  learned some things in that moment. The first, was that she hadn’t been asleep when she spoke to the Demi-goddess, and the second, was how to make the jewel disappear again.
 She was fascinated but cautious with this new talent. She decided she couldn’t tell Marlon about this now. The thought of him made her realize she was still standing outside in the cold with nothing but a silk robe on. 
She opened her patio door and went back inside. She felt the warmth of the room. This had all been real. She walked back over to the bed a single candle still burning. She stared at him then. He was handsome,strong and the love of her life. Khepri had been right. She would be a Queen soon and she had to protect her Crown and herself from the lies and destruction she knew was coming her way. She started to feel the overwhelming emotions of helplessness bubble up inside of her, but looking at him she knew she no longer needed to feel that way. She had the stone, a champion on her side, and the gods favor. She would not lose…


  27-Crowning Glory
Flossina’s day started with a fair haired servant girl  knocking on her door three times . It was opened by one of the guards who stood watch . The servant was bringing her breakfast. She had thought they were caught for sure when she realized he wasn’t there. He had left her. Again. She knew he’d be back, but for now she still had to play this charade with the man she didn't love, like, or even respect for that matter. She had no choice. She had to come up with a backup plan in case Marlon was unable to help her. 
She sat up in her large bed. She saw no visible sign that Marlon had even been in her chambers. The only sign was the soreness in between her thighs. 
The young girl sat her tray down on the table and then spoke.
 “ Good morning, Your Majesty. Your breakfast and bath is ready for you.” She smiled, curtsied, then took two steps back and left her room.
Flossina got out of the bed then, making sure to put on her robe. With each step she took the soreness in her thighs reminded her of all the things she’d done last night. She headed inside her closet whew a copper tub with steaming hot water was already set up for her. There was also a single chair. She checked the water temperature, stepped inside the tub and sat down inside the jasmine scented water. Her soreness was eased a considerable amount after twenty minutes of a good soak.
The words she and Khepri spoke last night resonated with her today. When she was done bathing she stood up from the tub and just as she did so her husband entered the room.
 He was openly ogling her naked form. He just stood there, and refused to look away or leave. She knew he did it on purpose, just to see her unease. 
Her robe was lying on the chair that was a few feet away from her. 
She reached for it. 
He rushed over to her then, grabbed the silk robe for her, and held it away from her. 
She looked at him in surprise. His eyes held a certain mischief that didn’t sit well with her. She knew he wanted her to cover herself or hide her body, but now that she’d experienced the depth of Marlon’s love it seemed to add to her confidence. She just stood there looking at him as if he were nothing. She saw that it bothered him. He spoke then.
“Good morning, Your Majesty. You’re looking….well.” The way he said it made her feel sleazy but she still held on to her confidence and said nothing. “We have your coronation today. Traditionally you would be given a month practice, but, alas this is how it must be done. You also have a meeting with me to discuss our plan.”
“Plan?” She spoke then. 
“Yes, Your Majesty. Our plan to find the killer of your stepfather.”
“Why? You were the one who killed him.”
The room went quiet. She didn’t  know if he was more surprised at her comment or angry. Either way he deserved it, she thought. There was no use in shrinKing away now or ever in the future. 
He continued to look upon her wet naked body. He walked forward then, only inches away from the tub. She thought he was going to reach out and touch her, but he didn’t. He just smiled a thin emotionless smile and spoke.
“You are correct, Your Majesty.” He stepped closer then and grabbed her by her arm yanKing her making her almost topple out of the tub. The water splashed. She found her footing. When she did she noticed her face was mere inches away from his. “If I ever hear you utter those words again I will personally make sure you are punished. Are we clear?”
She said nothing just looked at him. He applied pressure to her arm causing her to whimper.
“Are we clear?” he repeated.
“Yes, General. We are clear.”
“Good.” He let go of her then and walked out of the room without a second glance.
She got out of the water then, wrapping the robe around her wet body. She went into her bedroom and noticed Alexi was waiting there for her. She was happy to see the girl. It had been weeks since she’d last seen her.
“Alexi! I am so thrilled to see you.” She said smiling. She hadn’t realized how fond she had grown of the girl in such a short period of time. 
The girl’s face was forlorn and her eyes that once sparkled seemed dead. 
She hung her head down and the beautiful chestnut hair she once had was dull and cut in a crooked bob style. Flossina knew then something was wrong. She rushed over to the girl putting both of her hands on her shoulders then. She looked up at her. And opened her mouth. Flossina was appalled to see that the young girls tongue had been taken out. She wanted to cry for the girl. She didn’t ask who did this to her because she knew who did. The general and his men hurt her. Why ? He seemed to enjoy harming the people closest to her.  She saw there was still her silver tray of breakfast. Alexi looked reed thin and her clothes looked dirty.
“Please, Alexi, sit.” She took her over to the settee the girl shook her head no the entire time. “I insist. I know you were sent to help, but let me help you. Please, sit.  I can dress myself.” She reassured the girl. 
After several minutes of Flossina speaking Alexi gave in. Flossina picked up her breakfast tray and sat it on Alexi’s lap. She smiled at the girl.
“For me, please, eat.”
Alexi rolled her eyes and sighed heavily. Then began to eat. Flossina was pleased with her small triumph and definitely infuriated with the Generals actions. She looked on her bed and saw the large cream and gold colored gown atop it. It looked bigger than her wedding gown. She couldn't help but feel sad this day. Today was yet another momentous moment in her life and her parents weren’t here to see it. She would become the Queen of Zuff. Rule the strongest Kingdom with no family left. She felt the tears beginning to sting her eyes and she took a deep breath to clear her thoughts and hold them back. She took her robe off and began to dress herself. She thought she looked beautiful in her full length mirror. The dress’s tulle made her look as if she were floating. The cream color made the hue of her skin seem warm and glowy. She turned around to ask Alexi how she looked but noticed Alexi had curled up on the settee and was fast asleep. She walked over to her and covered her up with one of her furs. The motion didn’t seem to wake her. Flossina opened her bedchamber door and the guards waited for her command. 
“To the chapel.” She commanded. 
When she noticed one of the guards was about to enter her room she continued. “My chambers are off limits.”
“Your Majesty, the girl must be removed from your quarters and taken back to her cell.”
“No, she will not. She will stay here.”
The guard looked as if he wanted to say something to her.
“You will disagree with your future Queen?” She kept his gaze, unwavering.
looking into his dark eyes hidden underneath that helmet hiding his face. He was much bigger than her, but she didn’t care at this moment. She had to protect the young girl and if that meant letting her stay in her chambers until she returned then so be it. It felt like several minutes but was only a few seconds when the guard stood down then.
“No, Your Majesty.”
“Good. No one is to enter or leave my chambers until after my return, and no one is to speak of this to the General.”  The last comment got them. They both looked at her shocked, “Understood?” They both nodded. “Now, escort me to the Chapel.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.” 
The Chapel was at the very top tower of the castle. The pillars and butrices rose to the sky, which was its ceiling. The chapel’s paintings were intricately designed and painted onto the walls. The floor was made of white marble and green lush grass. At the head of the Church was three stairs and above those three stairs sat a large marble throne. Her Lords and Ladies were dressed in the traditional lavender colored robes with a black band around each one’s left upper arm, to show solidarity for the mourning of the King.  
Flossina was terrified on the inside. The events were continuing to unfold, and she could do nothing but wait, and try to hold her composure. She saw the sea of faces before her and she felt as if she couldn’t breath. The General had said they usually had time to practice this but that wasn't the case now. She had been thrown into this ceremony and expected to act as if she knew it. 
“Remove your shoes please, Your Royal Highness.” The Royal Priest announced.
She did as he commanded. 
“Now, you may step forward.”
She did just that. 
The room was silent. 
Everyone’s eyes on her. The soon to be reigning Queen. Everyone’s responsibilities and concerns would become her own. There would be no going back to the naive girl she had been before this had all began.  
She reached the bottom of the stairs. The royal priest stood on the top step. He began.
“Everyone here will regard this day. For you are the blood and the life of our land. You were born for the single purpose, to rule this land. Chosen by the God of all gods to lead, protect, and serve those who cannot. What say you Flossina, Daughter of Zuff ?”
“I will regard this day. For my blood is this land. I was born to rule this land. I was chosen by the God of all gods to lead, protect, and serve those who cannot.” She turned around then to face the congregation and spoke, “What say you people?”
Everyone said it simultaneously. “Aye.”
“So let it be written. So let it be done.” 
The music started then and the priest asked her to kneel in front of him.
 She did so. 
He placed the crown upon her head and the heaviness of it instantly hit her. 
He touched her shoulder then and she stood up straight as she slowly turned towards the crowd. He guided her towards the marble throne. They began to sing Zuff’s anthem.
“The night was long, the day was gone. We saw the dusk we saw the dawn. Some lives were lost our victory was won. Zuff thy name to behold…”
She still felt it was all unreal, and even more so when she saw them all kneel when she arose. She was no longer a Princess. Her life no longer her own. She knew then she could no longer cower or be fearful of the General. Not anymore. She knew soon after this he would want to place blame on a poor unfortunate, or worse a neighboring Kingdom. Then it hit her. That was his plan. Instead of having her marry the young prince her stepfather had mentioned before this had all began. He had kept her for himself, and would blame the murders on them, just like he had before. She knew then what she had to do. She had to kill the General and end the madness once and for all…
***
Marlon had easily snuck out of the castle, making his way back into the Queen’s garden, all before dawn. 
He hated leaving Flossina and her warmth, but he had to make sure his father was alright. The way his father had looked when he had found him in that rotten smelling cell had broke his heart. The strong features he had remembered as a young boy were gaunt with age and mistreatment. He could barely walk. The old woman he had left him with seemed nice and helpful, but he needed to find a more permanent safe place for him. Somewhere outside of the Kingdom. He was standing in the greenhouse now, looking on as his father weakly grabbed the wooden cup off of the bedside table next to him. His long salt and pepper beard and hair covered the majority of his face, making it hard for any onlooker to determine if they were kin. His father had the same yellow eyes as him. He could tell he had been bathed,his hair had been put in a ponytail, and his clothes had been changed from those rags to something more comfortable. He looked much better, but still looked sickly to Marlon. 
His father turned around and looked in his direction then. Recognition in his eyes. He pushed the covers off of him, stood up, wobbly at first, and then walked over to his son. 
“My boy.” He whispered.
Every emotion Marlon had felt in the desert of sorrow came crashing back to him. He had missed his father more than he would care to ever admit. He held back the tears or any sign it was affecting him.
His father stood in front of him. 
He noticed he was a few inches taller than him. 
His father was smiling at him now. “My boy, you are all grown up. I have missed you. I am so sorry.” He rushed on. “Please forgive me. You were a boy and I…”
Marlon stopped his words then. “It’s alright. We have now.” His words seemed to calm his father and he was relieved for that little blessing. “And right now we have to get you out of here before they find you. I know Ms. Agnes says this is like a sanctuary, but I’d feel a lot safer if you were far from here.” He voiced his concerns then, hoping his father would agree. 
“What can they do to me that they already have not done?” His father looked at him. “Sit with me and talk awhile. I am interested and want to hear about how you came to rescue me.” His father made it seem as if they had all the time in the world. 
Like Flossina was not in need of rescuing. He didn’t want to offend his father or take for granted the fact this was the first coherent conversation they had had in years. 
He looked around the greenhouse and noticed they were all alone.
“The old woman is gone. She told me she would return, soon.”
Marlon nodded and walked in the direction of his father and sat in the chair beside the small cot his father had been resting on. His father was already back in his resting position. Marlon fixed the covers for him. He was smiling intently at him . he hadn’t realized how much he’d missed his father until now. looking into those matching yellow eyes. 
“Where should I start?”
“I’m sure we don't have enough time, so wherever you like my boy.”
He cleared his throat and spoke then. “Well for the past ten years or so I have been the Leader of The Collective. I have protected those who swore an oath to a crown that betrayed them. Grandmother taught me some of her glamour magic. She told me she could only teach me one spell because she knew how much you disagreed with the use of magic.” He saw his father chuckle at that . “ I use it solely for the purpose to hide us away. We followed the code to the letter. We also hid in plain sight. We were able to move about the Kingdom seamlessly. A few months back Queen Bihadlly was murdered.” He saw it then, the shock on his father's face of the news. His father looked at him again and spoke.
“Continue, please.” He said. 
“The very same day the Princess ended up on my doorstep nearly dead and unable to recall the events that led up to her present condition. She had no idea her mother had been killed. Then it got strange.”
His father slanted his head a little. “How so?” He asked.
“She escaped my castle. Which is impenetrable and if you are not familiar with cannot leave, but she did, and she ended back here, castle Meadowbrooke. She had plans of killing her stepfather because she believed King Fvendal was the cause of this, but soon she-we realized it was General Torunn.” That statement seemed to spark his father and he watched his father's features go from docile to angry in a millisecond. 
“General Torunn. The bastard, who hurts women and children. He put me in that hole after I had found out about his conspiracy to incite a war and kill the King. He knew my loyalty, our loyalty would keep him from accomplishing his task.” 
“The Princess married him.”
His father’s face seemed to drop at that news. 
“And now King Fvendal is dead, and she will be crowned the Queen of Zuff. He is her husband and by right if she dies he will be the next King of Zuff. I cannot permit that to happen. I have done things, seen things, and I refuse to let this man win. She will be Queen and she will rule this land and restore our name.”
There was a long pause then his father spoke.
“You love her, son?”
Marlon stiffened at the question. He said nothing, only looked at his father.
“I understand. I felt the exact same way about her mother.” He informed him. “She was my confidant and I was hers. We understood each other on a level no one else understood, and in doing so I was able to guard her and the King. I still loved her.” He was looking off now as if he was seeing something. There was another long pause. He spoke more. “Now I understand. I wish I could be of aide.”
“Oh but you are, papa. Your safety is all the aide I need of you. We must get you to a safer place.”
When he said that he heard the old woman yell.
“He will not be moved !” 
Marlon turned around to see the old woman with a basket of fresh flowers.
“Ms. Agnes-”
“Agnes will do !”
“Agnes, please, I must take my father to safety.”
“And I already told you that he is safe. Safer here than anywhereelse. No one would dare come through these walls. I know who you are. You are the leader and the last of the Collective. I came to tell you that your friend is all right. He was put on a wagon with the dead and driven out of town.” Marlon digested that news. King Osiris had fulfilled his promise. Deleav was alive. Agnes continued. “The Princess will have her coronation. Be there for her.”
Her words were vague, but from his experience with the Princess and the General he knew there was a strong possibility she wouldn’t live to finish this day out.
Both  were silent. 
 Marlon stood then. 
His father looked more content.
“Are you sure?” He asked once more.
“Go son. I will be fine. Go to her.”
Agnes walked over to the one of the Large fountains inside of the greenhouse. She leaned forward and touched one of the stone cherubs that had been carved into it. The cherub slightly moved. Behind Agnes a door appeared and opened.  
Marlon smiled at the clever trick. 
She said nothing, just stood beside the door waiting for him to enter.
 He looked at his father once more then turned and went into the secret passageway. He was once again thankful for the help the gods were giving him... 

  
******

The second phase of General Torunn’s plan had been successfully executed, however, there was a hiccup and that would be quickly resolved once he finished his plans for the Princess. The corrupt monks had been found dead by his guards  this morning in the old tomb he had left the Princess. The day before that he was informed that someone had freed all of  the prisoners in the castle’s dungeon. He was irritated to say the least at the incompetence that he was surrounded by, but no matter he would solve that as well. Once he blamed the King’s murder on that pitiful, defenseless Kingdom that neighbored them he would have full access to their best soldiers and jewels so he could hire more.  He had to just wait. He watched the Princess at the coronation ceremony she looked beautiful, and all that looked upon her seemed entranced by the fact she was almost identical to her mother, except for her eyes, those were her father’s. 
She would give him that Jewel and he would be the most powerful man alive. 
*****
Once the ceremony was done Flossina sat upon the stone throne and the high priest blessed and anointed her. She heard it then, the words of Khepri seemed to wash over her. She closed her eyes then. 
“All things are possible. Who you are is limited by who you think you are…”
Once the blessing was done she stood, then stepped down. The entire congregation kneeled in her presence. She was afraid this may be their last time. At the back of the Chapel stood her husband, the General. His eyes had that same shady look the day her stepfather had died. She had to act quickly. An idea came to her. She gracefully walked down the aisle and when she reached the General he removed his sword and knelt in front of her as a sign of his fielty. She touched him on his left shoulder and he arose. He then extended his arm and she took it. He escorted her out of the Chapel and down the winding staircase of the tower. She was reminded of the other tower she had occupied. They quietly descended . when they reached the last step he spoke then.
“Your Majesty, I would ask for an audience with you to discuss our next move on the neighboring Kingdom. We have word that one of their men was seen leaving the castle.”
She could feel other people walking past them and knew he was speaking to her loudly so they could be overheard. He was setting his plan in motion. She just stood there looking into his steely eyes. She knew what he was expecting of her so she decided to give him more.
“General, I think that would be an excellent idea!  I will have cook make us a feast and we can discuss it then. Until that time I will retire to my chambers, alone. I am very tired.”
She hoped her excuse sounded palpable,
She watched his face for any sign of anger, but saw none. He simply bowed to her,  took two steps back, and walked away. She quickly walked back to her room, unlocking her bedroom door. She closed and quickly  locked the door behind her. She exhaled then. She knew she had work to do. This dinner had to be perfect and nothing could deter it. She saw Alexi still sleeping on the couch she went over to her and gently rubbed her left cheek. The girl stirred and awoke. 
Alexi could not speak. She looked scared. Flossina reassured her then.
“Oh please, Alexi, You will be fine. I will make sure of it.  You needed the rest. Please tell me what happened to you.” She knelt down so that she and Alexi were at eye level.
The girl looked ashamed. 
“I promise, I will not judge you. Please,Tell me.”
She opened her mouth to show her she couldn’t explain.
“Very well I will help was it the General? Did he do this to you?”
She nodded her head ‘yes’.
“Did he do this because of me?” She asked.
Alexi looked even more sad and shook her head ‘yes’.
“Oh my god. I’m so sorry. I did-” Alexi put her hand up, signaling Flossina to stop from blaming herself. 
The poor girl’s innocence was lost and the beauty she had once seen seemed gone. All was left was a meek, hollow shell.
“He cut your hair to taunt me and to humiliate you. He was testing us both and we both failed in his eyes. That is nonsene, Alexi. I am Queen now. You will never be subjected to that brute again. Iwill see to it that all of his men are prosecuted for their behavior.”
The girl began to grunt her protest. 
She looked at the young girl. Alexi was scared now. She needed an ally in order to execute the plan she had developed during her coronation. 
“Alexi? Do you trust me?”
The girl nodded ‘yes’.
“Then I must ask you to help me in this.”
Alexi looked puzzled.
“I need you to find Agnes. My gardener and have her bring me her strongest poisons.”
The girl looked at her quzzically.
“Can you do this ?” Her words were like iron.
Alexi was shocked at the words coming out of her Queen’s mouth. 
She nodded once more. 
Flossina removed the fur and helped her sit up, and removed a small scrap of paper out of her bosom.
“After you give this list to Agnes go see cook. Have her  prepare all of the General’s favorite dishes. We will dine at seven. Can you do this?”
Alexi nodded ‘yes’ once more.
“Go, be quick and make sure no one sees you with Agnes or cook.”
Alexi nodded, stood up, curtsied and left the room.
Flossina exhaled finally. This plan had to work. She was counting on it...

28-Dinner & Negotiations
Flossina had to admit she was impressed at how beautiful and delicious all of the food looked. It had been made in record time. For this occasion she had decided to wear the one of the wedding gifts General Torunn had given her. It was a sheer white floor length gown with lace flowers intricately placed on her breasts and at the juncture of her thighs. Tonight, she also wore the Crowned Jewels around her neck and the crown on her head. Cook seem ecstatic that the Queen herself came early to see what all she had cooked. 
“Your Majesty, it is an honor to feed you and your husband, the General. I hope the food will be to your liking.”
“Thank you cook, for putting this together on such short notice.”
The cook smiled, curtsied, took two steps back, and exited the room through the servants entrance. She reached into her bosom and pulled out the small vial of poison Alexi had returned with from Agnes. She took the flagon of wine, opened it and poured the entire vial inside of it. She shook it slightly and the sat it back down on the table. She heard noise coming from the opposite side of the closed door of the dining room. She quickly ran to her position which was at the head of the table. The large doors burst open and there he was, General Torunn. He did not wear his armour as he had before, but was dressed in the finest clothing. She was shocked slightly and had to admit he looked handsome in them. There were three guards who entered behind him. They all stopped, kneeled and waited for her.
“You may come forward.” She said, recalling the words her mother had used time and time again.
They did as she instructed. Two guards flanked both sides of the entrance while the third flanked the servants entrance. General Torunn crossed the distance between them and kissed her on both of her cheeks. She wanted to cringe, but instead she smiled up at him. That took him off guard and she was happy for being able to unnerve the monster. 
“Your Majesty, this is truly a feast, and all for me?”
She smiled and nodded.
“It’s all my favorite dishes.”
“Yes, I asked cook to whip them up for you.”
“You did?”
“Yes.”
“Why?” He asked coldly
“Because I wanted to show my appreciation to my husband and General for keeping me safe and for continuing to keep Zuff safe.”
She knew stroking his ego would dampen his suspicion. It did. She saw him reach for the gold goblet that was beside his plate setting and poured wine from the bottle she had just contaminated. 
“Shall we have a toast?” She said.
He pushed the goblet in her hand, and found another one closer to him and poured wine in that one as well. He entwined their arms and then had her lift her glass.
“To our future Your Majesty, may it be prosperous and blessed.”
She smiled and brought the cup to her lips, but did not drink it. She watched as he drank the liquid in one gulp.
“That was delicious.” He said.
 She still held the goblet in her hand when she walked to her place and sat down. 
He sat down after her. 
“Husband, I mean General? Could your men wait outside while we dine?”
He looked curious at her request. She once again lied to placate him.
“I wish to enjoy our meal together and to speak freely of the upcoming plans to be made”
He nodded in agreement. “Very well. Men! Leave us! Wait outside. Let no one in. Her Majesty and I wish to not be disturbed.” He looked back at her and she smiled at him.
It was foreign to her, but she knew she had to play the part in order for her plan to succeed. 
The guards did as they were told. 
He looked at her as etiquette dictacted. 
She ate some fruit and he began to eat as well. She sat back in her chair and watched him devour the meat pies put on his plate. She couldn’t help  but to continue to smile.
“May I say that you look radiant in your wedding present,Your Majesty. I’m so pleased you chose to wear it tonight. I must also say that this dinner does come as a surprise. I wasn’t expecting this at all.”
“Why is that?” she asked trying to prolong the conversation. 
“Because, you don’t care for my company.”
She was going to protest when he held up his hand and she stopped before she could begin. “Ah, please save the flattery. I know you despise me for what you think I’ve done to your loverboy.”
She just looked at him then. He poured another liberal goblet full of wine. She watched as took another large drink. 
She spoke then. “You are right. I did despise you, and what you put me through. But now I see what your plan is and I wanted to make sure I thanked you properly. I wanted to make sure you understand from here on out as the Queen of Zuff I will do whatever it takes to protect my Kingdom. Anything.”
He smiled then. “Anything? Your Majesty sounds as if she has found her claws.”
“I think I have.” She agreed and stood up then from her chair. The General was still stuffing his mouth with a turkey leg when she saw it. The poison was kicking in. She hadn’t had enough time to ask Alexi the side effects of the poison or to ask how long it would take. It had already been twenty minutes. He put the meat down then and stood from the table. He stumbled slightly.
“Is something wrong General?” She asked as if she didn’t know what was going on. She picked up the carving knife and held it behind her back as she slowly walked toward him. 
“He staggered towards her.
“You..you… My food...you poisoned me!”
She smiled at his helpless expression.
“No, General. I didn’t poison the food.”
He looked puzzled until she finished
“But I did poison your precious wine. And you’ve almost drank the entire bottle ensuring your death.” 
The shock on his face was priceless to her. 
He could feel his legs going numb held onto the table all the while still trying to reach Flossina. She always seemed to be out of reach. She took a step back as he staggered. 
“Guards!” His yell came out as a hiss. The poison was affecting his vocal chords. “You bitch! I should have killed you when you were in your mother’s womb!”
Flossina showed him the large carving knife then. His eyes bulged out of his head in terror.
“I should have killed you the night I escaped the tower. I have done nothing but run in fear of you. Not now. Not this time. This is my home! Your time has come to an end General, and everyone will know about your crimes.”
“You don’t have it….in you… to.. Kill.. me.”  His breathing was becoming labored and his grasp on the tablecloth made him fall to the floor, as well as the table laden with food.  She made sure she took another step back so the food would not land on her white dress. She walked forward then. She looked down at the him then. He was dead. Sitting upright, looking off in the distance with his eyes open, staring at nothing. 
  She waited until she felt it was a considerable amount of time. Then she opened the dining room doors and played the part of the heartbroken Queen.
“Help! Help ! The General has been poisoned!” The guards ran inside. 
She made sure her tears appeared real. 
“Quickly ! Get Her Majesty out of here!” One guard shouted to the one that had been previously stationed by the servants door. He took her by her arm and escorted her out of the room. They walked down the great hall way, up the grand taircase, and to her room. He opened the door and she was about to tell him that was all when he gruffly pushed her inside. She was about to protest until he closed the door behind him and took off his helmet.
 It was Marlon. 
“That was a dangerous game you played back there. Floss.” she smiled at the sound of his use of her pet name. “Why did you not wait for me?”
“I didn’t think I had time. The General seemed very adamant on executing the next phase of his plan which was to kill the young King from the neighboring Kingdom and blame him for the murder he committed. I  deduced that once I had the power he would try to kill me next, or worse lock me up again. I did what I thought was best. Something I will be doing for the rest of my life.”
He knew she was right. He had no right to argue with her, or to question her motives. He had just feared for her life. He had been there watching it all unfold. The General had tried to reach for her and he kept wondering what would happen if he had gotten a hold of her. He could have killed her as he died.  
She touched his cheek then, bringing him back to reality.
“I am fine, Marlon. I promise. It’s over.” She reassured him.
He hugged her tight. 
She didn’t care that he wore armour and it was cold against the sheer outfit she wore. She was just happy it was finally over. 
There was a loud knock on the door. She jumped. Marlon pulled his sword out. 
She walked over to her door and opened it. It was General Torunn’s second in Comand, Blake. 
Blake stood in the foyer of her bedchamber. He bowed to her, and then spoke.
“Your Majesty, It appears General Torunn is dead.”
She hadn’t realized how much anxiety had disappeared with his statement. 
“We have the cook in custody and will begin interrogating her with your permission.”
She hadn’t expected that to happen.
“No! No one is to be interrogated. I would ask that you gather all the Chieftan Lords and Ladies as well as the troops. I must speak with them Post haste.”
Blake seemed confused at her directives,but said nothing, just saluted her and went to carry out her orders. 
Once the door closed Marlon spoke.
“I am going with you, and you will not stop me.”
“I hadn’t planned on it.” She said.
“Really?”
“Really. Its as you said my love, we must end this once and for all…”


29-  In Accordance With Reality
... Two Hours later….
Flossina was announced upon her arrival.
“Queen Flossina, Ruler and last living heir of Zuff.”
She watched the room full of Chieftain Lords and Ladies bow and curtsy as she walked forward to her throne. 
Marlon walked several steps behind her. 
She could see the looks of puzzlement on their faces, but she kept her face expressionless and her vision forward. She climbed the stairs.
 Marlon stood on the bottom of them looking out at the crowd. Once she reached the top she turned and looked out at the sea of faces. She did not see Lord Azelle. It did not matter. She had to once again address her people and make them believe in her.
“Chieftain Lords and Ladies, I come to you now as your Queen. speaking the truth. I killed the man who murdered my parents.” There was a loud gasp among the crowd. Then it was quiet once more. “The man you see standing before you was framed. Set up for something he did not do. The man who did this however is dead. General Torunn.”  There was a loud buzz of talk, but no one seemed shocked at who the culprit was. “General Torunn killed my Father and started the great war. He partnered up with my step father and together they manipulated my mother and you good people for all of these years. They heard of the treasure my family was entrusted with and decided to steal it. They killed Her Majesty and tried to kill me. When I did not die and was removed from the castle they blamed the one man who has helped me restore my sanity and name. That is Marlon the son of Ambrose, the leader of the Collective. His father was also set up by General Torunn.” The crowd was silenced by the new She could see their shocked faces. Then one Lord shouted.
“She lies ! There was no treasure!”
That seemed to get the Lords and Ladies riled up. 
She stood then quiet, closed her eyes and did as Khepri had told her. She stilled her mind and thought of the jewel being in her hand and when she opened her eyes the jewel appeared inside her hand. It sparkled and gleamed giving off a rainbow hue form the light refracting off of it making the crowd go oh and ah as they looked on. 
One lady yelled.
“It is the Jewel of Humanity! She speaks the truth.”
“Yes, I speak the truth and only the truth to you good people. I promise as your Queen I will always ask for your guidance, and speak honestly with you. Let us mourn those who truly deserve it and let us make amends with the people who were never our enemies. My first act as Queen of Zuff is to restore the order of the Collective as well as restore all lands and titles that were taken under the rule of King Fvendal. Any troops who served under the General must bend the knee and show me complete loyalty, or be executed. I will assemble a Royal council for future decisions and I look forward to continuing to serve you in any way I can. That is all.” 
She was expecting them to leave, but they didn’t instead they all began to clap and chant. “Long live the Queen! Long live the Queen!”
Marlon turned and looked up at her.
She looked back at him. She had done what she thought she would never be able to do. Believe in  herself and lead her people…


******
Later that night …

Flossina fell on top of Marlon’s chest out of breath. Once again he had made her body feel exquisite. She looked up at him. His eyes were closed but his heartbeat was rapid. 
“I can’t believe it’s over.” She said.
“Well what did you expect you minx, this is our fourth time tonight.” He said as he stroked her hair.
She giggled at his misinterpretation.
“I was referring to today. My parents are avenged. Your family is avenged. What do we do now?” She lifted her head up again and looked into his golden eyes. He was so handsome to her. 
“I can think of a few things.” he said.
“Like?”
“Like getting married for starters, and having little princes and princesses that look like their mother.”
That comment made her smile and blush.
“I thought you didn’t want to marry Royalty.”
“I don’t, but I love you Floss, and I will do anything to be with you, even if that means becoming a royal. I will do it, for you.”
She felt her eyes tearing up. It was one of the sweetest things he’d ever said to her. 
He pulled her closer so that their lips touched and gently kissed her. She then slid off of him and snuggled close to him. Her buttocks resting on his bare groin. He held her close and she knew she would never get enough of him or his love. She was elated and happy he had finally come around to seeing things her way. 
She drifted off to sleep and once again she awoke inside the glowing pyramid of King Osiris. She was inside of the room that was her mother’s garden. She saw them then. Her mother was standing beside a man. She thought it was King osiris but then he turned around and she saw him. It was her father. He had the same color eyes as her. Her mother’s face seemed to light up,and she ran over and embraced Flossina. Flossina once again smelled her mother. It was her. 
“My darling daughter! You have done it ! You have found the stone and your strength.”
“Yes mother. I have. Thank you for all of your help I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“Oh Flossina can’t you see, you did do it without me. You did all of this. You are the Queen of zuff now. I am - We are so proud of you.”She was smiling at her with tears in her eyes. She looked from her daughter to her husband and spoke “This is your father.”
“Hello my lovely daughter. How I’ve watched you grow up from afar and longed to meet you.” He stepped forward and walked towards her.
 He held out his hand. She was scared to touch him, afraid if she did he would disappear, but she did. It was warm. She then hugged him and her mother at once. The tears she had done so well holding back could no longer be denied. 
“Father, I’ve missed you too!” 
All three hugged and laughed and talked for what seemed like hours. Flossina wished they were alive so they could see how happy she and Marlon were together. She noticed King Osiris standing in the doorway. She bowed to him then, as did her parents.
“I am pleased with you Queen Flossina. A true Queen, like your mother. I hope you have enjoyed your reward. Now it is time to go.” 
She turned back around and saw them embracing each other. She would miss them. She knew they would be watching over her, but it still didn’t hurt any less. She ran to them and hugged them once more.
“Goodbye.” She whispered, as she closed her eyes. When she opened them again she was back in her bed with Marlon. It was still night. 
“ Floss? Are you ok?” He asked half asleep.
“Yes, please, go back to bed. Everything is fine... just fine.”
And she knew then everything would be…


THE END 







