


Zeem Anthology


Will Perks


Stories copyright 2015-17 Will Perks
Published by Will Perks at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Contents

The Perfume Eater
A Hat Full of Leaves
The Flying Woman
What Would Luminael Do
Johnny and Babushka



The Perfume Eater


There is a deev on my garden chair.
Okay, technically it’s not just my garden. The garden, which amounts to a square of brown lawn and three haggard rose bushes, belongs to all the poor bastards living here in the Wickley Street West tenements. We use it on a time-share basis: I get it every Friday night, when myself and a few work colleagues from Tesco’s get wrecked on cheap booze (or, in my case, cheap air-fresheners); the foreign exchange student (Chu? Chung?) from 24D who’s studying to be a doctor occupies it on Monday afternoon, so she can relax there after a weekly grilling from her university supervisor; and the latter half of every Tuesday belongs to BZM Tricky of 6D, because that’s when he and his fellow drug-dealers like to kick back and talk shop with their ‘hos’ on moderately-neutral territory. Right now – Tuesday morning – the garden belongs to Mrs Edwards from 32C, but she’s been unwell with gall bladder problems and hasn’t ventured outside for four days. So the garden is empty, except for the deev and the chair.
The chair isn’t mine either. The chair belongs to Johnny Flannery from 12B, my next-door neighbour. He’s twenty-four and has an excitable bodybuilder girlfriend who throws furniture to prove her points. The chair was a casualty of yesterday’s domestic; I was coming up the road when I saw the thing fly out over Johnny’s balcony, its clumsy trajectory accompanied by two familiar screams: hers, ‘You useless thieving bastard!’, and his, ‘Heads up below!’ Luckily for little Chu/ng studying below, the chair was made of plastic – it landed with a muted thud, bounced once, and then settled upright on the very fringe of the brown lawn. (Chu/ng was shocked, but not hurt. I think she finds Johnny and his girlfriend – and, indeed, all of us tenement-dwellers – very amusing.)
I’m sure Johnny intends to bring the chair back upstairs at some point, but as the body- builder girlfriend spent the night (after some very loud reconciliatory sex), he hasn’t had a chance yet. He’d have a hard time getting it away from the deev, anyway. Deev don’t like being told by mere mortals to stand up and move. They’re stubborn like that.
I stand on my balcony for a few minutes watching the deev. It doesn’t notice me, as far as I can tell. I’m walking back inside to fix myself a bottle of something – a hit of Pine-O-Kleen to soothe my nerves, maybe – when the door of my apartment opens and Johnny Flannery of 12B scuffles in. Our Johnny doesn’t knock on doors, you see, not with the tricks he can work with a bent wire and a syringe. I’ve come home more than once to find him sitting in my house, flicking between the news and Coronation Street and scratching his balls like he owns the place. I’m not really complaining, mind. We live in that kind of neighbourhood, you see - if someone breaks in to watch your telly, not steal it, you should count your blessings.
‘Zeeeeem,’ Johnny Flannery says by way of greeting, and rocks back on his heels for a second, his eyes round like he’s drinking the room in. ‘Whiffy in here, ain’t it. You hoarding cologne?’
This is something of a running joke between us. My house, out of basic gastronomical necessity, smells like a top-end perfumery on the best of days and a hospital cleaner’s closet on the worst. ‘No more than usual, Johnny,’ I say, as casually as I can, trying to interpose myself between him and the balcony view.
‘I can help you offload it if you want, little man. Hook you up with a mate of mine. Real trustworthy bloke. You’d like him.’
‘I’m fine, thanks, Johnny.’
‘You doing okay there, then, Zeem? No problems?’
He’s being too affable. My voice comes out tight and musical, the way it gets when I’m uneasy. ‘None at all, Johnny. Did you need help with something?’
‘Yeah, as it happens. You know what that’s all about?’ He cocks his thumb and his hip in the direction of the balcony and the deev below. ‘I wake up this morning, right, and I find this weird damn thing squatting on my chair outside. Don’t get me wrong, Zeem, I ain’t a racist,’ he adds, misunderstanding my expression. ‘Got no problems with Arabs. They got a right to be here, immigration’s good for the country, I know, I know. Lots of my friends is Arabs. I talk to you, right, I never done you no harm. I’m okay with Arabs, I just got problems with guys with swords.’
‘It is a very large sword,’ I agree uncertainly.
‘And that funny hat and gloves,’ says Johnny. ‘All those horns and spikes and fur.’
‘I think you’ll find that’s not a hat,’ I say. ‘Or gloves, either.’
It surprises me that Johnny can see the deev – although it shouldn’t, really, because he can see me perfectly well. It’s rare to meet people who can’t see me, nowadays. Of course there’s still the odd person who picks the long supermarket queue, ignoring me waving and calling from my empty Tescos’ checkout. But it’s a blood thing, that – like how only the Irish can see banshees and how only Americans can find Jesus’ face in their sandwich-meat. You can bet that if I moved a few suburbs east into Halal country, I’d have a heck of a time trying to get service.
Johnny’s some kind of multicultural orgy of races, an Irish-Slovakian-Nigerian with a Mexican granny, so he’s completely immune to my supernatural esotericism. He’s gazing at me now in a probing fashion, eyes narrowed. Finally he says, ‘You know this guy?’
I’ve never been a good liar – it’s not really something I was built to do. I sure can’t fool a guy like Johnny, who lies like a reflex and can spot a fellow hustler a mile away. So I nod a guilty affirmative.
‘He sure looks pissed, Zeem,’ Johnny observes. ‘What’d you do, ID him for fags?’
‘It was something rather worse than that, I’m afr– oh!’ I begin, aiming for off-handedness - only it comes out wrong, it comes out as a string of delicate, perfect notes, as an exquisite melody that causes the air to hum for a moment, the telly to blink out a cheerful rainbow of colour and Johnny Flannery of 12B to shift his hand automatically to cover his crotch.
‘What in hell was that, mate?’ Johnny says, after the echoes have died down. ‘This ain’t no time for you to practice operatics. Geez, you gave me creepers all up my arm…’ He scratches himself and shudders. ‘Seriously Zeem, what on earth is going on with you?’
I don’t dare to speak again. I can feel my face tickle with pink.
‘Fine,’ says Johnny, after a minute’s needling silence. ‘When you want to talk about it, I’ll be right here. And I mean right here – my telly’s fizzed out again. But you better talk fast, ‘cos my woman will be coming home in a few hours after she’s worked off her roid-rage, and woe betide you if she finds your toothy friend has damaged our chair.’
He slings his long body across my couch and starts flicking through my cable options, finally settling on repeats of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Nettled, I retreat to the kitchen. There’s a can of air-freshener in there with my name on it. That, and half a litre of brandless stain-solvent that I nicked from the cleaner’s closet on my nightshift – the kind of stuff that really puts hairs on your chest.
I am not in a people mood today.
Don’t get me wrong: I love people. It’s something innate and almost necessarily unrequited, written into the very cells of me. I just don’t love people terribly much when there is a deev sitting on a plastic chair outside my apartment. I don’t mean to sound condescending or patronising, but in tricky situations like these, people tend to mess things up, and if they aren’t messing things up, they’re usually somehow getting in the way. For some reason people – bless them! – believe the desire to meddle is a positive trait. I watch my daytime talk-shows, I know their pop-psychology lingo: intervention, support group, counselling. Well, maybe I’m old-fashioned, but I like to keep my problems my problems.
Anyway, there’s absolutely nothing Johnny Flannery of 12B can do about a deev.
. . . .
Turns out my stain-solvent supplies have run dry but the air-freshener still has a few puffs of sustenance in it. Better yet, I’ve also got a pile of top-of-the-range colognes in a bucket under my sink that Klaus Sladhoven (15B) bought for me on eBay. I lick around the crusted edges of a Pour Homme nozzle and think of Persia.
I have history like some people have emotional baggage. Lives, loves, friends, deaths, betrayals, I can brush them off easy as you please, but it’s the time itself that really gets to me. It takes on weight, you see – each day, each month, each year, each decade. Trying to winch a memory out from under all that built-up mental detritus—it’s enough to give anyone a migraine. But I guess unfinished business follows its own rules of remembrance, because that deev is suddenly fresh in my mind.
Let’s get this straight: I’m not the bad guy here. You might not believe it to look at me, but once upon a time I was a soldier. Oh, I was a very poor soldier, don’t doubt it for a minute, but I was a soldier nonetheless. I was a soldier, and there was a war on, and things get very complicated during war and I did a lot of things then which I wouldn’t necessarily do again now unless I was in a similar situation or I was really angry or it was self-defense which it was that time anyway… and you know it’s very easy to look back on things and condemn them now but back then I was a hero and good grief it was only a deev and trapping one isn’t really any different from trapping a wild animal. And they used to do it to us, too – they’d catch us and put us in iron cages and laugh and jab us – although we don’t bleed.
Also, deev aren’t human. Deev don’t think the way people do. You can trap a deev in a cave for eleven hundred years without food or water and he won’t get bored. Time means little to those who live forever – or as near to forever as makes no discernible difference. A deev can afford to waste a century or so in a jail, or in bed, or in a cave. Or trapped beneath several feet of rock-fall in a little desert cavern so very many miles from anywhere.
It used to be my party-piece, my war story. It wasn’t glorious but when you’re the underdog, when you’re David facing down Goliath, survival itself is heroic. And of course I left out the less valiant parts of the tale, like the hours (days?) I ran barefoot through the desert, the huge bastard’s breath hot and bestial on the back of my neck. Or the hours I crawled weeping through tunnels beneath New Persia’s soil-skin, thinking only of iron cages and torture and the crude songs they’d make their captives sing.
In the end I was a poor soldier, but a lucky one. Or was a lucky one until I woke up to find a deev on Johnny’s chair.
I start filling my pockets with cologne. In the living room Johnny switches off Buffy and mutters a curse word.
‘Zeem? Hey, al Djinn? You better come out and see this.’
It’s BZM Tricky and his gang, swaggering out across the lawn. From my second-floor vantage, it looks like the Wickley Street hood are about to lay down a little West-side law on the deev. Either that, or they’re going to see if they can flog some second-grade, cat-nip-cut marijuana to it. Neither option bodes well for the gang’s immediate future.
‘What do they think they’re doing?’
Johnny shrugs. ‘It’s Tuesday afternoon, kid. The garden is their turf now.’
By the time Johnny and I get outside, Johnny’s plastic chair and its unwelcome occupant are surrounded. Small-time crooks are circling the deev like rangy wild-dogs, sizing up its bony heels for a bite. And even from a distance of twenty metres I can smell the deev there, or rather smell its absence of smell. Beyond the potent cloud of cigarette smoke radiating off the hoods, beyond the too-familiar odours of dope and cheap aftershave and those fruit-flavoured condoms Tricky likes to pass out like party favours, there is a palpable nothingness.
A deev-nothingness.
Slouching back and forth between the hoods and the deev, BZM Tricky has adopted the mantle of speaker for the house. ‘What you doin’ man? This our spot, big guy. We got it booked.’ He hisses out the last word with authority and a degree of pride. ‘Get out of here, yeah? You don’t wanna mess with the brothers.’
BZM Tricky’s real name, incidentally, is Abram Ashkenazi. He is a tall, wiry kid with neon-green hair and a multitude of tattoos aimed at horrifying his Jewish Orthodox parents. I’m not precisely sure how he came from his middle-class, public-school educated roots to the Wickley Street West tenements, but rumour suggests it had something to do with his mother, his unsanctioned liaison with an East London shiksa, and his irreconcilable passion for the likes of Cypress Hill.
I like Tricky; I’ve helped him out on numerous occasions by opening his door to the police and answering all their questions in heavily accented, no-speakee-English-ese (‘He no live here no more, that bad boy!’). I often wonder if Tricky wonders why the cops don’t just push past me, like they’d do with any other immigrant they found blocking their path to a sweet narcotics bust. But I’ve found over the years that people rarely question their good fortune, especially when I’m involved.
‘C’mon, git,’ Tricky insists, feeling reflexively for the gun he keeps down the front of his oversized pants in a ganger-style homage to Mae West.
‘Maybe he don’t speak English,’ suggests Tricky’s girlfriend, a tall cool glass of iced chocolate who calls herself Alabama Sloane. ‘Maybe he only speaks some kinda foreign.’
The deev says: ‘Esuw.’
‘Yeah,’ says Alabama, ‘that’s foreign for Hello, innit.’
Actually, esuw is foreign for foreign, or more specifically foreign human. The deev were never particularly cosmopolitan creatures, and I suspect that Alabama and Tricky are the most exotic-looking people it’s ever come across.
‘Wonder what he’s doing here,’ she continues. ‘Maybe he’s a refugee like those Nigerians from 29C. Or an escaped mental patient. Or one of those guys who live in the woods and make clothes out of animal skin. I saw one on Discovery channel, he had a knife n’ all what he’d made himself out of a stone and a stick and a piece of—’
‘He’s a soldier,’ I say.
The hoods turn to stare at me and Alabama gives me twinkly-eyed wave.
‘Zeem, how you doin’?’ says Tricky, slapping me on the back. ‘You’re some kind of Arab right – you know this guy?’
‘Sure he does,’ says Johnny, who’s obviously not out to win any popularity contests today. ‘Our Zeem’s got hisself into a bit of trouble, and not just with me old lady. I reckon he’s a secret war criminal.’ He taps the side of his nose. ‘I bet this other guy’s come to kill him. Or demand money.’
‘Oh cool, you guys are like enemies?’ says Alabama. ‘Like the Arab mafia. That’s pretty tight, Zeem, I never knew you was like that. Hey, if your mafia man gives you any trouble, my Tricky don’t mind shooting him for you.’
‘Can’t kill them with bullets,’ I mutter. ‘Doesn’t work like that.’
Behind her the deev’s eyes are quick and bright and intelligent, the way a rat’s eyes are intelligent. Up close, I’m surprised at how small it seems – larger than a man, certainly, but not that much taller than a man. Long lanky Tricky would come up to its chin, and its shoulders aren’t far broader than Johnny Flannery’s (who works out, I suppose, to keep up with his girlfriend). Crouched forward in the plastic chair, its hands resting loosely on its thighs, it looks almost-human. I’m struck suddenly with a sense of the ridiculous: Yesterday I was swiping groceries wearing a tag reading MY NAME IS KAZEEM and today I’m facing down my ancient adversary.
‘The perfume-eater,’ says the deev. ‘The Peri.’
‘A perfume-eater,’ I murmur. ‘It’s been a while since I’ve been called that. Peri, pari, fata, fee, fairy. Although not so loud on the last one, they tend to make jokes about that these days. How’d you get out?’
‘The earth moved,’ says the deev.
I remember: there was an earthquake in Iran last week. Two days ago I overheard Misha Farsi, Tesco’s favourite honey-in-a-hijab, cheerfully relating details of the tragedy over the phone to a school classmate: Sixteen dead. Not terrorists – just nature. Seven-point-five on the Richter. Ripped the earth apart…
I ask: ‘How did you find me?’
‘I smelt you,’ says the deev. ‘The stench of your peri-flesh, your filthy perfumes. I could not forget it. I came here for you. Only to finish what went before.’
‘Yes. I know. It’s just -’
The deev’s expression is mercilessly serene. ‘It is just what?’
‘Look, I completely understand where you’re coming from, but it’s all kind of different now,’ I say. ‘The war was over centuries ago. Everyone’s moved on with their lives. We got careers, and cars, and flats now. I’m not a soldier any more. I work in a shop now selling groceries. I’m not really into, you know, having a great battle or anything right now. If that’s okay with you. Things have changed.’
I’m thankful we’re speaking in a supernatural Persian dialect and not, say, a supra-modern English one, because all this sounds a lot better in Persian, believe it or not. Far less pathetic than the most immediate translation. For instance, the best Persian approximation I can think of for the word car is great steed of steel and fire, and as a substitute for flat I’ve gone with small, high palace with neighbours in close proximity. As for working in a shop selling groceries, I’ve promoted myself to merchant of fine produce in great bazaar.
What I can’t express is the weight of those years it’s lost in the earth. A weight greater, perhaps, than that of the rocks which trapped it so effectively in the cave-in. All that damnable time. And I want suddenly to touch the deev as if it were human, to reassure it, to comfort it, to make things better in any way I can – because I am a creature of love, first and foremost; I am a vessel of goodness, of harmony, of forgiveness, of kindness, of warmth, of tolerance, and not even ten years of chirping out, ‘Have a nice day!’ from behind my Tescos till has shaken that impulse from me.
Hug first, ask questions later. As I may have suggested before, we peri aren’t really known for our great survival skills.
‘Does this have to happen?’ I ask. Stress has brought out the music in my voice again, and beneath my feet I feel the grass budding at the sound; distantly, birds sing. ‘Do you have to kill me?’
The deev nods. Rising, it draws its sword in a brisk no-nonsense motion, the same way I’ve seen Tricky pull his gun on dealers who ‘sample the product’. It lurches onto its feet, and the penetrating non-stink of it drives me back a foot.
‘I understand,’ I say. ‘Only not in front of them. Please.’
As we’ve been talking, our crowd of spectators has grown. The foreign exchange student, Chu/ng, has put in an appearance, despite the fact I know her major thesis is due in a week. There’s Emma Copple from 27C, the seventeen year-old high school dropout Johnny bets will become a crazy cat lady before she’s thirty. Jim and Bob, the middle-aged ex-hippie homosexuals from 5A, are standing next to Sally and Bernard Soo, the fundamentalist Christians from 9B, who are in turn rubbing shoulders with Mr and Mrs Singh, the Hindu couple who sell soft-porn Kama Sutra-inspired magazines on the internet. And there’s Jack Garfield from 1B, the plumber, and Hannah Lithgow from 14B, the widow who has a crush on him, and Klaus Sladhoven from 15B, who writes Hannah the love letters she believes are from Jack. And there’s others too – all my friends, the people I’ve lived amongst quietly for years, all of them silently watching me.
I’ve really screwed this up. Even if I manage to outwit the deev, things just won’t be the same anymore in the Wickley Street West tenements. You can’t expect to enjoy a nice normal working class life when you’re seen publicly conversing with sixth century sword-wielding Persian demons. You can’t expect to pass for human when your voice can induce orgasm and you sweat the kind of smells that Chanel could bottle and sell for millions. But I don’t – I don’t want to have to start again. I’ve done it before so many times, for so many years…
Alabama Sloane says, tentatively, ‘Zeem, are you okay—’
I take out the bottle of cologne I’ve been hiding in my jacket and hold it aloft. My hand is shaking. The deev’s expression is quizzical. But of course spray-top nozzles, CFCs and the entire concept of aerosols are a few thousand generations after the deev’s time. My tenement neighbours look equally confounded by my apparent attempts to fend off a demon with a bottle of Hym: For Men. Except for professional thief Johnny Flannery, who probably knows me a little too well for comfort. Who’s picked things up as quickly as he can pick a lock. He’s pulled a breath freshener out of the voluminous depths of his leather jacket and has its nozzle trained on the deev.
‘I can’t let you do this,’ I say. ‘Please, I don’t want to hurt you – I don’t want to hurt anyone – only –’
Taking her cue from Johnny, Alabama has taken out a bottle of Dark Goddess from her handbag. Hannah Lithgow has found a packet of Urge deodorant in hers. The Singhs, who’ve evidently just returned from a shopping trip, have patchouli oil and eucalyptus. And the rest of them are turning out their pockets and pulling out what they have – deodorant, perfume, air-spray, lip balms, even Tricky’s scented shoe-soles. Eau de Revolution. There’s a real I’m Spartacus! sensation radiating from the group and I can’t help but feel proud.
Arrogantly, the deev raises the sword.
Smugly, we spray him.
. . . .
Initially the problem of what do we do about the huge horned dead demon seemed impossible, but it turns out that BZM Tricky knows a guy who knows a guy who once had a ‘thing’ for Alabama Sloane and if he asks the guy’s mate’s nephew to repay the favour he’s owed for talking Johnny Flannery into ‘fixing’ a few locks in Finchley back in ’03, we won’t have to worry about corpse disposal. Until then, Mr Singh has kindly volunteered the boot of his Citroen.
‘After all, Mr al Djinn,’ he tells me, ‘you were so very helpful in fetching groceries when my wife and I were sick with the influenza.’
What he really means is that I was so very helpful fetching the repeats on their prescription antibiotics when he and his wife were sick with the gonorrhea, but the sentiment still stands.
Hannah Lithgow, her suitor and her suited help Tricky and Johnny stuff the deev into the Citroen. The rest of the group has meanwhile dispersed: the Soos to bible study, the hoods to finish their dealings in the privacy of Alabama’s apartment, Emma Copple to court stray felines, Jim and Bob to tend to their new crop of marijuana, and every one else to, hell, wherever people go when the fun is over. Hannah gives me a hug before she leaves, arm in arm with her two men.
‘I always knew what you was,’ Johnny explains, as we lug the plastic chair up to his apartment. ‘Me grandmum is big on that spiritual shit – she tole me straight first time she saw you. You fairy-types, you’re meant to look after us humans, right? Well you done that plenty ’round here. What you got to understand now is that if you got our back, right, then we got yours. Goes both ways. Your problems, mate, are our problems.’ He wraps an arm over my shoulder. ‘Also, you got me my chair, and my woman’ll be happy tonight.’
I think: intervention, support group, counseling, but there’s none of that. Just Johnny’s crude little synopsis of Wickley Street West life.
‘Catch you round, Zeem. Don’t stink up your apartment too much, eh.’
‘Later, Johnny.’
I leave him at the door of 12B and continue on into 12A, where I’m sure to find a celebratory cup of Morning Fresh with my name on it. And as I settle back on my couch to watch the re-runs of East Enders, feeling human-loved and deev-free, I can’t help but think that, finally, a little bit of this neighbourhood belongs to me now.



A Hat Full Of Leaves


The witch is in the health-food aisle.
If I stand on my tiptoes I can see her from my register, tossing a jar of organic pasta sauce from one hand to the other. She’s frowning at herself in one of the mirrors tucked above the vegetable shelves—practising her evil eye, I guess, or working on a hex. The other Tesco’s customers are giving her a wide berth, correctly assuming that a woman with a platinum blonde crew-cut and a leering devil tattoo on her shoulder is not one to be messed with.
On the surface she looks like any other Wickley punk, but I know she’s a witch. Below the stale odours of sweat and pot, I can smell the magic on her. Not real magic, of course, but the type of half-assed party-trick stuff they sell in Wicca hobby-shops and New Age spirituality stores. Love potions, power chanting, horoscopes, ouija boards—you know the sort. Wannabe magic. Technically there’s no real harm in it but it always makes me feel a little uneasy. Kind of like how voodoo priests boycott zombie movies and how Lucky Charms give leprechauns the shits.
The witch pulls a face in the mirror and turns around. I look away quickly, but it’s too late, our eyes meet, and I just know she’s going to come over now and talk to me. I try vainly to wave some more customers into my queue, but it’s Wednesday afternoon and everyone is aiming for the ‘8 items or less’ line. Not even the old ladies with their baskets filled with cat food can be persuaded to join me. So I’m alone—terribly, terribly alone—when the wannabe witch walks up to my counter and gives me a cheesy, know-it-all smile.
‘Just this,’ she says, putting the pasta sauce on the counter.
I swipe it in silence. I’m usually great at customer service. You should hear me on a good day: Hi, how can I help you, isn’t the weather nice, lovely day for it, what a cute baby – boy or girl, did you hear about the match, getting on to Christmas, and all manner of meaningless drivel. But today there’s no sound from my counter but the electronic beep of the scanner. I get a bad feeling about all this, about her. Not a premonition; just good old intuition.
‘Have a nice day?’ the witch smirks.
‘Um. Not really, ma’am.’ I smile uneasily. As point of fact it’s been an unusually horrible day, and an even worse week. One of the hoods living in my tenement building is on the warpath after his night-watchman nicked off with his dope harvest. Since the theft, BZM Tricky has been snarling about the halls, looking for any excuse to pick a fight. I’m sensitive to tension – or perhaps that should be susceptible to it – and right now I’m so wired the last thing I need is some neo-pagan mocking me.
‘I don’t expect it’ll get much better,’ says the witch. She yawns. ‘No bag, thanks—plastics don’t biodegrade. How much do I owe you?’
I keep my head down and nod in the vague direction of the check-out screen. Still smirking, she counts out the coins into a little pyramid of change. She’s getting a kick out of this. I reach for the money and she grabs my wrist, quick and tight.
She whispers: ‘I want your help.’
‘Ma’am, I’m afraid we don’t offer any coupon services here—you’ll have to go to a registered charity. If you like I can draw a map of the nearest one—’
She cuts me off. ‘You’re the Persian,’ she says.
It’s the choice of word that unnerves me. Not a Persian. The Persian. In the same way Attila was The Hun and Julius was The Caesar and Zorba is The Greek. And all of a sudden my heart is ticking double-time and a familiar sense of dread starts curdling my veins. Because, let’s face it, there’s only a handful of people in London who’d refer to me nominally as The Persian instead of Another Bleedin’ Arab. And they’re a very specific subset of people, most of whom aren’t really classifiable as people at all. If I didn’t have another three hours of my shift ahead of me, I’d close the register and dash to the safety of the stockroom.
‘British,’ I say, trying not to stutter over the words. ‘I’m British. Lived in the Wickley Street West tenements for years now. Completely legal migrant.’
The witch snorts. ‘Since when?’
I can’t lie. It’s just not biologically possible. Which makes it very hard when people accidentally stumble upon the right questions. ‘Look, you—’
‘Well? Since when?’
I gasp it out: ‘1844.’
There’s no surprise in her face. Instead she giggles—I figure she knew that much already. ‘Fairies,’ she says, too loud for my comfort. ‘Freakin’ fairies. You’re so predictable.’
Not a fairy, I want to protest, except I know I’ll only damn myself further by saying so. But I’m really not, at least not in the British, fluttery, magic-dusting sense of the word. Not a fairy, but a peri – a fallen angel born in the long-long ago of Ferdowsi’s New Persia. Back then I was a soldier; but then the world changed, and I changed with it, and there’s not much call for fighting evil these days.
And I’ve grown soft, too, I won’t deny it.
‘My name is Trinket.’ Balancing her hips on the counter, the witch cranes forward until our noses are almost touching. She’s wearing perfume. A specific blend of perfume, selected with the same sinister calculation as a fisherman seeking the juiciest worm for his line. She’s been doing her research, I’ll give her that – we peri feed on smells. ‘It’s a pleasure to meet you, fairy-boy. I’ve heard a lot about you—Kazeem al-Djinn, that’s what you’re calling yourself now?’
‘Zeem. Just Zeem.’
‘Just Zeem,’ she says, grinning. ‘I hear you do favours, Just Zeem. Small things. A banished banshee here, a dead demon there. Not for money. Just for the weird little pleasure-rush your fairy physiology rewards you with every time you do a Good Deed. Am I right?’
‘It’s a lot more complicated than that,’ I mutter, semaphoring keep-your-voice-down signals with a plastic bag. Misha Farsi, currently manning the adjacent register, gives me a strange look as she swipes her way through a customer’s weekly groceries. ‘Listen Trinket, I’m not exactly a fairy-for-hire. I can’t do magic—’
‘There are flowers growing out of your cash register, Zeem.’
I look. They’re very pretty flowers, the fat-stemmed type that are perfect for making daisy-chains. Their blossoms bob insistently toward my face, as if straining to the sun. Sighing, I uproot them from the plastic coin-separators and press them into Trinket’s hands. ‘You can’t do this to me at work,’ I hiss. ‘I don’t cope well under pressure. You keep this up and it’ll be roses next, and then birds, and then my voice will go all mezzo-soprano and people will start hugging and crying and it’ll be bad for both of us. If you want my help you’ll have to meet me after my shift.’
She shakes her head. ‘You’ll run.’
‘Can’t lie, remember?’
Trinket frowns, sizing me up. Whatever she sees in my face convinces her I’m telling the truth. ‘You’d better be there,’ she says, stuffing her organic sauce into a hemp-cloth bag. ‘I’ll be waiting outside at five – a blue Honda. Be late and I’ll be back at your register tomorrow with twenty friends and a bucket-load of coupons.’
. . . .
I’m not green. I mean I know I should be, what with the globe warming and the sea rising and the carbon emission levels being the highest ever recorded, but sometimes it’s easier to drop rubbish in a regular bin, to beg a lift to work instead of walking, and to leave the telly turned to Corrie even when you aren’t really watching it. And, let’s face it, my perfume-centric diet consists primarily of CFCs.
But I still get sad when I see parks in our neighbourhood bulldozed to make way for shopping centres, and old trees cut down so they can fit in power-lines. As the Honda rolls to a stop outside one of the few remaining parks in Wickley, I notice that the property beside it is in the process of being levelled. Tree stumps and broken trellises are piled up outside what remains of a crumbling faux-Tudor manor. A wood-chipper sits on the dusty front drive, choked with the remains of an elm. Most of the left side of the building is gone, replaced by scaffolds and white curtains.
‘Some Eastern European geriatric used to own the place,’ says Trinket, following my gaze. ‘Used to come out and yell when us girls came by. Didn’t like us parking our cars in front of his house. I heard he died a few weeks back – probably burst an artery screaming at kids on his lawn. Apparently his son is remodelling the place. Well, demolishing and then remodelling. Don’t blame him – the entire property was run down. Looked like a bloody jungle.’
‘Some people like their privacy,’ I say pointedly. ‘Aren’t you supposed to object to this sort of tree-cutting thing, anyway?’
‘Hah!’ She kills the engine. ‘I object theoretically, but not aesthetically.’
We sit in the car for a while and stare out at the park. The park is called Wickley West Reserve according to the sign over the gate. It’s a standard council-managed affair: gravel pathways, tall sycamores, and plenty of dense bushes and hedges for the businessman on the down-low. Nothing out of the ordinary, but beside me big tattooed Trinket shifts uneasily, her hands twitching on the wheel.
‘You’re going to tell me why we’re here, right?’
‘Can’t you sense it?’ she snaps, swinging around to stare at me.
It’s a common misperception, that, amongst humans generally – that every supernatural magically knows about every other supernatural. An appreciable comparison would be assuming that just because I used to live in Baghdad, I’m familiar with every Ahmed in London. ‘I’m a peri, not a psychic,’ I point out.
‘It’s not – it’s – dammit.’ She chews her lip. ‘Look, peri, it’s like this. The girls and I, I mean me and the coven, we’re like… we’re, you know, Wiccans. We come up here at night once a week to perform ecologically sensitive rituals. To embrace mother earth, to bring, you know, healing to the planet. And smoke a bit of pot when we can get it. A ritual, it’s like – well, I guess as a supernatural you’d understand the whole religion thing, right?’
Because Zoroaster was all for dancing around naked during the full moon, sharing the odd joint and using crystals to channel the spirit of Mother Earth. ‘Mhm,’ I say dryly. ‘One religion is pretty much the same as another.’
‘Okay, okay, good. So the girls and I were in the middle of a ritual the other night when we were interrupted by this thing. Person-sized. Couldn’t see it clearly in the dark but it was all black and wild like a demon. It roared at us and we ran for it. Dammit, we’ve been coming to the same place for four years, there’s nowhere else in Wickley –’
I wave a hand. ‘Wait a second. A demon? A real demon? And you want me to deal with it? Sure, I was told I looked imposing back in 700BCE, but five-foot-flat isn’t terribly impressive in the twenty-first century.’
Trinket narrows her eyes. ‘You’re one of them. A supernatural. You can talk to it. Convince it to leave. Or at least convince it that messing with witches is not a smart idea.’
What’s a wannabe witch going to do, I wonder – chant it to death? But I’m smart enough not to say as much out loud. Trinket is scared, and something that can scare a woman with a tattoo of little red riding hood toting an Uzi on her left bicep is probably not something I’d like to meet in a dark alley. Or in a Wickley West Reserve, for that matter. But unfortunately for my nerves I have this weakness for humans, this obliging biological imperative.
It’s a peri thing – we like to help.
‘I’ll go have a look,’ I tell her, climbing out of the car. Whatever it is, I figure it can’t be any worse than encountering BZM Tricky in his current mood.
There aren’t many people out in the reserve today. In fact, if you don’t count the teenagers sharing an illicit cigarette just inside the gates, there’s only me. As one of the few green areas in Wickley—a London suburb famous for its council flats and concrete ‘playgrounds’—I’d have expected more interest from the locals. A few dog-walkers, at the very least, or jogging housewives on a get-thin-quick kick.
It’s quiet, too, a sort of foreboding quiet that makes me want to run straight back to the witch nail-biting outside. Five-foot-flat, I’m thinking miserably, as I stamp up the over-grown pathways. A decent sized demon probably wouldn’t consider me much more than an aperitif.
I’m heading up a hill fringed by gorse bushes when a bum in a hat full of autumn leaves starts following me.
He’s a little guy with a walk that’s part stagger and part skip, and his eyes are the deep green of summer grass. An old woman’s shawl hangs off his thin, bowed shoulders. His torn and patched jeans are held up with frayed electrical cord. He could be any bum, anywhere, except his smell is wrong somehow—not sweat, not piss, but a kind of leafy decay like warm compost that’s almost comforting.
I try speeding up in an attempt to lose him, but it’s so horrible to hear him slapping and sliding along the paths behind me, wheezing with each breath, that eventually I slow down out of sympathy. We continue like this for a while, me in front, him some five steps behind, one leg stumping in the guttering. Every time we pass a bin or a tree or a park bench I hear him whacking it with his palm in a way that’s more possessive than malicious.
He yells, ‘I got a problem.’
I’m guessing it’s drugs or alcohol or maybe he’s just a victim of society—it seems to be a popular complaint these days. Smart money says I don’t have a cure for any of the ills that plague him. I duck my head; I keep walking. I don’t have time for this.
‘Listen a’ me! I got a problem!’
It’s not unusual for me to be followed in Wickley. Over the past few months I’ve suffered the attentions of Tricky’s gang-bangers, junky beggars, white nationalists and the odd middle-aged housewife with a penchant for men of foreign extraction. But this guy with his leaf filled hat is different. Persistent, that’s the word for it. Persistent, and desperate. There’s a high note in his voice that just begs attention.
‘Help me,’ he says. ‘Listen a’ me, Aladdin.’
I give up. ‘Not Aladdin, thanks very much.’ Turning, I direct his attention to the badge on my chest: the words HI MY NAME IS KAZEEM beneath the bright logo of every Briton’s favourite supermarket.
For a second I think the bum might smack me; he bunches his hands into fists and his face gets a squinched, lemon-sucking look that I’d previously thought was particular to small, stubborn children. Patiently I wait for the towel-head epithet—or worse—but it never comes. Instead he pulls himself together and says: ‘You are the Persian, aren’t you?’
‘P-pardon?’
‘The Persian,’ he says again, insistently, and reaches for my jacket, squirming his dirty fingers across my crisply pressed lapels.
‘I… Look…’
I’m shaking. That’s twice in one day. With the witch already on my case, I could walk away. I should walk away. Except there’s my biggest problem, right there: I can’t help but help.
‘Yes, I’m the Persian,’ I say. ‘What’s wrong?’
In answer the bum pulls of his hat. Those aren’t fallen leaves stuffed underneath. Those leaves are his hair. Their thin stems are rooted in his scalp and unfurl in autumn oranges and reds to his shoulders. And I see now that the skin at his temples and beneath his eyes is green tinged and his fingers don’t end in nails but in soft furled buds like tiny sprouts.
‘I am dying,’ he says.
‘Oh.’ I realise belatedly that we aren’t even speaking in English any more but have switched to an older, Slavic dialect, a medieval tongue that died long ago in the peasant villages and farms where it once it thrived. ‘That’s unfortunate,’ I tell him, feeling inadequate. ‘I’m not really certain I can assist you.’
But I already know I’m going to bring him with me, like a kid bringing home a stray puppy. There’s something so intrinsically pathetic about a dying plant-man with a hat full of autumn leaves that I just have to do something, even if it turns out to be nothing more than buying him a bag of fertiliser and some snail-repellent pellets.
‘They come to my place,’ he says, his sprout-hands enveloping my smaller ones. ‘They take my master and they take my trees. What can I do? Everything is dying. I chase them but they always come back. Sometimes they beat me. Now I have nothing.’
The name that’s been eluding me suddenly pops into my mind. ‘Polevik—a spirit of fields. Or old gardens, I suppose,’ I add, remembering the butchered property next-door, the fallen trellises and wood chipper. Eastern European geriatric, I remember. Frowning, I tilt the polevik’s chin down to my level. His skin is the deep brown of freshly tilled earth and I expect that, in the dark, the fronds of his leaf-hair would look like the wild mane of a rampaging demon. Just as Trinket’s crowd of witches would remind him of the returning workmen, come to level his jungle.
‘How do I help you?’ I ask.
‘Need a master, work his earth.’
Earth in Wickley? I’ll be lucky to find him a window box in the tenements. I squeeze his shoulder in a way I hope is supportive.
‘I can’t make any promises,’ I tell him. ‘But I’ll do my best.’
. . . .
The witch is displeased by my solution to her problem. It could be that she’s feeling ashamed of herself—the polevik, with his ragged clothes and hat, looks a lot less demonic in the daylight—but it’s probably more likely that she doesn’t want to get dirt on her hand-woven Oxfam seat covers. Her mouth is set in a thin, angry line as I help the polevik into the back of the Honda.
‘I hate to complain, Just Zeem,’ she snipes, ‘but I meant for you to exorcise the demon, not invite him on a road trip.’
‘Not a demon. Polevik.’ I shut the car door quickly before she can think to haul the poor creature out into the street. ‘Protector of fields and gardens—the supernatural equivalent of a greenie, I guess. Only attacked you because he thought you were trying to harm his trees. I expect in other circumstances the two of you might have gotten along wonderfully. Eco-sensitive rituals, wasn’t that your thing? Look at him, Trinket—you don’t get any more organic than leaves for hair.’
‘A supernatural greenie?’ Her face softens as she watches the polevik through the glass.
‘You don’t have a garden at home, do you?’ I ask hopefully. ‘Only I’m not allowed any pets in my tenement flat and, well, the last time I tried growing flowers I gained a stone—all that perfume, you know. He won’t need much room or attention, just a few bushes to look after and a weekly watering—’
‘’Fraid not. My roommate gets hayfever.’
‘No friends with green thumbs?’
‘Green thumbs, eh.’ Trinket looks shifty suddenly—she’s trying to keep a smile at bay. ‘Now that you mention it, there is one bloke who springs to mind, but he’s a bit of a crook. Bad tempered sort. Rather reminds me of the old Polish guy who died. Loves his gardening, though… You said you lived in the Wickley Street West tenements, right?’
‘Only theoretically,’ I say, remembering BZM Tricky’s war on just about anyone who crosses his path. ‘The tenements aren’t exactly a pleasant place to be right now, so practically I think I probably live in a youth hostel on Finley street. That, or on Misha Farsi’s couch as soon as she finishes her evening shift.’
‘I see. Well, Zeem, get in the car.’
As we drive through Wickley, Trinket sings her way through a medley of environmentalist campaign songs, kicking off with a rollicking tune about planting seeds in the Houses of Parliament and winding down with a sad little dirge with the chorus line meat is murder. The polevik, who appears to have taken a sudden shine to her, attempts to join in where he can in his broken English. In its own way it’s rather sweet—well, as sweet as a rotting old bum can be.
Fifteen minutes later Trinket pulls up outside the mouth of an alleyway lined with roller doors. It’s not an area I’m familiar with, but that’s not unusual—when you’re five-foot nothing, nominally ethnic and somewhat on the effeminate side, you learn to stick to well-lit, open, popular streets and places where people are less likely to punch you in a moment of nationalist whimsy. Pulling my jacket tighter around my shoulders, I slide cautiously out of the car.
‘Trinket… This is going to be safe, right?’
‘You just went demon-hunting unarmed, fairy-boy,’ she says, pulling the polevik out of the car again. ‘How do you define safe?’
I look at her tattoos and her shoulders, broad with weight-room muscle, and think, Standing behind you.
We’re heading down the alley—big buff Trinket in the lead, the polevik and I bringing up the rear–when there comes the sudden clatter of a roller door and a television skids up the path toward us, its screen shattered, its cord whipping in the air like the tail of a dervish. Behind it looms the familiar figure of BZM Tricky, his face contorted with rage, a cricket bat slung over his shoulders like a club.
I should point out at this juncture that BZM Tricky isn’t a gang-leader as much as he’s someone gangs look up to—unlike most of the hoods in these parts, Tricky finished school and university. He has a third in economics from Leister, although I doubt he’s ever used his degree: a surfeit of tattoos and a bright green Mohawk makes him virtually unemployable. As hoods go, Tricky is almost likeable—he doesn’t beat up old ladies, he doesn’t swear (his mother won’t stand for it), he doesn’t thieve from people unless they look like they can afford it, and unbeknownst to most of the goons he runs with, he’s working on finishing his final certificate in aromatherapy.
Which is why his uncharacteristic rampage through the tenements and the rest of Wickley has everyone on the run—he’s clearly lost his mind.
He stands in the alleyway now, his hands tightening and shifting on the bat’s handle like he’s trying to work out which one of us to take a swipe at first. Fearful for his life, however miserable it may currently be, the polevik attempts to hide behind Trinket. Unfortunately for him, I’m already there. Demons I can handle—back in my soldiering days, fighting them was my raison d’etre—but strung-out London hoods are not my forte.
‘What do you want?’ Tricky growls.
‘Don’t be a dick, Abram,’ says Trinket. I can’t see her face, but I swear I can actually hear her rolling her eyes. ‘You’ve got nothing left to steal, so put down the bat.’
No one’s more surprised than me when Tricky does as he’s told.
‘I can’t believe the trouble you’ve been causing,’ says the witch, actually tutting beneath her breath. ‘My little mate Zeem here is scared to go back to his own flat. Sure, you got robbed, throw a tantrum by all means, but I don’t think it’s fair to take it out on innocent bystanders.’
‘You know who it was?’ Tricky spits out. ‘Ernie. Blasted Ernie. My mother says to me, you should help out your cousin Ernest, masters degree in philosophy, can’t get a job for the life of him. So I bring him in, I show him the ropes, I give him something simple to do and six months later he’s gone. Little prick takes everything with him, the pot, the money, my blasted cd collection—he’d have taken the hydroponics system too if he could have fit it into the back of his morris minor. Kid is probably in Barbados now. I tell my mother and you know what she says? She says that Ernie got a first in philosophy. A first. Like that makes it okay—’
‘There, there,’ says Trinket, patting his arm. ‘I know your mother doesn’t mean it. Let’s go in and have some tea, how about that?’
She guides him inside and the polevik and I follow, dumbfounded, in her wake. The roller door opens up to a large warehouse—the site of Tricky’s erstwhile marijuana plantation, although there’s not even a leaf in sight now. Empty pots, the smell of fertiliser and a complex watering system of tubes and spouts hanging from the ceiling are the only mementos of his crop. Rolls of what looks like aluminium foil are stacked against the far wall, and shards of glass from a broken halogen light litter the floor.
Beside me the polevik lets out a small, sad noise that’s half sob and half sigh. I turn to reassure him, trying to remember if there’s a word for dope is in his ancient dialect, but he’s already toddling off to look around. I leave him playing with a bag of blood-and-bone mix and join Trinket and Tricky at the makeshift kitchenette at far end of the warehouse.
‘Abe and I met at a holistic healing seminar six years ago,’ Trinket whispers, as Tricky hunts down some Earl Grey. ‘This was long before he started calling himself BZM Tricky, mind. The girls and I—the coven, I mean—have been buying our dope from him since then. He’s a sweetheart when you get to know him, a really deep thinker, has a lot of views on legalisation and bio-diesel. Mother’s a battleaxe, of course, drives him crazy. You shouldn’t be scared of him, though. I don’t think he’ll ever be quite so angry at someone that he’d take a bat to your head—’
‘Who’s your other friend?’ Tricky asks, returning with our mugs. He’s eyeing the polevik dubiously across the room. ‘Foreign, isn’t he? I don’t like having strangers in here if I can help it—not that it really matters now. Say, hang on a minute, are those leaves under his hat…?’
Trinket beams. ‘That’s Polevik, your new night-watchman and part-time horticulturalist,’ she says. ‘Friend of Zeem’s from Eastern Europe. Doesn’t speak English but I’m told he knows his way around a garden, a magic touch. I reckon if you’re really nice to him, he won’t ask you for a penny for his services—he’d do it for the sheer pleasure of working with plants.’
‘What bloody plants? I-got-a-first-in-philosophy-Ernie didn’t leave me with so much as a seed to my name.’ Tricky curls his lips. ‘Look, I told you I don’t like having strangers around, and I really don’t like them messing around in my business. What the heck is he doing with my pots?’
We all turn to watch the polevik. He’s filled an empty ceramic pot with soil and fertiliser and now kneels beside it, both hands pumping the surface like a first-aid worker trying to restart a patient’s heart. I remember hearing stories of the polevik in my pre-Wickley travels, of the dark-skinned earth spirits who could cure fields of spoilt corn and draw fresh seedlings from long-barren earth at a touch. It’s about a feeling for plants more than anything, a feeling related, I suppose, to the way I spontaneously manifest daisies in times of stress. The polevik is kneading the earth to find not a seed but, I realise now, the memory of a seed.
Together, we wait. Even Tricky is silent now, sensing even through the fog of his irritation that something amazing is going to happen. It doesn’t take long. As we watch, a thin shoot leaps from the soil between the polevik’s green sprout-fingers, a five-fingered leaf unfolding from its tip like some bizarre origami. It’s like time-lapse photography: the stem thickening and splitting before our eyes, branching off into fresh shoots and new leaves that tremble toward the polevik’s furrowed face as if straining toward the sun.
‘Got a master,’ says the polevik proudly into the stunned silence. ‘Work his earth.’
‘Um, that’s great,’ I say, shifting uneasily from foot to foot. ‘But also really illegal. I hate to bring this up, especially in present company, but I’m not quite sure I can condone this sort of—’
Trinket kicks me in the ankle. ‘What do you think, Abe?’
For the first time in days, BZM Tricky is grinning like a fool. ‘Oh, he’s hired,’ he says, clinking his mug against hers in a toast. ‘He’s hired for life.’
. . . .
Trinket drives me home. It’s almost dark when we reach the Wickley West Street tenements, but for once I don’t feel the slightest bit worried.
‘Thanks,’ I say, climbing out. ‘For the lift and for Tricky, although you really didn’t have to do it. I’m a peri, we’re biologically programmed to help people in need. We don’t need our favours returned—’
‘Don’t think of it as a favour returned. I’m Wiccan, and when I’m not saving the planet, getting stoned and dancing around in the nip, I like to help people too.’
I’ve misjudged her, horribly. She smiles, kisses the tips of her fingers, and leans over to press them to my forehead. A witch’s benediction.
‘Nice riding with you, fairy-boy. Maybe together we could make the world a much better place, what do you think?’
She keys the engine before I can babble out an apology, leaves me standing on the footpath with one hand outstretched.



The Flying Woman


The Council says it’s the pipes.
Something to do, they say, with the earth settling beneath the concrete foundations of Wickley Street West. More likely to do with the fact that our tenements haven’t seen a qualified plumber since Latysha DuBois from flat 21C quit her affair with the bald guy from Mario’s Toilet Specialists, or BZM Tricky’s failed attempt to flush two litres of illegal chemicals down the loo of 6D last Tuesday. But the Council says it’s the pipes, and that’s their final word on the matter: rusty pipes.
Which is absolute bollocks, of course, because no pipe on this earth could possibly emit a scream so spine-chillingly human, no matter how bloody rusty it is.
I’ve heard some screams in my lifetime – a lifetime, by the way, that stretches back from twenty-first-century West London to the long long ago of Zoroaster’s New Persia. I’ve heard the howls of Spartans slain in their hundreds by Xerxes’s militia; the bestial braying of the wild demon-deevs who live deep in the mountains of Mazandaran; and more recently, some truly horrific squeals from little Susie Soo in 9B when her mum won’t let her watch Tellytubbies. And I can tell you without a moment’s hesitation that the Wickley Street screams are infinitely worse. A whole big-budget, special-effects, Oscar-nominated galaxy of worse.
The other tenants think I’m losing my mind – goin’ flippen mental, in our chav patois. Anita Singh, the pretty Indian lady from 19B, thinks I’m having some kind of bachelor-specific breakdown (‘The screaming, Annie!’ I splutter. ‘Don’t you hear it?’ ‘Not anymore. Raj finally connected our new subwoofers to the telly. Did I tell you it is a plasma? Picture so clear you can see every single pimple on– ’). Chu Hong, the foreign exchange student from 24D, is similarly blasé: ‘It distracts me from my studies, yes, but no moreso than the fights, the loud music, Latysha DuBois having sex, barking pitbulls, and certain people who drop by unannounced to ask me about the noise.’ And when I check in on BZM Tricky, ringleader of the Wickley hood, he claims he hasn’t heard any screams over the sound of his Playstation. ‘This is bleedin’ Wickley, Zeem,’ he smirks, fingers twitching across the buttons. ‘Screams? Who the hell cares?’
I’ll be the first to admit it: we tenement-dwellers aren’t what you’d call a well-adjusted bunch. But like those jolly folk on Coronation Street, we’ve always survived through the virtue of community; taking care of our own. In times of trouble, people usually turn to me. They all have their own gods – Jehovah, Krishna, Allah, the Goddess, Buddha, this is multi-bloody-cultural Britain after all – but I’m closer, see, and I’m accessible in a way gods usually aren’t. My door, that of flat 12B, is always open, and when they talk to me, I have the good manners to talk back.
So it hurts that when I want help, no-one seems to care.
The only other person who finds the screaming disturbing is Mack Barden from 26B. ‘Never heard anything like it,’ he marvels, as I help him carry his shopping upstairs. ‘Damn Council knows nothing. I reckon one of those gangbanger boys on the third floor've got someone hostage in their room. You listen closely, Zeem, you’d swear it was a woman crying.’
Mack is a true Wickley Street West irregular, a geriatric ex-pat who lost his Merkin accent somewhere between Philadelphia and Piccadilly. He's normally unflappable, so I’m surprised that the screams have managed to get under his skin. ‘I’d be out of here if it weren’t for the wife,’ he confides. ‘Woman’s still in bed after her last turn. Lucky she isn’t bothered by the noise – deep sleeper, is my Mary.’
I sigh. ‘She’d have to be.’
By the time the second week is up, I’ve just about had it. I’m even considering moving. I’m a divine creature of beauty and music; having to listen to the screams twenty-four hours a day is literal torture. And unlike everyone else, I don’t have a Playstation or subwoofers to drown it out.
I’m throwing t-shirts into doubled plastic bags – the closest thing I have to a suitcase - when my neighbour Johnny Flannery breaks into my flat to give me a chocolate cake.
‘Johnny?’
‘Zeeeeem,’ says Johnny Flannery, the grin on his face wide enough to span the Thames. The cake sits in one hand; from the other hangs a bushel of bent wires and spikes, his tools of the lock-picking trade. Our Johnny’s what you’d call a ne’er-do-well, but he’s a particularly charming, considerate and good-looking one. A few slouches shy of seven feet tall, he’s all hard brown muscle and ripped denim, with eyes that can spot an unlocked window or unwatched purse from seventy metres off.
He kicks the door closed behind him and meanders in with his languid trademark swagger. ‘Long time no see, eh?’
As a matter of fact it’s been very long time no see. For the past ninety days Johnny Flannery has been peeling spuds in Her Majesty’s, after being caught doing what he calls a little harmless thievin’ and nickin’. This isn’t the first time our Johnny’s been caught, nor the first time he’s been incarcerated, nor even the first time he’s broken into my house to tell me about it, so I can’t understand why he sees the need to commemorate the event with cake.
‘What’s this?’
‘Cake,’ says Johnny, sucking cream off his fingers. ‘Chocolate. I got it special from the bakers in Finchley. Can’t hardly tell the icin' rubbed off some in me bag.’
‘You know I don’t eat.’
Johnny pulls a face. ‘It ain’t for eatin',’ he explains, in the patient tone I’ve heard him use on recalcitrant juries. ‘It’s an offerin’, a present, right? Me grandmum told me I should always bring the Little People cake if I’m askin' ’em for a boon. That way they’re more likely to grant it, see?’
Of all the people in Wickley, Johnny is the only one who knows of my supernatural background. Problem is, the word fairy in New Persia suggests significantly different things in western folklore, which defines 'fairy' as a perky little creature who dances about in big curly-toed shoes and probably answers to Icklebottom or Fluffscamper. But in New Persia we are – were – fallen angels, which makes us rather more hardcore than your average Icklebottom. Sure, we’re pretty and musical and like flowers, but we don’t play tricks, don’t dress like Santa’s elves, and you’re more likely to catch us wielding a sword than a magic wand.
‘Johnny,’ I say, shaking out the last of my t-shirts, ‘I’m not little people, I don’t live under a toadstool, and if you want to curry my favour, hire me a stripper.’
‘Wish I could, Zeem, but me girlfriend says I’m not allowed t' speak to ladies of the night. Look mate, I got nothin' else to give and I got no one else to tell, no one who ain’t gonna look at me like I’m some kinda crazy.’
‘What’s wrong?’
‘I’m seein’ a flying woman.’
‘A flying woman,’ I echo. If it were anyone else I’d send them packing with a choice word about wasting my time - except I’m terribly fond of Johnny. He’s the closest thing I have to a real friend, if ‘real friend’ means you’re obligated to cough up bail money every other month and lie to parole officers. ‘Fancy that. And where exactly is this flying woman of yours?’
‘Right outside, Zeem. What, don’t you hear her screamin'?’
I stop short. ‘Screaming, you say?’
A few minutes later we’re outside the tenements, standing on the small brown patch of lawn that serves as our communal garden. Johnny looks up, squinting against what little sunlight has managed to batter its way through the thick grey clouds overhead - which is interesting, because on the other side of Wickley Street, the sun is bright, the sky cloudless. The whole thing is ominous in a cheesy B-movie way which somehow makes it more unnerving.
‘Look up an' to the right, yeah? There’s an old lady up there, hangin' around ‘bout the third floor, hollerin' her guts out. Can’t see too clearly, but I think she’s brushin' – combin'? – her hair. Dunno how the old bird got up there, mind, what with the rheumatisms they all get at that age…’ He looks to me for support. ‘You do see her...?’
I stand in the shadow of Johnny’s seven-foot frame and try to follow his line of sight. But there’s nothing there. ‘No,’ I admit.
‘Zeem, mate, she’s right there –’
‘I can’t see her.’
Johnny’s brow furrows. ‘You reckon I’m crazy?’
I don’t think Johnny’s crazy. Unrepentantly kleptomaniac maybe, but crazy, no. He’s certainly right about one thing: the screams do seem to be emanating from that spot. And while I can’t see anything, I can smell something – a damp, rotten smell, like old clothing, like mouldering paper, like the abandoned shed in Tesco’s carpark where we till-jockeys meet for smoke-breaks. And I sense a strange electricity loose in the air, a chilliness too penetrating for this British summer, atmospheric sparks of something that must be, can only be, magic.
A flying woman who screams and combs her hair and can only be seen by Johnny Flannery of 12A. There’s only one supernatural nuisance I can think of that fits this profile. Bean sidhe. Or, in the common parlance, banshee.
‘Johnny?’ I say, turning back to him. ‘Your grandmum’s Irish, isn’t she?’
. . . .
I read Darwin a few years ago.
Not Origin of Species but its precocious prequel, Letters to my Emma, a collection of the informal correspondence between Darwin and his cousin and future wife, Emma Hedgewood. Don’t bother trying your library – they won’t have it. The book never reached a traditional publisher, languishing instead for over a century at the bottom of Mrs Darwin’s glory box until an auction brought it to light in the early 1950s. From there the manuscript made its way onto the supernatural black-market in the Sixties, to be reproduced and sold within our circles as a cult classic.
Letters to My Emma is the real monkey trial, you see, in which Charlie does his best to combine Emma’s Catholic catechetics with his theory of evolution – and thereby secure her hand in marriage. Although he eventually wins the argument, it’s clear that his victory has less to do with his debating skills than with Emma’s growing affection for him. Certainly Charlie gets some facts right, but he makes two critical mistakes: the first being that religion is set in stone, and the second being that immortals give a damn about evolution.
Why should we? After all, we don’t have to do it ourselves. Our apathy even extends to the mundane world’s social evolution. You won’t see medieval British ghouls dressing in Adidas sweatpants. You won’t catch the monkey-general Hanuman offering tactical advice on India’s nuclear weapons policy. You won’t find goggle-eyed Chinese dragons haggling at the local Asian supermarket. In fact, your average immortal wanders about as if it’s still 1852, or 526, or 725 BCE.
‘We don’t change, Johnny, you see what I’m saying?’
‘You say that, Zeem, but I still see you workin’ the till at Tesco’s.’
‘The exception that proves the rule. I’m from an entirely different era and society. My kind always lived closely with humans. Back in Persia, we used to work and fight alongside them - even marry them sometimes. Whereas the most interaction banshees ever had with humans was to turn up once every threescore-and-ten years and scream portentously at them for a few minutes. Nowadays it’d be more polite – convenient – if they screamed portentously over the phone or wrote portentous emails. But no, this one is obviously sticking to the old MO.’
By this stage of the afternoon we’re sitting at the fireside of the only pub on The King’s Passage, the cobbled alleyway that branches off from Wickley Street. The pub’s name, incidentally, is The Queen’s Finger. I’m not a fan of pubs myself – even the cheapest wines aren’t harsh enough to satisfy my tastes – but at least the banshee’s ululations can’t reach us through its thick stone walls. That’s Johnny’s official reason for the visit, but I’ve a hunch that he just needs a pint, in much the same way a bloke in hell just needs a glass of water. Frankly, I don’t blame him. If thirteen weeks in Wandsworth clink fails to send a man to drink, a close encounter of the ghoulish Celtic kind surely will.
‘I ain’t allowed an email address since me woman caught me signing up to enlarge me willy, and I ain’t paid the phone bill in years.’ Johnny takes a long draught of his beer, then belches explosively into his hand. ‘Zeem, man, I don’t wanna die any time soon. Me grandmum always said that if’n you hear one o‘ them banshees you only got a day to live. Mebbe less.’
‘It can’t be screaming for you. You haven’t even been here for the past three months.’ I ease his hand off his pint and slide a coaster beneath the glass. ‘I expect the first banshees appeared to farmers out in the middle of nowhere, with no-one around to hear or see them except the soon-to-be-deceased. It’s different now that the Irish have migrated to places with Council tenements and a population density of five people per ten square feet. Trust me, Johnny, everyone can hear the banshee.’
Johnny frowns. ‘But only I can see her.’
‘You’re Irish. Well, partly Irish, but I don’t think all the Nigerians, South Africans and Slovakians your ancestors knocked up in the last century make much difference – you’re a direct blood descendant of one of the old ruling clans of Erin.’
The fire in the hearth crackles and pops as Johnny Flannery runs a finger thoughtfully around the rim of his glass. ‘You’re forgettin' somethin’ there, Zeem.’
‘What’s that then?’
‘She’s gotta be screamin’ about someone.’
‘Surely not for two weeks straight?’ I may not be an expert in Celtic mythology – most of my knowledge comes from watching The Leprechaun a decade ago – but I’m fairly sure that banshees don’t hang around any longer than Latysha’s revolving-door boyfriends.
‘Why not?’ Johnny knocks back the last of his drink. ‘Mebbe she’s screamin' about someone who’s takin’ a hell of a long time to die.’
‘Oh come on. Someone who’s not only taking a long time to die, but who’s also blind and deaf? Really, Johnny, they’d have to be out cold if they – ohhh.’
That moment, that ohhh, that’s the point when I get it.
. . . .
‘What do you damn kids wan- oh, it’s you, Zeem.’
‘Yes sir. I need help.’
‘And you aren’t the only one, looks like.’ Mack Barden peers up at Johnny – peers up and up, really – and tut-tuts under his breath. ‘Thought you were meant to be doing time, Flannery. I suppose Her Majesty’s locks were no match for your skills, eh.’
‘Got out on good behaviour, says Johnny cheerfully. ‘I’m a bleedin’ role model, me.’
‘Sir, can we come in? I’ll see to it that Johnny keeps his hands to himself.’
‘My wife is in no fit state –’
‘Actually, sir, that’s why we’re here.’
. . . .
It’s a small apartment, smaller than our second-floor bachelor pads, or perhaps it only seems that way because of the clutter of old-people trinkets that line every available surface: china dogs, teapots, plates, sepia-hued photos in wide gold frames. The greying wallpaper is covered with a fleur-de-lis motif. Close by, the banshee screams. Johnny catches my eye, and I nod: at this range it’s impossible to imagine those sobs and howls as anything other than a woman weeping.
Mrs Barden lies on a low bed in the sitting room. If it weren’t for the tubes in her arms and nose you could mistake her sleep as natural: a tired housewife having a quick nap before her husband arrives home from work. Her hands lie palms up at her sides, the wrists buckled forward. Her nails are painted a vivid red. I remember her as a loud, boisterous woman, always rushing somewhere – to church, to the shops, to dinner with friends. I remember liking her smile.
I always forget that having a turn in England can mean anything from catching a tummy bug to suffering a stroke. Except someone with gastritis would be unlikely to sleep through a banshee’s screams.
‘I don’t have to feed her,’ says Mack. ‘There’re tubes for that. The hospital was very kind after… after her turn. We've a carer who comes in three times a week.’
‘She was an O’something before she married, wasn’t she?’ I say. ‘Descendant of one of the old Irish clans. O’Connor or O’Neill or O’Toole.’
‘O’Neill. She used to be Mary O’Neill.’
Although the curtain is drawn and the lights restfully dim, I can see that Mrs Barden’s bed is positioned directly beneath a large, east-facing window. I don’t have to count the apartments on this floor to know that this is the window where Johnny saw his flying woman.
‘She isn’t really in there, you know,’ Mack says. His expression is confused, as if the sound of his own words, his own private prognosis, is a little shocking to him. ‘The hospital said that she might pull through, pull out of this, but I know it’s over now. I’m just waiting for… for the time.’
‘She’s on life-support, like?’ Johnny asks.
‘The machine breathes for her.’
Of course it does. And of course the banshee doesn’t understand. Because banshees don’t care about science. Banshees don’t know anything about life- support systems or brain-death or comas. They’re not modern-world compatible. They don’t understand how humans can postpone death for weeks, months, even years with their vitals plugged into machines. Banshees are old-school: they come from a time when dying meant you actually died.
‘I know it’s over,’ Mack repeats, sliding heavily into an armchair opposite his motionless wife. ‘But what do I do? She’s my wife, my Mary. I can’t do it – can’t hardly even think,’ he adds with a snarl, ‘with the sound of those damnable pipes…’
‘We could help,’ I suggest.
‘No – no. My Mary was a good Catholic lady. I don’t want her die in the hands of no Muslim or hood – no offence or anything, but you know how it is.’
Actually New Persia and Zoroasterism predate Islam (and, hell, Catholicism) by centuries, and Johnny considers himself less a hood than a freelance locksmith, but I don’t want to seem picky. Poor man is going through a rough enough time without getting an ear-bashing on cultural sensitivity.
‘I meant that we could help you afterwards,’ I say, reaching for his hand – but already I can sense it’s useless, from the stiff line of Mack’s shoulders. He’s not a man who believes in the precepts of dying gracefully; he is a hanger-on, a clinger-to of life and perhaps, though he won’t admit it, hope. ‘I’m so very sorry,’ is all I can manage. Mack doesn’t look at me. I withdraw to the window to consult with Johnny.
‘Do something,’ Johnny urges.
‘Do something? Do what?’
‘Well if Mack won’t help, you could always have a word with Miss You-Know-Who,’ he suggests, giving the window a meaningful look.
‘Me? Why don’t you, Johnny?’ I hiss, and drag back the curtain in one swift move, leaving the rollers shuddering within the rail. ‘You’re the only one who can see her, and chances are that you’ll be the only one who can communicate with her, too. You were auditioning earlier for the position of Human Ambassador for Fairy Relations - why not try your chocolate cake shtick on this one? After all, our misery chick here is a sidhe, and they're known to be far more obliging toward present-givers than your average Persian peri.’
Together we stare out the window. I can’t see the banshee, but I can tell from the change in Johnny’s expression that she is there. He has what you’d call an empathic face: the miseries of others reflect easily in it. So I can see our suburban bean sidhe through his eyes, her cheeks glistening with tears, her sharp features framed by ribbons of white hair.
Johnny’s forehead furrows. ‘Should I get the cake, then?’
‘Johnny…’
But he’s already opening the window and leaning out. I wonder what the banshee will make of Johnny Flannery, a man with the blood of a Dubliner but the accent of a London docker, and the smooth, coffee-coloured skin you only get from a thorough wade in the multicultural gene pool. Gripping the sill with both hands, Johnny coughs politely in a way that makes me think immediately of young Charlie Darwin preparing to explain the nature of natural selection to Miss Hedgewood.
‘Lady?’ he says. ‘Lady?’
The screaming tails off to a low howl and is replaced by a series of sniffles.
‘Lady,’ says Johnny, ‘she’s gone. Passed away long ago. Only reason she’s still breathin' is the fact they got a machine now what does it for her. It’s all wires, lady. You don’t believe me, you look at Mr Barden’s face.’
And he steps aside as Mack looks up from his armchair, dead-eyed and miserable. It’s a funny thing, but you can’t mistake grief for loss, not if you stare it in its pale and punctured slumped face over the near-corpse of its wife. Mack emits, on the most primitive, human level, all those things that Johnny – and Darwin before him – could never express in words.
‘You see that,’ says Johnny to the banshee. ‘You see that, don’t you?’
She does.
Seconds later the sniffles stop, the clouds part, and the Wickley Street West banshee is gone, vanished back to whatever Celtic mythology it came from. Leaving behind it a wake of beautiful, wonderful, fantastic, incredible, amazing, marvellous, miraculous in that oh-my-gods-I-can’t-believe-it’s-real way… silence. That’s right: for the first time in almost two weeks, silence descends over Wickley’s tenements.
Still hanging out the window, one hand curled around the sill, Johnny waves. Turning back he says, ‘I guess it’s over.’
. . . .
Although it isn’t, not quite. In fact it isn’t really over until two days later, when Mrs Mary Barden (nee O’Neill) dies in her bed, her loving husband holding one hand, a certain Persian till-jockey holding the other. Because despite Mack’s suspicions about my Middle Eastern origins, he still understands that I am an angel, and that an angel’s place – whatever our faith or location, and hell, whatever Charlie Darwin has to say on the subject – is by the side of humankind.
It’s a horrible thing to watch a husband lose his wife a second time. There are tears, and there are screams, and there are howls, there are recriminations and apologies and final promises of pure, hapless love. And after it’s all over, really over, I return to my flat, where my melancholy is tempered somewhat by finding Johnny Flannery in the process of stealing back my chocolate cake.
‘Me old lady came home with women’s problems, if’n you know what I mean,’ he explains, ‘an' I got to get her off me back somehow, and I figured that well, you don’t eat, right, you ain’t usin' it for nothin', and there’s nothin' a woman on her monthlies likes better than a chocolate – ’
I sigh. ‘Just take it, Johnny.’
‘Thanks, Zeem. You’re a mate.’
He leaves, chocolate cake in hand, and I’m left alone in a flat made more empty by silence.



What Would Luminael Do


Vampires like lofts. It’s a bat thing.
Roland de Courtenay lives on the third floor of the Wilcott Building, a crumbling faux-Tudor edifice shouldered on both sides by twin semi-detacheds. Vines tumble over its arched doorway and creep upwards to hem the second-floor windows. The windows are framed with thick brown beams and inset with stained glass mosaics as pretty as those in St Paul’s. It’s the kind of building that would be right at home in some parochial country village, but sticks out like a sore thumb in Little Lickington, an urban locale that boasts two soulless, ultra-modern shopping centres, four cinemas, six factories and a gang-related murder rate that’s twice the national average. Lickington is the Britain we’re accustomed to seeing in the grittiest of cop dramas: a place where the Bill is too scared to tread.
As I walk up to the iron gates I see that someone—a group of someones—has been busy tying signs and pieces of paper to them. It’s religious paraphernalia, mainly, in the repent-the-end-is-nigh vein that I optimistically hoped would fall out of fashion after the mid-1600s. Amongst the brain-rot I notice an undercurrent of homophobic hysteria; the old love the sinner, hate the sin shtick. There’s a badge with ‘God created Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve’ on it, because as every half-wit fundamentalist knows, that joke never gets old. A pennant with the unequivocal message GAYS OUT on it unfurls in the wind.
I head up the stone steps. The front door swings open before I reach the porch. Roland. It’s still too light for him to venture outside safely; he stands in the shadow of the door, bloodshot eyes gleaming in the darkness like a slightly under-the-weather Nosferatu (think 1979, not 1921). He’s put on weight since I last saw him and his face has grown puffy, especially around the cheeks and eyes.
‘Kazeem,’ he says. ‘My peri. You came.’
‘I think your new decorator is trying to send you a message, de Courtenay,’ I tell him, jerking a thumb toward the papers proselytising shrilly from his gates. ‘What’s this about?’
‘My darling boy, please! Permit me some small talk. We can discuss business later.’ He kisses me on the cheeks and forehead and nose—not quite a benediction. Vampires are prone to acts of minor heresy, subversions of religious gestures. The smell of alcohol—cheap bourbon barely diluted by lemonade—is thick on his breath. ‘What have you been doing with your time? Terribly interesting things, I suspect.’
‘I live in a housing estate and work at Tescos. I was employee of the month four times. I chalk it up to my genial good nature and the fact that my backside looks great in cheap polyester. What about you?’
Roland’s origins are French. Although he lost his bourgeois accent a good while ago—rather conveniently during the French Revolution—he retains his over-developed radar for British sarcasm. ‘You’re so funny, Zeem,’ he says. ‘Why, I haven’t done anything—a few parties here and there, meeting people, missing people, wasting the family fortune, you know, the de Courtenay usual.’
‘Smashing,’ I say.
He leads me upstairs to his loft. It’s pure rococo inside—florid and ornate and cluttered with uncomfortable, bandy-legged furniture. Ornamental flourishes spiral off the corners of the ceiling; stone cherubs with flat eyes and huge heads hug the walls like ugly imps. I sit on the edge of a velvet couch while Roland babbles through a checklist of supernatural gossip: there’s a Chinese dragon living in an abandoned tube station… a leprechaun married a faun and now their families aren’t talking… the vampire social scene was so much better in the old days… and so on, and so forth. Only after he’s exhausted his conversational repertoire is Roland ready to admit the real reason he’s called me. Which is of course the only reason anyone ever calls me: he has a problem.
‘It’s the locals, mon cher,’ he says, with a limp shrug. ‘No flaming torches this time round, thank goodness, but… well, it’s still disconcerting. They stage protests outside and call me all sorts of terrible names. They’ve even contacted a nearby school to warn parents not to let their children walk by my house.’
‘You’re a vampire. That’s fairly sound advice.’
‘You know that isn’t what this is about.’ Roland examines his glass of bourbon as if it were possible to divine its ingredients through careful study. ‘I don’t like drawing attention,’ he continues. ‘It’s not safe. I need some way to get rid of them, some outside help. Except I doubt anyone important—anyone supernaturally important—would listen to a mere vampire. Most fey folk see me as little better than a human, while you… why, Zeem, you’re a peri, a fallen angel; you’re ancient, powerful, legendary— ’
I can see he’s trying hard to ignore the fact that I’m currently wearing an oversized hoodie with the words YO MOMMA stencilled across the front in faux-graffiti scrawl. It’s been a long time since I’ve done anything more legendary than riding a shopping trolley down the access ramp in Tescos’ car-park.
‘I need you to talk to the archangel for me,’ Roland bursts out. ‘He can stop it.’
‘What? Luminael? Self-righteous, holier-than-thou, wouldn’t-save-his-grandmother-from-drowning-if-he-didn’t-get-the-order-from-above-signed-in-holy-triplicate Luminael? You must be out of your mind.’
Roland frowns, his lips pressed to the rim of his glass. He’s too drunk to be subtle—there’s no way any complex thoughts can filter through the haze of alcohol. Still, his self-preservation instincts remain strong enough for him to register that this is not a particularly safe suggestion. ‘I know you two don’t get on, darling,’ he says gently. ‘What with him being such a bureaucrat, and you—‘
‘And me slashing the tyres on his Citroen last month?’ I suggest.
‘Who else can help? What else can I do? Every day the damned protesters are out there with their placards. What if all this commotion draws the police? I have a collection of shrunken heads in my bedroom, a fridge full of A-positive plasma, and fangs—not to mention all that nice stuff I nicked from Versailles back in 1793. I’m not exactly the average miserable old queer, am I?’ Roland throws up his bone-pale hands, sending his barely-adulterated bourbon sloshing about. ‘I need you to talk to Luminael, Zeem. Let’s face it, none of the other powerful supernaturals in these parts are comfortable around you. The little Persian fairy who went native, it’s so bloody Apocalypse Now. No offence, darling, but you must admit you spend too much time with… with them.’
Them means humans. I’ve received a similar lecture from Luminael, many times, a lecture that starts with a rallying We are gods that walk amongst men and ends with a more practical And that’s why it’s perfectly okay to make them do things they probably wouldn’t want to do if we weren’t around. Which is why I hate the archangel—although I shouldn’t, I suppose, no more than I should hate a soldier conscripted to war. ‘You used to have a heartbeat, once upon a time,’ I point out. ‘There’s nothing wrong with liking humans. If you want me to help you, it’s going to be on my terms.’
An expression of disgust flickers across Roland’s face. ‘Oh bugger,’ he says, reaching for the bourbon. ‘You’re going to talk to them, aren’t you?’
. . . .
Because this is a witch-hunt, I consult a witch.
‘They call themselves the Concerned Parents for Purity Association,’ Trinket explains to me between gulps of Guinness. ‘Bunch of moralistic fundamentalist bastards, pardon my chav. Basically they target GBLTs—that’s gays, bisexuals, lesbians and transgendered people—in their area and try to shame them into leaving the neighbourhood. The only way to stop these people is through police intervention. They’re convinced that they’re doing the right thing, protecting children from the evils of the real world.’
She stubs out her cigarette in one of the pub’s ill-considered plastic floral arrangements and stretches, lean muscle in a leather jacket. Trinket—Patricia Goldman, according to her driver’s license–is a thirty-something Wiccan with more tattoos than a Little Lickington thug and a passion for causes. She’s pro-choice, pro-environment, pro-immigration and pro-more-ethnics-in-the-police-force, and it’s of no surprise to me that she’s also on top of the local gay rights movement. There’s a row of rainbow-themed badges (GAYS ARE OK!) in a line around her collar.
‘Roland is a vampire,’ I say. ‘Getting the police involved is out of the question. I was at his place the other night and I’m pretty sure at least two of his paintings previously belonged to Marie Antoinette. Even if the police don’t have a degree in art history, the guy smells and looks like a corpse. Surely there’s another way? Can’t I appeal to their better natures?’
‘You’re adorable when you’re being idealistic, fairy-boy,’ says Trinket, chucking me under the chin. ‘I like you, Zeem. I believe in the cause, your cause, and I’ll help you all I can. But the vampire-thing makes it tricky. I honestly don’t think anything but a nice big dose of uniformed authority is going to shift them. Unless, of course, you know someone who could flush them out with ethereal hocus pocus…’
Together we look out the pub’s window. We’re currently in The Mason’s Wife, a dingy faux-Irish pub that overlooks the Wilcott building. There’s about twenty or so dedicated souls clogging up the pavement outside Roland’s gates, armed with garishly painted signs and a panoply of slogan-splashed t-shirts. I can’t hear them through the glass, but their mouths are moving as if they’re singing or chanting. Judging from the redness of their cheeks and the sharp, almost military jerking of their placards, I’m guessing it’s the latter.
‘Sure, I could find someone to flush them out,’ I say. ‘I could also find someone to turn you into a right wing conservative. Or a submissive housewife. Or anything I wanted, really. The problem with quick-and-easy supernatural solutions is that they’re an ethical nightmare. Where do you start? Where do you stop? I’m a fairy, a fallen angel, accent on the fallen. I’m not qualified to be the arbitrator of right and wrong.’
Trinket scratches a hand through her peroxide-blonde stubble. ‘Power makes bad people into tyrants and good people into pussies,’ she says, tightening the laces on her combat boots. ‘But heck, it’s your bloody vampire, not mine. Got an anthem in mind? We’re queer, we’re here, we will not live in fear? Then let’s get down there.’
Outside the sun’s shining and the protestors are wailing their way through the concluding verses of Onward Christian Soldiers. Up close they’re a decidedly un-fearsome lot. Most are older women, of the purple-rinse-and-twenty-quid-perm persuasion; a handful of young mothers and nervous husbands bring up the rear. Aside from their Leviticus-quote t-shirts, they’re dressed quaintly in long skirts and woollen cardigans. Squint just so, and you could mistake them for members of a Salvation Army choir. Maybe they are, when they’re not rabble-rousing in Lickington.
I know a little about witch-hunts and witch-hunters. I never visited Salem but I did go to Dornoch, where I watched a mob of villagers burn a senile old woman in a barrel of tar. Janet Horne. Her crime was turning her daughter into—get this—a pony for the devil. I guess when the pair of them weren’t half-starving in a Scottish shithole, they were cantering about Sutherland turning old milk into rancid milk and whatever else witches did for kicks in the late 1700s. I’d say something trite here about how the witch-hunters were regular people, and that regular people can do terrible things for stupid reasons, but we’re in the twenty first century now. Human corruptibility? Mob mentality? Xenophobia, homophobia, misogyny and all the rest? It’s old news.
There’s a stone bollard just to the left of Roland’s front gate, and Trinket kindly hoists me up on top of it. Not quite a soap-box, but the principle is the same. The CPPA watch me with wary eyes, and their song warbles off into a low, discontented mumbling.
‘Hi. I’m here to ask you to stop,’ I say, raising my hands. ‘Please. It’s kind of not cool.’
The surprised silence that follows is broken by an old lady in a peach cardigan. ‘We’re performing a community service, alerting people to the creeps in town,’ she snaps, brandishing a wedge of pamphlets like a fencer’s foil. PROTECT YOUR CHILDREN, reads one. THE GAY PLAGUE; PERVERSION AND SODOMY; WHO IS WATCHING YOUR KIDS? ‘That French pervert gets pornographic magazines sent to his house. Lickington will be a safer place without his sort.’
That’s a fair point, I’ll concede, but not for the reasons they think. ‘I’m pretty sure it’s against the law to go through other people’s mail,’ I say. ‘Breach of privacy. And while we’re talking about legal issues, I expect you might have trouble trying to defend your right to run people you don’t like out of town. Anyway, the man’s a hermit. How is he going to get at your children if he won’t even leave his house?’
Peach Cardigan curls her lip in a way that’s unflatteringly equine. ’He’s a threat to society,’ she says stubbornly.
‘Why? He’s not setting fire to Parliament or picking fights with the Middle East. Look, I know you probably mean well, or think you mean well, but surely there are other, more worthy causes than frightening an old immigrant? What about campaigning to improve the education system? Helping out at a homeless shelter? Recycling your rubbish—’
‘You’re one of them!’ interrupts a grey-haired man in a plastic anorak, glaring at me. ‘A sexual deviant. Am I right?’
‘Um,’ I say.
I’m a peri. I’m a creature of goodness and truth and purity. I can’t lie any more than Trinket can pass a McDonalds outlet without bursting into a meat-is-murder monologue. The short answer to Plastic Anorak’s question is yes, a resounding, did-the-earth-move-for-you-too yes. But allow me a moment to put this in perspective. There are couples out there in their thirties and forties who, after a decade of marriage, decide to buy expensive apparatus and fetishwear in order to ‘spice up their sex life’. That’s a decade. I’m nine thousand years old. At that age you don’t call yourself heterosexual or bisexual or gay or kinky or vanilla or any other of those curiously limiting human terms. In nine thousand years, I haven’t just had sex, I’ve had all the sex. There isn’t a permutation, cast, or position I haven’t explored, and it’s not because I’m deeply perverted, it’s because it’s been nine thousand years, and—let me be blunt here—humans, mortals, have no idea what nine thousand years feels like.
‘Yes,’ I say. ‘But allow me a moment to put this in per—’
‘I thought as much,’ snaps Plastic Anorak before I can finish, and shakes his REPENT sign at me with all the conviction of an exorcist. The rest of the CPPA take his cue and swarm in, buzzing with mob-malevolence—which is when Trinket decides to pull me out. Lifting me off the bollard by the back of my jacket, she drags me back to the safety of The Mason’s Wife. In our wake the CPPA growl and hiss and shake their placards. GAY, NO WAY. SEXUAL DEVIANTS GO TO HELL. PROTECT LICKINGTON’S LITTLE ONES. Better than flaming torches, as Roland said, but not much better.
‘You should talk to people more often, fairy-boy,’ says Trinket, settling down at the bar. ‘You’re a regular little Churchill.’
‘Shut up. That isn’t fair. They didn’t give me a chance. Let me go back out, I know what to say now—I’ll talk to them about how Roland is an okay guy, and how sexuality isn’t a choice, and maybe quote some scripture from the New Testament—not Paul, obviously, but—’
‘Don’t fret. The real problem is never what you say; it’s how they hear it.’ She signals the bartender for a fresh Guinness. Cool in the face of adversity, is Trinket; as a professional activist, I suppose she’s used to it. ‘Anyway, you’re talking to the wrong people. Didn’t your vampire want you to go to the top? Appeal to the highest authority?’
I narrow my eyes. ‘I’m not grovelling to Luminael.’
‘Highest authority, not highest supernatural authority.’ Trinket ruffles a hand through my hair. ‘Every cause, no matter how offensive, has its champion. You’ll just have to find theirs.’
. . . .
It turns out he’s in politics.
His name is Harry Edwards; he’s a member of the BNP (‘Typical,’ Trinket snorts); he’s a fundamentalist of obscure denomination; he’s running for a place on the Little Lickington council next month; his campaign slogan is A Better World For Our Children; his photograph on the CPPA website is fair and handsome and lightly freckled, and he exudes a youthfulness that’s both pure and determined. I’ve seen him before—if not in the flesh, at least in spirit. Where there’s a witch-burning or a vampire-staking, there’s always a man like him, a guiltless arbitrator of righteousness, a moral bellwether. Harry Edwards. The CPPA’s founder. He is the sort of man, I feel, who is easy to follow.
He has an office in the larger of Lickington’s shopping centres. It’s close enough to walk to from Trinket’s apartment, so we do—the witch leaning protectively over me all the way. Outside Edwards’ office, she straightens my jacket in a motherly fashion, an uncharacteristic softness in the lines of her face. I feel like a soldier, ready for battle. Champion of a vampire—well, I could do worse. Trinket squints under the neon shopping centre lights, her quick fingers reaffirming the creases of my collar.
‘You’re not coming with me?’ I ask.
‘No. I’d be more of a hindrance than a help,’ she says. ‘Dealing with those ridiculous cardigan-wearers, that’s one thing—but it’s different with the men at the top. The controllers. The brainwashers. The Man. I’ll get too worked up about it. Remember when I was on the cover of The Sun for throwing eggs at Tony Blair? Got worked up about the war, went a bit mental, ended up with a fine and a good behaviour bond. Didn’t help me, didn’t help the cause. Anyway, women like me don’t get on with men like Harry Edwards. I think it’s the tattoos.’
She flexes the one on her left bicep, which depicts a half-naked angel getting spanked by a demonic dominatrix. Both of them have tassels on their nipples.
‘Probably for the best,’ I agree.
Edwards’ office is bigger than I’d expect for an unelected politician. A small entrance hall opens into a waiting room with a queue of four comfortable chairs, two bookshelves worth of pamphlets and a wealth of flora (deceptively plastic). The slogans that decorate the walls aren’t as blatant as the ones carried by the CPPA, but they share a similar, underlying theme. REAL FAMILIES, REAL VALUES. BELIEVE IN A BETTER, SAFER WORLD. PROTECT INNOCENCE, PROTECT CHILDREN. There’s a reception booth, but it’s currently unmanned, so I put on my most charming smile and walk into the inner office to meet the man himself.
Harry Edwards is sitting behind a big desk—a big desk to match his big office and big career plans. In person he’s tanned and casual, his jacket unbuttoned, his tie carelessly loose. He’s handsome in a clean-cut way; those freckles give him a boy-next-door charm. Something about his mouth reminds me of the vampire and the long-ago days of pre-revolutionary France, when Roland was handsome, and I was—if not exactly interested—at least easily entertained. A fan of light streams through a crack in the curtains and spreads itself across his papers like a single wing.
‘My name’s Kazeem al-Djinn," I say. "I’ve got a friend that your CPPA followers are harassing. Roland de Courtenay. I’ve come to ask you, respectfully, to stop them. If you’d like to discuss the matter further, I’m sure you’ll find five minutes to spare.’
Harry Edwards considers this proposition for a moment. ‘I suppose I’ve got five minutes now,’ he says, pretending to consult a slip of paper amongst the stacks on his desk. ‘Al-Djinn. That’s an Arabic name, if I’m not mistaken. Are you a Muslim Arab?’
I play this one free and easy. ‘My prophet predates Mohammed. You might have heard of him. Started a ministry at 30, got tempted by the devil, lots of mentions in the scriptures…’ In the Avesta scripture, to be precise, but I trust that Harry won’t require a citation.
The politician seems satisfied. ‘I don’t usually let people through here without an appointment,’ he says. ‘You’ve caught me at a good time.’ A lie; I’m sure it’s the potential for a lawsuit or—worse—negative media attention that troubles him. ‘So you want to talk about de Courtenay. Do I assume you’re aware of his perversions?’
‘I don’t believe his sex life or his magazines are any of my business. Or yours.’
‘We live in a dangerous world. People are scared. They don’t need the added threat of perverts in their community. I campaign for the safety of children. I want the people of Little Lickington to be able to sleep soundly in their—’ He breaks off, frowning. Our eyes have met over the piles of his neatly stacked paperwork. And he must—must—recognise in mine the bored disinterest of a man who’s heard those same clichés (protect the children; perverts at large; the threat of an unspeakable and indefinable danger) used to champion so many different causes…
‘You don’t care about my campaign,’ he says.
‘Just Roland.’ I inch closer to his desk, until my knuckles touch the wood. ‘It can’t be long until the council elections, Mr Edwards. I bet a controversy like this would get you a lot of lines in the Lickington Weekly. But I reckon your involvement with the CPPA looks a great deal better when it’s confined to a photo on a website. It’s much less attractive when it’s stamping about the streets in a plastic anorak, shouting hymns and waving signs that say THE END IS NIGH.’
He laughs in my face. ‘You’re going to sic the newspapers on me, is that your clever plan? Have you even read the Lickington Weekly lately? The reporters love me. I’m going to clean up the town. Oh, you might think the CPPA look ridiculous out there, with their poster-boards and t-shirts, but for every critic like you, there’s a dozen people who silently agree with what we do. We’re the future of Lickington. In fact, Mr al-Djinn, we’re the future of London.’
He has power, Harry Edwards does. I sense it in him, I smell it in him, as my kind can. It’s not a supernatural power—not even in the loose, neo-Pagan sense that a witch like Trinket has power. It’s a power of personality, a power over people. And what’s worse is that he’s the kind of man who believes it’s perfectly okay to make people do things they probably wouldn’t want to do if he wasn’t around—a mentality I’m learning swiftly is not, in fact, solely the province of arch-angelic supernaturals.
‘I’m sorry,’ I tell him. ‘I’ve made a terrible mistake.’
I leave. Outside, I call Roland on Trinket’s mobile phone. Our conversation is short and final.
‘Roland, I can’t do this.’
‘Have you spoken to Luminael?’
‘No. But I’ve tried, I even talked to—’
‘Zeem,’ says the vampire quietly. ‘This is my life.’
He hangs up. I feel—not for the first time—the true weight of centuries, the weight of my centuries, and the balance of his. The witch, sympathetic to the failures of a novice activist, wraps a tattooed arm around my shoulders and squeezes. I sense that she expects an outburst from me, a yell, a scream, something appropriately mental, but I don’t have it in me. Nine thousand years of human violence, hatred and general idiocy—I can’t muster much more than a pout.
‘We’re going to see Luminael, aren’t we?’ she says.
. . . .
So, at the end of a day that’s seen me stumble from one failure to another, I find myself in church. Which is fitting, in a way. Trinket claims that churches are a symptom of the patriarchy (in much the same fashion another person would claim that suppurating boils are a symptom of venereal disease), but I prefer to look at them as Luminael does: a place for last resorts. A place you go when you can go no further.
The archangel claims he trades in hope, not help, although today I aim to get a measure of both.
Our Lady of White Hands is a simple, Spartan church, a far cry from the excesses of the inner-London cathedrals. From the outside it looks like a run-down little cottage; only the neon image of a dove, glimmering in the window, marks it as a religious venue. Inside, the pews are plastic chairs, the walls seamed with rising damp, and only the arched window directly above the altar contains stained glass. A mix tape of Hallelujahs, Ave Marias, and Mozart’s greatest hits plays discreetly over the church’s audio system. Everywhere there is the smell of—well, it’s not mustiness, precisely, or even rust; the best way I can describe it is that it’s the smell of old, an oldness that’s at odds with the crude plastic furniture. Old stone and old people and old laws. And old archangels, too.
Here’s the funny thing: this run-down little cottage-of-a-church is full of parishioners. Even now, at half ten in the evening, they crowd the pews, crammed shoulder-to-shoulder like kids breathlessly awaiting a teen idol. Although Luminael never shows his true face here—in outer West London, what self-respecting supernatural would?—the faithful still come, drawn by some sort of sixth-sense for divinity. Trinket and I are forced to stand near the back, just beside a crude papier-mâché piggy bank and a sign inviting the congregation to donate to the Church Roof Fund. Inhaling, I smell sweaty rosaries and cheap perfume and muddy wellingtons; and, after a few minutes, my nostrils fill with the familiar dark odours of sulphur and blood. The smell of old faith and desert gods.
‘The peri,’ murmurs a voice behind us. ‘A little far from Baghdad, aren’t you?’
I turn. Technically the archangel Luminael has only one shape but many reflections; it is seen by some as a man on fire; by others as a bright pillar that rises to the sky; by yet others as a human, simple and guileless, a face easily lost in a crowd. But as a fellow supernatural, I see it as it really is. Its body—his body, although the pronoun is really just a convenience, a contrivance—is that of a Nubian giant with skin as black as the night sky, and across this dark canvas sparkle a thousand green eyes, on his hands, his face, his neck, his torso. In the old days—the really old days—the angels could witness in every direction. Witnessing is serious business; I guess having eyes just in the back of his head wouldn’t cut it.
Luminael is terrible, of course, in the way that all powerful things must be terrible. But the fact that he’s so terrible also makes him hilarious. I suspect that when Luminael was picking forms, no one thought to mention to him that he’d spend most of his elongated lifespan pushing a pen in refectory offices, day-dreaming of miles and miles of ecumenical red tape.
‘I could feel you here. Your intrusion. Your… misplacement? Displacement?’ The archangel’s wide mouth changes subtly; it becomes something smile-shaped that is not a smile. ‘I know why you’re here. You want to talk about the vampire. Don’t look so surprised. Roland de Courtenay has been begging for me to intervene for months. I thought he’d end up turning to you eventually. You seem to be the last port of call for all London’s lost souls.’
‘Roland and I have an understanding.’
‘You mean you were lovers. You mean you feel guilty. Oh, I know you, Kazeem, I know how you think. I doubt you’re involved in this gay rights idiocy for humanist reasons. Too many times you’ve sat back, too many times you’ve looked the other way. This is just about you, you and your little world, and your little friends. Am I right?’
He knows I can’t lie. And when I search myself, really search myself, I realise he’s speaking the truth. Like I said to Harry Edwards, it’s just about Roland. There’s no moral aspect to this dilemma, not for me. I’m not and never will be an advocate for gay rights—not for political reasons but because human life, dammit, is so transient and human hatred is so predictable. In the middle ages it was witches and vampires, in the sixties it was Communists, and between the two it was everyone from the Jews to the blacks to the French bourgeoisie. If my nine thousand years of existence have taught me anything, it’s that people will always find new reasons to set fire to each other. Some of them I’d say were almost—almost—justifiable; but most were simply ignorant, and stupid, and unarguable as the will of gods.
‘Yes,’ I say. ‘It’s about my own little world.’
I don’t look at Trinket, but I can feel her expression, dagger-filled and betrayed.
‘Of course it is,’ the archangel purrs. ‘If you had any social conscience at all, I’m sure this world would be a different place. Considering your particular abilities. You peri-kind always had such pretty voices…’ His reaches for my chin and automatically I flinch away, partly because the chill of his voice unnerves me, but mainly because the eyeball-hand thing is disgusting. ‘So why haven’t you fixed de Courtenay’s problem already, my little fairy?’
‘I’m coming to tell you to fix it. They’re your responsibility. The CPPA is Christian, like you.’
‘You flatter me. I’m strictly pre-Christian, although I like to think I look young for my age. But even if I was Christian, I wouldn’t be quick to claim responsibility. You know as well as I do that fanatics like the CPPA use religions as a means to an end. Harry Edwards could have just as easily co-opted Islam or Judaism or any other faith. The fact he chose mine—or a derivative of it—is indicative only of its popularity.’
‘But you can stop this, can’t you?’
‘So can you.’
‘Luminael—‘
‘Luminael what? Luminael, solve my problems? Luminael, fix the things I’m too cowardly to do myself? You’re a peri, not a man. You were born in the silt and the shit of the desert gods. You have fought a hundred wars and killed a thousand men. You have breathed fire; you have swum oceans; you have tamed demons; you have dreamt forests into being. Of all the gods of London, only you are older than I. How dare you come to me and tell me you are weak?’
‘I can’t—’
But the archangel looks bored now; his many-eyed gaze has drifted to his congregation, his ears pricked to the whispers of their wants, their needs, their silently offered desires. ‘Get out of here, al-Djinn,’ he says. ‘Go slash my tyres again if you think it will help.’
I’m about to snap out a witty comeback when Trinket, red-faced, turns on her heel and pushes her way out of the church.
‘Your own fault,’ says Luminael, as the door slams behind her. ‘If you insist on behaving like a human, they’re bound to treat you like one.’
‘Oh, shut up.’
I find Trinket chain-smoking on the church’s steps, her shoulders hunched against the bitter winter wind. For a second I’m tempted (gods help me!) to follow Luminael’s authoritarian approach to human relations. It does seem easier, if not perfectly okay, to make Trinket do something she probably wouldn’t do normally.
Like forgive me my weaknesses.
‘I’m sorry about—’
‘I thought you cared. Well, I thought you cared about more than one stinking vampire.’ Trinket drags hard on her cigarette. ‘Not that you even seem to care about him. All that arbitrator for right and wrong stuff… I thought we actually needed Luminael. I bet Roland did too. Why the hell did you call me if you could just snap your fingers and—’
‘I wanted to fix it the right way.’
It’s the wrong answer. People like her, like the witch, like the vampire, can never see the means for the end. Slippery slopes? Equivocal justice? The abuse of absolute power? All fine, so long as they serve her needs. In the street she turns on me, jabbing a blunt fingernail into my chest, and in her face I see that the thing I’d felt growing between us—a closeness? a complicity?—is gone. There’ll be no more collar-straightening and morale building from the witch. I have the power to change things; I have not done so; and that makes me the enemy just as surely as the CPPA.
‘Tomorrow morning,’ Trinket growls, ‘you will fix this the way you should have fixed it in the beginning.’
. . . .
Morning, then. A cold grey sun shines down over cold, grey Little Lickington, with its cold grey streets and cold grey shopping malls. And it shines, too, on the solid Tudor facade of the Wilcott Building, outside which a group of cold, grey citizens have amassed. On the left side of the iron gates are the CPPA—a jolly good turnout today. A few dozen members are foot-stamping and sign waving on the pavement as energetically as the climate permits. Anoraks rub shoulders with Cardigans; Bible-verse t-shirts with Knitted Ponchos. They’re doing Onward Christian Soldiers again, presumably because it’s the one song that everyone knows the words to. And there’s a new face in their midst—why, it’s handsome Harry Edwards, who’s come out here just to prove, I suspect, that he’s not ashamed to march alongside his foot soldiers.
On the right side of the iron gates are Trinket Goldman and fifty men and women draped in Ché Guevara merchandise, rainbow scarves and bobble hats. Activists. Not to be outdone by the CPPA, they’ve also come bearing signs: GAYS ARE OK; GO HOME FUNDIES; PROUD TO BE OUT. Standing on the front-lines, a rainbow bandana tied Rambo-style about her forehead, Trinket leads the group through the ‘we’re here, we’re queer’ chant. In my absence the witch has clearly gone a bit mental. Mental enough, I assume, to send an open invitation to everyone on her gay-rights address list. The CPPA are lucky they aren’t covered with egg-yolk by now.
I stand at the window of Roland de Courtenay’s loft and contemplate the drama that’s not unfolding so much as exploding messily across the street like a burst mains.
‘You’re lucky the Wilcott Building has a back entrance,’ the vampire mutters behind me, stirring the remains of an adulterated Bloody Mary. ‘Wouldn’t want you to inadvertently get caught up in your own mess. Really, cherie, was that the best you could do? My life’s on the line and you leave the grunt work to some dippy neo-Pagan with band tattoos and a bunch of university drop outs. I’m starting to think I should have just waited until the little fundy bastards died out.’
Three floors below, the CPPA snarl, the activists scream, Trinket yells and Harry Edwards preens. As I watch, a girl in a bobble-hat cranes out from the activists’ ranks and spits a mouthful of soy coffee at a middle-aged man in a knitted vest. Someone throws a water bottle; someone hits someone else’s banner; a woman in a plastic poncho tries to wrestle a sign from a skinny boy with dreadlocks.
‘In retrospect,’ I agree, ‘that would probably have been the wisest option.’
Roland pouts. ‘Don’t be coy, Zeem. You can still turn this around. Luminael called last night to tell me that you’re just as magically-capable as he is. One little peri-touch and voila! Thirty nasty homophobes suddenly transform into nice, normal people.’
‘Luminael’s a liar. It doesn’t work like that.’ Sighing, I join Roland on a bendy-legged couch. ‘A few centuries ago I saw them burn a witch in Scotland. I could have intervened; I could have saved her life; I could have forced my supreme will on them, Luminael-style. And I wanted to, believe me. But messing with free will isn’t as simple as flicking a switch; all you do is divert the hatred, channel it, revise it. If I’d forced the mob to stop burning witches, they’d have found a new pastime—civil war, or genocide, or ritual sacrifice…’
‘I suspect the witch would have been happy enough, though.’
‘Roland, the point is that I can’t be the one to choose who lives and who dies and which house they choose to protest outside next. I don’t have a direct line to an ultimate moral authority, and even if I did, I’ve noticed that pretty much everything touted as an ultimate moral authority just winds up following the human zeitgeist. And that’s why I talk. Or try to talk. Because talk changes things the way the blundering hand of an interventionist god can’t. Because talking makes people think and sometimes, sometimes, that’s all it takes. And—and dammit, Roland, get off my thigh. What happened in the sixteenth century should probably stay there.’
‘Shame, that. You look quite sweet when you get worked up,’ says the vampire, dabbing at his mouth with a lace cuff. He scowls briefly. ‘Well, I suppose that’s it, then. But before you crawl back behind your Tescos’ till, peri, I trust you’ll do me the small courtesy of cleaning some of those idiots off the pavement. I know you didn’t start it—I’ll blame the indiscretion of my mailman for that—but your presence has certainly upped the level of insanity.’
‘Of course I will. I told you I’m going to fix this.’
‘By exerting your supernatural will?’ Roland asks hopefully.
I hold up a finger. ‘Just this once,’ I tell him. ‘If you want help again, you should probably make some new friends. Ones with heartbeats and limited life spans and band tattoos, for preference.’
By the time I get outside, the fighting has devolved into a shouting match. Two competing yet rhythmically complimentary chants—GAY NO WAY and GAY’S OKAY—echo off the street’s unbroken chain of semi-detacheds. My old friend Plastic Anorak is tangling with a group of acne-speckled students; a handful of CPPA banners are being ripped to shreds by a girl with a buzz-cut and a single, suggestive ear-ring. The activists have numbers on their side, but an unwillingness to attack purple-haired old ladies means they’ve been forced to surrender several of their signs to the enemy.
At the centre of the melee, Trinket and Harry are facing off. I can see—but not hear—the two of them yelling insults and, possibly, pertinent ethical concerns. Beneath the bandana, the witch’s face is bright red. Unprepared for such an encounter (and perhaps a little scared, too—leather-wearing Trinket does cut an intimidating figure), Harry looks far from his usual photographic self. His hair’s awry; his eyes are wide; his media-friendly smile has become a grim rictus.
With all the noise, I’m surprised the police haven’t shown up yet—but I suppose that this is Lickington, the cops probably have more important things to do. Which leaves me, and me alone, to mediate this suburban war.
I huff into my cupped hands; I straighten my own collar; I open the Wilcott Building’s old iron-worked gates and lean out.
‘Stop,’ I say.
They do. All of them. They freeze in place, mid-chant, mid-song, mid-yell, mid-sign-fight. Even Trinket and Harry quit snarling at each other and turn their faces toward mine. Luminael’s right about one thing: as a peri, I do have a pretty voice. A beautiful voice, a charming voice, a powerful voice. Get the pitch just right, and my voice can make humans do anything I want them to. Too simple, you think? Too easy? Well, it’s an act of a god, a Deus ex machina—so that’s the whole bloody point, isn’t it?
I say: ‘You kids are all going to talk this out yourselves.’
‘Oh,’ says Trinket.
‘Ah,’ says Harry Edwards.
I close the gates behind me. ‘No signs. No slogans. No yelling and no throwing things. Just talking and listening. And no more of this nonsense until you all come to a solution that everyone agrees on.’
The CPPA and the activists nod dumbly, in unison—which is good enough for me. As they start mumbling amongst themselves, I slip out between their ranks, pausing only to give Trinket’s hand a quick, encouraging squeeze. Talking. It’s a middle ground; the only middle ground I can see. I may be forcing them all to do things they probably wouldn’t want to do if I wasn’t around, but it’s a far cry from melting their frontal lobes into zombie-like obedience with my ineffable will—the archangel Luminael’s preferred MO. My way, Trinket and Harry can make their own choices. Hate or love, at least I can say it’s in the hands of the human conscience now.
At the end of the day, I think that’s what separates me from the angels.



Johnny and Babushka


I love Christmas.
I think it’s mainly the tinsel.
But also the wrapping paper and the crackers and the presents and the carolling and Harrods and the Queen’s Message and the goodwill-to-all-mankind and the way my home-town Wickley looks in winter, all tucked up in a white fleece of snow.
My flat-neighbour Johnny Flannery says it’s weird for me to celebrate Christmas, on account of who I am and, more specifically, what I am. He has a point, I suppose. I'm a fairy. Genus: Perisan peri, or Perfume-eater. Era: 7th millenium BCE. Mythos: Zoroastrian. Traditionally, Zorastrians do Nouruz, we do Sadeh, we do Pateti, we do six gahambars and eleven Jashans; we do Khordad Sal (the anniversary of Zarathushtra's birth) and, to even things up, we also do Zartosht No-Diso (the anniversary of Zarathushtra's death).
We technically don't do Christmas—but look, it’s all secular and commercial now, right? Sure, back in my day, it wasn’t all this jolly mince-pies-and-Tannenbaum stuff. Far from it. In 7000 BCE the Christ-child himself was a mere twinkle in his father’s eye—and a very faint twinkle at that. We didn’t get any decent December festivities until the Romans invented Dies Natalis Solis Invicti in the early two hundreds and invited every solar god and his dog to join the fun.
Christmas in the middle ages was a good laugh, what with the gambling and the carolling and the pageants and the rest. But to my mind, nothing can beat Christmas in twenty-first century London. Maybe it's the vibe. Maybe it's the festivities. Maybe it's the way families come together, exchange gifts, and share the year's joys and hardships over eggnog and turkey...
Okay, thinking about it, it's probably the tinsel.
Anyway. This—the story that follows—isn’t a story about a Christmas miracle but I feel like it ought to be.
You're welcome to suspend your disbelief.
#
Christmas Eve. The night before Christmas, and as it happens there is something stirring in my shitty ten-by-fifteen metre tenement flat: me.
I'm in the middle of making myself a Christmas crown out of foil, glue, beads and sticky-tape (I saw it on Playschool) when there's a knock on my door. I unstick myself from the table, the wall, and my own sleeve and go to find out who it is.
Outside, bouncing from foot to foot in the corridor of our tenements, is my flat-neighbour Johnny Flannery. You know Johnny: six-foot eleven, brown, handsome, leather-clad, nominally Irish, with a grin that makes grannies feel faint and a police record almost as long as his very long arms. Last seen climbing out your bedroom window with a stereo in one hand and some Tupperware for the girlfriend in the other—yes, that Johnny Flannery.
Johnny is also sort-of-kind-of my best friend. I’d make a joke about that, but this is West London and I’m five-foot-flat and ethnic and a fucking fairy and I’ve come to be rather grateful for Johnny’s company. And, of course, his loyal silence regarding my supernatural origins. There’s not terribly much you can hide from your neighbour, particularly when he keeps breaking into your house to watch late-night cable.
‘Zeeeem,’ goes Johnny.
‘Johnny,’ I riposte. Then burp. I’ve spent much of the afternoon eating glitter, which I understand is bad for people and also quite bad for fairies too, but not in the same way. ‘I suppose you’d like to come in…’
But he already is in, his feet up on my coffee table, his arse on my couch, and the remote control in the palm of his hand. ‘Didn’t know if ancient Zoroastrian fairies celebrated Christmas,’ he says, digging a hastily-wrapped present out of the pocket of his jacket. ‘So, like, if you do, here’s something. If you don’t, though, I’ll ‘ave it back…’
‘I do, ta, Johnny.’
‘It’s a personal organiser,’ he explains, as I tear away the paper.
Of course it is. I’m always asking him to get me something practical, and the personal organiser is the very epitome of practical. I switch it on and check the specs. It has an electronic diary, an alarm, a calendar, GPS, email and even an inbuilt web browser, which I guess would be useful if I ever felt masochistic enough to try surfing the net on a three-inch screen. Admittedly from certain angles it looks a little like the case Johnny’s girlfriend keeps her mascara in (which I’m certain he did on purpose, one of his less than subtle digs at my masculinity)…
‘I figured it’d be useful, like,’ says Johnny. ‘On account of you havin’ so many associates to keep up with. Banshees and demons and vampires and the rest of them types you fairy folk hang out with.’
‘I’m a veritable supernatural socialite,’ I agree, scrolling through Google street view with my thumbs. I might’ve been born nine millennia ago, but when it comes to technology I’m totally cutting-edge. I’ve even got my own Facebook page. ‘So where did you steal it from?’
Johnny pulls a face, a face that’s now full of the Christmas pudding I’d left out on the coffee table in case any hungry young carollers came knocking. ‘Ah now, Zeem, don’t look yer gift horse in his mouth. Where’s yer Christmas spirit?’
I give him a look. My flat is positively redolent with Christmas spirit, and has been since early November. I’m a fairy, after all; we get excitable around shiny things. There’s not a cupboard or table or chair I haven’t swathed in brightly coloured bunting; every doorknob is wearing its very own tiny Santa’s hat. My Christmas tree—an eight foot monstrosity I had to wheel home from Tescos in a shopping trolley—is bent double underneath the weight of the hundred-thousand odd decorations I’ve accumulated over the years and enough tinsel to moor a warship. (Personally, I think it compares quite favourably to the charity Giving Tree in Wickley's shopping centre...) Sprigs of mistletoe sprout somewhat optimistically from the light-fittings.
‘Don’t you roll yer eyes at me, fairy-boy,’ Johnny says, one figure jabbing the bulls-eye of my Rudolf-the-Red-Nosed-Reindeer jumper. ‘Cynical folks like you always ferget the true meanin’ of Christmas. Ain’t about bleeding tinsel and presents and the like. It’s all about givin’ somethin’ back to those who need it.’
‘No, that’s the true meaning of your court-ordered community service. I've done my charity work, thanks. I advised the Giving Tree people on their tinsel choices—’
Johnny’s about to clip me one over the ear when we hear someone yelling outside–and then, close, too close, the squeal of brakes.
And then a thump.
Johnny and I look at each other.
We’re out the door in record time.
#
The victim of the crash is an old woman. A trio of young hoods stand dumbly around her body, which is spread-eagled on the pavement like a clumsy snow-angel. The pooling light of the streetlamps gives this sad little tableaux a strangely ethereal quality. Ethereal and still. There's no sign of the car that hit her. Or a sign that help is on its way. Or a sign that anyone except the hoods have even noticed the woman on the ground. And at this time of the evening there's few cars on the road (which is iced up and slippery), and all the shops across the way have already closed their doors for the holidays.
‘Ambulance,’ I say, puffing up—Johnny a half-step behind me. ‘Did you call an—’
‘Course we done,' says a hood. 'We ain’t stupid, mate. They says they’ll be here in a half hour, like, on account of how the traffic’s bogged in round the top end of town. Christmas shopping n all.’
‘Said we had to watch her, like, until they came. So’s we is. It’s the charitable thing, innit.’ This little slice of Dickensian Christmas spirit comes from the lips of a fat white kid in a yellow hoodie. She stares down at the crumpled woman and sighs. ‘God bless the old cunt.’
I look down, too. There’s no blood. The woman's left arm’s sitting at a funny angle and her chest looks dented, curving inward where it shouldn’t. She’s breathing, sort of, little whistles and whispers like a sleeping child. Her head’s wrapped up in one of those patterned scarfs that Russian ladies sometimes wear, and her clothes are quaintly old-fashioned, layers of gypsy skirts and a belt of chain and flat silver discs.
In one hand she’s clutching a sack that’s almost as big as she is. Gently I bend down and pry away her fingers.
And—because I’m curious—I look inside.
It's filled with presents.
Each one is wrapped up in shiny Christmas paper, with the name and address of a lucky child pasted to the front.
‘Oh, yer kiddin’,’ says Johnny, who’s looking over my shoulder. ‘Oh. Oh geez. Oh geez, Zeem. Do you know who that is? I mean, is that bleedin’—’
‘Yes. Poor woman. I wonder what she’s doing out at this time.’
‘Oh, we know,’ says Johnny, tapping the side of his nose to intimate a secret shared. ‘We know why.’
‘We do?’
‘Sure we do. Old lady with a bag full of presents…’ If he intimates any harder he might take a nostril off. 'Not that hard to guess who it is, is it?'
'Guess who—oh.' I don’t know the specifics of the British school syllabus, but I do know that there’s a big focus on cultural diversity. I expect that Johnny has heard the stories of Babushka; that he’s familiar with the old Russian woman in a headscarf, a sack of presents over her shoulder, chasing the Christ-child from house to house with the tenacity of an insurance salesman. 'That's nice, Johnny,' I say uneasily. 'But actually—'
Johnny bounces, energised. 'You know what we got to do now, don't you? We got to deliver 'em.'
'What?' I look at the hoods, hoping for a sensibly derisive teenage response, but the hoods are already looking at Johnny—tattooed, six foot eleven, serial offender Johnny Flannery—and have appeared to come to the consensus that this man is a Role Model. ‘Christmas spirit,’ they chime. ‘’Tis the reason for the season.’
‘Please, Johnny. If it was any other day of the year you’d be going through her wallet for her credit cards. It’ll take us ages to find these people, anyway. Do I look like I know where…’ I check a present. ‘…Holsbury Street in Upper Wickley is off the top of my head?’
Johnny nudges my arm, and I realise I’m still holding my personal organiser.
‘Don’t you got a GPS on that thing, mate?’ he asks, grinning.
#
So, on the night before Christmas, when I should be at home eating glitter and watching the BBC's Carols from Kings, I am instead tramping up the streets of Wickley behind a convicted felon and three probable-felons-to-be. I'm not really sure why I'm doing it, only that Johnny is very persuasive and also very tall. And maybe I feel a tiny bit guilty, too. I'm a creature of goodness and light and happiness, but tonight my conscience has been upstaged by the humanitarian instincts of a bunch of local thugs.
We've left the Russian lady in the hands of the paramedics. (They say she'll pull through, which I can tell Johnny's having a hard time not declaring a Christmas miracle). The first address on our Christmas list—for a present Johnny's carefully selected by the age-old method of lucky dipping—is on Mercy Street. According to the GPS, this is a casual five minute stroll away for someone who's six foot eleven and fit, and a horrible five minute sobbingpantingstumble away for someone who's five foot flat and has a belly full of glitter.
But it's too much to hope the others will slow down for me. Johnny, striding along with a sack of presents slung over his shoulder, is unmistakeably a man on a mission; the hoods follow in his footsteps like loyal pages after their Good King Wenceslas.
I catch up with the group as Johnny's knocking on the front door, the present—a medium-sized rectangular box in pink sparkly paper—tucked under his chin. I'm about to voice my misgivings about blindly handing out mysterious boxes to small children, when a middle-aged woman wearing a Santa's hat and a tinsel boa appears at the ingress. Her face fairly sours when she sees who's on her doorstep.
“Hello,” says Johnny, whose Christmas spirit appears indefatigable. “I'm 'ere to deliver—”
“Wait.” The woman squints. “Aren't you the Irish bastard who stole my Playstation last month?”
Johnny is politely disarming. “I 'ave brought a present for yer daughter. A very merry Christmas to you, ma'am.”
The woman is pushing up her sleeves, a very un-merry scowl on her face, when a grubby little girl appears at her hip. Johnny's gaze shifts from mother to daughter; he bends from his great height until he and the girl are at eye level.
“Are you Fei Ling?” he asks.
The child wrinkles her face. “Yes,” she says.
“Then this is for you,” says Johnny graciously, and places the present into Fei's small hands.
“Don't you open that,” says her mother automatically, but her plea falls on deaf ears. Fei is already ripping off the paper. Amongst the immutable truths I've learnt in my long existence is the fact it is not physically possible to separate a small child from an unwrapped Christmas present. Rankled, the mother turns her attention back to Johnny. “Flannery, isn't it?” she says. “Aren't you meant to be in jail?”
“Doin' community service this time,” says Johnny. “On account o' me good behavior.”
“Good behavior? Community service?” The mother snorts. “Well I tell you now, Johnny Flannery, you ain't done this community any favours. You theivin' shit, that Playstation cost us good money.”
“Mummy, look, it's a Barbie,” says Fei.
“Can't we let bygones be bygones?” Johnny tries, smiling the winning smile I've personally witnessed turn a one year sentence into six months.
“'Tis the reason for the season,” chime the hoods, a little more uncertainly this time.
“I should call the cops on you right now.”
“Mummy-mummy-mummy-MUMMY, it's a Barbie, MUMMY.”
Fei's mother looks down finally at her child, who is fairly windmilling the plastic doll to get some parental attention. “Oh,” she says, softening a little. “It's the one you wanted, isn't it? What are you going to call her?”
“Barbie,” says Fei, in that tone that says: Don't you know anything, Mum? “Her name is Barbie.”
Johnny, a man with well honed get-away skills, chooses this moment to start inching away from the door. The hoods follow his lead; and soon we're all half-way down the street, back-patting and grinning and congratulating each other for a job more-or-lessly well done... and for the life of me, I can't help but get swept up in their good cheer. What's more Christmasy, after all, than bringing toys to small children?
“Okay, fairy-boy, where are we off to next?” says Johnny, flicking his fingers at my belly and Rudolf-the-Red-Nosed-Reindeer's nose. “We got a big night ahead of us.”
“Wait, there's at least thirty presents in there,” I say, my good cheer faltering at the thought of the very long roads ahead of us, and the very short legs I have to traverse with them. “We really can't—”
But Johnny's already lucky-dipped another present from his sack. “Number 8 Hemmingway Close!” he declares, as the hoods cheer. “Ain't that just past the pub?”
#
I am, as I've mentioned, nine millenia old and I'm used to seeing history repeat itself, practically ad infinitum (and certainly ad nauseum). There's a saying that goes: there are no new stories ever written—and I feel now, more than ever, like we're walking along a path already well-trodden. But Christmas has always been about traditions and signs and the curious little things mortals do to make sense of a world too bloody complicated for them to ever understand.
Babushka's story is, of course, a story about apologies. When the three kings of the Nativity invite Babushka to join them as they follow their star-of-wonder, Babushka has other things to do. Her house needs cleaning; the floors must be scrubbed; food must be cooked and, most importantly, she needs to find the right gift for the Christ-child. (And what do you buy for the son of a god, really?) And while Babushka procrastinates, the Christ-child slips away from her; he is gone by the time she finally reaches Bethlehem, her ungiveable gift clutched to her chest.
Babushka is still looking for him. She sublimates her guilt for failing him by leaving presents for other children—it is a sort of penance. A community service, in fact, that's very much like the one Johnny does every Monday, Tuesday, and Friday.
And, of course, the community service he's performing now.
There's a light snow falling as we walk the streets of Wickley—the kind of light snow you often see peppering the outermost branches of Christmas card Christmas trees, or sprinkled across the roofs of barn-yards and farm houses in pastoral idylls. (Not the usual sort of snow we get in Wickley, which predominantly comes in slush.) Johnny's taught the hoods the dirty versions to some classic holiday favourites; they carol away merrily, the yellow hoodie taking the high notes that the two boys can't reach.
Like Babushka before us, we do our rounds. This little boy gets a fire engine. This little girl, hiding behind her father, gets a book about origami. This family gets a hamper of small gifts: bits and pieces for the Christmas tree, a couple of CDs, and that special Tescos Christmas pudding that no one but visiting uncles eat. This little girl gets an astronaut's helmet. This little girl gets a DVD of early Star Trek episodes, and gives us a traditional Vulcan salute as we leave.
After a dozen or so successful present deliveries, Johnny starts to regale the hoods with his unique take on the Christmas mythology.
“Parents invented Santa so's little kids wouldn't know where presents came from,” he explains, in the most paternal of tones. “He's sort of like god, right, only fer little baby Christians.”
“Actually,” I say, still lagging behind the pack, “Santa is generally associated with Woden, who's pure heathen.”
Johnny frowns, but rallies on. “Anyway, y'know how god 'as angels, right? Well, Santa 'as little elves instead fer helpin' him—”
“Not in the Netherlands,” I say. “In the Netherlands he's got a helper called Zwarte Piet who cheerfully beats the shit out of kids on the naughty list. And in parts of Eastern Europe he used to have the Krampus, who wear black masks and drag chains which they throw at passing children—”
‘And it’s called Xmas on account o' how Jesus were nailed to a great big X,’ Johnny snaps.
‘No, Johnny,” I say automatically, “it’s called Xmas because in Greek and Roman, X is the first letter of the word Christ.’
The hoods look suspiciously between us. Trying to work out who's telling the truth—which, frankly, as both a mythological creature and someone without a police record, I find rather offensive.
Surprisingly it's Johnny who breaks the tension. “I ain't no expert,” he says mildly, tossing a sparkly-pink present in his hand. “You should listen a Zeem 'ere. He's always got 'is facts straight on this sort o' stuff. I reckon I'll stick wit' gift-givin', eh?”
He double-checks the address on the back of the present, then trots off to knock on a door. The hoods, still playing page, aren't far behind him.
I watch them do their Babushka business from the pavement. Johnny is a thief and the hoods are a bunch of little bastards who've a reputation for ringing doorbells in the middle of the night, writing misspelled graffiti on people's fences and pissing in public places. This is their pilgrimage, not mine; their chance to give back. And yet what they're doing here, as we walk from house to house, seems less like a penance than an impulse.
Sure they're doing good in the Christmas tradition—in, specifically, Babushka's tradition—but it doesn't fit in my head in the neat way I'd prefer it to.
#
We deliver the last presents to a pair of snotty-nosed twins just outside the town centre; they squeak happily and hug the yellow hoodie. Their father invites us in to sample his home-made eggnog, but it's getting close to midnight now and the hoods have parental curfews. We say our goodbyes before the hoods think to serenade the twins with a farewell carol.
Our route back to the tenements takes us down main street, where the lamp posts are swathed in red tinsel like barber's poles and every shop window is printed with a Merry Christmas decal. (Naturally the French bakery's reads: Joyeux Noel.) The pavements are crowded with people returning from late church services and the annual carols by candlelight held in Wickley's community centre. Johnny, who's always got an eye for an opportunity, nicks someone's wallet and uses the cash in it to buy the hoods a kebab each.
Then the yellow hoodie finds some mistletoe hanging from a street sign and gets in a snog with the better looking of the two other hoods. And the less attractive male hood carves his name into a bus time table with a penknife.
Johnny and I leave them to it and walk home through the snow, which is looking slushier by the minute. At my place, Johnny flips through repeats of Carols from Kings while I potter off to the kitchen to pour him a glass of brandy and myself a glass of Chanel No. 5.
“You know all that present-giving doesn't count as community service, right?” I say, returning with drinks.
Johnny shrugs. “I know.”
“Then why do it?”
“Dunno. Why wouldn't I?”
I look at Johnny for a long time.
“Merry Christmas, Johnny,” I say eventually. “Thank you for being my friend.”
“Merry Christmas, Zeem,” says Johnny. “Thank you fer bein' mine.”
We clink glasses. We drink. And I don't wince, even though I want to. I'll admit it freely: I'm nine millennia old and I still haven't gotten used to the indignity of being taught life lessons by humans.
Especially not on bloody Christmas day.
#
This story has an ending, but it's not magical or miraculous.
Three days after Christmas, Johnny and I go to the hospital. We've got a patient to see, and a Christmas miracle to verify. Patient visiting hours are almost up, but tall, dark, handsome Johnny manages to flirt his way past two duty nurses and a janitor without too much trouble.
We find our Babushka in the private wing. As we enter her room, she starts awake, and the monitor at her side peep-peep-peeps like a hungry chick. Her heartbeats zigzag irregularly on the screen. An elaborate pulley system is keeping her bandaged left leg raised; her right arm has a plaster cast. Without her patterned scarf she doesn't look particularly Russian. She's just a small, broken woman. She looks like no one special at all.
“Are—are—” the broken woman begins, rubbing her eyes, but Johnny puts a finger to his lips to quiet her.
“Hullo, Missus B,” he says. “Don't you bother gettin' up on my account. I jus' came by to say that you ain't got nothin' to worry about. With the presents. Me n' my friends, we delivered 'em. All them kids got their presents. So don't worry 'bout a thing, you hear? You concentrate on restin' yourself and getting better.”
The broken lady's face crinkles in confusion. I put a hand on Johnny's arm before he can go in for an over-friendly, over-Christmasy hug of togetherliness.
“You should probably head off now, Johnny,” I whisper. “I'll take it from here. The lady Babushka and I have things to talk about. One mythological being to another.”
“Oh, aye,” says Johnny, intimating with his finger again. “I'll meet you outside then, fairy-boy. G'bye, Missus B.”
He strides out, a hero's exit, ducking ever so slightly to clear the door frame. The broken woman and I watch him go.
‘It's Kazeem, isn't it?’ asks the broken woman finally. “I 'member you helped us some with setting up the Giving Tree. You had opinions about our tinsel.”
‘That's right,’ I say. ‘And that was my friend Johnny Flannery. It’s okay, he’s nothing to worry about. He got out of Wandsworth for good behaviour.’
‘Did he really deliver those presents? I should thank him. I think everyone needs to thank him.’
‘Ah, no. I think it might be better if you didn’t.’
‘What do you mean?’
An unfortunate side effect of my fairy biology means I've an awful time trying to lie, but that doesn't mean I can't prevaricate with the best of them. ‘Johnny’s an unassuming kind of man, Mrs Edgeworth,' I say. 'Wouldn't want anyone to make a fuss of him.'
“I was worried someone might have stolen all the gifts,” says Mrs Edgeworth, leaning back on her pillows. The pulley system creaks in relief. “What a disaster that would be! Especially considering how much support the Giving Tree got this year. Dozens of presents donated. Those poor unfortunate children would have been so disappointed—“
“Quite,” I say. “Lucky we had Johnny Flannery, eh.”
On the way out I stop at the hospital gift shop to browse their assortment of fluffy bears and balloons and plastic flowers and other Get Well Soon paraphernalia. I'm not going to tell Johnny about Mrs Edgeworth and the Giving Tree, of course. I want Johnny to have the dream of saving Christmas, but I also I owe him a real gift, something a little more solid than bloody Christmas spirit. Call it an impulse, or maybe just plain old peer pressure...
'Tis the reason for the season, and all that.
