The Lord of Fire

by Richard Andersson



To my friends, you where the one that made this happen. Love you all.






Prologue

One step forward. One step. One step. That was her mantra to keep moving. If she just kept moving, she would reach Montanos. One step. One step.
Her right arm helped her to keep focus. She just needed to slap the stump on her right leg from time to time, and a fresh new wave of pain washed over her, pushing away the tiredness. Each time she did she gritted her teeth and screamed but it kept her moving. The bleeding had stopped after she had cauterised the wound. One step. One step.
Around her night was falling, the sun gave off its last rays, washing the land in purple, red, and orange. Any other day it would have been a very beautiful sight. Now it just reminded her of a bruised and broken body. The right side of her face hurt and itched. She tried to not touch it, but she wanted so badly to scratch it. But if she did she would bleed again. She had not seen it but felt the scars from the fire. 
Everything hurt, her body was scars and bruises, and her heart was a raw wound. So much was lost in one day. Her hand. Her eye. Her mother. Her baby sibling. Her father. Her fucking traitors' father.
One step.
It was hard to focus on things besides walking. The only thing she could do to distract herself was to play mind games so as not to focus on the pain. She saw his face. His laughs. And the fire. She imagined skinning him alive. To burn his body parts one by one. To throw him in an abyss. He would die. Everyone that helped him would die. Everyone would burn. The whole church would burn.

“Where are we going?”
“To a town, I need to find Anzia.”
“Why?”
“I need help. I need to see a medicine person.”
“You do not need that to burn them.”
“I can't fucking burn them if I'm dead!”
The lord of fire fell silent. So much had happened and changed in a very short while. Her family was dead, and she had almost died. The only reason she was still alive was because she had made a deal with the lord of fire. She was still processing everything from that night.
Night fell, but she continued to walk. One step. One step. The cold had started to drip in, out here far from anything the ground did not hold on to much warmth. She started to shiver, and it was hard to keep going. Had it been any other night it would not have bothered her, but with the pain and loss, the cold crept in much deeper into her bones. She had been walking on adrenaline ever since she left the ruins of her home. But Adrenaline did not last forever and it had started to fade. Even the stump smacking was not working as well anymore. But she had to keep walking. Even if it was just out of spite. But it did not keep you warm. 
Fire, I need some fire. 
She looked around, and she saw no trees as far as she could see. On these plains, there were very few trees. Most of them grew around the river or a natural well. But she was far away from any of them, and too cold and tired to walk to them. The only thing she had nearby was grass. Grass was everywhere, a sea of green as far as she could see. But grass didn't burn well on its own.
“You are a herald of fire. They will burn if you command them to. They are of my children, so they will do what I tell them.”
She went on her knees and started to gather the grass. She had to stop herself to not try to gather the grass with her right hand. It was like it was still there, wanting to help. “Go away, your gone.”
After a while, she had enough for a small fire. Now what? The embertube was at home if it hadn't burnt up in the fire. And she hadn’t packet any other firestarter tools. Even if she had something to use she only had one hand.
“Focus on the grass. See the fire in it. Make it bigger.” 
Had it been a day earlier, if she hadn't been so cold, and in chock, she would have questioned it. But she looked at the grass. Focused on it. She wanted it to burn. She wanted to be warm. And she found something. In the back of her mind was an ember of some kind. It was like a burnt piece of wood, small and black with a little hint of red on it. She focused on it and tried to blow on it to make it glow. She closed her eyes and leaned forward. In her mind, she blew on the ember Nothing happened. She opened her eyes and saw that she had scattered the grass. She pilled them up again, and anger started to well up. This was so stupid. “Burn. Just fucking burn!” 
The ember in her mind sputtered and started to smoke. And a spark umped from her stump to the grass. At first, it looked like it wouldn't take, but the sparks were persistent. And the green grass, smouldered and then burnt. 
“This will be my last gift. The rest is for you to learn.”
“Thank you.”
The flame was not huge, but the heat was intense. She sat as close as she could to just absorbed the heat.
She sat for a while just looking at the fire. Her mind was numb, and she sang a song under her breath. She didn't think about what had happened. If she did that she would unravel and not be able to get up again. She kept focus on Renaldo. And how he would die. The flames burst up as a wind had caught them. She looked around. She had not felt any wind the entire time she had walked. She shook her head and turned back to the fire.
When the fire was nothing left but ash and smouldering grass did she stand up. She wanted to collect it, to make an embertube. But she didn’t have the strength, nor the will to learn how to make one with one hand.
She started to walk again. Montanos was still miles away.

“Zi, what did you learn at Teacher today?” Zi was walking up the road to their farmhouse. Once a week all the kids who were near enough, and parents with important jobs would go to Teacher. Their dad was a clerk for the mayor in Montanos, and since he worked with taxes it was decided they would go to Teacher.
“Teacher talked about the world mum. The gods, how they made us from their image and made the world for us to play in.”
For a moment, mum stopped gathering the wood, and she just stared out over the plains. All there was out here was grass and rocks, where the sheep would grasse during the day. There were no other farmhouses that were near enough to see. Which was not uncommon, people built their houses far away to give every home enough grass to feed their sheep. Their sheep had been gathered up and been put in their pen for the day. She shook her head and walked to the woodpile beside the house. “Teacher didn't talk about reading and counting?”
“Teacher said that it was more important to learn about the gods, so our souls can be saved.”
“Ah.” Their mother was silent for a moment, picking up some of the smaller splinters. “So what did they say?”
“That the gods were the first beings in the world.”
“How did they make it?”
“What?”
“How? How did the gods make the world?” Zi looked down at their feet
“… Teacher didn't say. He…Teacher got mad when I asked.”
“Ah.” She gathered the last of the splinters and walked to the house. Their dad wasn't home, he spent his time in town most days, but came home when he could and stayed for a couple of days. It was Zi and her mum that looked after the sheep most of the time.
“Do you know mum?” She placed the wood on the side of the house.
“Well, I know one story about how the world was made. But it is probably not the same story teacher would tell.”
“How can there be many stories of how the world was made?”
“Well, my mother told me one story, and Teacher will tell you another story. Maybe one version is true, maybe both are true, or both are false.”
“That makes no sense!” Mum laughed and patted the spot next to her.
“The world is hard to understand.” They went and sat down next to her. “My mum told me, and her father told her, all the way back to the beginning. “
“Beginning of the world?” Their mum smiled.
“No, to the beginning of people.
At the beginning, there were four elements. Fire, earth, water, and air. They were the first things that existed. But there was no world then, no birds, fish, sheep, or people. The elements were siblings, and they were young. They played, they fought, they argued, and they made things.” They sat transfixed, taking it all in. They could see it in their mind's eye. 
“And one day, the elements had a child. Nature was born.”
“How can they have children?” 
“I don't know Zi. But it was not a birth like you and I understand. But one day nature was there. And from nature, all things we know came from. Birds, fish, sheep, trees. Earth gave their body for nature to live and grow on. Fire gave them warmth, water nourished them, and air took nature with them, to show them the world.”
“Are the fish the children of nature then?”
“No, they are nature. But with time, nature had children. Nature had us. After a long while, nature gave birth to humans, goat people, and the Donaris.” She moved her hair behind her ear. “So to recap. First came the elements, from them nature was born, and from nature, we humans, goat people, and Donaris were born. We are children of nature, and the elements are our grandparents. And you can find the elements in everything. We have to drink water to survive, our bodies are made from the earth, we breath the air, and fire is in all of us.”
“Ooohhhh.” Zi looked over the plains, their eyebrows furrowing.
“What is it?”
“That isn't what Teacher said happened.”
“What did they say?”
“That gods made the world. They didn't say anything about elements and nature. He just said that we are the god's children.” Her mum put an arm around them.
“I don't know which story is true. I'm not sure anyone knows.” She smiled and looked at them. “But now, I think we should eat something. “
“What about the gods mum?”
“I will tell you another day. Come now.”






Chapter 1

She didn't know how long she had walked. Only that the sun had risen, and she kept on walking. She didn't meet anyone on the road and had passed the tradingtown in the early morning light. After she had long passed it did it occur to her that she could have stopped there to ask for help or a ride to Montanos. She laughed on the inside and just kept on walking. It was too far now to turn around, and she had a suspicion that if she stopped walking, even to just turn around she would fall down. Besides, Montanos was ahead of her. One step. One step. The landscapes had become a blur, of brown and orange, with green specs in here and there. How far away was it still? When had she last eaten anything? Or slept for that matter. Her legs were numb, and her feet hurt. It was so hard to keep her eye open.
“Just a little rest. I can just…Rest a little bit.” 
She stooped walking. She should keep on walking, but the adrenaline was far gone, and everything in her body beside her heart wanted to stop walking. She was panting and shivering in the sun. She sat down on the road. 
“I'm just going to sit for a lite bit… Just a little…” 
She sat for a moment, and her eyelids came down. Everything turned dark and the last thing she remembered was her head hitting the ground.
How long she slept she didn’t know. An hour, a day, a year. She had no dreams.
She expected to taste the dirt in her mouth and feel the sand on her cheek when she woke up. But she laid on her back, and there was a blanket on her. The sky was…brown. The sound of a small fire filled her mind, and it took her a moment to realize what the other sound was. It was people, someone was singing nearby and then a mumble of people far away. It sounded like the market… 
She had made it. She made it to town somehow.
She sat up in the bed, the bed was against a wall, and she leaned up against the wall and took the room in. The room was small. A table, two chairs, her clothes… Her clothes. She looked down. Bandages covered her body, and her head was wrapped up. It was the only thing that covered her body. She moved her legs over the bed and sat there for a moment. She didn't know how long she had been out, but she was still tired. She tried to stand. But her legs had other ideas, and they collapsed under her, and she fell to the ground. She tried to catch herself with her hands. It took her a moment to remember she only had one hand now. Pain surged up from her stump to her elbow, shoulder, and then her entire body. A scream filled the room as she lay on her floor, trying to hold back the tears.
The singing from the other room had stopped. The door opened, and a man ran inside.
“What happened did you fall off the bed? No, you tried to walk, didn't you? Alright, hold on to me.” With his help, she got back into bed. The pain was fading, and she could take a look at the man. He was short and chunky. Their hair was cut short and brown, and he had a mustache on his face. 
“Right, lay here and I will go and get some broth for you.”
He got out of the room, and she sat against the wall. The pain faded away, and when he came back with a bowl of broth, her stomach growled at the smell of it.
“Now. Tell me what happened to you.” 
“My farm was attacked two days ago.” Her voice was coarse and small. It felt like whispering. 
“By whom?” He raised to spoon to her mouth, and she took the broth. It tasted homemade. Like mums… What would she tell him? She could tell him the truth about what happened but… What if he is a churchgoer? Or a believer?
“… Bandits. They came in the night. Tried to rob us. When they found out that we didn't have anything they burnt the house down. I'm… I'm the only one that survived. Then I walked here.”
“Barely survived. I was coming back to town from a tradetown with some friends when we saw you laying on the road. We thought you were dead at first. But you were breathing. We tried to wake you but nothing worked, so we packed you in the wagon and I took you home. The town healer came by and looked you over and then wrapped you up and…
“What?”
“The hand. They said it looked like you did it yourself… What happened?”
“I was trapped. Had to get out. The fire had gotten to my face and… “
“You don't need to tell. Forget about it, and I'm sorry to have asked. The healer left a balm, you should rub your burnt skin with that every day. The stump should be fine if you let it be. And they said that you should get an eye patch. I can make one for you. I have the materials around.”
“What do you work as?”
“Shoemaker. Mostly I fix people's old sandals, but I do some other leatherwork. My name is Sabastus.”
“Zinra.“
“Good name. Strong name. “ He scraped up the last broth from the bowl.
“The healer said you should rest for now. Your body just needs some time to heal.” She nodded her head. Sleep was creeping in at the corner of her eyes and she wanted to lay down again. Sabasuts got up and walked to the door.
“Thank you.”
“Don't mention it. Rest now.”
She put her head back on her pillow and Sabastus left the room and sleep came soon after.

She slept all day and woke up in the middle of the night. She wanted nothing more than go back to sleep, but her body had needs that needed to be taken care of. Thankfully Sabastus had thought ahead and put a chamber pot next to her bed. After a brave use of it, she crawled back to sleep. In the morning Sabasuts helped her to unravel her bandages to put the salve on her face and other places where she had burnt herself. He also fed her more broth. After that he told her he needed to work, but he would be in the next room over and she only needed to shout, and he would be over. She spent an hour in bed trying to sleep but she had a need to move, laying still had never been one of her strong points. So she got up and walked around the room on her own. She wanted to leave his house, she had things to do. But her body was still weak, and she was pretty sure the only thing that helped her move was spite. One step. One step. She just walked from her bed to the little fireplace that he had lit in the morning. It had gone out, as he had just used it to make a quick fire to make some tea. She leaned closer and looked at what was left of the fire. Some unburnt wood, ash, and a few embers. She thought back to her walk to Montanos. It was like remembering a fever dream, but she had made a fire on her walk. And the lord of fire had spoken to her. 
“Lord. Are you there?” 
Silence. Had it all been a dream? Something she had made up to herself in the panic and pain? Then why could she still feel the ember in the back of her mind? She held out her hand to the embers that were in the fire. She concentrated on them. At first, nothing happened, and she felt so dumb. This was stupid. And then, the ember in her mind sparked and fluttered. And the little ember in the fireplace glowed brighter like someone was blowing on it. Then nausea welled up inside of her. She put down her hand and made her way back to the bed. But it hadn't been a dream. She had made a fire on her walk here. With too many questions she went back to sleep. There were still no dreams, just an endless nothing of sleep.
She woke up the next day by Sabastus telling her he was leaving to go to the market. She had been sleeping too much and was tired of seeing the same room. But the sleeping had helped her recover her strength. Maybe she could see the rest of the house now. She didn't want to spend any more time in bed. The walk to the door was slow, she had to stop from time to time to catch her breath. But she reached the door in the end. Her room was connected to what she took as his workplace. The first thing that hit her was the smell. Leather and wool. There were shoes, sandals, and yarn spread out everywhere. In the corner was a small pile of wool. There was a chair in front of the worktable. Nothing was ornate, everything was built to be worked with. Brown, gray and black. She sat on the chair to rest. As she sat and took in the room, her right hand started to itch. She reached out to scratch it and… Then she remembered she didn't have a right hand. She looked down at her stump. It was gone. The skin had healed fine enough, thanks to the healer no doubt. But she could still feel the itch. The back of her hand. She tried to scratch the air around her stump but to no avail. Feeling silly, and a bit of unease she looked over the worktable for a distraction. She spotted a bronze disk and picked it up. It was not the best reflection in it, but she could see her face in it. Or what was left of it. The scars were not as bad as she had expected. The right side of her face was red, and in some places, it looked like it had melted. Same with her ear. You could still see that it was an ear, but it was more a lump. But her eye… there was just a hole now. There was just a gaping hole where her right eye had once been.
“I'm hideous…” She put the bronze down and closed her eye, as tears were throwing to fall. And rage in her stomach. They would pay for this, for leaving her like this. For all the lives they had taken that day. She took a deep breath and opened her eye. The tears could wait. She stood up and walked around the room taking in the sights trying to keep her emotions in check. Most of the room was just more tools and material and stopped to stare. Above the door was an icon made of wood. An icon of the god of love. She just stared at it for a moment, when she heard a voice in her head.
“Burn it. Burn this house down when he returns!” 
“I’m not going to burn his house down!”
“I command you to burn him and this house. I'm your lord!”
The lord's voice was all-consuming, she felt their hatred and rage. It seeped into her bones, stoking her own anger and hate, feeling them and amping them up. It would have been easy. To let go and just burn all of this. There was a fireplace in the room, and she could feel the embers in the ashes. And a part of her wanted to. To see what she could do now. To see what she could do against the church. 
She smacked her stump on her leg. Her pain was overwhelming, and she fell to the floor and curled up.
“You dare…” The voice faded from her mind. She didn't know how long she lay there, just listening to her heartbeat and the sound of the street. When the pain finally faded, she got up and went back to bed.

In the evening he helped her to walk to the kitchen table. She had insisted to eat something else than broth. He had made a simple dinner of rice and beans. She was happy to eat something solid again.
“I have something for you.” He pushed a piece of the leather over the table to her. She picked it up to look at it. “It's an eyepatch. It's simple but it should work just fine. And be able to put it one with one hand.”
“Thank you.” There was nothing standout about it, just a simple piece of leather with two straps. A part of her was happy, while the other half was sorrow. Happy for the kindness, and the sorrow that she would need to wear it the rest of her life. She put it on.
“Your family that was attacked… What was your mother and father's name?” She looked at him and raised her eyebrow.
“My mother's name is…was Marina.”
Sabastus put his spoon down and looked over the table at her.
“They… They say that the church came to Marinas farm to root out heresy. But you said there were bandits…” 
She put down her spoon, and a stone grew in her stomach. What rumors had been spread around town?
“Where did you hear that?”
“When I was out, I heard some people talking in the market, that the church had come to a farm. I asked around some more and they confirmed it was Minras farm. They said everyone was dead there.” The anger welled up in her. “Your father worked for the mayor, right?” She nodded.
“I didn't know him. But I have a friend that also works for the mayor, and she said that your dad and the mayor talked a lot the last few weeks. About how his wife had turned a heretic and was…”
She stood up and pointed the spoon at him. 
“I know what he fucking did! He brought them. He brought Renaldo to the farm!”
“Burn him. I told you to burn him.”
“I'm sure he just wanted to do the right thing.” Sabastus was shrinking in the chair. “He just wanted to save your souls and”
Something snapped in her. All she could see was red and, in the middle, a clear spot where she saw him, this little cowering shit.
“He killed my mother! He killed my baby sibling! His worries brought them to us, and they decided to burn us. We don't need fucking saving!” The fire in the kitchen burst up and became roaring. She could feel the ember in her mind kindling and burning bright. 
“Take the fire, show him the errors of his way.” She turned and looked at the roaring fire in the fireplace. It was magnificent, and it was hers. She held out her hand to it, and without knowing why, commanded it to come to her. A small portion of the fire flew over to her and landed in her hand. She flinched away from it, expecting it to burn but there was no pain. But she held the fire in her hand, and turned back to Sabastus, as something dark was settling in her stomach.
Then for a moment, she looked at him. He was on his knees crying. He was mumbling something
“What are you waiting for, burn him.”
“I'm sorry, please don't kill me. Please!” 
In her mind, she took a step back and saw the black abyss under her. The fiery abyss of hatred. How easy to let go. To just let fire take over, to become flame and let it burn.
Sabastus kept mumbling and crying in front of her. She took a deep breath. In. Out. And her anger and hatred subsided, back to the pit of her stomach. She held out her hand to the fire pit and let the flame back.
“I'm sorry.” She sat down. “I'm not going to kill you. But my father… He was the one who brought them. He brought him to the farm. They would have left us alone if he hadn't…”
Sabastus looked up at her. His eyes were red, and tears were streaming down his face.
“I should leave. I will leave in the morning.” He stood up and just nodded. She had no appetite left and got up from the table and went to her room.
“What…What are you?” She stopped for a moment. What was she? Did she even know anymore? 
“A heretic, Sabastus.” She closed the door.
She sat on her bed for a while, just staring at the floor, trying to think about what to do. Things were already spreading around town. But it sounded like everyone thought that she was dead. That she had perished with her parents that night. No one would be looking for her. That would make some things much easier now. 
She slept uneasily that night.
In the morning she packed her things. It was not much, the clothes on her back, the eyepatch, and the salve that the healer had left her. She still felt drained, but she would just have to grit through it. One step, one step.
Sabastus was already working as she exited the room.
“Sabastus…Thank you. For your kindness.”
“Don't mention it.” He didn't look at her.
She walked to the door.
“Will you… Are you going to tell people you had me here?” He was quiet and didn't move. It felt like time had stopped for a moment, and then he shook his head.
“No. Some people know I have taken in a sick person. But no knows who you are.” She nodded.
“Thank you, and goodbye.”		

As she was standing outside his house she knelt and put the eyepatch on. Her jacket that she had been walking in went down to her hips. The bandages had been left at her bed in the morning. The scars on her face had healed remarkably fast. Maybe the salve the healer had given her was good. But in her heart, she suspected that her new powers were responsible. 
The town had come to life. It was market day when the farmers from around the plains came into town to sell their wares. It was also close to the monsoon rain when it would rain for weeks at the time. People wanted to get their things in order before then. She had come with her dad sometimes to sell some of their sheep and their wool. Then their wool was sold to the river folks, who traveled up and down the grand river going through the plains and then to other lands, selling and buying their wears. She used to like coming to town, all the noise and activity. All the things you could look at, the people and their wares. All the life in her harbor, the rare glimpse of things from far of lands. Once when she had come to town with her parents she had seen a carpenter that had traveled with the river folks. They had set up a little stall in the harbor. She had been fascinated with all the things they had sold. She desperately had wanted to buy a figure of a goat person, but she didn't have the money for it. She had used to love all of this. Now, looking at it all, it just reminded her of her burnt home.
She had to find Ansia. Her mum had told her if things got bad that she should go into town and find Ansia. But she had never told her where to look for her. All she had promised that one day they would go tighter and visit her. She stopped walking. She had forgotten to ask Sabastus about her. She bit her lower lip and looked over the market. Then she saw what she was looking for. A sign for an inn. Her dad had once told her that innkeepers knew everybody in town. She would start there. She could go to the mayor, but… After all the things her dad had done, she didn't want to associate with him. 
The inn was already bustling with people. Food and mugs of liquid were being served and carried around. It looked like most people were talking and making deals with the merchants. She walked over to the innkeeper who was standing behind a long table counting coins. 
“Hi, I'm looking for an Ansia, she lives somewhere in town, I wonder if you could tell me where she lives?”
The innkeeper looked at her as he kept pouring ale. 
“What's your name?”
“Zinra.”
The innkeeper looked at her for a moment, like he was pondering something.
“Never heard of an Ansia.”
“Are you sure? I was told to come here and look for her.”
“Told you, never heard of her. Now order something or leave.”
“May the rain bless your lands.”
“And twice to you.”
She walked back out into the street. She knew there was another inn near the docks and made her way there. If the market had been busy, then the docks were hectic. Boxes and sacks being moved. People arguing and shouting. She had even seen fights. But mostly between farmers and farmers. You didn't fight the river folks. That was one rule her parents had nailed into her head the first time they went to market day. You were kind to the river folk. One punch or doing something that would damage them, you would never be able to work with them again. And then you would only be able to trade with other nearby towns in the plains. The river folk was the main channel to trade with other countries, and where the most coin was able to be made. She walked over to the inn. The innkeeper was standing near the entrance.
“Hello, I'm looking for an Ansia.”
“Who?” The innkeeper was a large woman, with hair going down to her stomach, tied in a knot behind her back.
“I was told to come here, to town to meet an Ansia.”
“And they didn't tell you where she is or who she is?” The innkeeper raised her eyebrows.
“No, she… These are kind new circumstances.” She held her arm and tried to look as meek as possible, hoping she would take pity on her.
“I see. Well, I might know who you are talking about, but it won't come free.” She was rubbing her thumb to her pointing finger.
“I'm sorry but I don't have any money to give. Please miss this is really important.”
“Sorry kid. Information like that doesn't come free.” With a huff, she walked away.
Those were the same answers she got from everywhere she asked. Either they didn't know Ansia or they did, but wanted payment for the information. 
She lent on a wall in an alley looking out over the market. The sun was nearing its zenith and her stomach where growling. But she had no money to pay for food. If asking around wouldn't work, then… Then she would have to go to the mayor. Or she could crawl back to Sebastus. But going to the mayor felt wrong. She didn’t know what her father had said or done the last few weeks. And going to Sebastus, no. It was out of the question. She would just have to keep asking around more. She scanned the market again when she saw something.
A man was standing near a stall looking at her. He was almost two meters tall, built like a house, dark-skinned, brown eyes, and he had dark short hair. He motioned with his hand that she should follow him. 
Who was he? He motioned again to follow him and then he started to walk away. She followed him, mostly out of curiosity. He walked through the market stalls, weaving between them like he had done this all his life. 
He led her to the edge of town to an old building. It looks like a storage house. He disappeared into the house by a small side door, and he left it open to her. She tried to see through it but it was too dark inside, and the windows were too high up to see anything. 
 This was a bad idea. He was probably just going to rob her. She looked around, the house was made of Kutcha like all the other houses in town, and there were no open flames as far as she could see. She turned around and looked back at the market. No one was looking in her direction. She could go back, a part of her told her to do it. But no one was talking to her, no one was willing to help her. This was the closest thing she had come to any kind of help. Or getting robbed and killed. She knelt, hoping to make it look like she was fixing her shoes as she picked up a rock. Took a deep breath and followed the man. The first thing that hit her was the smell. Old wool permeated the air. And she didn’t see the man anywhere.
Then she felt something sharp pocking into her lower back. 
“You have caused quite a stir around town. Going around asking about Ansia like that. Who are you?
“My name is Zinra. My mother's name was Minra, she was a friend of Ansia.”
“Alright. Why are you looking for Ansia?”
“My mother said that I should look for her if things got bad. My mother…She is dead.” She felt the pressure on her back lift a litle.
“Sorry to hear that. But I don't recognize that name. What kind of help are you looking for?”
“I have nowhere to go. The church killed my family.”
The next few seconds stretched out for eternity, and she thought about how to best smack him with the rock.
“I'm gonna let Amarensia handle this. Walk forward. And you can drop the rock. It was smart but it won't be needed.” 
He led her deeper into the house.

Zi was sitting on the bench with one of the baby sheep beside her that she was petting. She was trying not to cry.
“Zi, Zi where are you?” 
“Here.”
Her mum turned the corner and saw her with the baby sheep, and a blue eye. 
“Oh no, darling what happened? Let me look at you”
She sat down next to her and took her face in her hands.
“It was Re.”
“What did they do?”
“We were talking after class and they just went on and on about their dad, how he was a priest for Justice and how they were going to inherit his father positioned, how the gods were so great and I just…”
“Did you punch them?” They tried to look away but her mum held her face steady.
“Not at first.”
“Then what did you do?”
“I told re that they were wrong about the gods. That there is nature and the elements and they are better and stronger. We started to shout and… then I punched them”
“Did he also walk home with a blue eye?”
“No. With broken nose.”
Her mum stared at her for a moment, then let out a soft laugh.
“Well, it looks like you are going to be alright. Just a bit swollen around the eye.” She lifted Zi on her lap and hugged her.
“Darling, my shining star. You need to be careful. There are people out there that don't like it when you talk about nature and the elements.” 
“Why?”
Her mum looked away over the sheep for a moment.
“Some people have an idea about how the world works, and how it should work. And they believe it very much. And in their world, other ideas are not welcome.”
“Are they right?”
She smiled at her.
“No Darling, they aren't. But you should be careful who you talk to about this. The world is changing out there.”






Chapter 2

The inside was not what she had expected. In the corner away from the door, two people were packing sacks of something fluffy. Probably wool. Around them were boxes and sacks. In the corner opposite to them was a kitchen. A fire was going and a small boy was making tea. In the middle of the corners, some beds were laid out, almost in the middle of the house. She counted ten beds. The man led her towards a door at the far end of the house. The layout and the furniture had been very simple, but this door was ornate, with a bronze handle on it. He motioned her to stand still as he knocked on the door.
“What is it?”
“I have someone here you would want to talk to. They have been causing a stir in town.”
“Come in.”
A woman sat in front of a desk. She had silver hair that went down to her shoulders, and her eyes were light blue. Next to her stood another woman, brown hair that was in two braids going down to her chest. On the desk was an open book, an ink well, and some scrolls. There was a brown bookshelf on one side of the wall, filled with scrolls and knickknacks. Next to it was another shelf filled with bottles and cups.
“So. Who are you?” The woman at the desk picked up a dagger that lay next to the book and started to twirl it between her fingers.
“My name is Zinra, and I'm looking for Ansia.”
“Oh? Tell me, why are you looking for her?”
“My mother knew her, and told me if I ever was in danger, I should look for her. And I am in danger now. My parents are dead, and my home is gone.”
“What was your mother's name?”
“Minra.”
The woman in front of her took her in, she let her eyes wander over her. Then she glanced to her right and gave a slight nod to the man beside her.
“Ansia was my mother. She died some years ago. I do not recognize your mother's name tho. Do you Liza?” She turned and looked at the woman standing next to her. She shook her head. “Did your mother tell you what Ansia worked with?”
“No.”
“She ran a service for this town, and when she died I inherited it. But what we do. Well, let's just say some in the city council don't like it. I take it that you are mostly looking for a place to stay?”
“That, and revenge.”
“Against whom?”
“Justice. They killed my family.”
For a moment the room was silent, and then a smile spread on her face.
“Then please tell me, how can we help with that?”
“I want to kill them. Burn them all.”
The woman behind the desk leaned over the table and planted her elbows on the table.
“Well, we don't have much love here for the church. But how do we know that you are not a spy?”
“For the church?” She spat on the ground. “I never would.”
“I like you. But that is not proof.”
“I guess you have to trust me.” The woman took another long look at Zinra, from head to toe. 
“What do you think Targon?” The man behind her let out a long sigh.
“I think she is telling the truth boss.”
“I don't trust her.” She turned to look at Liza. Something passed between them, a whole argument held in the moment of a look.
“It seems I’m in a generous mood today. But let's say we take you in. What can you do? I can’t have you living here for free.”
“I can fight. “
“No offense girl, but your half-blind and have one hand. You will not be much use in combat. What skills do you have?”
“I can read, write, count. I know about wool and sheep.”
She waved her hand at her. 
“We have all that, and that is basic. You don't have anything that stands out?”
“Give me a lamp and I will show you.” The woman at the desk raised her eyebrow but nodded at Targon who left the room. She didn’t say anything, just trying to keep her heart under control so it didn’t beet out of her chest. Liza and the woman behind the desk were whispering to each other but she didn’t listen to it. The ember in her mind was still there. She just had to show them the things she had done before. If only she had tried more at Sebastus before she left. She tried to steady her breathing, in and out. In and out.
Targon came back and put a lamp on the table and lit it. The boss woman leaned back in her chair, while Liza lent against the wall. She took a deep breath and held out her stump to the flame and concentrated on the ember in her mind. Wanting it to glow and catch fire.
She flinched and pulled back. The fire had burnt her.
“What the fuck is going…”
The small ember in her mind was there. But it was a smaller, more week. Like it was not getting air to burn
“What is going on? Lord?”
Silence.
“Lord? Where the fuck are you?” Her lord was gone.
She felt her heart starting to speed up and sweat trickling down her back. Why now? Why would they… She had gone against them. She hadn't burnt Sebastus. Was that it? 
She held the stump close again and focused on the flame. She could still feel the pain from the flame. It flickered a bit but didn't grow. The ember in her mind was still.
She looked around the room. The boss woman had raised her eyebrow, while the liza was stifling a yawn.
“I need this. Burn, just burn. Please.”
The boss woman let out a deep sigh. “I think we have seen enough. Targon if you would.” She waved her hand at him.
They were going to throw her out. She had one chance and she had failed at it. This could not be the end. 
“NO!”
If she didn't do this, Justice would go free. Renaldo would go free. All that he had done would be unavenged. Her family would not be avenged. Rage and hatred welled up inside her. She seized the sized them and throw them at the ember. And it erupted in a blaze.
The lamp started to roar like a blacksmith's fire, and it jumped to her stump and engulfed it.
Liza looked up and let out a scream. Targon shouted that someone bring water. Zinra looked over her body. None of her clothes were aflame, and she didn't feel warm. She looked at the woman in front of her. She sat in the chair and looked at her. She was smiling, her eyes shone. 
She let the flame fade until it was just the size of a regular lamp flame again, and she placed it on the candle. Fatigue came over her in waves, and she had to steady herself against the table.
“That. That is what I can do. I can control fire.”
“Oh, I like you girl. Welcome to the gang.”

“So, you can control fire.” Targon had left the room and got a chair for her. She was very grateful to be able to sit. It seemed like using her powers was draining her of the little strength she had regained from her rest at Sebastus.
“Something like that. I'm not quite sure how it works.”
“Where did you get this power?”
“Its… it's hard to explain.” She shifted where she sat and stared at the wall. How much would they believe of what she told them?
“Do you know of the elemental lords?” 
“They are just a myth. Stories that the storyteller uses to impress children.” Liza said. She turned to look at her. Her eyes were looked at her, and she could tell she was nervous.
“They are real. And powerful. I made a deal with the lord of fire to become their herald.”
“Herald?” Ama said. 
“It's what they call this. I don't know why.”
Amarensia planted her elbows on the table and leaned forward. She stared into her eye, looking for a lie or something else. But she had nothing to hide. She had proved herself.
“I'm not sure I want to believe you. But I saw what you did. If you are saying this is the works of the elements, then I guess it is.” Amarensia stood up and walked to the cabinet at the wall. 
“You still need to know how to use a blade. We will teach you.” Now when she was standing, she could see Amarensias clothes. She was dressed in simple pants and a jacket. If anyone else had worn them it had looked like they were farm boy or a dock worker. She made it look like she was queen. She took out a bottle and two glasses. At the desk, she poured up both glasses.
“You’re welcome to join us. But you will be hunted. You will bleed and cry. And sometimes I will be an awful boss. Do you still wanna join?”
“Are we going after the church?”
“Ah yes. As I said we are no friends of the church here. But we are not going to go and fight them.” Her heart sank. “Our methods are more subtle. We undermine their work here, we sabotage supplies lines, make it hard for them, things like that. But I suspect you want more?” 
“I want them dead.”
“You want war. And I can't give you that. I can give you food, clothes, training, and a purpose. And to fight the church in a different way. What do you say?” She looked at the glass on the table. A part of her told her to leave, that she would not find what she was looking for here. But where would she go? She knew no one else in town, she had no money, and even if she left what would she do? Just go and find the nearest priest and kill them? No, she would stay here for now. “I accept.”
“Then drink.” She picked up the glass, saluted Amarensia, smiled at her, and drunk it down. It tasted awful, and she tried to stop the coughing.

“Welcome to the gang. My name is Lezz.”
He was a short boy, could not have been more than sixteen His hair was a mess, it looked like sheep had been licking his hair and he hadn't washed it.
“Nice to meet you, my name is Zinra.” 
“This is our hideout.” He spread his arm out like he was unveiling his farm he was proud of. “We store our goods here and live here. We also have another house we use. But that is mostly run by other people. This is the kitchen; we each take a day to make food for everyone. Today it is Gorks turn. He is over there.” He pointed to the person moving sacks on a cart and waved.
“He makes okay food, and Liza tries to poison you. Eat in town those days if you can.”
“Like poison for real?”
“No. It's just shit food.” Zinra let out a laugh, and Lezz smiled a bit. 
“What is that you…we do here?”
“It depends. Most of it is smuggling goods. Most of our customers are people who angered the river folks and got blocked by them. So, we help them to move things around to still be able to sell but through us. Sometimes we help people to find things. But that has been in a steady decline. With the church coming in and disrupting the trade networks, and bad blood between us and other towns it is hard these days to just rely on that. So, we had to look in other places for money, and drugs have taken up the slack.”
“Drugs? What drugs?” He just stared at her.
“You are from here, right?”
“Yes, but not in town. But what is there to make drugs from here? All we have is sheep and grass?” He looked at her like she had spurted a third leg.
“You know what bluegrass is?”
“Yes, what about it?”
“That is poisonous, and sheep don't like it. But if you dry it and treat it right it turns into a drug. It gives you the energy to keep going. Some dock workers use it so they can be up working all night.”
“That is what you sell?”
“And make. It pays well and everyone wants it.”
“But isn't it dangerous?”
“Anything is dangerous if you eat too much of it. And it is no substitute for real sleep. You still need to sleep sooner or later.” He moved again.
“This is where we sleep. It's not fancy I know but it works. Amarensia is the only one with a room of her own. We will get a bed for you.”
“How many do you have in the gang?”
“Five that work here. We have some contacts in the nearest tradetown that is getting paid by us so if you count them, around fifteen. You can store your stuff next to your bed. We don't steal from our own.” She put the bag down.
“Also…” He stopped moving again. “I saw the thing you did.” He looked down at his feet. “I was walking past the door when the candle burst. What was that?”
“I'm a herald of the lord of fire.”
“And what is that?”
“I don't know.” He raised his eyebrow. “It means I can control fire.”
“How did you learn that? Where you born with it?” She could swear his eyes were shining with curiosity and wonder.
“No. It's not a skill you learn… You bargain for it.” She motioned to her face and hand.
“I'm sorry.”
“Thank you.” She stared at her bag for a moment. 
“Come, let me show you the rest.”
He took her outside. The house was situated on the edge of town, behind it the plains started. The town had no walls, so buildings just stopped after a certain point, and the wide expanse of the plains took over.
“Here is our escape route, there is a boat you can take, or just run into the plains.”
“Have it ever been needed to run away?”
“Sometimes, mostly it is just good to be prepared.”
“What is that you do here?” She turned to him.
“I do a lot of small things, jumping in where they need an extra hand. I also help Amarensia plan, like looking over details of a plan and job. Targon is what you could call our head of security. He knows a lot of people in town and tends to know what is going around and is being said. Gork is the head bluegrass producer. And Liza is our contact person. She is the one that keeps us fed with information.” Zinra nodded.
“This is not what you expected is it?” She turned to look at him, he had raised his eyebrow.
“No, it's… It's just a lot to take in.” He patted her on the arm.
“I know. But you’re not alone now. You have us, and we help each other here. We might look small, but we are fierce. And there is no one smarter than Amarensia. Come, let's go and eat.”

They had just finished eating when Amarensia walked into the kitchen area.
“Everyone. I think you have heard and seen our new member. Her name is Zinra.” She pointed at her. Zinra just blushed as she looked at the people around her.
“To celebrate this, I think we all have deserved time in the bathhouse. My treat. Pack your things.” A cheer came up around the tables.
She looked down at her clothes. Grime and dirt were smeared into her jacket, and she could still smell the ash in it.
“I don't have spare clothes.”
“Would you be okay with a work robe? We have a spare set of those in almost all sizes.”
“That will work.”
They packed their things and walked out of the hideout towards the bathhouse.
“No one is staying behind to guard?”
“We have an agreement with the city guards. Besides no one would be dumb enough to try and rob us.”
The rumble of the market had died down, there were still some stalls open but most people had decided to go home, or to retire to the taverns. 
She had never been to the bathhouse before. The first thing that hit her, was the steam, and the moisture. It was like breathing water.
“First time?” She nodded to Lezz.
“You will get used to it. You see those sheets?” She nodded. “Behind them are the pools, and around them are more sheets. You might see the silhouette through but nothing else. You also undress in them. There is also a public pool over there if you want.”
“I think I will stick with the single pool.”
It took her a while to undress. Her right hand insisted it was there, and that it could help with the undressing like it had done all her life. She could ask someone to help her, but she was stubborn. She had to learn this on her own sooner or later. 
The pool singe pools where tubs dug into the ground, with dividers of wood between the people sitting in them, and the sheets around it.
She slid into the water and let out a small gasp as the water came up to her neck. It was so warm. Sleeping in a bed after the walk has been nice, But this. This was sooting. The exact thing she needed.
Mum will love this; I will take her here and…
She stopped and stared out over the little pool. She looked around her. She could see some silhouettes of people around her, she could hear them talking. Laughing. It looked and sounded like they were having a really fun time.
Her baby sibling was dead. Her mum was dead. Her family was gone. She hadn't let herself think about it until now. To focused on walking and finding Ansia. Her old life was gone. If the church saw her again, or Renaldo saw her, he would send out that she was a heretic. She would be hunted. She was alone now. 
She didn't notice the tears at first. Once she did, she could not stop herself, she hugged her legs and started to cry. Hoping it was quiet enough so the others wouldn't hear. 
In the end, she scrubbed herself clean and got out. She was one of the last people to leave. 

“Zinra, would you be so kind to come to my room?” Lezz and Targon were walking off to the kitchen area, while Liza and Gork went to the beds.
“Sure.” She followed her to her room. Amarensia lit an oil lamp on her desk, the same lamp she had used to show her powers. She sat down behind the desk.
“Please, sit.” She took out a piece of paper and an ink well, while Zinra sat down. 
“So. You can control fire. I gather this is a new thing, right?”
“Yes.”
“Can it be thought to others?”
“It's not something you learn, you…” She stared at her stump. 
“You bargain for it.” Amaransia shifted her eyes from her stump to her face.
“I see. And I assume it doesn’t come cheap? “She nodded. 
“Are there side effects?” Zinra shifted in her chair. Should she tell her? That she had a voice in her head telling her to burn. Lie to her new boss from the start?
“I'm... I don't know yet. This is all so new.”
“But you will tell me. I can't have you going around being a danger to us.” Zin nodded. Ama noted something down on the paper.
“How did you become a herald?”
“I didn't learn how to do this. It's more… My mother told me much about stories, and the elements, and nature. I know they were real since I was a child. But she never told me about being a herald. When they came to our farm… Things got desperate and… I don't remember much from that day, but I struck a bargain with the lord of fire.” Amarensia nodded. 
“How much control do you have? What is the extent that you can use fire?”
“I don't know.” She looked down at the table.
“It's okay. New skills need training.” She planted her elbows on the table and leaned forward. 
“There is a cave not too far away, by the river. Just rocks in there. You could train in there and no one would see you. “
“That would be nice. I would need an oil lamp tho.”
“Explain?”
“I don't think I can make fire from nothing, or at least as far as I understand. I need a source, then I take that one and make it bigger, hotter.”
“Ah. So, a seed so to say is always needed?”
“I think so.” She picked up the pen from the ink well and noted something down.
“Can I ask you something?”
“Go ahead.”
“My mother said to come and find Ansia, your mother, right? What happened to her?”
“Ahh. Well, she did run this gang for a while. We used to be bigger in the past, our reach where much wider.” For a moment she just stared of into the distance like she was lost in a maze of memories. 
“Back then we were the mayor trade route organizer on land. But things changed and fell apart. And I took over from my mother. Now we operate mostly here, with people who have been banned from the river.”
“I'm sorry.”
“Thank you. But that is all in the past now. After she passed away a lot had to change. We lost many trading partners and had to find other means to survive. And in our absence, the church has started to crawl in with their beliefs and ideas. They come and give grain to towns, and give them the option to trade with them, instead of us or the river people.”
“But why?”
“Conversion we think. Or just control of the land.”
“Why are people just accepting them?” Rage was boiling inside of her.
“It's complicated. Most don't want them here. But when you offer food and a stable trade network, people tend to look away. But don't worry. We will outcompete them with time. And you will help with that.”
“I'm ready to take them.” Amarensia let out a laugh and leaned back. 
“I like you. I really do.” She got up and opened the same cabinet she got the bottle and glasses from last time.
“Starting tomorrow Targon will teach how to fight, and after that Lezz will take you and show you the cave. For now, you will train. I might ask your help from time to time when we need extra hands. Like packing bluegrass, or other goods.” She placed two glasses on the table and took out a different bottle. It looked more ornate, finer made than the crude one.
“It's from up north. The borderlands make some amazing spirits.” She poured two glasses.
“We are gonna have fun you and i. Amarensia winked at her and drank her glass.
Zinra blushed and cough as the drink went down. It tasted like tar and fire and her stomach was warm from it.
						
Zi was collecting eggs from the chickens when their father found them. He had been home since yesterday and had said he would be here for a few days since they were preparing to go to the market day in Montanos.
“Zi, your mother said you got in trouble with Teacher, again.”
Zi flinched but said nothing and continued to collect eggs.
He walked up next to them and planted his hand on their shoulder.
“Zi, you have to stop arguing with Teacher. He is only doing his best and trying to teach you.”
“But he is saying that the lords don't exist.”
They turned to look at him. His hair was short, and his beard was fluffy and big. They could see that his face was twisted with concern and worry. This would not be the last talk they had about the gods, and the elements.
“Look. The church is trying to help. You might not see it now but when you are older you will see the good, they do. Before they came here did you know that most punishments ended in hanging? Or they would cut off body parts. If you had stolen food, they would cut off your hand. Or sometimes they would do nothing, and there would be no justice. The gods are good Zi.”
“But why can't we learn about the lords?”
“Because…” He looked away from her to the sheep. “You know when you're out walking with the sheep helping them find grass to eat, and you see a hunting cat or a patch of bluegrass. Do you tell the sheep about them or steer them away from it?”
“The sheep can’t talk dad.” 
“I know but pretend they could. Would you tell them, or just steer them away?”
“Steer them away, I guess.”
“It's the same with the elements. The elements are dangerous. I know your mother has been talking about them with you and… Sometimes she doesn't tell the whole story. The sheep are us, and the church is the shepherd's starring us away from danger and keeping us calm. There is a lot of dangerous things out there that we don't know about. All thanks to the gods.”
“But the elements of nature aren't dangerous dad!”
“What about the hunting cat? What about the Monsson rains? Or drought? All these things are from nature, from the elements. Aren’t, they dangerous?”
“Yes.” She looked down at her feet.
“Nature is dangerous Zi. The church is only trying to help. Okay?” They nodded.
“Alright. Let's pick these eggs, shall we?”






Chapter 3

The next morning, she was woken early by Targon pocking her in the ribs with his foot.
“Waky waky. Rise and shine.”
“Fuck of.”
“I would love to, but Amarensia will skin me if I do. Come on now.”
She had a light breakfast, and then they walked out of the building to the outskirts of town. They stopped near the river on a hard patch of ground that was even enough. They removed most of the rocks to have a clear area to train in. When they were done, he motioned her to sit down.
“Tell me honestly now, can you fight?”
“I have been in brawls. “
“Did you win them?”
“Some. But that was before… “She jested with the right arm.
“That is going to be a problem. “He gripped his chin. “Do you know how to handle an Axe, sword, or knife? Bow or…”
“Never held a sword or Axe. Knife for gutting Sheep. Used to hunt with a bow some time with mum…”
“Alright. I think bow hunting is out of the question for now. Which is your dominant hand?”
“Dominant?”
“The hand you used for most things.”
“Right hand.”
“Well shit. You are going to have a steep learning curve. Here.” He tossed a knife to her. For a moment she raised her right hand to catch it. She could almost feel how she opened her fingers. Then she caught herself and reached out with her left hand. She missed the knife and it dropped to the ground. Targon let out a laugh.
“Ha, glad I tossed the training knife.” He stood up.
“Here is the deal. You will hate me in a few hours. I'm okay with that. I'm not going to be gentle or kind here. But I ask that any hatred stays here. Do we understand each other?”
“Sure.”
“Then let's begin.”
He was wrong on one point. She hated him after a few minutes.
She was slow, clumsy, and could barely follow his movements. It ended in disarmaments, knockdowns, pinnings. Every time he told her what she did wrong, her feet too far apart. To close. Wrong hold on the dagger. Focusing on the wrong thing. To slow, to fast. She hated every minute of it.
She was panting and sitting on the ground drinking from a water skin. Targon was setting up a little fire to boil tea. From the looks of it, you could not tell that he had been fighting and training for hours.
“This is stupid.”
“Why? Fighting Is stupid? Teaching you how to survive is stupid?” He turned to look at her. “What is stupid?”
She got up and pointed her dagger at him. He smiled at her and also got up. It looked so lied back and easy. Like this was nothing. Like he was mocking her.
“Burn him. Make him suffer.”
She looked at the fire under the teapot.
He followed her eye to the fire. She saw his eyes widen in realization.
She wanted to show him. She willed the ember in her mind to burn, and she drew the fire to her, and sounded her dagger with it, and she went on the attack.
He tried to parry the first blow, but she had made the flames longer than the blade and his dagger passed right through the flame. She had him now.
Then she was engulfed in pain, and the flame went away. She fell to her knees and held her stump to her stomach. He had struck her stump.
“That was a nice trick Sparkles. Not gonna lie.” He walked over to her and held out the water skin. “But you need to be aware of your stump. Always. Which is easier said than done I grant that. We will figure something out.” She took the water skin and drank some water between the wave of pain.
“Flames give you an advantage in combat, and it was a really good use for it. Hard to counter and scares the shit out of anyone. “
Then in a quick moment, she dropped the water skin, turned, and put her dagger against his throat. For a brief moment she smiled, then she felt the tip against her ribcage.
He smiled at her.
“You are getting very good. One more round, then tea.”

After they had drunk the tea and trained a bit more Lezz came and joined them. He was carrying a basket with some food.
“I am here with lunch; we are eating then Zin and I are going to the cave.” Targon nodded and sat down to eat. Zin was gulping it down; it was bread with dried sheep meat and cheese.
“How did it go?”
“She is good, just needs some time and she will be our firecracker.”
“I hate you.”
“You love me. Now eat.” She kicked him in the leg and Targon let out a laugh.
When they were finished, they packed down the leftover and Targon packed down the training weapons and went back into town, while she and Lezz went the opposite direction. They left the town behind them and walked along the river until they came to a long bend in it. It was almost s-shaped.
“There.” He pointed to the middle of the bend, where there was a little depression in the earth. It almost looked like a balcony. It stretched from the middle of the bend to the end.
He led her to it, and there was a small cave entrance there, right at the bend. It was not big, could at most fit one or two people through at once. From the river, it probably just looked like a hole in the earth.
“This was smuggling cave once. People hid illegal goods here, or things they wanted to keep private, and some of the river folks stopped here as an unofficial trading hub.”
“Was?”
“They were found out, and Montans city council came down hard.” The cave was bigger than she expected. From the outside it looked like a little hole but, it was almost as big as the hideout. Most of the light came from the opening of the cave reflected from the water, making some breathtaking displays on the ceiling.
“Pretty, isn't it?”
“Yes.” Lezz sat down at the entrance of the cave and unpacked.
“I have an oil lamp with me and some spare oil and rope. Will that be enough?”
She nodded. “Just need a fire source.” Lezz walked further into the cave and lit the lamp. He put it down in a holder and walked back to the mount of the cave.
“I don't like this place.” The lord of Fire's voice filled her head.
“Why? To wet?”
Silence. She just shook her head and walked to the lamp and told Lezz to stay at the entrance.
She focused on the fire from the lamp, willing it to move. It took a few moments, but with some effort, she took a part of the flame to her. She held it in her hand. It was warm but it didn't hurt to hold. Like holding a warm piece of dough or something. 
“Now…What do I do?”
Her lord was silent.
She started to roll the ball between her fingers. 
After a few minutes, she dropped it and it disappeared. With a frustrated sigh, she drew a new flame from the candle. Dragging a flame from the candle was the hard part. Holding it in her hand was easy as long as she concentrated.
She tried to grow it bigger.
It started to burn like a small campfire. It was magnificent, but her strength was leaving. She felt like she was running like her muscles were in that dull pain when you were running hard for a long while, and she was gasping for breath. She let it settle down back to its original size. After a while, her breathing calmed down.
She tried to throw it like a rock. 
It flew for a few meters then it puttered out.
“So I can feed it, makes me tired. And it putters out when it leaves me. Great…”
She took another flame and spent the next hour playing with it. Testing how big she could make it, how to move it, throw it, and so on.
She just grew more and more frustrated and let the flame drop and walked to where Lezz was sitting.
“How is it going?” He held out a water skin to her, she took it and drank.
“Its… It feels like I'm doing something wrong. The other times I did this I didn't feel this tired.”
“What did you do then?”
“I don't fucking know!” Lezz moved his eyes from her and looked behind her.
“I… I think I have an idea. These times when it worked easier… were you stressed out? Or angry?” She thought back to when she had tried to show Amarensia she had focused on the anger, and her heart was beating out of her chest out of fear. And at Sabastus she had been furious. Was that it? She gave back the water skin and got back to the lamp. She took the fire onto her hand again and tried to make it bigger, but this time she thought about mum, her sibling, dad. Renaldo. Renaldo and his smug face. The ember in her mind caught fire. The flame in her hand started to roar, the tip of it touched the ceiling. She smiled. She turned to look at Lezz. She would never know it, but for a brief moment, he was frightened of her. The flame behind her, casting her face in shadow, with that smile. He just held his thumb up, and she got back to her fire.

They had made it back from the cave as the sun was setting. Bruised from the combat training and drained from flame practice all she wanted was to eat and sleep. She could smell some food, and she could see her bed. It was the most inviting thing she had seen all day.
“Amarensia wanna see you.” Targon walked up to her as they entered the house.
“Tell her to fuck off.” She stopped moving and put her hand on her mouth, she turned to look at Targon with horror in her eyes. He stared at her with wide eyes. Lezz did the same.
“I'm dead. This is it.” Then Targon started to laugh, he clutched his stomach. Lezz joined in.
“Oh Sparkles.” He clapped her on the shoulder. “You fit right in. Woooh. But you can tell her that when you see her. Which is now.”
He dried some tears from his eyes as he walked away. With dread and embarrassment, she walked to Amarnasias room.
“Targon tells me you are shit in combat.”
Amarensia was sitting at her table, looking over a map.
“It's my first day.”
“I am not blaming you; everyone is allowed to be shit, just starting facts. How was the cave?”
“It is good. Maybe not the perfect place but still good.”
“What do you mean?” 
“Mostly that it's wet and a bit dark. But it will work.”
“Good. I'm gonna require your skills soon.”
“How soon?”
“Depends. Few weeks. The earliest after the Monsoon rains.”
“What are we going to do?”
“I will tell you later.”
Zin frowned at Amaransia.  
“Was there anything more?”
“Hm? No, you can leave. Also, give this to Lezz when you see him.” She held out a block of wood to her. 
Zin left the room. She went and handed over the block to Lezz who almost jumped in delight and went to his bed. She could not help but smile, and she went to the kitchen to eat. Targon had been the one cooking the food. The moment she was done she went to sleep.

She spent the next few days in repetition. Got up, breakfast, combat training, meal, fire training, when she wasn't too tired, she took a walk around town in the evening. The first time she had done it she had walked around with her hood down. Most people ignored her. Until she heard someone screaming. A child was pointing at her and crying. Their parents came and picked them up and apologized. She went back to the hideout after that and told herself to never walk around anymore without her hood. She didn't want to scare children. Just another thing the church had taken from her. Some of the evenings she spent with herself at the river, remembering her family and crying.
Some days she had to help around the hideout with some odd jobs. Most of it was moving goods or packing it down in boxes.

“We are gonna continue with combat training, but no fire for now”
“Why?”
“I'm not fireproof, and I would rather not be covered in burns at the end of the day.”
“But covering me in bruises is okay?”
“Yes, because that is to you not to me.”
She groaned. She was stretching, trying to force her body to loosen, but her body was just screaming that it hurt and rather be in bed.
“But I'm working on something that might help us to train with fire knife. Now get up and be ready.” She stood up and held out her knife.

She sat down panting next to the lamp. She had been training on throwing the fire away from her, trying to see if she can throw it farther and farther. But it hit the same damn spot. The spot on the ground had turned black with soot.
“You know, what you do is so freaking cool.”
She turned and looked at Lezz who was kneeling next to her. He held out a water skin and some cured meat.
“Thank you.” She tried not to blush as she took it.
“Do you think there are more like you out there?”
“Hm?”
“You know, people who can use fire like you.”
She stopped mid-drinking. 
Mum had talked like this was known, like everyone had known about this before. The way she talked about this, how her parents and grandparents had talked about the elements and the founding of the world. There had to be someone else out there like her. Right?
“I don't know. Maybe. But with the church…”
“You think they are trying to kill people like you?”
“I think so. They can’t let heretics live. We don't fit in their world.”
“What do you mean?”
“You know how the church tells us how the world was made?” He nodded.
“First came gods, made the races, then made a home for us.”
“That is wrong. First, there were the elements. From the element’s nature came, nature is the first child of the elements. Then nature had us. We had children of nature, and the grandchildren of the elements.”
“Ooohhh… But.”
“But what?”
“Where did the gods come then?” Zinra leaned back on her elbows.
“I don't know Lezz.”
They sat in silence for a while.
“How do you know all this?”
“My mother told me.”
“Where did she learn this?”
“I don't know.”
“So how do you know she is right?”
The flame in the lamp flared up and she turned to look at him with death in her eye.
“I'm sorry I didn't mean.”
He looked so small. young. Like… Like how her sibling might have looked when they were older…
The flame puttered out.
“I’m sorry. It just… still hurts.”
Gently he put his hand on her shoulder and squeezed 
“I'm sorry. Sometimes my mouth gets the better of me and just rambles on.”
“It's okay.” She got up and started the throwing fire again.

It was her time to cook dinner for all of them. She looked through the storage and decided to just make Soup. Get the water boiling and throw in vegetables and some meat. It was easy. At least if you had two hands. 
She tried to hold the carrots steady, but all she could do was force them down with her stump, and then she had to cut them with her left hand. It was slow and she just got angrier and angrier as time wore on.
Now she just had to get the onions done. Which was far easier said than done. She could not get the damn thing to stop rolling, and her knife just kept on slipping.
“Do you need help?” She had not heard Gork walking up to her. 
“No, I'm fine.”
“I'm sure you are. Just asked if you want some help.” 
With a frustrated sigh, she dropped the knife and motioned him to it. This would take forever, and she didn’t want people to go hungry today just because she could not cut a fucking onion.
“You know there is no shame in asking for help.”
“I used to be able to do this alone. Most people can cut an onion.”
“Some can’t. No shame in that. Il cute the rest and you look at the pot. Deal?” She just nodded and stirred the pot.
—
“Hey Zin.” Lezz was sitting at a table, and he at her to come and sit with him. He was setting up pieces on a hexagonal board. The hexagons were black and white in a repeating pattern.
“What are you doing?” She sat down.
“It's a game. I finally got the last pieces made.” She picked up one of the pieces close to her. It looked almost the same as the piece of wood Ama had told to give to him. It was a square with a symbol on top.
“Did you make these?”
“Na I got a Carpenter to make them. Wanna play?”
“What is the game?”
“It is called Chess. You win when you kill the monarch.” He pointed to the tallest piece.
“And how do you do that?”
Lezz spent the next ten minutes explaining the rules. The piece's names and how they moved. 
They played for the evening. It took her a few games to get the hang of it. But they continued to play. But one thing was established this day that never changed. Lezz always won. Not just against her. No one could ever beet him in Chess. No one could outthink Lezz in a strategy game.

The evening had settled and Lezz was playing chess with Targon. She had decided to go on a walk outside of town. She just needed to get away from everyone and be alone for a while. She sat down on a rock near the river and was watching the sunset. Things were alright for now. Targon was a bit of an ass, but it was hard to not get swept up into his sherry nature. Lezz felt like someone she could just talk to and Amarensia… She didn't know what she felt for her. She had barely seen her since they got introduced.
She stopped herself and looked down on her right arm. She had been trying to scratch her right hand for the last minute. The sensation came and went, most times it felt like nothing was there but now… If she closed her eye she could swear it was there, she could feel her fingers opening and closing. It felt real.
“You're not real. Give up and stop this.” The itching continued. Pretending to scratch the itch didn't help. 
“Stop it.” She put her stump on her leg. For a moment she could feel her hand pressing on her leg. A shudder passed down her spine. 
She got up and walked back into town.

She had one goal. Food and bed. She was bruised and frustrated with the day and just wanted to spend the evening alone. She hadn’t improved in her combat skills against Targon, nor had she much better with the fire. And her phantom hand continued to itch. Everything was just shit.
“Hey, Zin wanna play?” Around a table sat Targon, Lezz, Liza, and Grok. There were some bottles on the table and some fresh food.
She hesitated. Alone at the river again like yesterday. Or some food and small talk with other people.
She sighed and walked over. There was an empty seat next to Targon. She told herself it was the food that brought her.
“So happy you could join us, with your busy schedule.”
She glared at him. He just smiled at her.
“Do you know how to play poker?” Lezz were putting the dice back into a cup
“No.”
“You will get the hang of it” He counted out two dice and handed them to her.
“We are also playing with money. Five silver pieces.”
“Will I get them back?” 
“If you are good.” With some reluctance, she placed five silver pieces on the table like the rest.
Targon explained to her what the sides of the dice meant, and what was good combinations. It took her a round or two to remember what the good sides was. That was the easy part. The hard part was the gambling aspect. They started by rolling five dice on the centerboard, and they all rolled two dice for themself, which you keep to yourself. Then you started the gamble. Her money pile quickly started to shrink.
They drank what Targon assured them was wine, but to her, it just tasted awful and stuck to water. The snacks tho, small dough balls filled with meat and veggies were a delight.
“Does anyone have a light?” Grok was packing his pipe. She looked around the room, and there was a candle nearby. She called a small part of the fire to her, put it on her finger, and held it to him.
He stared at her for a moment in surprise, then just laughed and lit his pipe with her finger.
“Thank you.”
After an hour she was down to her last silver piece, but this might go well this time. Two kings. Just needed to stay calm.
“Liza, they are coming to town earlier than we expected.”
She raised his eyebrow at him. 
“Is this a distraction or a report?”
“Maybe both.”
“Hm. Well, it doesn't change anything. Just have to lay low for a couple of days. When are they coming?”
“Three days. Said something about they would like to keep us all on our toes.”
Zin turned to Lezz and mouted what are they talking about?
Lezz mounted back church. The church. The church was coming to town. The church was coming here. Renaldo was maybe with them. She forgot about the dice game, the room. Her whole world was just the thought that the church was coming, and he might be with them.
The room started to glow brighter, and she heard a scream of pain from Grok as he dropped his pipe. Dark black smoke was rising from it.
“Zinra!” She turned to Targon who has a mix of concern of worry and anger on his face. Slowly the flames in the room died down. 
“Zin are you alright?”
“Excuse me.” She got up and left the room and left the house. She stood outside the main door looking over the town. The sun had just set, and the stars were coming out.
They are coming here. Right here to me.
“Burn them. Set them all ablaze as a sacrifice to me.”
She could. They were coming to her, walking right into her arms. She knew how to do it. Just had to wait three days.
“Zin?” She turned around. Lezz had followed her.
“Hm?”
“Are you alright?” His whole face of fear and worry. Scared. They were afraid of her. The first time she tried to spend an evening with all of them, and all she did was scare the shit out of them.
“I'm fine Lezz. I just need some air. Il join you soon.”
She tried to force a smile as she said it.
“Was it about the church? Do you wanna…” 
“Lezz could you leave us for a bit?” Amarensia walked up to him and put her hand on his shoulder.  He left after giving her a look of concern. Amarensia walked up and stood next to her.
“So. Care to explain what happened there?” She flinched and looked away from her.
“I…”
“Hey.” She took a step forward, and her voice got softer.
“I know you want revenge. Trust me I understand. But I need you to promise me something.” She turned to look at her. The moon had just risen, and the light was dancing in her eyes, and her hair shone like the stars. She found it hard to look away from her eyes.
“You can't go after the church when they arrive here. Got it?”
“Why?”
“What do you think will happen? We kill them as they walk through the gates. What happens then?”
“They…”
“They will see that as an open declaration of war. All our plans will go the pieces, and the town will hate us.”
“So, we just let the monsters walk in?”
“Yes. Let them think that they have nothing to fear here. And meanwhile, we undermine them, dig out their foundations where they don't look. So that in time, their entire house of cards collapses under them. But to do that, you have to promise to not kill them.”
For a moment she was just lost in her eyes. It was like drowning in starlight. She got the urge to touch her hair, to… She pushed the thought aside. 
“I promise.”
“Good girl. Now let's go back in. You have a poker game to lose, and I have to go and fuck myself, right?”
Zin turned red like the sun. Amarensia just smiled at her, and somehow, she turned even redder.

Teacher was not much more than a hermit living near the river. No one knew where he had come from or what he had worked as before. But he was old and willing the teach the children what he knew. He lived almost at the center between Montanos and Alcanos. He could not teach everyone as he was only one man, so he only the children of parents that were deemed necessary. If your parents worked for the city or a job that needed reading or counting you were sent to Teacher. You had to start when you were still a child. Before you got your real name and you found out what gender you were. It was his opinion that starting to teach people after that was a waste of time, they would never catch up. He had two classes. The children, and the teenagers. He also had an extra house next to his own. Most of the children stayed for a week, went home and worked for a time, and then came back to Teacher. Zi was one of the few that went home at the end of the day.
The children were gathered at his house, sitting outside on the ground as he thought them.
“So you see, there are four gods that we know of.” He held up his hand. “First came Death, as all things die. Shortly after death came Love. Since we miss our dead and loving is in our human nature. But after Love came War. Humans are kind but cruel. Love easily leads to fighting and War. But after War came Justice. To make sure everything in the world was right and true.” The child who would grow up and pick the name Renaldo held up their hand.
“Yes, child?”
“My dad said justice is the most important god, and that justice keeps the other gods in line.” He scratched his rough white beard that was almost down to her stomach.
“Well, I don't know about that. I say love is the most important.”
“I think the elements are more important.” The child who would grow up to be Zinra said.
“Why you say that?”
“Well, the elements were the first to be there, so if they were not there, there would be no gods.”
“Hm. But we are not talking about them now, we are talking about the gods.” Zinra lost focus and just waited until Teacher would tell them to take a playing break while he made some tea. 
The other kids were a mix of different ages and backgrounds. Zi was the only one that didn’t live in the city. Most came from merchant families or city councils. They were here because of their dad and nothing else. Zi had tried to talk to the other kids, and they got along well enough with them. They played together at breaks, and they didn’t argue or fight. But they could tell something was different between them. Their city life sounded so strange, yet so fascinating.
At last, Teacher called for a break, and the kids broke up and ran into different groups. Some went swimming, while she and some other ones went to draw up a tag circle.
“Well, so the little heretic is playing.” They turned to look at Renaldo. They had some other kids behind them, trying to make them look intimidating.
“Go away.”
“What's the matter heretic?” They said the last part as an insult.
“Why do you call me a heretic?”
Re smiled down at Zi.
“You don't even know what a heretic is?” They raised their eyebrow. Zin just shook their head. The other kids walked away from them, leaving Zinra alone with Renaldo and their gang.
“Is it your parents that are teaching you this? They are also heretics. Just wait, one day I'm going to be a priest of justice like my dad.” Zi just stared at them.
“Are you done?”
“What?”
“We have a game to play, are you done? Or do you wanna go home with a blue eye again.” His face turned red.
“You little shit…” They took one step forward then stopped. Zi looked behind them and saw one of the older children standing there. They were only a week away from their name day. They towered over Zi and re.
“Fuck off, we have tag to play.” He glared at them both and then slunk away.






Chapter 4

She, Targon, and Lezz had climbed up on the roof of the house to get a look at the caravan coming to town. They were not the only ones, most of the roofs in town were filled with people. Some were just looking, others were cheering as the first wagon entered the town. 
The town was flanked by the river on one side, with the plains on the other side. There was one main road going through the middle of town. There were some side streets, going to the river, and one small one to the plains on the other side. The head of the caravan was wagons filled with sacks, drawn by horses.
“What is in those sacks?”
“Grain. It's how they spread.”
“Hm?” She turned to look at Targon. He was sitting cross-legged and was scratching his beard. 
“They have come up with a very simple but brilliant way to spread their belief. Their missionary goes out like a scout troop to start with. With them, they carry some story's, but most importantly, grain. A wagon or two. They go into town, give grain away, talk about the church. Then they tell them, by the way, you can have more if you want. Just have to follow some simple rules, maybe let us establish a church here, and we will feed you. Most towns say yes. Then they come in like this.” He waved his arm to the caravan. “Talk, feed, and build a church. And sooner or later most trades in town go to the Church. They send goods to the Church; the Church feeds them and saves their souls. Whatever that is.”
“That's… Why do they accept it?
“You ever gone hungry?” She turned to look at him.
“Yes, why?”
“You remember the drought?” Her mum had talked about it, she had been born during it.
“My mum talked about it.”
“Most people in this town remember it. Didn't rain for almost three years. Towns fell apart, widespread famine. The river even dried up in places. That stuff lingers. Leaves its scars on the mind. So, most towns accept the church because they don't wanna go through that ever again. So, they take the grain and store it.”
“You saying that people accept them for the grain, and don't care about the church teaching?” He smiled at her.
“Now you get it. They let the church in and let them talk. No harm to them. They just want the grain.”
“How can they feed so many?” 
“Now that is the question.”
“It's because of the river.” Lezz was leaning back on his elbows. “They have a river going through the heart of the empire. It's massive and on its banks, you can grow almost anything.”
“Sheepshit. No river can feed an entire empire and have enough to spare to give it away. No, they give away the grain from the river and get feed from the Donaris down south. That was the deal after the war ended.”
“Then how do the Donaris feed themself?”
“That I don't know Lezz.”
“What war?” They both turned to look at her.
“You don't know about the war?”
“No?”
“During the drought, the Donaris went to war with the Church.”
“Why?”
“I don't know, that is between the Church and them. They fought long and hard, and in the end, they made a decisive victory against the Donaris. They didn't take any territory from them, but instead, they asked mostly to trade with them and send them food. That has been going on now for thirty years.”
She had never seen a Donari. Only heard rumors about them from other children at Teacher. They lived in the forest to the south. They kinda looked like humans, but way taller. Almost no hair on their head. White eyes with no pupils, and Teacher said they didn't talk. They communicated with hand signals.
The wagons were drawing to an end and two very ornate wagons entered the town. They had roofs and were decorated with carvings, symbols, and what looked like gold.
It stooped at the center of town, and people exited the wagons.
“You should burn them. Make them pay for what they did. “
It would have been so easy. They wouldn't see it coming. No way to stop her.
She wanted to. Just to jump down there and drag all the fire from town and drown them. Her eye fell on some kids that played in the street.
“Not now. I made a promise”
The lord scoffed. “You're held back. Take what is yours by right.”
She didn't answer and just watched as they unloaded their wagons, and people carried the sacks of grain away.

She decided to go on a walk in the late evening. After the time on the roof, she had spent her day indoors. Targon didn't have time for her, and Lezz had been with Amarensia all day. She had done some basic training with a dagger alone, and after that, she helped Gork with packing some wool. At the end of the day, she just wanted to see something else and clear her nose from the smell of sheep. It reminded her too much of home.  
She avoided the main street and was walking the side street, and she could hear the sound of the river on her right. Most people had decided to take the day as a celebration. She could hear cheers, songs, and laughter. The taverns were full, and for those that didn't want to drink, the church had set up places where you could just sit and listen to their preaching. Which made the side streets empty. She turned the corner into the craft quarters of the town. Here the streets were mostly filled with junk, boxes, and other things. When she had been young, she had run through her on market day. She felt like a treasure seeker from a story, like Liohand who sailed out west to find the home of the whales. Now seeing all the things here, she saw them for what they where. Trinkets to sell to people. There were no treasures here.
She turned another corner and saw someone leaning against the wall. By his dress, she saw that he was a church member. A priest by the look of it. Something stirred in her mind. He looked familiar somehow. She turned to walk away when he turned his face to her. He smiled at her. That face. Where had she…
“Ey you… You a worker ey?” His words came out slurred. Then it struck her. He had been there. He had ridden in with them that day. He turned his body to her and started to walk to her. He supported himself with his hand on the wall.
“How much for a… God, you're ugly. Heh, you do it for free don't ya?” He had been there with Renaldo. One of the older people in the back, that did nothing to stop what Renaldo did. He smiled at her and made a pronounced kissing sound. Rage burnt in her.
“Kill him.”
It happened so fast. One moment she was walking towards him. Next, his throat had been cut. She pinned him to the ground as blood spurted from the wound. She clamped his mouth shut and watched as his life bleed away from him. Did he recognize her in the end? When he stopped struggling, and his eyes closed did she remove her hand from his mouth.
The rage was fading, and dread filled its place. What had she done? She had killed someone. They were going to hunt her. She had promised her, she had Amarensia she would not do it. She placed her hand to her mouth, as her heart started to race.
“Burn him. Burn his body. Leave nothing left.”
No one needed to know. Yes, if she burnt the body away, no one would know. She looked around the alley and listened. She didn't see anyone, nor did she hear anyone nearby. The sound from the main street continued, the laughter and songs. So far no one had seen her. But she couldn't burn him here. To much junk, and they would see the smoke. She needed a place to burn him where no one would notice. Her brain started to work in overdrive. Where could she burn him?
Kitchen ovens would be too small. If she lit him on fire here someone would see it and come running for the smoke, or later wonder about the ash pile. Where would people not ask about smoke? Blacksmiths. She had once been at the blacksmith with her mother. She didn't remember much from that day, but only that their oven was small. The body would not fit in there. Did she have to cut the body into parts? Her knife would not be good enough for that. That would leave a mess she could not clean up in time. Where else could she burn him…
Pottery.
There was a pottery maker not far from here. Their ovens were massive. That would work. She just needed to get him there. She looked around the road. She found some cloth the wrap around his throat, to stop the blood from spilling too much. And she saw a wheelbarrow. She ran to it and grabbed the handles. It fell to its side. Dumbfounded she looked down at her phantom hand, grasping the air. She swore under her breath. Nothing to it. She just had to drag him there. She found some rope that she wrapped around under his arms, and around herself, and she started to drag him.
She stopped at every crossing. Listening to make sure no one was there. Panic and adrenaline fueled her. She encountered no one on her way to the pottery yard. She pushed open the door and dragged him in.
The oven was a huge dome standing on ground level. On the side of the dome was a small hole where you put the clay in, and under the dome was a hollow, filled with ash, spent dung, and burnt wood. Big enough to fit a body in. A fitting grave for a monster. She dragged and shuffled him into the fireplace. He did not fit perfectly, but enough was inside. She found some dung and… There was no fire here. She looked around the yard. She spotted some fire starting kit, but she needed two hands for that. Panic seized her. This was it. She was done for. They were going to find her. 
“Fire is everywhere.” She turned and looked at the gate. No one was there, and she didn't hear anyone. She took a couple of deep breaths, and let her mind wander around. Looking for any source of the fire. The ground was cold and dead, no torches were lit, the candles were out. She was almost gripped by panic again when she saw it. Behind the body, a small ember. A tiny little thing, that still burnt somewhere in the ash pile. By some kind of dumb luck, she hadn't disrupted it when she showed the body in. She took a deep breath and willed it to burn. The ember started to glow like someone was blowing on it. If this didn’t work, she had no idea what she would do. For a moment nothing happened, the ember just glowed. Then it burst into flames, and the flame jumped to the body. Black thick smoke started to rise from it.
“Faster, burn faster.”
The fire started to roar and then the smell hit her. The horrid smell of burning hair, mixed with the burning copper smell. The sizzling of fat. And a sweet undernote to it all. All her senses wanted it to stop, but the smell just grew stronger.
“Faster. Make it stop! Burn, Burn it all away!”
The flames were a white inferno now, and the body quickly crumbled to ash over the next five minutes. 
She looked at the ash pile for a moment, then she turned and puked. 
All strength had left her. She was shivering and felt like she was developing a fever. It took her a couple of tries to stand up, and on shaky legs, she started to walk out.
Then she saw the drag marks. She had to smear them out. It took ten minutes to make sure most of them were gone. She wanted to get them all, but she barely had the strength to walk as it were. Her mind was numb, and all she could think about was the smell, and smearing the drag marks. At least now no one could see where they lead. She started to walk to the hideout when she looked down at her shirt. It was caked in blood. So was her hand and she felt the blood on her face. She wanted to cry. With a deep breath and shaky legs, she walked to the river. On the river's shore, she saw the hideout. She desperately wanted to go there, just to sleep and pretend all of this had been a dream. She knelt on the rocks and started to scrub the blood away. The clothes were a lost cause, she just tossed them into the river. When she felt like she got most of it off, and still have strength left to walk, she made her way back to the hideout. She was too tired to see if anyone saw her, nor did she care anymore. She passed a cloth line where someone was drying their clothes. She took one of their sheets, wrapped herself in it. She was shivering so much her teeth were shaking. The door to the hideout was closed, so she made her way around to the back door. From what she could see everyone had gone to sleep. She found her empty bed, lay down, and fell asleep the moment she closed her eye. 

She had been dreaming all night about burning meat. About fire. About the priest's face. The dream ended with someone shaking her awake. 
"Sparkles. Are you alright?” 
"I'm okay Targon, I just need to sleep a bit." He put his hand on her forehead. She shivered. 
"You're burning up, and not in the way you usually do." He put down a waterskin next to her. She drank a little from it and went back to sleep. She floated in a void. 
"What is happening?" 
"You did too much." She turned around to the voice. Behind her was an inferno. A blinding light of fire that hurt to look at. 
"What?" 
"You used too much power than your body can provide. You asked an ember to burn a whole body. You have a limit on how much you can burn. But you will live." 
"Can...Can I get better? Can I use more and not get sick" 
"Yes. The more you use the power I have given you, the more powerful you will become. You will become magnificent.” Laughter filled her mind, and the inferno faded. The rest of the day was a haze. She could not tell where the edge of dream and reality was. She dreamed of what she had done. She was a murderer now. A killer. She also saw her mother and father. Her baby sibling. Renaldos laughing face. She saw Targon and Lezz. And Amarensia. Beautiful Amerensia with her silver hair. 
She spent two days in bed. The others came and made sure she drank water and watched over her. On the second day, her fever broke, and she fell into a deep sleep. No dreams just an endless nothing. But the nothing was broken by sunlight, and she opened her eye. She woke up and sat in bed. As far as she could see the hideout was empty. But there was a sound. Amarenia was in the kitchen. 
"Good. You are awake." She walked over to her with a cup in her hand. It smelled of tea and she took it from her. 
"How are you feeling?"
"Better." She took a sip from the tea and it warmed her belly. She dident realise how thirsty she was.
Ama sat down at the side of the bed.
“So, could you explain something for me.” Suddenly the temperature in the room dropped. She put the bottle down between her legs and picked up the mug. 
“Two days ago, a member of the church caravan turned missing. They have been looking all over town for him, but no trace has been found. You don't happen to know anything about this?" Amas eyes had turned to ice as she stared into her soul. Would she lie? If she told her the truth, she would kick her out. Or just have her killed. But...Lie to her? Lie to her boss? Amarensia held a neutral face, but she knew it was all a facade. She didn’t like it but leaving was out of the question. 
"I didn’t kill him." She raised her mug to take a sip. She hoped her hand didn’t shake, even tho it felt like her whole body did.
"I never said anything about killing." Amas raised her eyebrow.
"No, but it's what you are implying. I have no idea what happened to him."
"You were out walking that evening."
"I took a walk yes. But I wasn't in town. I went to the lake to..." Her eyes darted around the room. “I needed to be alone. With them here and everything that has happend… I just needed to be alone.” Amaresnis eyes were like hawks. Looking for something to attack. Any hint of a lie. 
"Well. I'm gonna give you the benefit of doubt. But if I find out that you lied. Well, I’m going to be very disappointed. I can’t have liers with me. Are we understood?" "Yes." "Good. Now drink your tea. It will give your strength back." It was like a coin had turned. One moment she was a terrifying hawk looking for anything to latch on to. The next she was a kind-hearted sister who doted on her little sibling.

She was up and walking the day after. She spent the day inside helping with cleaning the hideout where she could. Her mind still was a mess tho. She had lied Amarensia, right to her face. And got away with it. She had killed a church member and gotten away with it. She thought she would feel some kind of remorse or guilt but… What lingered from that night was the smell. There was no guilt in killing him. Just guilt for lying to Amarensia. Somewhere in her secret heart, she was afraid. She knew she should feel something but… She was happy that he was dead. She was a murderer. She took a deep breath and continued to scrub the floor.
The next day she and Lezz got to the roof and watch the church moving out of town.
“Where are they going?” 
“Alconos. They have a strong foothold there. Probably planning on where to go next and stuff like that.” The wagons were almost empty, the sacks with grains had been left in storages all around town.
“I guess we will have bread for weeks to come now at least.”
“Oy, Sparkles. Dagger training time.” Zin let out a long groan, and Lezz laughed at her.
“Good luck.
Targon was whistling a tune as they were walking to their usual training spot. He was bare-chested, only wearing pants and his skin was glistening.
“Did you oil yourself up?”
“And what if I did? Aren't I allowed to show this glory to the world?” He winked at her as he flexd his pecs. She just rolled her eye.
“There is acutely a purpose to this. You are going to train with your fire dagger today.” 
“How?”
“This is not some regular oil, it's fire replant. It will protect me from accidental burns and flames. Blacksmiths use it all the time. But please keep your flame to a normal temperature.” 
They reached their spot, and Targon did his stretches and lit a candle. She also tried to do hers but was out of practice and her body groaned. 
“Alright, show me what you got.” She held out her dagger and enveloped it in a flame. And they started their combat.
She didn't win, but there were times she caught him off guard. It was also surprisingly easy to control the fire around the dagger, to keep it in place. When they stopped for a water break, it was the physical moments that had tired her, not the fire.
“You're getting good Sparkles. If you pulled that out in a fight fast enough, I'm sure you would win all the time.”
“I guess we have to find out. Does it work, the oil?”
“Surprisingly well. But I can feel it drying out. Come on, Moonson is coming soon, and I want enough done before we are trapped inside.” He stood up, and they went back to work.
…
Lezz came later and they ate a quick meal before both of them went to the cave. Lezz lit the lamps and she went fire training. It was easier today to move the fire. She could throw it farther, and with less energy spent on it. She was getting better with her control of fire. She wondered how much just came from the death of the priest. She took a swig from her water skin when she looked over at Lezz. He had taken with him the Chessboard and had set up a game.
“Are you… Are you playing against yourself?”
“Hm?” He turned to look at her and blinked. “Yes.”
“Why?”
“It's how you learn. I can't play against other people all the time. So I play against myself. To see my moves, my tendencies. I can think about how other players might move and plan around that.”
“You're taking this game seriously.”
“It is one of the best games ever made… and…” He looked away from her out the opening of the cave. 
She felt the fragile ground they were talking on. She waited for a moment to see if he would say more. When he just continued to say nothing did she open her mouth.
“And what?”
Lezz got up and walked over and sat down next to her.
“I used to play it with my dad. We lived in Alconos. He was working for the church in their kitchen.”
“Where the two of you alone?”
“Yeah. Dad said mum is dead but… “
“You don’t believe him?”
“He was the only one that said it. Everyone else treated her like she was temporarily gone. I don't know. Anyway, it doesn't matter. We used to play Chess a lot.” A smile spread on his face. “One day he got the board home and wanted to teach me. He was so excited. He taught me and we played till the sunset, teaching me how to think and plan, how masters of old had come up with move sets. Like the piercing duck move.”
She let out a laugh. “Piercing duck?”
He smiled. “It an old classic. It got its name from that it's such a big obvious offensive move no one would think you will do it. It's such a dumb move, that it works sometimes. Hence a dumb name.”
Lezz smiled for a moment more, then it faded away.
“Around two years ago he got sick. He was bedridden. At first, he was still lucid and could talk. The doctor came over to take a look at him. He just shook his head and said it was up to the gods now. He just got worse and worse. Until….Until…”
She put her arm around him. 
“You don't need to say more. I'm so sorry.”
“I ran after that. Amarensia found me and took me in.” They sat in silence for a while, just listening to the river.
“I miss him, Zin.”
“He sounds like a good person.” She squeezed his shoulder.
“He was.” He got up and went back to his board.
…
The day after she had to help the gang. Liza had told her she needed help to sort out some wool they were planning to sell. She had thought she would hate it but… something was comforting about it. The smell, the feel of the wool. Taking a break from training to just do what she used to do at home. It was nostalgic.
She went to a new sack and put her hand in it when she noticed something. “You are getting scammed.” 
“We are getting scammed, what do you mean?” Liza walked over to her. 
“This was sold as high-quality wool, right?”
“Yeah?”
“Well, this isn't. Some of it is. The ones at the top. Lower down tho is shit wool.”
“What?”
“You don't know much about wool, do you?”
“That is why you are here.”
“This.” She pointed to the sack next to her. “This is the good wool. It comes from the shoulder. Feel how smooth it is. And this.” She pointed to the sack she was holding. “Feel how it's rougher. It comes from the ass of the sheep. Shit wool.”
Liza giggled.
“Shit wool. So, we are getting scammed?”
“A bit. It's not bad wool. Sheep just makes different kinds of wool. It can still be sold and used, but it's not the same as the shoulder. The shoulder is used for soft decorations and ass for stuffing or clothes that are more regular.
“So what should we do sheep princess?”
“We should… Sheep princess?”
Liza just smiled.
Sigh. “Tell Amarensia. Ask to get some money back.”
She called Amarensia over.
“What is it?”
“Sheep princess here said we have shit wool.” Amarensia raised her eyebrow.
“They sold this as high-quality wool, right?” She nodded.
“Well, this sack isn’t. You can still use it and sell it, but it ain't worth as much. 
“Oh. How much of this is shit wool then?”
“We are working on it.” She nodded.
“When you have gone through the stack come and report to me. I have some money to get back. Good job you two.”
Zinra went back to inspecting the wool, with a warm feeling in her stomach.

She decided to go on a walk in the late evening. After the time on the roof, she had spent her day indoors. Targon didn't have time for her, and Lezz had been with Amarensia all day. She had done some basic training with a dagger alone, and after that, she helped Gork with packing some wool. At the end of the day, she just wanted to see something else and clear her nose from the smell of sheep. It reminded her too much of home.  
She avoided the main street and was walking the side street, and she could hear the sound of the river on her right. Most people had decided to take the day as a celebration. She could hear cheers, songs, and laughter. The taverns were full, and for those that didn't want to drink, the church had set up places where you could just sit and listen to their preaching. Which made the side streets empty? She turned the corner into the craft quarters of the town. Here the streets were mostly filled with junk, boxes, and other things. When she had been young, she had run through her on market day. She felt like a treasure seeker from a story, like Liohand who sailed out west to find the home of the whales. Now seeing all the things here, she saw them for what they where. Trinkets to sell to people. There were no treasures here.
She turned another corner and saw someone leaning against the wall. By his dress, she saw that he was a church member. A priest by the look of it. Something stirred in her mind. He looked familiar somehow. She turned to walk away when he turned his face to her. He smiled at her. That face. Where had she…
“Ey you… You a worker ey?” His words came out slurred. Then it struck her. He had been there. He had ridden in with them that day. He turned his body to her and started to walk to her. He supported himself with his hand on the wall.
“How much for a… God, you're ugly. Heh, you do it for free don't ya?” He had been there with Renaldo. One of the older people in the back, that did nothing to stop what Renaldo did. He smiled at her and made a pronounced kissing sound. Rage burnt in her.
“Kill him.”
It happened so fast. One moment she was walking towards him. Next, his throat had been cut. She pinned him to the ground as blood spurted from the wound. She clamped his mouth shut and watched as his life bleed away from him. Did he recognize her in the end? When he stopped struggling, and his eyes closed did she remove her hand from his mouth.
The rage was fading, and dread filled its place. What had she done? She had killed someone. They were going to hunt her. She had promised her, she had Amarensia she would not do it. She placed her hand to her mouth, as her heart started to race.
“Burn him. Burn his body. Leave nothing left.”
No one needed to know. Yes, if she burnt the body away, no one would know. She looked around the alley and listened. She didn't see anyone, nor did she hear anyone nearby. The sound from the main street continued, the laughter and songs. So far no one had seen her. But she couldn't burn him here. To much junk, and they would see the smoke. She needed a place to burn him where no one would notice. Her brain started to work in overdrive. Where could she burn him?
Kitchen ovens would be too small. If she lit him on fire here someone would see it and come running for the smoke, or later wonder about the ash pile. Where would people not ask about smoke? Blacksmiths. She had once been at the blacksmith with her mother. She didn't remember much from that day, but only that their oven was small. The body would not fit in there. Did she have to cut the body into parts? Her knife would not be good enough for that. That would leave a mess she could not clean up in time. Where else could she burn him…
Pottery.
There was a pottery maker not far from here. Their ovens were massive. That would work. She just needed to get him there. She looked around the road. She found some cloth the wrap around his throat, to stop the blood from spilling too much. And she saw a wheelbarrow. She ran to it and grabbed the handles. It fell to its side. Dumbfounded she looked down at her phantom hand, grasping the air. She swore under her breath. Nothing to it. She just had to drag him there. She found some rope that she wrapped around under his arms, and around herself, and she started to drag him.
She stopped at every crossing. Listening to make sure no one was there. Panic and adrenaline fueled her. She encountered no one on her way to the pottery yard. She pushed open the door and dragged him in.
The oven was a huge dome standing on ground level. On the side of the dome was a small hole where you put the clay in, and under the dome was a hollow, filled with ash, spent dung, and burnt wood. Big enough to fit a body in. A fitting grave for a monster. She dragged and shuffled him into the fireplace. He did not fit perfectly, but enough was inside. She found some dung and… There was no fire here. She looked around the yard. She spotted some fire starting kit, but she needed two hands for that. Panic seized her. This was it. She was done for. They were going to find her. 
“Fire is everywhere.” She turned and looked at the gate. No one was there, and she didn't hear anyone. She took a couple of deep breaths, and let her mind wander around. Looking for any source of the fire. The ground was cold and dead, no torches were lit, the candles were out. She was almost gripped by panic again when she saw it. Behind the body, a small ember. A tiny little thing, that still burnt somewhere in the ash pile. By some kind of dumb luck, she hadn't disrupted it when she showed the body in. She took a deep breath and willed it to burn. The ember started to glow like someone was blowing on it. If this didn’t work, she had no idea what she would do. For a moment nothing happened, the ember just glowed. Then it burst into flames, and the flame jumped to the body. Black thick smoke started to rise from it.
“Faster, burn faster.”
The fire started to roar and then the smell hit her. The horrid smell of burning hair, mixed with the burning copper smell. The sizzling of fat. And a sweet undernote to it all. All her senses wanted it to stop, but the smell just grew stronger. It reminded her of the smell of her own flesh, when she had almost died to fire.
“Faster. Make it stop! Burn, Burn it all away!”
The flames were a white inferno now, and the body quickly crumbled to ash over the next five minutes. 
She looked at the ash pile for a moment, then she turned and puked. 
All strength had left her. She was shivering and felt like she was developing a fever. It took her a couple of tries to stand up, and on shaky legs, she started to walk out.
Then she saw the drag marks. She had to smear them out. It took ten minutes to make sure most of them were gone. She wanted to get them all, but she barely had the strength to walk as it were. Her mind was numb, and all she could think about was the smell, and smearing the drag marks. At least now no one could see where they lead. She started to walk to the hideout when she looked down at her shirt. It was caked in blood. So was her hand and she felt the blood on her face. She wanted to cry. With a deep breath and shaky legs, she walked to the river. On the river's shore, she saw the hideout. She desperately wanted to go there, just to sleep and pretend all of this had been a dream. She knelt on the rocks and started to scrub the blood away. The clothes were a lost cause, she just tossed them into the river. When she felt like she got most of it off, and still have strength left to walk, she made her way back to the hideout. She was too tired to see if anyone saw her, nor did she care anymore. She passed a cloth line where someone was drying their clothes. She took one of their sheets, wrapped herself in it. She was shivering so much her teeth were shaking. The door to the hideout was closed, so she made her way around to the back door. From what she could see everyone had gone to sleep. She found her empty bed, lay down, and fell asleep the moment she closed her eye






Chapter 5

Zinra was taking a walk-through town. Targon and Lezz had been busy all day with Amarensia. She had told her that the plan they had been working on was nearing its end. But they still didn’t tell her what it was. She was curious about it, but she understood that they wanted to keep this close. It seemed big and Amarensia had been planning on it for what seemed like weeks. But she could not help but feel a bit of a sting in her chest. Like she was excluded. Maybe she didn’t trust her anymore. Maybe she still suspected that she had lied to her. 
The town was its usual self people milled around, talked, argued, haggled, and did their job. There was one big difference tho, that stood out like a thorn in her eye. She could see more symbols of the church. Symbols of justice and love hanged over people's doors. The church said it was a blessing. To her, they just looked grotesque. She steered her feet to the harbor. There was a sweet merchant there or had been their last time she came here. When she reached it did, she stop and look at it. There was very little going on. No one was unloading boats or moving goods. Most people were standing around talking.
“We can't sail on this. We will hit rocks further down.”
“It doesn't usually dry up like this.”
“Where is the bloody rain?”
“It should have been raining by now.”
She took a look at the river. The water was lower than it used to be. And it looked murkier. And they were right, it should have started raining by now. Sometimes the monsoon rains were late but rarely this late. She turned to look east. Not a cloud in the sky. If this keeps up, then people are going to start to panic. Good that they have the extra grains from the caravan but.
“They have decided to not make it rain here.”
“What?”
“The lord of water has decided to delay the rain.”
“Why?”
“You have played with fire in their domain.” What were they talking about? She had never done anything but…
“Is it because we trained in the cave?” She didn’t get a response. “Why didn’t you tell me?!”
“It doesn't matter.”
“People are going to die! They will starve!”
“And?” The fire roared up 
“I was here at the beginning, long before there was a land to walk on. I will be here at the end. My time spans eons upon eons. Your lives are too short to notice. “
“But this is my fault! You should have told me.”
“I don't care what my sibling does. If they have decided to not make it rain, that is their right to do. And this does not stop us in burning the church.”
“Is that all you care about?”
“Don't you? Besides, the rain will come back in time. My sibling has a tendency to forget these things in time.”
“In what time span?”
“Years.”
She wanted to punch something. Or burn something. This was her fault. People were going to starve if she didn’t do something. She tried to calm herself and took a deep breath.
“Lord, what can I do to appease lord of water?” Silence. She let out a grunt of frustration. She turned around and made her way back to the hideout. She had to fix this, she would have the whole town panicking and starving because she had made a dumb mistake. A mistake she didn’t know of because her lord would not speak to her.
When she reached the hideout, she ran to Amarensias room and knocked.
“Busy.”
“This is important, it's about the river.”
There was some muffled talk.”
“Come in Zin.”
Lezz, Liza, and Amarensia were sitting around her desk looking over a map.
“Have you seen the river?”
“It has sunken a bit. What about it?”
“I think… I think we…I have done something to anger the lord of water. And this is retribution. They are holding back the monsoon rains.” Amarensia leaned forward and planted her elbows on the table. There was a moment of silence. Would they believe her? She knew they believed her powers over fire but… What would they do if they said no?
“Well... What do we do about it?”

“You are going to indulge her Ama?” 
“She knows more than us when it comes to these things Liza. I will humor her.” 
“Hmph. “ Liza stormed out of the room. 
“So. We made this lord angry. What happens if we don't… Appease it? Is that the right word?”
“Them. I don't know.”
“You don't know?”
“All of this is new to me! I don't know what…”
“We can assume that the rivers dry out.” Lezz butted in.
“Which means trade stops. And we can’t execute our plan.”
“Well, we can't have that happen. We have grain but people will still panic. So Zin, what do we do?”
It all hanged on her shoulders now. She took a deep breath and closed her eye. 
“I think this has something to do with me training in the cave. The cave is the lord of waters domain. But I don't know i... I need to talk to them.”
“To... To the lord. The lord of water?” 
“Yes.” Amarensia took a deep breath. 
“Alright. How do we do that?”
“I think… I think the best option is to do it in their domain. I have to go to the cave.”
“Do we need to take anything with us?”
“No, but you don't need to come with.”
“I'm not missing this Zinra.” She got up and draped a jacket over her shoulders and nodded to the door.
The two of them headed off to the cave. Targon said he was also coming, something about that he wanted to streets his legs. She was racking her brain on what to ever do when they got there. She was going blindly into this, and she could feel the boulder of responsibility on her shoulders. It was like when she was out with the sheep grassing. It was on her shoulder to get them all back home safe. Only this bolder was heavier. She wished she had someone else to talk to about this besides her lord. They were always cryptic and angry. She wished there where another herald to talk to.
“You seem tense.” She turned to Amarensia.
“I'm fine it's just…” She turned and looked over the river.
“Just?” She needed to talk about anything else.
“You take all of this in stride. The lords and all.”
“Well, I'm not entirely new to this. My grandmother told me about the lords. I don't remember much from it, but I remember the basics. I can't say I believed what she said, I took them as stories. Then the church came and I didn't think about them for a long time. They faded from my mind. But then.”
She put her hand on Zinras shoulder. “Then you came in like a burning star. You played with fire like it was nothing. It's hard to not believe after that.”
Zinra blushed, and Amarensia laughed. She felt a bit better for a while until she saw the cave.
The cave was the same as they last left it. Amarensia turned to Zin.
“So, what now?”
“I… Wait outside. Let me try something.”
She wandered in and sat down in the middle and closed her eye. She took a deep breath and listened to the sound. She felt the rocks under her, and the smell of the river. 
“It won't work.” The roaring fire in her mind was back.
“Then what the fuck do I do?”
“Drown yourself.”
“What the fuck are you...” Drown. Drown herself in the river? She taught back to the day of the fire. She was on fire and nearing death when they spoke to her. Was that that was needed? She guessed it had been a way of drowning. Drowning in fire. Her lord was silent. She opened her eye and walked outside. She was grasping at straws, but she would grasp it and hope it would hold. 
The others had sat down on the cliff edge and looked out over the river.
“This is what we will do. I'm jumping in the water.” Amarensia stood up
“Can you swim?”
“Yes.” She nodded and took off her eye patch.
“Are you sure about this, Zin what are you going to do?
“We don't have other options.” She took of baggy pants.
“If I'm not back up in two minutes, drag me out.”
As all three of them started to say something, and Amarensia took a step towards her, she jumped in.
It was not the first time she was in the river. She had gone and bated many times in the calm section, and swimming breaks at the teacher were always one of the highlights of a warm day. But now the water was cold and murky. There was nothing inviting down here. She reached out to the lord of fire. That hot inferno of anger was gone. All silent. When her lungs burned, she got up.
“Anything?” They all leaned over the edge to look at her.
“No…Give me a sec.”
She took some deep breaths and dove under.
The same thing happened. When her lungs burned, she got up. All was silent and murky
“You need to drown little thing. The lord of water won't speak to such a land crab.”
“Are you alright?” Lezz asked her.
“I'm fine.” She took another deep breath. She understood what her lord was after. A part of her was afraid, but another part said this is what needs to be done. She took one last breath and dove under again. This time she forced herself to stay under longer, her lungs were on fire and fear had settled in her stomach. Still, all was silent. Something touched her leg, and she let out a gasp. And her lungs filled with water. She started to flail, panic sized her, she didn’t know which way was up or down. Her vision started to blur.
“Who seeks the lord of water?” The place in her mind that had been filled with the roaring fire had been replaced with a water current. It was deep, and she felt the enormous pressure of it. A familiar calm had settled over her.
“My name is Zinra. I seek the lord of water.”
“Aahh. The herald of fire.”
“Yes. Tell me, Lord, why have you dried up the river, and holding back the rain?”
“It is not very kind to trespass little herald. You went into my domain and used your power. Long ago that would have been enough to start a war.” So, it had been her fault. And her lord hadn’t told her.
“What can I do to appease you, to bring the rain back” Her vision grew dimmer.
“A sacrifice is needed. I will need blood. Grant me blood, a life, and I will bring the water back.” She felt the pressure reseeding, and all was quiet again. And everything turned black.
Muffled voices came back to her. All was still dark; they were so far away. A part of her just wanted to rest a bit more. Someone was pushing on her chest. The voices grew clearer, and someone smacked her on her chin. “Please wake up. Don't die here on me.” Amarensia. Amarensia beautiful voice. She started to cough. Someone turned her to her side and smacked her back.
“There there, your alright now.” After she felt she could breath again, without coughing up more water she turned over and sat up. Targon and Lezz were standing over her. To her left was Amarensia. Her clothes were drenched, dripping with water. Her hair was plastered on her. With the sun reflection in her silver hair, it looked like it was painted on
“You’r gorgeous.”
She smiled. “Welcome back.” 

Back at the hideout, they made some tea for Zin, while the rest opened a bottle of wine. 
“The lord demands a sacrifice in payment.”
“What kind of sacrifice?” Targon shifted where he stood.
“A life. Blood for the river.”
“We have to kill someone?” Targon let out a deep breath.
“Yeah.” Zinra looked down in her mug of tea.
“Well, this is just fucking fantastic.” She flinched a bit from Targon.
“Did they specify if the sacrifice needed to be someone special, or done in a specific way?” Lezz asked. She shook her head.
“No. Just need to kill them and feed their blood to the river.” Amarensia nodded.
“So who do we kill?”
“Church member.” They all turned to look at Zinra. 
“Why not? They deserve it.” She met Amarensias eyes. They looked at each other for a moment. 
“Won't work. The delegation has left, and the closest church is in Alcanos. And they are very antsy about their priest that ran away. Killing one of them might push them over the edge. And kidnapping one to drag here. Too risky, too many variables.”
“You are all going along with this?” They turned to Targon. He pulled his hand through his hair.
“Zin, I know you can control fire but. I'm sorry but you almost drowned down there, and from that how do you know that was real, and not just some hallucination as you drowned.” Rage started to bubble in her. She had met the lord of water. She had almost drowned to do it, and here he comes to tell her she was mad. How dare he. She stood up.
“Targon.” They both turned to Amarensia. “You have seen what she can do. And you have heard the stories about the lords.”
“I have heard the stories yes. And they are story's, not much more than that.”
“Then what is she? Hm? Are all the things she has done some trick so far?” His face sunk. “I believe her. That is all that matters. We will try this, and if doesn't work, we will go on from there. Are we clear Targon?” “Yes, mam.” Zin looked down at her cup, to hide her blushing face, and to control the butterflies in her stomach.
“What about the merchant spy?” They all turned to Lezz who had sat silently at the desk.
“Who?”
“The merchant that came into town some weeks ago.” Amarensia stroked her chin. 
“Hmm. How certain are we that they were a spy?
“Very, Mam.”
“Who are we talking about?” 
“Sorry, A merchant came to town some weeks ago, but they are not conducting trades. Just mostly talking and hanging around the harbor. From time to time, they ride to the nearest tradetown. We are pretty sure they are a spy for the gang in Tontanos.”
“We had planned to do something, but other things took priority.”
“But now, I think we have our perfect sacrifice.” She lent forward and planted her elbows on her desk.
“Lezz, be a dear and go and find out the next time they are ridding to the tradepost. Targon, figure out how to kidnap them on the road, and how to get them to the cave. Zinra is with you on this.”
“Yes, Mam.” They all said in unison.

They found out that the spy was about to ride out in two days. The river did not get worse, but people were starting to get anxious in town. Old-timers talked about how this is not the first time the monsoon was late. But the scars of the drought still lingered in people's minds. There were no riots yet. But when you walked into the town you could taste the fear and tension in the air.
Things were still tense between her and Targon, but they remanded professional. When the day came, they got up early and walked out of town. When the town had faded behind them, they decided to sit down on the side of the road. 
“This seems too simple.” She was checking her embertube. It was rolled up grass and dung that smoldered. 
“Why make it more complicated than it needs to be?” Targon had a straw in his mouth.
“We are just going to knock her out then?”
“Yeah. I think she will be alone on a horse. We take her. Let the horse go. She never arrives in town. People will go searching for her. Find her horse. Assume bandits took her.”
“Won't they suspect us?”
“Maybe. But they have no proof.” He smiled at her.
Their horses were tied to a pole some meters from the road, they were chewing grass.
Targon took a deep breath.
“Zin, I want to apologize.” She raised her eyebrow.
“For what?”
“The argument we had when we decided to do this. I should have trusted you.” Her face softened a bit.
“Don't worry about it.”
“It is just…” He steered off the road at the horizon. “Ever since you came to us, you have turned everything upside down. You walk in and say hey the elements are real, and you throw fire around. It's all just so…”
“Weird?” He looked at her and smiled. She smiled back.
“Yeah. Weird.” 
“Trust me it's weird for me too. I was kinda thrown into this.” He nodded.
“Yeah, I can…” He stopped talking and squinted down the road.
“There she is. Get ready.”
They raised their hoods and scarves and walked to the middle of the road.
“Are you sure that is her?”
“White horse and…Shit.
There where more than one horse. Three horses were coming down the road.
“Guards?”
“Seems so.”
She looked over at the embertube. It was still there and smoldering. She took a couple of deep breaths. In, out.
“Halt!”
Targon held out his hands. The riders slowed down and stopped in front of them.
“What is the meaning of this? Let us pass.” The person on the white horse was talking.
“We just want her.” Targon pointed at the person on the white horse. “Let us take her and you might leave.”
“Kill them.” The two people around her took out their swords. 
“Sparkles.” She focused on the embers, pulled them to her, and feed them until they were roaring flames. She let it fly in front of the white horse which she hoped would be spooked. It reared and threw the rider off. She moved the flame to the person on the left, into their mouth and nostrils. She had thought about the fastest way to kill a person with fire after the priest. Fire would kill anyone with time, but it took too long, and the smell was unbearable. So she had practiced to make the fire small and to make it very fast. When the fire was inside their mouth, she poured her power into it and the flame turned to an inferno. He didn't have time to scream before his vocal cords were burnt away. The moment the fire went into his throat the horse throw him off.
Targon managed to deal with his rider quickly, he had dragged them down and slit their throat. Her guard died quickly after from asphyxiation.
The horses were jumping around and screaming. They would kill the spy on the ground soon if she didn’t stop them. She steered the fire in front of the horses, who started to back away from it. She pushed them off the road, into the fields. They started to run away from her. She let the flames die.
“Fucking hell Zin. When did you...” Targon walked towards her.
“The cave. I never…” Then the smell from the body hit her. The metallic smell. The burning hair. She started to gag and walked away trying to not throw up. “A fitting sacrifice to me. You’re growing in strength very fast. Soon we will make wonders.” She couldn't stop it. She threw up. 
When she was done, Targon had managed to wrangle the person on their horse and tied her up. 
“Hey, Zin? You did good. I'm proud of you.” She walked to her horse. “Was this your first kill?”
“No.”
Targon untied their horse and got up on his.
“What about the corpses?”
“We have to leave them. We can bury them, but it will take too long. We just have to be quick.” She nodded and got up on hers, and they were off.
“Targon?”
“Hm?”
“Does it ever… get easier?”
He was silent for a moment.
“Hope it never does.”

The ride to the cave was in silence. She went over in her head how to do this. Burning was out of the question, so she had to use her dagger. In their training, she and Targon had talked about the fastest way to kill someone, and his point was always go for the throat. So all she had to do was to slit her throat and be done with it. In her mind, it sounded simple. In her heart, it sounded heavy. Targon took her off the horse and carried the sacrifice into the cave. That is what she thought of her. If she just saw her as that it would be easy. She followed them in when she saw a note falling out of her pocket. She picked it up and read it.
“I hope to see you again soon, I will be waiting for you with the wine you want. Love, Charl.”
She stopped walking and looked as Targon put her on the ground. She took a shaky breath and walked to him. Targon looked at her. “Do you want me to do it?” There was concern on his face.
“No. I need to do it.” He nodded. “Do you want to be alone during the deed?” She nodded. He held out his dagger to her.
“I will be outside, and don't make her suffer.” With heavy hands, she took the dagger. She looked down at her as Targons footsteps faded behind her. She was still breathing, her chest rising up and down. She knelt next to her.
“This is the best she can be. A sacrifice for a lord of the elements was a grand thing once.” But she was more than a sacrifice. She has a name. A lover who was waiting on her. She was a person like her, with hopes and dreams. And now against her will, she would become a sacrifice.
“It needs to be done.”
“I'm sorry.” She whispered and took a deep breath.
“Lord of water. Take this sacrifice.” She put the knife on her throat, then stopped. “Love Charl.” The note echoed in her mind. What are you waiting for, do it. She tried to force herself to press the dagger deeper, and to cut but… The strength from her arm was leaving. She couldn’t do it. She was not a sacrifice anymore; she was a person. She would find another way, some other… 
It happened so fast she didn’t notice at first what happened. She heard her taking a grasp and move. And she hadn’t moved the dagger away, and Targon always carried sharp weapons and made sure they were good. It was all it took, and the blood started to pour. She dropped the dagger and crawled away. Her eyes opened and she looked at Zinra for a moment, until she closed them again, and stopped moving. She sat still for a while, just staring at the blood, and the body. Her mind had sized up, all she could see was that last look.
“Zinra?” She turned around and Targon was at the cave opening. “Are you alright?” She got up and walked over to him. “Is it done?” she nodded. She tried to say something, but her lower lip was wobbling, and her breath just caught in her throat. She was shaking. Targon took her in for a hug. He said nothing, but she couldn't hold the tears back and started to cry. It all just came out. So many deaths. The priest, the people who were guarding her, and now this. All their faces, she could still see them. Their lives were taken away, all because of her. She was a murderer. Twice now. A monster. Just like Renaldo.
No. No. He had killed because he wanted to. HE took glee from it. She did it because she had to. She was not like him.
After some time, she calmed down enough to be able to walk back to town. They lead the horses back into town, she didn’t have the energy to ride anything.
As they entered the city gate, they heard a clap.
Behind them, thunderclouds were rolling in. 

She was sitting on the balcony watching the rain. It was a small one, mostly used as a place to look at the street, but now it let her be alone, and out of the rain somewhat. The monsoon rains were hard, but she had never seen a rain like this. It was like it all the rain had been bottled up and now all of it had to come down at once. No one was walking on the streets and the roads were flooding. She had done this. She had caused all of this. This was her rain. Her and the lord of waters rain. 
“There you are.” She was spooked and turned around. Amarensia was standing at the door. In her hand, she held a jug of wine. She walked over and sat down next to her and held out the jug to her. She opened it and took a deep glug.
“Targon told me what you two did. He is very proud of you. And he said. I quote, she did some cool ass shit with fire.”
She huffed and they sat for a while, just staring out to the rain, sharing the jug with each other. Amarensia said nothing, just took a glug from time to time, and looked out over the city. The cold from the rain was seeping in, except from the side where Amarensia was sitting.
“Why are you here?”
“Targon said you were very upset. So, I wanted to check up on you. We take care of each other here.” She squeed her shoulder.”
“Do you know what she was going to?” She shook her head.
“She was meeting her lover.” She turned her face to her, and there was a tear sliding down her face. 
“Ahh.”
They sat in silence again for a while, watching the thunder and lighting. Something was bubbling in her. She wanted to scream.
“This…All of this. It's not the life I had planned. This is all so fucked up. I didn’t want to kill people!” She bent over and clutched her head with her hand. She felt Amarensia stroking her back “You never get the life you planned. And I never said we were good people. If you wanna leave us I will let you go.”
She looked at her. She drank her in. When the thunder flashed her hair shone like starlight.
“I'm not leaving. But…” Words failed her, it was all just a raw nerve in her stomach, all the pain, and death.
“Hey. You did the right thing. We fucked up with the cave, but we fixed it.” 
“By killing an innocent person that had nothing to do with it!”
“We made sure people wouldn’t starve. The rain made sure people could live. One life for many towns.”
“Is that how you deal with all this?”
“I try to see the big picture. But I don't harbor ideas that I'm a good person. I have done a lot of awful things in my time. All we can do now is move forward, and not to do the same mistake.” She held out the jug to her. She took another deep glug.
The alcohol was helping a bit. It made it easier to ignore the ball in her stomach. To just listen to the rain, and to sit in silence with her. 

The monsoon rains had started and as most people did at the start of the rains, they were cleaning indoors. If you were meant to stay indoors for the most time anyway, you might as well keep it clean. Dad had not made it home before the rain, so it was just the two of them. Zi was in the kitchen scrubbing the floors while their mum was in her bedroom cleaning. It was not the most exciting thing to do, but what else would you do anyway? The sheep were under their roof same with the oxen. They had food and water. 
She went up to go and switch out her dirty scrubs water when she saw her mum kneeling at her bed. She had a chest in her lap, and she was stroking the lid of it. She put the bucket down and walked to the door. Her mum didn’t notice, she was lost somewhere. She got a closer look at the chest now; she had never seen it before.
“Mum, what is that?” Her mum almost jumped where she sat and turned to her.
“Zi you scared me.” She put the chest down and pushed it under the bed.
“Mum, what was in that chest?” Her mum got up and brushed off her knees. She could see there was a smile on her face, but also something else. Concern? Worry?
“I will tell you one day when you are older. The things in there…” For a moment she just looked out the window at the rain. “Are you done in the kitchen?”
Zi shoke their head. “Well, we better continue then. The house won’t clean itself.”






Chapter 6

The rain was still pouring down. Everyone was staying inside, doing what they could to spend the time. They said that during the monsoon rain all the houses got so well cleaned. Targon and Liza were the ones in charge of the cleaning and at the moment both of them were cleaning the kitchen. Zinra and Lezz were playing chess. Lezz were sitting crosslegged just staring at the board. She was where scratching her shin, trying to come up with a way to get his monarch.
“You have been with Amarensia a lot the last few days.” She moved her rock.
“Hm? Yeah, just ironing out the last few details. You're dead in three moves.”
She looked at the board. How could he… That damned horse. It was always the damned horse. But horses could still be killed.
“What is this plan?” She moved her farmer and killed the horse.
“It's a thing we have been planning to do for a while now. Or more wanted to do. We had to wait for the perfect opportunity to do it, and it never came. But things changed recently.”
“In what way?”
“You.” He looked up from the board.
“Me?”
“Yes, dead in two moves.”
She could not see how he would do it. Nothing could reach her monarch in two moves. His rocks were too far away. He might be bluffing. Then again, when had Lezz ever needed to bluff? She moved her rock again.
“Why can't you just tell me?”
“Go and ask her. I'm sure she is happy to talk to you.” She raised her eyebrow.
“She has better things to do.”
“I'm not so sure. You’r dead.”
“How in the...” A small farmer. A fucking farmer killed her monarch. With a grunt, she got up and walked to Amarensia room. She heard Lezz laugh behind her.
She just wanted to know what the plan was. Nothing more. Then why did she feel nervous? Like her stomach was filled with butterflies. She was still her boss, so butting in and asking about things they did not want to talk about was a normal thing to get nervous about. It was nothing more than that. 
She took a deep breath and knocked on the door.
“Enter.”
She was sitting at her desk, feet on the table leaning back while reading a scroll. She smiled when she looked at her. Her butterflies started to fly faster.
“What can I do you for?” She put the scroll down. Her hair was framing her face, and the right side of her mouth had a little dimple on it when she smiled. 
“Everyone is talking about this next job. Lezz mentioned that it is something that you have wanted to do for a while but couldn’t until I was here.”
“Ah. So work it is.” She put her feet on the floor and lent on the desk.
“I was planning to tell you later, but Lezz running his mouth. Tsk, that boy.” She rolled her eyes.“Here is the thing. We have a rival in Tonatanos. A gang who does the same things as us. But they refuse to cooperate. I have been trying for years to work with them, to get access to markets in Tonatanos. But they refuse to even talk to us. So now every city in the plains have their own small gang, and all of them are too damn proud to work together. They have been a thorn in our side for a long while. I have wanted to deal with them to send a message, but it has been hard to do. Well, until you showed up.”
“Because I can throw fire?”
“Yeah. We are going to Tonatanos to send them a message.” She put her arms on the table. “A message that will ring loud and clear. And I need your help with that.” She stared into her eye. There was a pleading there. She was not telling her to do this, she asked her to do this. How could she ever say no to those blue wonderful eyes?
“What does that entail?”
She leaned back in the chair.
“I had kinda hoped we could just burn them all. But, from what I heard from Targon” She broke eye contact and stared at the wall. “Burning humans are messy. Right?”
“Its… It's one way to describe it.” She looked down at her stump. Her ghost hand was itching again. She forced herself to not try to scratch it.
“You don't wanna kill people with fire, do you?”
“No…Yes. Maybe. No. It's just…” She looked up from her stump to her. “Have you ever smelled a burning human?” 
“Can't say I have.”
“The smell. I don't know even where to start. When the blood burns it smells like copper. Metallic. You know what blood tastes like, that but a smell. Burning hair smells awful, rotten. Then there is the underlying cooking meat smell. With a hint of sweetness. I don't think there is a smell more revolting than a burning human.”
Amarensia was silent for a moment. Her face was expressionless, but she could tell wheels were turning in her head. Then her face broke into concern.
“I…I see.” She took a deep breath. “Look. I can't promise you I won't order you to kill people with fire. But only when it is necessary.”
She nodded. 
“Besides for this, I think I need you mostly for burning material things and be a distraction. You can be really distracting when you want to.”
“You want me to distract them with fire?” 
Her face broke out into a smile. Did she miss something?
“Yes. It's more distractions and burning their house and storage. That will be your job.”
“I can do that.”
“Good. Was there anything else?” She shook her head. She turned around to leave, and for a moment she wanted to ask her more. To talk to her. Just spend more time with her. But she was probably busy with other stuff. Things to do.
“Before you leave.” She turned to her. The butterflies making turns in her stomach. “Tell Targon that his family has gotten the payments.” She nodded and left to go back for another round of chess. 
-
“Hey Zinra, wanna do some weapon training? She groaned a little on the inside, but she had been sitting all day. It would be good to move. 
“Sure Targon.” They cleared a spot in the center and she started to do her stretches.
“Amarensia says that your family has gotten their payment.” 
“Ah, that is good to her.” Somehow the smile on his face got bigger.
“Speaking of payments, I have something for you.” He held out a box to her. 
“What is it?”
“Open it.” After some struggle, she managed to get it open. It was a round smooth wooden piece with some letter straps to it. It looked like a bowl. The inside of the bowl was covered in cloths.
“What is this?”
“Here let me show you.” He put it on her stump, covering it up and securing it with the straps. It looked like she had a bowl on her stump. But it didn’t hinder her moment. “It's a stump protection.” She smacked it gently on her leg. She felt it but there was no pain. She smacked the top of the bowl. There was some pain, but not nearly the same as she was used to.
“Now I can’t just smack your stump and win.” She looked at him and she was smiling
“Thank you. Where did you get this?”
“I know a good woodworker in town, asked him if he could do something like that. And don't mention it. Now raise your dagger.”

The rain continued for another three days. The moment the rain subsided Amarensia ordered them all to pack and move out. Liza and Grog would stay behind, while Amarenisa, Zinra, Lezz, and Targon packed their stuff for the boat trip.
“We are taking the river?” She was packing down some spare clothes into her bag next to Targon.
“Yes, we are going on a boat with the river people. They have been waiting on the rain to stop, and she doesn't wanna keep them here any longer than needed.”
“But why not horses?”
“The river is faster, and when we get to Tonatanos no one is going to look for us. River people don't need to disclose their travelers.”
“So we are sneaking in?” She put her bag over her shoulders.
“Something like that.” Lezz also stood up with his bag, and they walked to Amarensia who was waiting at the door. And they made their way to the harbor. 
 The boat was long and narrow. Made of wood and rope and had a mast in the middle. People were walking around tying down things with ropes. As they stopped on she was struck by a smell. She wrinkled her nose at it.
“It's tar. Keeps the hull healthy.” Targon passed her. They were showed under deck. The lower deck was filled with sacks and barrels, and on the wall were hammocks. They were all assigned one hammock each. The person was talking with Amarensia in a language she did not understand. She leaned to Lezz. 
“What language is that?”
“They are from the borderlands. “
“She speaks Borderlands?” He smiled at her.
“And Donaris.” The person nodded and went up to the deck. Amarensia turned to them.
“You all have your hammocks; you are not allowed to change or switch places. They needed the boat steady. We will be in Tontanos tomorrow evening. Have fun.” Zinra placed down her sack and got up to the deck. She watched as they untied from the dock and started to glide down the river. She sat for hours watching the lands go by. She had never been to Tonatanos. It still looked like the plains, with its grasslands and rocks. But it all was so new.
She heard the sound of retching, turned around, and saw Targon leaning over the railing, with Lezz standing behind him.
“Did he eat something?”
“Seasickness. He gets it from time to time. You don't feel anything?” 
She shook her head. “Should I?”
“Some people feel sick on the water. It's the bobbing that does it.”
Targon had his head over the railing for the rest of the day. The retching had stopped, but you still could hear grunts and moans coming from him. The sail was still unfurled, and they let the current drag them down. 
“Zin.” She turned and Lezz was next to her, with a small board, and a bag.
“You brought the game with you?”
“Well yes. Wanna go a round.” She smiled at him.
“Sure.”
They played for a bit, getting a bit frustrated with the bobbing of the boat that kept moving the pieces.
“Where is Amarensia?”
“Probably under deck planning. When plans are about to begin, she starts to go over all the details over and over. She wants to make sure they are right.”
“Does that happen often?” She raised her eyebrow.
“Sometimes. If you wanna go and check on her, ask if she has eaten anything today.” Her eyebrows furrowed, and it didn’t take long for her to lose the game.
She walked under the deck, the boat gently rocking from side to side. She was not in her bed, and she didn’t see her anywhere.
“Ama?” She walked further down the boat, to the goods the river folks were transporting. On a little box tucked in the corner, where a map, some wooden pieces, a piece of paper. And Amarensia, leaning against the hull sleeping. Her head had rolled to her side, her hair covering her face. She wore a low-cut jacket and she could see her neck and collarbone. She heard her snoring over the sound of waves. Her butterflies returned to her. It was such a gentle and beautiful sight. She didn’t wanna disturb her. She looked like a sleeping princess from one of the stories. She knelt with a heavy heart and shook her shoulder.
“Hey.” 
“Mmmm. What?” She shifted where she sat and moved her hair from her face. She hadn’t noticed the bags under her eyes earlier.
“Have you eaten today?”
“I'm not hungry but thank you for waking me.” She moved back to the box.
“Did you eat anything yesterday?”
“I'm fine Zin, you can go now.” She picked up a piece on the map and looked at her paper note.
She was about to leave, but seeing the bags, and remembering what Lezz said made her stop.
“I remember you telling me that we look out for each other here. And I just want you to eat a bit. Come now, they have some great dried fish.”
Ama turned to her and was about to say something. For a moment she saw anger on her face, but nothing came out. She took a deep breath and put the thing down.
“Your right. I'm sorry.” She got up and walked behind her.
“It's gonna go great Ama.”
“You don't know that.”
They ate some of the fish and watched the land go by. Lezz joined them, and they talked about some old jobs they had done. Targon butted in where he could but he contributed mostly with grunts. After a while, as the sun was nearing the horizon did they decide to go to bed early. She didn’t sleep well that night. The moving and bobbing of the boat did not help her fall asleep as they had said it would. All the new sounds, the creaking of the wood, the river also kept her up. Lezz and Targon sleept well, and even Amarensia had gotten to bed. But she was the last one to go to bed. Her sleep where dreamless that night.
In the morning, she was the last of them to get up. Lezz was the one that dragged her out. Amas bed was already empty, and she could hear talking from the place where she found her last time. They at a morning meal of fish and cheese, and Zin got to the end of the boat where a man was sitting with a wooden rod.
“How do you steer the boat?” 
“You see this?” He pointed to the stick he was holding. “This moves a paddle underwater.” He turned it left, and the boat turned right.
“It goes the opposite direction?”
“Yeah, but you get used to it. When you have been out on the water as long as we, it becomes second nature. You learn where the rapids are, where it is calm. You remember all the rocks and shallows and notice where new things are. It's like the river is talking to you.” Her heart stopped. Talking to you. Was this man a herald? 
“Are…” She leaned closer to him. “Are you a herald to the lord of water?”
The driver raised his eyebrow and stared at her.
“Excuse me?” His face was filled with confusion. 
“Nothing.” The man just shook his head and continued to steer the boat. She sat down on the edge of the boat looking at the land. She had been so sure. The way he talked about the river. No, he was just good at his job. There was nothing more to that. Yet her heart felt heavy, for a moment she thought she was not alone. That maybe there was someone like her out there, with the same kind of strange powers.
She sat alone most of the day, until late midday when Lezz wanted another game of chess.
“Lezz, Amarensia said that all major towns In the plains have a gang in them like us. Why is that?”
“It's because they all come from the same gang.” He moved one of his pieces and looked at her. “Ansia, Amarensias mother, the gang she led was spread to all towns. But they broke up and everyone turned small and tried to outcompete each other.”
“Wait. The gang in Tonatanos used to be part of our gang?” He nodded. “What happened to make them spilt up?”
“That is not my story to tell.”
 A shout was heard, and they all stood up. On the horizon of the river, they saw it. Tonatanos. The beating heart of the region.

Tontanos was the biggest thing she had ever seen. So many people, so much going on. The city was on one side of the river, spreading out as far as she could see. It was a half-circle, with a wall around it, and the river was acting like an extension of the wall. There were so many people walking around on the streets. And the harbor where they docked was filled with so many people and boats that it made the harbor in Montanos looking like it was nothing. Everything was so much bigger and so much more.
“I didn’t… I didn’t know there were so many humans.” They glided to an open spot in the harbor.
“First time here?” Targon was next to her. She nodded. “It is very different from Montanis. But just wait till you get to see the city center.” She turned to him.
“There is more than this?” He just laughed. As soon as the boat was secured, they walked off the boat onto solid land. Targon let out a loud thank you for solid ground.
“Targon, you and Zin go to the hideout. Lezz you are with me.”
“Yes, boss.” Amarensia and Lezz head of deeper into the town, while she and Targon walked along the docks. The buildings were not taller than in Montanos, but they were more tightly spaced, and they looked older. More worn out and lived in. She stopped walking. On the dock standing next to a human who was arguing with another human, was a goat person. They were almost a head taller than the humans, and their feet were hoofs and bent like a goat. Their arms were human, but their head was a goats' head. They were dressed in an ornate red robe and their horns were endowed in fine jewellery. She was standing in awe.
“You never seen one before?” She just shook her head. “They are a sight to behold. But come now, we have job to do.” She followed Targon through the street, turning around one last time to get a look at the person. She tried to remember the streets they took, but she gave up after a while. Everything started to blend together, small street after small street, people talking and shouting, vendor stalls everywhere. When they finally reached the hideout, she was exhausted by all the things she had seen.
The hideout turned out to be a backroom for a bakery. Targon told her to wait outside, while he talked to the owner. She could hear some laughter, and after a minute he got out with a basket at his arm. He led her to a back door. The hideout was a small room, with three beds, a desk, and a fireplace. 
“Why here?” 
“Because.” He walked over to the desk, and put down a basket on the table, and lifted off the cloth. “This woman makes the best bread in the world.” He lifted out a piece of bread.
“We hide here for the bread?”
“That and we trust her. Have to hide somewhere, why not get fresh bread out of it.” They put down their gear and ate some of the bread while they waited for Ama and Lezz to arrive. They joined them around an hour later. As soon as Amarensia walked into the hideout she unpacked her gear and put the map on the desk. Lezz dug into the bread and they all gathered around Amarensia.
“This is their compound.” She pointed to the map 
“Our rivals. It's on the edge of town, and we are here simply to disrupt their operations. Our sources say they got a big important job they are doing at the moment. So far, they are just storing it, but they are planning to move it out of town soon. We are here to make sure they don't do that. If we do this, their reputation will fall, and after that, we can sweep in and take up what is left.” She turned to look at Zin. “This is where we need you. Our first step is to burn what they are storing.”
“Nothing else?” Amarensia shoke her head. 
“We are starting with this. After we have burnt the storage place, we more things to do. Targon is going to go and talk with the city guard, spreading rumors on what happened with the burning. And this is not the only place we are going to burn. But the rest comes later.”
“What are they storing?” Amarensia let out a long deep breath
“I don't know. I have been trying to figure it out, but no one is talking. Not even who they are selling to. So, this has to be something big. Lezz, take Zin to the compound and let her see it.”
“Yes, mam.” They walked out the door, back into the street.

They made their way towards the Compound. Lezz took her to the main street, and it was wider and more open. But that just meant more people were walking around. It was just a mass of people walking around, talking, bargaining, selling, and buying.
“There are so many people here…” 
“Yes, they don't have a market day here. Every day is market day, and there are many more farms around here. There is also a clay mine nearby, and a copper mine. They say that is how this town started. A trading post of the copper, and then it just grew.” Everything felt so cramped and stuffy. She thought she would like it here. All the things he had heard about Tontanos, the people, the market, the coming and going. Now she just wanted to be done and leave.
They left the main road and the bustling became quieter until they reached the compound. It was on the edge of the wall, and it looked like a city inside a city. There was another wall going out from the city wall that engulfed some buildings.
“It started as a barrack for the city guard. But they quickly outgrew it and they abandoned it. It shifted hands over the years until one day the gang got it.” The walls were smooth rock, and there one big double door. 
“How would I get in?” Lezz nodded to the end of the wall, where there was a small side door of wood.
“So I just, walk in there and do it.”
“Yes.” They turned away and started to head back.
“It sounds so…simple.”
“It's how she likes to keep it. Keep the main plan simple. Have many small backup plans in case something happens. Something always happens.”
“You think something will happen?”
“Plans are good to have Zin, but they tend to fall apart.” They made their way back to the hideout.

They sat around the table eating. Targon had gone and bought them supper. “Are we going to strike tonight?” Amarensia nodded.
“We do this now and as fast as we can. I want to be out of here in a day or two.”
“By boat?” She shook her head. 
“Horses. The river folk have done enough for us.” Targon finished his bowl and put it down.
“So. I'm gonna go and cause a distraction at their main gate. I give you a signal, when you hear it you enter.”
“What is the signal?”
“Oy followed by drunken shouting.” She just stared at him. 
“That's it?” 
“Why make it complicated?” He smiled at her, and she shook her head.
As they were about to leave Amarensia put her arm on her elbow, holding her. Her face was set in stone, but there was a hint of concern on her face.
“Come back to me, okay? Both of you.” She turned to Targon. 
“Don't worry boss. We got this.” He opened the door, and she turned to look at Amarensia. She saw how tired she was. How long had she planned this? How many sleepless nights had she been up and planned this?
“Don't worry about me.” She shone her a smile. And she and Targon walked out into the twilight.
The streets were quieter than they had been during the day, but she could still hear and see people. The shouting, bargaining, and the talking had turned into laughter and songs.
“Won't it be a problem with so many people?” Targon shook his head.
“No, the opposite. It will be easy to blend into a crowd. No one is going to turn their head that we are out.” When they reached the compound they went over the signal one more time, and she went and hid in a sidestreet and waited. The sound of the city had faded to almost nothing. The compound itself was quiet, and she could not see anyone walking around in there. She checked her embertube, it was still smoldering, and she could draw from it. Her stomach was filled with butterflies. Her first job in the gang, and it all was upon her shoulders to do it. She wanted to make Amarensia proud. 
“Oy!”
There it was. She waited ten seconds then she moved. Not running but with brisk steps to the door in the wall. She had thought about many ways to open it. Could burn it just at the hinges. It Will take a minute, but it will make so she had a shorter time in storage. She could break it open, which would be loud, and someone might hear that. Or she could…
She turned the corner and there was the door. Open. Not fully but enough to see through a gap. Something began to gnaw in her. It stood open like an invitation. An invitation as a happy accident, or something worse she did not know.
No time to think about that. She got to the door and looked through the gap. There was a yard on the other side with tables and chairs, boxes, and sacks. But she could not see a person anywhere. She gently pushed open the door and walked in. She saw two buildings; one was the living house and the other was the storage house. She could hear people talking and shouting. She thought she heard Targons voice but that might have been a wish. She got to the door of the storage house and that one was also open. Now her stomach started to churn. The invitation seems to be more sinister than she had hoped. All of this was too easy. Inside the storage, it was pitch dark but in the dim lights, she could see boxes. Boxes lining the wall. She drew a small portion of the fire from the tube and held it close to her face. She walked over to one and opened it.
It felt like a rock. She moved the fire closer. Greyish rock with some brown spots. She had never seen anything like this.
She opened two other boxes. Same thing. Why where are they storing rocks? She took a small piece and put it in her pocket. 
No time to lose. She drew the flame from the embertube and started to set fire to as many of the boxes as she could until she started to hear the sound of people screaming fire. She took that as her cue to run. The yard was still empty, but she heard voices coming towards her. She ran out into the streets.
She ran as fast as her legs could carry her. After running for what felt like an hour she stopped and hid behind a cart. She listened for footsteps or shouting. All she could hear was the pounding in her ear from her heart. The street was silent. She waited a minute and then started to walk to the main street. As she reached it she could see the fire from the compound, and people running towards it. She turned back and made her way to the hideout, with a stone in her stomach. This all seemed so wrong. All of it had been too easy.

Targon was already waiting for her when she made it. Amarensia was sitting at the desk playing a game of Chess with Lezz. 
“I stayed as long as I could. I did see the flames. You did good Sparkles.” He patted her on the shoulder.
“I… Something is wrong.” Amarensia stood up
“What?” She put the rock on the table. 
“This is what they had. I managed to look in three boxes. All filled with this. I don't know what it is.”
Amarensia picked up the rock. “How many boxes were there?”
“It filled the room.”
Silence fell in the room. 
“The door was also opened. The yard was empty.” She looked at Targon then at Amarensia. Targons face was filled with concern, while hers was impossible to read.
“Backup now.” She got to the table and started to pack her stuff.
“What the fuck is…”
“We are leaving now.” Targon and Lezz did the same. She took the hint and took her stuff.
They packed what they could and ran out the door. They took a long way along, keeping an eye for smoke in the sky. There were some but far less than anyone one of them would hope for.
“Where are we going?” 
“There is an abandoned house on the edge of town. We are hiding there for the night.” After a tense but uneventful walk, they got to the house. It was a small one near the wall. The roof had fallen in at places, and the furniture was old. There were no beds or fabrics in the house. Targon entered first to make sure it was empty, then the rest came in.
“I take first watch. You rest sleep.” Targon sat near the window, while the others made themself comfortable.
It took a while for sleep to reach her, her mind keeps rolling on ideas after ideas. Until she came to one thorn she could not let go of.
This had been a setup.

She was sitting outside watching the stars. Tomorrow was her name day. The day when she had been alive for ten years, the day she would get her real name, and reveal her gender. They were nervous. Dad would be home tomorrow, and in the evening, they would do the ceremony. Mum had bought some sweets from town, and she would make their favorite food. 
“Zi, are you coming inside? It's time for bed.” Mum had walked outside and was standing behind her.
“Mum… I'm…”
“What is it?” She sat down next to them.
“How do I know what I am?” Their mum put her arm around her shoulder.
“Darling. What do you feel like?”
“I… I think I feel like a girl. But how do I know? What if I pick wrong?”
“But you can't pick wrong. If you feel and think you are a girl now, then you are a girl. And if you find out later that you are a boy or a mun then you are that. For some people gender is not set, it changes with them. Some days they feel like a girl. Some days like a boy. Some people feel like they are a boy since their name day and never change. Some feel like they are Mun, not a boy or a girl. And all of these things are okay to be and feel. No one will love you less because you might find out that you were a boy or a mun later.”
They felt a warmth spread inside of them. 
“Okey mum. Then I think I am a girl.” She looked up at her mum and smiled. She smiled back.
“I am so happy for you. But now we should go to bed.”
The next day they celebrated. She got the name Zinra. They talked about mum and dad's name days. Dad talked about how he had presented as a woman when he was younger, but later in life changed to present as a man. Mum talked about the importance of the name day. And why it was taken at the ten years you have been alive. No one knew what gender or name you had when you were born. It was chosen later when you had been alive long enough to know. They ate and celebrated. And Zinra went to bed with a belly full of candied lemon peels.






Chapter 7

They slept until the morning. When she woke up Amarensia was the one watching out the window. She was talking to herself. Lezz packed up some dried meat and some of the fresh bread for breakfast, while Targon put on a kettle for tea.
“How could this have happened…how did I miss this…” Amarensia was chewing on her fingers. She had never seen her like this, worn out and mumbling to herself. She usually had the energy of someone who knows everything, who had a plan and an answer. 
“I don't think anyone is coming for us.” Targon stretched out and leaned against the wall. “Alright. So what happened last night?” 
“Okay. Okay.” Amarensia took a deep breath and stopped walking around the room. 
“First question, what is this rook?” Amarensia held out the rock Zinra had taken. 
“Iron. That is raw iron.” They looked at Lezz.
“Dad taught me.” He shrugged.
“Iron. Iron ore.” Amarensia lifted the rock and rolled it between her fingers. “No wonder it was impossible to find out anything about what they were storing.”
“Where did they get it?” Targon took another piece of meat. “You said the room was full of these boxes.” She nodded.
“You could make an army with that. Give everyone a sword of iron.” Lezz was drawing something in the dirt on the floor.
“You think it is for weapon production?” Zin said.
“I don't know. I guess so.”
“Okey but where did they get it?” Targon looked at Lezz.
“The only one I know that mine iron is the goat people, and they don’t sell the ore. They make the things you need and sell them to you.“
“So where did they get this?”
“Maybe they stole it.”
“Then they had to be doing this for ages. To get this amount…” 
“Okey but who are they storing it for. Themself or are they selling it?” Zin looked at Amarensia. 
“Selling it probably. This would be the deal of a lifetime. They would be set up with money or favors for the rest of their life.
“Who has that kind of power?” Amarensia shook her head.
“Tonatanos could. To keep a degree of separation they hired the gang to do it. Or the church.” Zinras stomach fell.
“You think they are selling this to the Church?”
“I don't know!” Amarensia trow her arms up. “I don't know.”
“It's okay Ama. We will work that out later.” Targon put his hand on her shoulder. Amarensai patted his hand. Something stung in Zins stomach. Some kind of anger.
“There is a second point tho.” They turned to Zin.
“This was a setup. All of this was too easy. They knew.”
“Then why didn't they stop us? Why not put out more guards?”
“I don't know.” She sat down on the ground. She was still tired even after sleep. She rubbed her eye.
“Maybe they wanted us to burn it. Iron won’t get damaged in that kind of temperature.”
“Why would you want your compound attacked?”
“I don't know.”
“I'm sorry. I have failed you all.” She hung her head.
“No, you didn’t.” She raised her head and looked at her. For a moment she looked so lost and scared. She had stopped rolling the stone between her hands. “No one is mad at you Amarensia. You did all you could and more.” She tried to smile with ease and confidence at her, the same smile she had seen on her face so many times. ”We are all alive and healthy.” Ama slowly nodded her head at her and took a deep breath. She smiled back at Zin, and the butterflies returned to her.
“Thank you. Okey. There is nothing more we can do here. Targon, go and see if we can leave town.” Some of the old confidence came back to her voice, and she squared her shoulders and held her head straight. “I will go and see if I can get some news around town, see what the gossip is. Zinra we still don't know if you were seen so stay here with Lezz.” Amarensia and Targon got up and left.
Lezz packed up the chessboard and they sat and played. The sound of the city was distant, but it was the same sound as yesterday. Like all the things in the night hadn’t happened.
“There is still something that bothers me.” He moved one of his farmers on the board.
“What is it?”
“That was raw iron. So far all they have is a pile of rocks. They need to melt it.”
“And?”
“You can't melt it in regular blacksmith ovens used for bronze. The only one I know of who knows how to build iron ovens is the goat people. That is why they don't sell the ore. They are the only ones with the mines, and the means to melt them. If you want iron you deal with them.”
“What are you saying?” She had lost focus on the game.
“The goat people would be more than willing to sell that amount of iron in ready to use swords. But selling it in raw form, it's not something they would do.”
“So, all of it was stolen from them?”
“It's the only thing that makes sense. They are paranoid about the secret of iron getting out. They don't let outsiders into their main city, and they keep a strict list of people who are privy to know the secret.”
“Why can’t you use regular bronze ovens?”
“They don't get hot enough. You need way hotter ovens to melt it. And so far no one but the goat people have figured out how.”
“Hopefully.”

Targon returned after an hour. Zinra and Lezz kept played game after game of chess, trying to keep their mind of everything that was going on. As Targon entered he took a deep breath and sat down while holding his hands in front of his mouth.
“This just got worse. Really bad.” Zin and Lezz forgot about their game and turned towards him.
“What do you mean?”
“The church is here.” The stone that had been in Zinras stomach since last night somehow grew bigger. “I saw them while going to our guard contact. I was passing the new guardhouse and it was filled with church members. I returned after that.” Rage started to burn in her stomach. Of course, the church was here. They put their nose in everything.
“But why would they be here? And why with the…” The door opened and Amarensia walked in. She looked calmer and more like her old self. The bags under her eyes were still there, but that would have been the only clue to anyone that she was tired. As she entered a smell spread in the little house, the smell of burning grass.
“They are going to institute a lockdown.”
“What?”
“Apparently the church is here to help, and since this is not the first time something big like this happens, justice is here to help the guard out to find the culprit. And to help with that, they are going to lock the city gates for now. No one is leaving or entering unless they have someone from higher up helping or a good reason.” She leaned against the wall and looked over her gang. “So, we are stuck here for now. Targon could you put on some tea?”
Targon started a fire in the broken fireplace and started making tea. He was humming a song under his breath.
“Has Tontanos always been this helpful to the church?” She tried to keep her rage from her voice, but she didn’t know if she was succeeding. 
“They helped to reform the city guard. The guard had gotten so corrupt that they did more harm than good, and the mayor was desperate to find a solution. And the church teaching had already been very popular with the people, so inviting justice into reform the guard was an easy thing. Since then the laws have also been reformed to make them more into justice liking.”
“Like what? That you can burn heretics in their bed?”
“Zin!” Targon was holding the teapot in the air away from the flame, that was roaring. She took a deep breath and let the fire die down.
“Sorry.” Shame washed over her.
“No worries Sparkles.” Targon just smiled at her and put the tea back. “Now it will just be done quicker.” Amarensia sat down on the floor.
“To your question. A lot of the punishments before were hanging. Now the only time they will hang anyone is if they kill someone. If you steal, you are required to work for free at the person you stole from. You won't be put to death if you do something against an employee of the city.” She took a deep breath and turned away and looked at the door. “Say what you want about the church, but they do know a thing or two about justice.” Zin stood up. She was trying to suppress the anger and hate rising in her stomach. She didn’t want the fire to flame up again. But how dare she. How dare she say. 
“Burn her. Burn this city down.” 
“Zin what is…” Amarensia was looking at her. Her face started out in confusion, then changed into shock. “I didn’t mean, I'm.” She walked out the door, into the streets of the city. Her head was pounding in anger, and it took all she had to not burst all the fires nearby into an inferno. But why should she stop? These people had invited justice into their home. Justice were monsters, that hunted families down. How dare she defend them. How could she? Under all the anger and hate, she was hurt. She felt tears stinging in her eye. She brushed them away and walked into the city. She wanted to be alone. Her ghost hand had begun to itch again. 
“Sparkles!” She stopped walking and turned around. Targon was running towards her.
“What is it?” She tried to keep her voice calm.
“We need to go and get some food, we are going to stay cooped up here for a while anyway.” He walked past her into the city. She could just not follow and take another way. “Are you coming?” He smiled at her. She followed behind him.
“You know she didn’t mean to hurt you with that. It was an accident.”
She said nothing and just keeps looking at her feet.
“Look, Sparkles. We are all tired, and these last few days have been rough. She said something without thinking. It is okay to be hurt by it, but it was an accident. You made her worried.” Her anger subsided a bit. “She still meant it Targon.”
“She did. And she is still sorry that she said it.” She had looked worried and sorry before she ran out. The hurt was joined by guilt, and they mingled to form a ball of discomfort.
“They are still evil Targon.” 
“True, but even evil things can still do some good things. Come now, let's find some things to eat.”
The market was as lively as it had been yesterday. If you just looked at it, you would never know someone had tried to burn a part of the city down at the night. But she listened to the talk, and the only thing people talked about was the fire and the church. She raised her hood higher on her head, to hide her face as much as she could. It was a sad reality she had come to accept after that night. She was easy to recognize now, with her eyepatch and burnt face. Targon got the food he wanted, and they headed back to the others.
“Did I tell you how I ended up in this gang?” 
“They needed someone to crack jokes?” 
“Hah, no. I was born in a fishing village on the coast. I was the youngest child of a fishing family. My parents were fishers, my grandparents were fishers, and so on.
“But you got sick on the boat.” He winked at her.
“That I do and did from an early age. Every time they got me to the sea I spent all my time with my head over the boat railing. When my parents, bless their catches, accepted that they could not train my seasickness away they let me do all work I could on land. I grew up learning how to mend nets, gutting fish, building on so on. But I wanted to see more. So one day I decided I wanted to go and see the big city. I said goodbye to my family and made my way here.”
“To Tontanos?” He nodded. “You lived here?”
“That I did. Worked and lived here, as a city guard.”
“Were you here when the church took over?”
“They did not take over Zin, they helped to fix the guard. And yes I was here when they changed the guard. I was one of the new hires after they almost purged everyone out. City guards are not meant to be terror that you fear when you see them. They are meant to be someone you can run to for help, without fear of repercussions. And Justice helped change that.”
“Then why did you leave them?” Targon was quiet for a moment and just stared ahead.
“The church did help them to change. But not as much as I wanted to. There were still some laws in place that I don't agree with. Special laws if you are part of the city council. And I wanted to see more. I made my way to Montanos where I meet Amarensia. And ever since I have worked for her.” 
“But why her?”
“Her mother Ansia was a big help during the drought. The gang during that time was a big reason why trade didn’t stop. They made sure things still went around, the little there was. And they even helped towns that were outside their reach. Like my hometown. Her mother is the reason my parents didn’t starve to death. I wanted to repay that debt.”
She did not reply, and they just walked back in silence.
When they entered Amarensia and Lezz were around a table discussing something. Targon went to the fireplace and Amarensia got up and walked to Zinra.
“I am so sorry I didn’t mean…” Zinra put her hand on her arm.
“It's okay. I know you didn’t. It's fine.” Amareis hugged herself and looked at the ground. She muttered something under her breath that she could barely hear. Only that last word was heard “Fucked up”.

They ate their dinner, Bread, and bean paste. It was cold and not that tasty, but it filled their bellies. Lezz wanted to play more chess, but she was not in the mood, so he convinced Targon to play against him. 
“I'm gonna go on a walk.” Amarensia stood up and dusted off her clothes.
“Can I join you?” She looked at her for a moment, something in her head debating on what to do. Then her face smiled and just nodded. Both of them walked into the city.
They took the back roads avoiding the city center. Amarensia didn’t seem to have a goal, and they didn’t talk for the first twenty minutes or so. She was just happy to be out moving again. But her talk with Targon had made a thought start rolling in her head, and she found it very hard to ignore.
“Can I ask you something?” 
“Sure.”
“What happened to Ansia?” 
“Ah.” She stopped walking and stared forward. She opened her mouth and closed it many times, looking for the words. She could see that this was a raw subject. 
“She started this gang. But it was not really a gang then. They started as a merchant organization, focusing on the trade routes on land.” She was touching her ring on her right hand.”And they spread to almost every town in the plains. And even made contacts and deals with people outside. Their rise to fame was during the drought, they made sure food went to places that needed it the most. They could not feed everyone, but they made it move around. “ She took a deep breath. “But one day… no not one day. It had been brewing under the surface for years. There was a rebellion in the ranks.”
“About what?” 
“Directions of the organization. My mother she… She wanted to expand more but that would require her to get into city politics. She wanted to change the city councils, change it from different city-states to one unified region. But the other didn’t want that.”
“Why is that?”
“As I said they were spread to almost all towns in the region. From the outside, it looked like one unified organization. But in reality, it was just a group of towns that all wanted different things. It could not hold forever. So they started to fight and… And my mother died. Many people in Montanos died. The organization fractured into just being a smaller gangs focused on their hometowns. And I was left to pick up the pieces.” She was spinning the ring on her finger, and her face was a mask. She tried to put on an air of all is fine, but Zin saw the sadness in her eyes.
“I'm sorry.” For a moment she wanted to hug her, to whisper in her ear that she was so sorry. To just hold her until the sorrow was gone. Instead, she squeezed her shoulder. Amarensia smiled at her and moved her hair behind her ear. 
“It's alright. It's in the past now. Come, let's see if we can hear some new gosips.” They walked to the center of town, and Zin had more butterflies than ever in her stomach. She thought about Amarensias smile. That smile she had given her would not leave her mind. Nor did she really want it to leave.
They made their way to the town center when they heard a town crier. There would be an announcement to the entire town in the center in ten minutes. 
“That can't be good.” Amarensia started to spin her ring again and chewed her lower lip. They made their way to the center where the platform was. Every town Zinra had been to had one of them. It was so the mayor could announce things to the entire town, and where they could hold a vote on things. The last time she had been at one of these was the last market day, where they held a vote about taxes. They tended to go wild. They stood at the edge outside the crowd. People were standing shoulder to shoulder looking at the stage. 
After a while, a horn sounded. Then people dressed in white robes started to walk on the stage. They were wearing the symbol of justice. She got a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. Then she froze. All the sound around her disappeared and her whole world folded in onto itself. It was just her and the man on stage. Renaldo walked on the stage, greeted people, and started to talk. He smiled at the crowd and dazzled them with a smile.
She could not hear him. All sound had gone, her world was turning red, and the sound of roaring fire filled her mind. 
Then she felt someone taking hold of her hand. It took all her willpower to turn away from Renaldo to look at her side. There was Amarensia. She held her hand gently shaking her head, then nodded to the back ally.
“Kill him. He is there. Show him true justice. Drown him in fire.” Her face was filled with concern, and she pulled gently on her hand. Her silver hair blew in the wind, and her blue eyes shone. She pulled on her arm again.
Slowly the red started to fade and Ama lead her way from the square, and they entered a side ally.
She looked at Amarensia, it was the only thing holding her back from burning the stage down. Amarensia looked around and made sure they were alone.
“You were about to attack them, weren’t you?”
“I…”
“You know what would happen if you did?” She looked away on the ground.
“You would have died. You might have gotten a few of them, might even have gotten him. Then you would be dead. The three of us would be stuck here in town, probably be hunted down and also killed. Do you understand?” Guilt twisted in her stomach, mixing with the rage that on the verge of boiling over.
“I know you hate them. I'm not telling you you are wrong for doing that. Your hate is valid. But we are not going to kill them here.” She squeezed her hand.
“He was there.”
“Who?” Amarensai raised her eyebrow.
“The man who spoke. His name is Renaldo. We went to the same Teacher. He was the man who burnt my home.” Amarensias face changed, from being calm and collected to just being a sea of sorrow.
“I'm so sorry.”
“You don't know what he is like. He manipulates everyone to think that he is so great and.” Tears were welling up in her eye. “He killed my mother, father, and baby sibling in fire and there was nothing I could…” She could not help it as the tears started to fall. Amarensia pulled her into a hug and held her as she cried on her shoulder. The smell hit her. She must put some Lavender water in her hair. The anger at the pit of her stomach subsided as the endless grief came in. It seemed to be no end to the tears she had to shed. So many nights she had spent crying alone. Amarensia said nothing, what would there be to say anyway. The tears did come to an end tho. Amarensia let go of the hug. “Stay here. I will go and see what they are talking about.” She sat down on the ground and leaned against a wall to a house. She didn’t feel as empty as she usually felt during the nights alone. She didn’t know how long she waited there, but Ama came and collected her, and just said that they were heading back.
Amarensia didn’t tell her what they said at the announcement, but she was in a hurry to get back to the others. They took the shortest way back.
“We are in trouble.” Lezz and Targon looked up from their game.
“What is it, boss?”
“Justice has announced that they are going to make a sweep of the city. They are stepping in and helping the city guard as much as they can.” Targon just looked at her for a moment, and Lezz looked at the game.
“Well shit.” 
“We have to get out tonight. Targon was our horse still there?”
“I don't know boss, I think so. I didn’t get to see them.”
“Well, we just have to hope they are still there. “She walked to her things and took out her map of the town and placed it on the table. “Here is where our horses are.” She pointed to the outside of the map, near one of the gates. “And here is a service gate for the guards.” She pointed to the left of the gate. “It is way smaller and should be easier to get through.”
“Why don't we take the river? They can’t look through the river folks' boats, right? Nor stop them.” Zin pointed to the harbor
“If I had any pull left with them I would. But I don't, and if they find out what I would drag them into we would burn all our bridges with them. Horses are our best option. So the door. How do we get through?”
“I burn it.” They all turned to look at Zin. “I can focus the fire on the hinges, make it burn off there. I don't know how long it would take but it seems doable.” Amarensia nodded. 
“That is a good plan. Lezz, Targon?” 
“We could try to sneak by, but that would require some uniforms. I might be able to find someone in the guard that I still know and see if I can use them for something.”
“We would need to find a uniform for all of us and get them on in very short notice. Will take too long.” Lezz was rubbing his chin. “Can we climb over?”
“Too high to jump down on the other side.”
“Could use some rope.”
“We need something long enough to get down and find something to tie it to. I'm voting door.” Targon held up his hand. After a moment of thinking, Lezz followed.
Zinra looked at them all, all their hopes hanging on her now. She could do this. She had to do this. 
“I need fire first. Bigger the better.” Amarensia stood up and bit her lower lip. 
“Targon, is there anything nearby we can set on fire?” Targon bent over the map.
“Nothing that stands out that I can see. There are mostly homes there as far as I can remember.”
“Well, I'm not against burning someone's house down, but would prefer that we didn’t.”
“No.” They all turned to Zinra. “I can do it with a small fire. A candle or we get an ember tube.”
“Are you sure?” Amarensia was looking at her with no concern, just a question. She just wanted to be sure. She nodded at her and tried to show her a confident smile.
“Alright then. We will break out with the cover of night. Try to get some sleep everyone.”
They lay down to sleep, but it didn’t come to her, so she decided to take the first watch. 

Evening came and they set off. As far as they could tell there hadn’t been a curfew instated yet which made things easier. The sun was almost down, and the side streets were empty. They made their way to the Mainstreet, which still had life there. Most people were going to the taverns to drink and talk. But there weren't many songs going. It felt like the mood of the city had changed, from happy-go-lucky to a more melancholy. Were they sad because justice had come to their city, and dug its claws in. Or because they felt things had gone so wrong that they needed the church here. The question rattled around in her head.
Before they set off they had relit her embertube. Zinra walked with a stone in her stomach. She had done some practice before they set off, to make sure her lord was still there and was willing to work. They hadn’t said anything tho. 
They reached the gate and saw a city guard in front of it. They went into a side ally to talk.
“Targon take the guard. Knock them out. Zin can you work from here?” She shook her head.
“Not with this stick.” Ama nodded.
“Alright. Targon, you’r up. Lezz could you go and cause noise somewhere nearby?” He nodded. “Okey, here we go.” 
Targon and Lezz went of as Amarensia and Zinra stayed behind. They peaked around the corner at the guard. He was leaning on his spear looking board out of their mind. And there was Targon. Someone he had already made it around and behind. Soon it was her turn. She tried to keep her beating heart under control. Everything was on her shoulders now. She had to get them out. And there it was, Targon knocked the guard out. She and Ama got up and ran. 
“We will make sure you are undisturbed.” She took the fire from the embertube, and moved it to the hinges. It didn’t take long for them to start burning and smoking. But she had to try something new now. The fire wanted to spread and burn the whole door. She had to hold it two spots. She heard nothing behind her, so she focused on the door. It was taking too long, she needed it to burn faster. She fed the flames more and more, the color going from red to orange. She saw how the hinges started to glow red. Creaks and groans came from the door, and the wood could not much longer hold the weight of the door. 
“We got company.” She turned around, Targon was wrestling with another guard probably, Amarensia was standing next to him, daggers in her hands, ready for more people to come. The flame reflecting in her silver hair, surrounded by the moonlight. She looked like something from the stories. A warrior facing an invading army. She had never seen such a beautiful sight. She stared for a moment and then turned back to the door. It was still standing. She dug deeper, feeding it with all the power she had, for a moment the fire turned almost white. And then with a loud crash the door well out of its frame. 
“We are done!” Targon and Amarensia were already running, with Lezz not far behind. They jumped over the door one after the other.
“Burn it all. Burn the town. Don't let them escape.”
For a moment Lezz was slipping on something, and in her mind's eye he would fall, but he managed to stay upright and went through the door. As soon as Lezz was through she let the fire go. The flames roared higher and higher. She could fight them now. This town who had given themself to the church. She felt like she could take them all. 
“Zin!” She turned to the shout. Amarensia was standing in the dark looking at her. She turned and looked at the fire one more time, and then followed her.
She didn’t realize how much she had missed the outside, to see the wide plains again stretching out as far as she could see. Targon was untying the horses and rousing them up. As soon as they were ready each of them jumped on a horse and rode away as fast as they could. She didn’t see anyone following them through the gate. 






Chapter 8

They rode as fast as they could. The only light they could follow was the moons and the stars. Zinras horse was harder to steer and control than she had expected they would be, but she left it up to being roused in their sleep and then ridden by strangers. She was the last in their collum, following the other horses. They saw no one else on the road, and she could not see anyone following them. But Targon seemingly was not taking any chances and keep on running. A part of her wanted to turn back. Renaldo was still in the town. She could take him. But she had made a promise, so she kept going forward. 
She thought she would feel tired after the door burning but… it had drained her but not as much as she had expected it would. She was getting stronger. 
They road for a long time until they reached the first tradetown between Tontanos and Montanos. The tradetowns were like smaller towns, mostly they had an inn and some food for your horse. They were not luxurious in any way, but they provided somewhere to sleep that wasn't under the stars and in the rocky plains. Targon took the first watch as they sleep, but it quickly became apparent that they were not hunted. No one had been following them as they could see, and no one had ridden to the tradetown in the morning. As soon as the sun rose, they continued on their way home. They did not talk; it was hard to talk while the horse was going fast. She was just happy to just be able to concentrate on steering her horse and nothing else. They reached a trade town and decided to take a rest with food. She was not sure how much longer her legs could handle it anyway. 
“Why are we riding so fast? No one is hunting us.”
“I wanna get back to Montanos as fast as possible.”
“I know but my ass hurts” All four of them were standing around their table waiting on the food.
“Well, you have been such a pain in the ass, so I think it is just fair that you got some payback.” She stared daggers into Targon as Lezz and Amarensia just laughed.
They got two separate rooms and decided to go to bed early. They split up with Targon and Lezz taking one room and she and Ama taking the other room. She was so happy that it was separate beds. Why she was so nervous she didn’t know. Ama was just sitting on her bed staring down at the floor, while she was struggling in taking off her riding clothes.
“Do you need help with that?” 
“No, I’m fine.” She had gotten better at undressing, but there were just some things that would take longer now with one hand. And she had come to accept that.
“When was it that you last took your stump cover of?” Ama got up from the bed.
“I…” When had it been? Before they broke out. 
“Raise your arms above your head.” She did and Ama pulled off the shirt. “You know it's okay to ask for help.”
“I need to know how to do this on my own.” She took off the stump. It was wet and gross on the inside.
“You can’t keep it on that long. Your skin needs to breathe.” Ama took a piece of cloth and wetted it. She was just sitting there frozen, staring at her. The butterflies were going haywild in her stomach. Ama started to clean off the end of the stump. She flinched as the cloth tushed it. 
“Sorry.” 
“That is why I keep it on.” She put the cloth away and dried it off.
“Did you…” She looked away. “Did you do it yourself?” She nodded.
“I was chained to a wall. And the fire was spreading. It was that or death.”
“It has healed remarkably well.” She was sitting on her knees in front of her holding her stump in her hands. Why was she so nervous? Why would the butterflies not go away? She turned up her head and looked at her. 
“I don't know many people who could do the things you have done. You are amazing, you know that right?” She blushed, and the butterflies turned into a storm. She let go of her hand and got to her bed.
“We should sleep now.” But sleep did not come to her in a long while. Her mind just keeps coming back to Amarensia. How she thought that she was amazing. It made her feel warm inside.
On the third day, everything on her lower body ached, and she wished she could just walk back. Targon had told her that they would reach Montanos tomorrow. In the middle of the fourth day, they finally made it to the Montanos. At this point her legs were numb, and all she wanted to was to lay down, and not look at a horse ever again. Targon took care of the horses, where he would put them, she neither knew nor cared about. The moment they arrived Amarensia got off her horse and entered the hideout. She informed Gork and Liza of what had happened, and when Targon arrived motioned them all to the kitchen where she put on the tea.

“So, what do we do now boss?” Gork and Liza were the only ones sitting, the rest stood, except Zinra who lay on the ground.
“We are going to continue as usual for now. We still have contracts and business deals. Gork did we ship the last of the blue grass?” He nodded at her. “That is good.”
“Ama.” Lezz took a deep breath and then looked at the table. “All of this felt like we were set up. I think we have a spy among us.” Nobody said anything, their eyes were wandering, etch looking at the other around the table. 
“We are not going to start accusing each other of being a spy Lezz.” Amarensia looked her eyes with him. “It will serve nobody.” She looked over the table at the rest. “But something was amiss with this whole operation. And we are going to look into it. But for now, we are going to continue like before. Got it?” She let her eyes wander over the room to everyone. Each person she nodded at and they nodded back. Her face was filled with determination, but there was a hint of fear in it. Like the smallest shade of red, in a blue ocean. She looked like a general going to war. 
“Good. We are drinking tea, and then I'm going to the bathhouse. Say eye the one that wants to join.” They all said eye in unison.

They packed some clean clothes and went to the bathhouse. Even Liza and Gork decided to join. Zinra could not blame them, a warm bath after a long day could never go wrong. 
Montanos hadn’t changed while she was gone. People were still milling about doing their things, living their life. On some level in her heart, it bothered her. She had gone through a harrowing week, and here no one cared. No one knew or noticed. But on another part of her heart, she was glad. Whatever happened out there in the world, Montanos would be the same. It would not change. At least that is what she hoped. 
While Amarensia was paying for everyone's time, Targon stretched, she could almost hear the muscles pop. 
“Well, I'm going to the public pool, I need some space to stretch out.”
“I think il join you.” Targon nodded to Lezz and turned his head to Zinra.
“Hey, Zin wanna join us in a public pool?” She froze where she stood.
“I…rather bath alone.” She looked at them, Targon with his big smile, and something in her stomach churned. 
“Ah come on, it would be fun to all of us just sit and shit talk. It's not like we are seeing anything…”
“Targon. Drop it.” Lez stared daggers into Targon. He waved his hands in the air and made his way to the public pool. Lezz nodded at her, and she mouthed a thank you.

After the bath, she decided to do nothing else but laying down for the rest of the day. She just wanted to rest her aches away. She had closed her eye and were just taking in the sounds of the hideout, getting lost in the familiar and comforting sounds of people working. But then she heard a discording sound, as footsteps were coming her way.
“Sparkles, can I talk to you?” She opened her eye, and Targon was standing over her. His face was not his usual happy self, he looked like he was wrestling with something in his heart.
“Sure.” She sat up.
“Alone, please.” He nodded to the backdoor. Something started to coalesce in her stomach, and she didn’t like it. A kind of dread. She got up and followed him, and her legs protested. When they were outside, and far enough from the other to hear her turned to her and took a deep breath.
“I would like to apologize for earlier.” He held out the box to her.
“What is it?” The box was made of clay, and it had no ornaments on it. Targon lifted the lid of it.
“Candied lemons with cinnamon.” Her mouth watered. They were one of her favorites, her mother sometimes brought them home during market day.
“Targon it's fine, don't worry about it.” She took one of the pieces and chewed on it. 
“No, it isn’t. I stepped over the line.” He took a piece himself, and sat down on a rock, and looked over the river. She sat down next to him. They sat for a minute or two, just eating the candy and listening to the river. The knot of dread in her stomach had not gone away, but it had not grown.
“Look...” He looked down at the ground. “I want to explain something and put the cards on the table.” She stopped chewing.
“I like you, but as a friend. I prefer men. Well only prefer men really. I don’t seek anything more from you than being a friend. If you want that.” He blushed and looked away. For a moment her mind was empty, and his words were echoing around, like her brain needed to process it many times to get it. Then it finally settled, and she burst out laughing, a deep belly laughs and with it, the dread went away.
“I thought…” She could not get the words out, her laughter kept getting in the way. “I thought you were going say you loved me.” Targon looked at her for a moment like she had said she wanted to go and ride the horse again, and then joined her in the laughter. Their laughter mingled and echoed over the river for everyone to hear. 
“I had flashbacks to Teacher.” She finally got control of most of her laughter, but giggles continued to come through. “I went to a Teacher when I grew up and there was this boy there who confessed his love to me. And you just reminded me so much of him.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I wasn’t interested. Never have been.”
“In love at all or men?” He took another piece and tried not to giggle and chew at the same time. He was failing badly at it.
“Men. Just never been attracted to them. Woman and Muns for me.” 
“Hey, more for me then.” He held out his fist, and she bumped it with her hand.
“I bet there were many girls and muns there that asked you out.” 
“Not really. I was the only farmer child at Teacher, the rest of the children were from the towns. And when I was not at Teacher I spent most of my town at the farm. We had nothing to bond over besides being in the same class.”
“What about now then? Anyone you are fancying?” She was about to open her mouth when her ghost handed started to itch. Her mood that had been so happy and carefree started to sour with the itch. She remembered looking at herself in the bronze mirror. Her eye is gone, her face full of scars, and her right ear more a lump than ear anymore. Her smiled dropped.
“Even if I” She took a deep breath.”She would not be interested.” 
“They would not be interested in a cool woman who can control fire and kick anyone's ass?” He took another piece of canddied lemon.” If this person didn’t like you for that then they are a fucking idiot.”
“Targon I know what I look like. I'm hideous.” 
“No you’r not Sparkles. You got scars. That's it. Hideous and beauty are not tied to scars.”
“That is some trite bullshit a mother says.”
“Awww, thanks for thinking so highly of me.” She punched him in the sides and let out a laugh.
“Wait, so there is someone you like?” She blushed and looked over the river
“I…I don't know. But even if I did I don't think they would be interested.”
“Have you asked?” She shook her head. “You don't know if you don't ask.” 
“I don't think it is the right time to ask right now.”
“If you say so. I have to go and work. And I'm sorry, again.”
“Hey, nothing to worry about.” 
“Targon!”
“What?”
“The box, it was a gift!”
“Oh sorry.” He left the box with her, and she sat for a long while thinking things over. About her feelings.

“Group meeting now!” Amarensia got out of her room and walked to the kitchen area. Zinra was doing some small fire practice at the backdoor and came running. They all gathered around Amarensia. She looked furious.
“We have a problem. A massive one. The church has taken control of Tontanos.” 
“Wait, back up what do you mean have taken control of Tonataos?”
“As in they now control it, they rule the town. I quote” She took out a piece of paper and read aloud. “The branch of justice has taken upon itself to protect the people of Tontanos. The local government has not adequately protected our believers from crimes and heretics. We will come and establish order in the town, rejoice believers and the people of Tontanos, we will come and protect you. Justice will be served.”
No one said anything for a moment, and Zinra just let the words sink in. The church was marching in on them. She was the first to speak.
“Did the town protest?”
“No, the city council let them in with open doors. Which is not that surprising, with the whole remaking the city guards.”
“What about the people?”
“I don't know. I have not heard anything from my contacts in town.”
“So they are using the fire as the last straw to come in and take control.” Lezz had that look on his face when he was playing Chess; like he was looking at a board of pieces and trying to figure out how to move them. 
“There is more. “In light of certain events, of our people disappearing, and homes of heretics discovered in the nearby towns and homes around Tontanos, we will spread out over the entire province. Our justice will come to all. Rejoice people of the plains. Justice has come for you.”
Silence fell. Everyone was looking at Ama as she put the paper down. 
“They mean to go to war.
“So, what are we going to do boss?” She put the paper away and looked Targon in the eyes. 
“I don't know, but I will think of something. Go back to your work.” Zin was the last one to leave the kitchen. She was just confused, what was there to think about? They were going to fight them. Weren’t they? She knew she had said they were not fighters here but, this was different. Right? She got up and followed her to her room. 
Ama had left the door open, so she walked in and closed the door behind her. Ama sat at the table, leaning back looking worn thin. She was packing a pipe with something and was about to light it when Zinra closed the door. 
“How are you doing?”
“Shit. This whole week has been shit. I deal with one pile of shit and a new pile of shit to insanity has been erected.” She sat down and Ama lit her pipe and leaned back.
“What is the plan?” Ama took a deep breath from her pipe and let the smoke out in a long breath.
“I'm gonna try and find a place to hide. I still have some contact in Alconos that might be willing to host us.” 
“Run and hide?” She could not believe what she was hearing.
“Yeah, if Justice arrives here then we can’t stay. They are going to root out anything they don't like.”
“So we run away, regroup and then fight back?”
“What?” Ama stared at her with disbelieving eyes. Zinras stomach sank. 
“We are going to fight the church, right?”
“No have you gone mad?!” She leaned forward in her chair; the pipe almost fell out of her mouth. “It's the whole branch of justice that is coming! And if they find resistance, they are going to call in War. I told you we don't fight!”
“Why not? We don’t want them here and I’m pretty sure we are not the only one that feels that way. We can fight them.”
“I told you, we don't do that. I'm not risking everyone's life to go to war against something that is so much bigger than us.” A part of her understood her, she could see that she wanted her to understand. Another part of her despised her. How could she just let it happen? To roll over like this.
“You don't need her. You don't need them. They won’t give you what you want. Go and take what is yours.”
“So, you're just going to lay back and let them walk in. You are a fucking coward.” The smoke from the pipe turned black, and she smelled the wood-burning.
Amarensia put the pipe on the table unconcerned, but whatever softness that was left in her was gone.
“Get out.”
She got up with another word and left.

She went and found Targon and bullied him into a sparring session. She needed to hit something hard.
They had started training in silence, just going through the motions but she was sloppy. Her mind was not in the training, it was somewhere else, rolling around in an new anger that was growing. 
“I don't fucking get her. The church is coming to our town, and she just wants to run away like a scared dog.” They had taken a break and where drinking water and sitting on the ground.
“Ah, so that is what this is about.” He took a deep drink from his water skin and turned to her.
“Sparkles. Look at it from her perspective. She is the boss. Her job is to protect all of us. And we are no mercenary group. We are a small-time smuggling organization. We have no training, equipment, or the people to take on something as massive as the church in a war.”
“You agree with her?!” She stood up.
“I did not say that.” His voice was as smooth and calm as ever. “I said I understand where she is coming from.”
“We can’t just let them walk in Targon. We have to fight them.”
“Someone will. But not us Zinra. That is not what we do.”
“Why not?! Why do we just let them walk in?
“Because that is how Amarensia managed to keep this gang going after she took over. For about a year or two it was just her, Gork, and Liza. They had nothing and a lot of enemies. But thanks to Amarensia being smart and avoiding almost all battles and fights did she managed to start to rebuild. And she is not going to risk it all by picking a fight with one of the biggest armies in the world.
“They are just humans Targon. Humans are not that hard to kill.”
“Have you seen them fight? Like actual seen the church fight in combat?” She shook her head.
“My father did. In the war between them and the Donaris.” His eyes and voice grew distant, as he was recalling something old from the bottom of the river. “The church of war… They don't have many members compared to justice and death. But they train for one thing. War. And when they are on the field… They are clad in light leather armor to be mobile. They carry a big square shield. They have one sword and a long spear. They fight side by side, each shield covering themself and their comrade on their right. They don't laugh, talk, or anything. They go out for war. To break their lines, you need a sledgehammer which the Donarians didn’t have. And they also have war horses. Horses bread to monsters’ proportions to carry soldiers fast into war. When they come running against you… You break and run.” He let out a deep breath. “It's not justice that is the problem Zinra. We could probably take some of them on, with the help of the people in the town. But if we do that, then war comes. And we have nothing to stop them with.”
“But…” She didn’t have the words. She did understand that this would be hard. And that war was dangerous. But how did they not see that it was the only right thing to do? To stand up against them, to show them that they are not welcome, that no one wants them here. 
“You feel like we are going to just run away and let them walk over us?”
“Yes! We didn’t ask them to come here! They just decided we were bad and needed to be rescued from ourselves. They came and said these people are heretics and need to be killed because we said so! No one wanted them here. They just said we are coming.”
“Your right Zinra. And we can’t stop them.” His face was set in stone, and there was no laughter or joy in his voice. Just a sad state of fact. “The world isn’t fair Zin.” She dropped her dagger into the sand and walked off. She bumped into Liza coming out of the hideout.
She climbed to the roof and sat and watched the plains. Somewhere out there the church was marching. Out there was Renaldo. Out there was what she needed and was looking for.
“Seek them out. Show our ungrateful grandchildren the error of their ways.”
To run away from here to find them. But she liked it here. She liked Targon, Lezz and Amarensia. Leaving them all back here…
“They are cowards.” She needed to go out there. They had to burn. No one else would do it. So why didn’t she just leave then? She could just walk away right now. Because she had made friends here like she never had done before. A part of wanted to stay. But if they were just going to run and hide… 
If she did go out there, she could save people. Burn them all before they came here. But… She had friends here. She wanted to be with them. Fight with them. To ride with Targon into battle, Lezz to plan the strategies, and Amarensia by her side. Together they would be unstable. She wanted them with her in her war. She wanted to convince them that this was the right thing, the only way to do it. But if they wanted to hide then… What right did she have to stop them? To force them to come with her.

She didn’t sleep that night, she just lay rolling around in her bed, and instead got up early with the sun and watched it rise, contemplating all the things she could or should do. 
“Oh.” She hadn’t heard Amarensia walking up behind her. She was sitting against the wall, and Amarensia stood next to her packing her pipe, she planted her foot against the wall.
“Sleep well?” She turned up to look at her. It was hard to remember a time when the bags had not been under her eyes. Her hair used to shine and glitter in the sunlight, now it was matte and dull. She was worn out, stretched out tine. 
“Hmm.” She lit her pipe and took a deep breath and let the smoke out of her nose. That smell... That was not the regular smell from the herbs. 
“What are you smoking?”
“Bluegrass.” 
“You’r taking drugs?” She stood up. Amarensia took another hit from the pipe.
“I need it to stay on top.” 
“When did you sleep the last time?”
“None of your damn business.” It stung in her heart for a brief moment, and the sting turned to fuel for her anger. It felt like the anger was a constant companion to her these days, it laid and smoldered and waited for something to catch on to. Her lack of sleep didn’t help either. Amarensia was looking away, staring out over the river.
“You're not the only one that has trouble sleeping.”
“But I’m the one that carries all the burdens here.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” 
“Nothing.” She emptied her pipe and walked inside. The anger welled up even more, and all the things that usually made her stop had been worn away. A mixture of anger and concern made her follow her in. 
“Running away again. It's all we ever seem to do these days.” Amarensia didn’t stop walking but she saw her shoulders tense. The others were already up and making tea. “You're not even going to talk Ama?”
“Drop it Zinra.” There was an edge to her voice, that she had heard before. But never directed at her. It stung again, and her rage flared up.
“We are just going to walk away from the invasion of the church, and just let them walk in.”
“Zinra, fucking drop it.” Liza was making tea at the kitchen counter. “It's what we do here. We adapt and grow, we have done that from the start, trust me I was here before all of you.”
“And what do we do when they come to our new hiding place? We just run away again? We just keep running and running until we have nowhere to go? We can fight them! You told me they were your rivals. Stand up and fight them!” She hadn’t noticed her voice growing this strong and loud. Nor did she care.
“We are not going to war!” Everyone fell silent. Ama had never shouted before, and by the looks from the rest of them, it was not a common occurrence. “ We are not fighters here. We are smugglers. We don't go to war.” It is what they had agreed on that day, that felt so long ago. They had done everything they told they would do for her. And even more. She had nothing really to be angry or disappointed at.
And yet. She had hoped. Hopped that they would change. That she could make them see. But they would not come with her. And had she really expected anything else? She was the freak. The outsider they took in because her mother had known Ama’s mum long ago. Why would they follow her?
“You don't need them. Even if they came with you they would only be a hindrance. Leave them behind.” Nothing stopped her from going alone out there. She had the power to stop them. To take her revenge that was owed to her. She would not find it here. Something crystallized in her stomach.
“Fine. Then I’m leaving.” She brushed past Amarensia and went to her bed.
“Zinra wait we can talk about this lets all just calm down and have breakfast.” She was hungry and had not eaten anything. But something told her if she stopped, she might never leave. She would be dragged with them into their plans. The warmth of their friendship would not let her go. 
“What is there to talk about? I want to stop them, and you want to run away. I don't see how we are going to change that.” 
“Zinra please.” Amarensia had not moved from her spot, but all the anger had drained away from her. “I'm sorry Zinra, as Targon said we can talk about this.” 
“Ama, if she wanna go let her go.” Liza filled up her cup and drank from it. 
“What are you even going to do out there?”
“Kill them. Burn them. They are just humans. All humans burn.”
“You can’t take on the entire church by yourself!” All the anger was gone from her now, there were only concern and sorrow left. It felt like watching a heart break before her eyes. For a moment she hesitated. What was she thinking? But then she thought back. To Tonatanos. Renaldo had been there. And she had stopped her from killing him. The anger in her belly flared up, burning away any hesitation and sense of friendship. 
“I could have killed him Ama. But you stopped me. I could have taken them all in Tonatanos. I have killed them before. They burn like the rest.”
She looked out over the room. She hadn’t meant to say it, it had just slipped out of her mouth.
“When. When did you kill a priest Zinra?”
“It was you; you killed the priest from the caravan. I fucking knew it. I told you Ama!” Liza slammed her mug down on the counter. She turned to look at Amarensia. She could not tell what emotion was on her face. It was set in a stone mask, but a fragile one.
“Please tell me it is not true.” What was the point of lying anymore? 
“I did. I killed him and burned his body to ash.”
“You lied to me. I asked you, and you lied straight to my face.” There was no anger on her face. Only hurt. She could feel a thorn land in her heart. The anger subsided a bit. She should just have walked out and not let her stupid mouth run.
“I did. I'm sorry that I lied. But not that I killed him. So i will be leaving now. As you said, you can’t have liares with you.” 
“Please don't leave Zinra.” Lezz eyes were filled with tears, and she did pause for a moment. She took in his face and etched it into her mind. 
“I'm sorry Lezz. “She put down her last things and stood up. She looked around one last time at all of them. Lezz was crying and Targon was hugging him and whispering something In his ear. Liza face was just pure anger. And Amarensia. She would wonder for long after if there were tears in her eyes. The sorrow was clear as a cloudless day. 
“I'm sorry everyone.” And she turned around and left.

The monsoon rain had come, and they spent most of their days inside. They had built a little roof outside the house where Zinra spent most of her days. She had tried to stay inside but it got too much with all the walls around her all the time. At least here she could see to the horizon.
 They all loved each other but spending many days in a small space grated on everybody’s nerves. But this was not her first monsoon rain. Sometimes she went out into the rain, to cheek on the sheep or just to get some variety. Teacher didn’t do anything while it rained, so there was nowhere to go. Dad stayed home as people were expected to not travel during the rain. Most people just waited until the rain stopped, then we're grateful for all the new green grass for the sheep.
She heard the door open, and her mum walked out under the roof.
“Zin. We need to talk.”
“About what?” She sat down next to her and stared out into the rain.
“If something would happen. To me or dad, I want you to know there is somewhere you can go.” It felt like the temperature dropped by a degree.
“What do you mean happen?” Her mum smiled at her, but there was something in her eyes. Later when she was older she would recognize that smile as putting on a brave face.
“There was a bandit attack not far from here. The Mashin family was attacked.”
“Oh.” She took Zin closer and hugged her.
“I hope nothing will happen. And probably all will be just fine with us. But I want you to know I have a friend in Montanos that will take you in no matter what.”
“Are they nice?” Her mum laughed. 
“She was my best friend for a couple of years.”
“What happened?” Her mum's smile faded.
“Life I suppose. We worked together for a while, but she wanted to do one thing, and I another. We didn't become unfriends or anything just” She let the silence sit for a moment, as she was lost in the sea of memories. “…Life drifted us apart.”
“Well, I hope I never have to see her.” For a moment her mum looked at her in stunned silence, then started to laugh.
“I hope you get to at least meet her one day. With me.”
“What did you do?”
“I will tell you one day when you are older.”
They sat and watched the rain for a while. Looking for the clouds to scatter or grow lighter.






Chapter 9

The town was waking up as she walked out of the hideout. No one seemed to be following her or trying to take her back. The town went on as nothing had happened. Did they not know, or care about the church coming for them? She wanted to stand in the middle and shout at them. But what would be the point? They would just do what Ama did, hide and do nothing. No one wanted to stand and fight. She opened her coin purse. It was half full of silver pieces. Where would she go? Alcanos or Tontanos? Renaldo had been in Tontanos and might still be there. And the church was also digging its claws in there. She would start there. The silver was not enough to buy a horse, but maybe she could fetch a wagon going towards Tontanos. She bought some beanballs and dried meat and went to the edge of town going east. She could try to get on a boat going south, but she wanted to find church people. And they would be on the road. 
Someone was loading their wagon with sacks. An elderly man.
“Sir, you heading east?” The man stopped to look at her.
“Yes, but just to a tradingtown. Why do you ask?”
“May I ride with you? Im heading to Tontanos.” He looked her over, she could feel his eyes wandering over her stump and her face. She wanted to scratch her ghost hand so bad. It had been itching ever since she had left, and she had tried to ignore it but it was driving her up the wall.
“Sure. Help me load this up the best you can and then we are off. Name’s Merkus.”
“Zin.” She started to help him load the sacks. 
“Sin?”
“Zin, with a z.” They were lighter than she had expected, or all the training she had done with Targon had helped her to get stronger. She missed him already, his jokes and good humor. She could already imagine what jokes and jabs he would make about her getting stronger.
“You don't need them anymore.” 
When they got the last sack on, he climbed in the front, and they were off.
“I'm not going further than the first trade town. They say that justice is patrolling the roads further east now, checking every supply. Fucking bastards.”
“Oh.” 
“I hope you ain't no friends of them.”
“No sir I'm not.”
“Good.” That was the last thing he said before they reached the trade town. But the church was already spreading its finger to the tradetowns. That would make it easy to meet them then. Someone would be going future east, or she could walk. And when she found the church, they would burn. All of them would burn. And she had none to worry about getting hurt, telling her to stop. She was free to do whatever she wanted now. 
She looked back at the town receding behind her. A thorn of sorrow hit her and embedded itself in her heart, as she saw what her home for a while had been fading away. She was alone again, like the day Renaldo had come to her home. Maybe that is what she did best. Being alone. She closed her eye and tried to sleep. And tried not to cry.
They reached the tradetown at the end of the day. She helped Merkus to offload his goods, and they parted ways. It was a small tradetown, that had an inn and a couple of houses and nothing more. She had slept most of the way, so she was not tired. But heading off in the dark was not the best idea either. People took notice of such things, and some kind soul might come and look after her. Or she might meet some animal out there. Which she could probably scare away with her power. To much that could go wrong. Better to just stay at the inn for the evening and head out in the early morning. 
She would start with eating at the inn.
Merkus had entered before her and had taken a table at the wall steering out the window. It was not a big inn; no songs were going or storytellers binding people in their tales. Mostly it was merchants resting for the day, having a drink and food, and talking. Some were locals by the look of it. 
“Evening. What is on the meal tonight?”
“Ah well, my darling Nadya got some nice peas from a trader, so we have lamb stew.” He was strocking his mustache. “You also looking for a room?”
“Maybe, but mostly for the food.” He nodded and walked to the room behind him. She went to one of the empty tables and let her mind wander, listening to what the others were talking about. Mostly it was about trade, catching up on people who knew who, and so on. Then from the one Merkus were talking to, she heard what she was looking for.
“The fucking justice are on their way here?”
“Yeah, Minri came earlier today from the tradetown over. They are doing their caravan of grains again.”
“Here you go, miss.” She was snapped back to her table, as the innkeeper put down a big bowl of stew. It smelled amazing, and her stomach growled.
“Thank you. What do I ow you?” 
“A silver coin will do me fine.” She didn’t know if he was scamming her, but she was in no mood for haggling, so paid him and started to eat her stew.
So, they were heading this way already. But they were not traveling at night, so there was no need to head out. She could take a room here and sleep. Sleep for a couple of hours, maybe get a bath and then in the early morning get out there and meet them. She smiled. Soon she would get what she wanted, ever since Renaldo had shown up.
She finished the stew and went back to the innkeeper.
“How much for a room?”
“Silver coin, and in that is breakfast tomorrow when you want it, and a bath will be delivered to your room.”
“Perfect.” She paid and asked for the bath to be delivered now. She also asked if it was possible to get her breakfast packed up so she could take it wiht her, no problems with that either. She washed in her room. It took her back to the bathhouse in Montanos. She tried to not linger on it too much. Her ghost hand still itched, but it had faded to a dull itch at the back of her mind. She went to bed early and slept like a rock.

She got up before dawn, took her things, and went on the road. The breakfast was packed down in her bag. Some fresh bread and cheese. She would eat it later as a treat. She had made her embertube so it was fresh and tied to her side. It had taken her many tries, and she was not as fast but she could make her own embertubes now. She was all alone on the road, at the distance she could hear some animals hunting, but they were farther into the plains. There was a light breeze, taking with them the smell of the plains, that dry earth, and grass. The sun had not risen yet, but if she looked to the east she would see hints of the coming sun. She tried to keep focused on the task at hand. But her mind kept wandering back to Amarensias face when she left. She looked so sad and hurt. She had lied to her. All of them. Lezz was crying into Targons shoulders. She had hurt them. And now she paid the price for it. But this was the right thing to do. If she had stayed any longer, she would have never gotten what was hers. Vengeance against the church. She stoked her anger and pushed their faces away. She had a job to do.
After an hour after the sun had risen did she see the caravan. she saw the pomp of swagger of the wagon and the people riding it. They had set off early. They were not as many as she had thought there would be. Two wagons, and as she could see four people on horses. That would be enough. She sat down on the road and waited.
“Hey little girl, get off the road we don't wanna trample you!” The one driving the first wagon was waving at her. She took deep breaths and counted down until they were close enough.
All of them were shouting now and slowing down. She stood up and took a deep breath and raised her scarf. She let the shouts fade away and fell into her pit of anger. She focused on the flame, feeding it all her pain, hurt, and suffering, and gave it one command. Burn, until it is done. The embers from the embertube flared up and became a torrent of flame and fury. The church members scattered and the person in front tried to shout commands, to take her out. She tried to leave the horse and only focus on the men. But it was so hard, it was so tempting. The exhilaration, the excitement. The power. The fire spread and everything faded away. She was fire now. She was fury. And everything burnt. And her lord's laughter echoed in her mind.

Just as quickly as it had started, did it stop.
She was standing in the middle of the carnage, not remembering how she got here. There were lumps of charred things on the ground. It was all so quiet. What had she done? Then the sound came. Screams and whimpers. The last gasps of the dying filled her mind. And then the smell. The metallic taste, mixing with the sizzling fat, the ashes of wood. And an underlying hint of sweetness of something she could not place. How she did not throw up she would never know. She was sure there was nothing worse smelling than this.
She turned to look at the wagon with the goods, but it was ablaze. She would not get any goods from here. She was about to walk when she stumbled and fell to her knees. She was so tired, so drained. She felt sleep dragging at the corners of her mind. She could not sleep here, not now. Had to get off the road. Had to hide. She took a deep breath and stood up. One step. One step.
She had almost made it to the edge of the road when she heard a new sound. 
“What are you?” She turned to look. Someone was still alive. Here at the edge of the road lay a person. Half his skin was black, one of their eyes had burst and they were taking shallow grasp.
“What creature are you?” She stood there and looked at him. Looked at what she had done.
“I'm vengeance.” And she walked away.

She had made it twenty minutes before her legs gave away. She had focused on just walking, putting one foot in front of the other. One step. One step. Her mind was numb, and her ghost hand felt like it had been bitten by an insect. There had been a hill at the side of the road she had been fixing her eye at. The moment she got to it her legs gave away.
It was far away enough that people wouldn’t come looking for her here. At least not at first. And if they did, she would get some warning. She felt how fever was spreading, from her head down. She had gone too hard and fast, made the ember do too much.  
“You did very well my herald. You are growing so much stronger and greater.”
She put down her bag and dug into it. She took a deep glug from her waterskin and opened her breakfast sack and took a bite from the bread. Her stomach felt like she was about to be sick. She took another swig of water and took many long breaths and tried to focus on the horizon. The plains were beautiful, the orange rocks reflecting the sun into the green grass, defusing it all into a uniform color that calmed her heart somewhat. She saw patches of the bluegrass here and there. No shepherd though o which surprised her. This would have been a great place for a sheep farm. She reached into her bag again for some of the bread. She picked it up and looked at it. It was dried meat, the innkeeper must have slipped some in. The top of it was dark, like the man on the road. They all had looked like that. Smelt like that. Bile rose in her and she threw the meat away, all the dried meat she had. She tried to keep the water and food down, but her stomach had other ideas, and all of it came out. She rinsed her mouth out and lay down to sleep. Her sleep was filled with fever dreams. Burning people screaming. Towns burning. All of the world was aflame, and behind her were the faces of her friends. All of them crying, except Amarensia, who just looked sad.
She woke up to the sound of riding horses. She blinked her eye open and tried to get a bearing. The sun was going down. She had slept too long. She still felt a bit sick, but it was no more than she used to feel at her monthly bleedings. She turned and tried to spot the horse. It was only one as far as she could see, and they were slowing down at the wreckage. She had to get away. She crawled down the other side of the hill and started walking away from the road. The sound faded from the road, and the sun was sinking She walked one hour away from the road, then slowly started to turn back to it. 
The ground was filled with boulders and grass, but she was born here. This was easy nature to walk through. There would be another tradetown further along the road, where she could rest. Where she could maybe get some supplies or gossip about where the church was. But she had to rethink this. If she was going to kill them, she would need access to a grander fire. There was too little in the embertube for the fires she wanted. And this had just been a caravan. There would be more, and far bigger. There had to be a camp somewhere. And for that, she needed a grand fire. 
A gaggle of the church members coming to her home to teach them about justice. They would find no justice here. Maybe the others would welcome them in. Let them. Let them bend their backs to them. She would kill them all by herself. They would all burn. Here justice would find only fire fury and vengeance. Her lord laughed with delight at her. 

She made it to the trade station in the middle of the night. The only sound was the animals on the plains hunting, and in town there was nothing. No lanterns were lit nor candles. She made it to the inn and knocked. She tried the door, but it was locked. She banged on the door harder, but nothing happened. She could maybe kick the door in, but that would be more trouble than it was worth. She went to the side of the inn and saw the stables. There was an empty box, with straw and it looked cleaned out, but it was hard to make out in the dim moonlight. Too tired to care, and out of options she laid down. She would keep her dagger near to her, as the ember tube had gone out, and she could not see any fires nearby. She tried to keep an eye and ear open, but sleep came for her quickly. Her dreams were still haunted by her victims, the woman they had sacrificed to the lord of water, the priest. And the people in the caravan. She was running away from them all. Someone was shouting at her. The priests of justices were shouting at her to stop. They would get her and make her pay. But she had to wake up. 
“Hey!” They would not catch her. She was not done.
“Wake up hey.” Somehow, they had reached her and was stabbing her in the stomach. She sat up with her dagger outstretched, trying to see who had reached her. To her shock, it was not a priest. But a young child, poking her with the end of a stick. The child was frozen, staring at her dagger.
“Sorry.” She put the dagger down and held up her hands. She could see the child gulping and trying to put on a brave face. They were really cute.
“Why are you sleeping in our stables?” They put the stick down, let it hang by their side.
“I arrived in the middle of the night, and no one was answering the door. I was too tired to carry on, so I slept here. I'm sorry I will be on my way.” She moved to pick up her backpack, but the child held out their stick to her.
“My mother will want to speak with you.”
“I don't want to bother you; I will just leave.”
“No.” They stood there stubborn like a mule. Their stick held like a sword, commingling their soldiers to follow orders. She let out a deep sigh and smiled at them. 
“Alright. Take me to your mum.” She followed them to the inn. The little town was waking up. Merchants getting up to pack their wagons, opening their stalls for selling supplies for travelers. People dressing the horses.
As soon as they entered the child shouted for their mum. 
“Yes, dear?”
“Someone was sleeping in the stables!”
“What? Bring them here.” She followed them to the kitchen. The smell of porridge and tea hit her and made her mouth water. In front of the stow stood what she assumed was the child’s mother. A woman that almost touched the ceiling with her head and was built like a boulder.
“Mum she was sleeping in the stables, in the empty box.” The woman turned away from the put she was cooking and looked zin over. 
“The one you cleaned right?”
“Yes, mum.”
“It was very clean maam.”
“Good.” Zinra had always been told she was tall, and she did reach a head higher then most people. But this woman towerd over her.
“I'm sorry maam, I arrived in the middle of the night. I tried the door and knocking but no one was answering. I was too tired to carry on, so I sleep in the stables. I will be on my way, I'm sorry for bothering you.” The mum raised her eyebrow and looked at her.
“I'm the one who should be apologizing. I went to bed early and didn’t ask anyone to watch the door. I have my child set up a bath for you. Have you eaten anything? No, it doesn’t look like it. Go and take a bath and I will make you a bowl.” She felt something warm spread in her chest.
“No maam it's not necessary you don't.”
“My name is Mushel. Or just mum, that is what most people in town call me. Now go and get cleaned up.” She got a flashback to when she was five and had been playing outside all day, and her mum finding out. Her heart was filled with warmth and ached for the loss.
“Yes, maam.” She followed the child to one of the empty rooms where they helped her set up the bath. It felt nice to scrub off the dirt and grim. And the faint smell of ash. She also took careful steps to clean her stump. She had worn the cover too long, and the cloth and skin had gone wet and gross. She should not wear it all day, only when she was about to do something dangerous. But… she was afraid. The pain of something even just brushing up abasing the stump itself made her shudder. She never wanted to experience it again. She cleaned it off the best she could and went down for breakfast. It was porridge and cheese. She felt like she was back home for a moment. 
 The tavern had filled up with people, townsfolk came here to eat breakfast and talk. In one corner where a storyteller telling the story of Carin the well finder to a group of children. She wondered if Carin had been a herald of water. How she could find all the places to dig for well. Were all the heroes from the story’s heralds? She didn’t know anything about being a herald to another element, but Carin sounded plausible. Same with Walorin the city builder. He could have just been a herald of earth. But that was not what the stories were about. They were not stories of heralds of old. Carin’s story was about how do you find a place to dig for a well. And Walorin’s was about how you make a city prosper. You learned by hearing stories.
She turned away from the storyteller and listened to the rest of the room. No one was looking at her, but there was a big group of people talking around a table. She only heard snippets of words. “Church. Caravan. Burnt. Dead. Monster.” Were they talking about her? She got up under the pretence to go and ask for more porridge and walked past the table.
“Yes, he did die, but before that Clashis talked to him. They said that a monster sat on the road and summoned fire from nothing and killed them all.” “That is absurd, it is just bandits that put fire to the caravans.” 
“Bandits don't do that; they want to rob them.” 
“It went out of control, have you ever heard about a human that can summm.” She was too far away to hear full sentences. But she did hear one last thing. Someone at the table was talking about heralds. She was not hungry anymore.
“Thank you for the food, Mushel. What do I owe you?”
“Nothing dear, we were the ones who didn’t answer the door.”
“No, I insist.” She put two silver pieces on the table. 
“Take your coin dear, otherwise they will just gather dust on the table.” There was no arguing with that voice.
“Alright, mam. Do you know anyone heading to Tontanos today?”
“Hm, I think Kristhina is going, she should still be packing her wagons. And I don't think she will mind some company on the road. She lives at the edge of town, the last house. Can't miss it.”
“Thank you so much, may the rain bless your crops.”
“And yours as much. Take care.”
She found Kristhina quickly and she would take her to Tontanos. But she would have to sit in the back as her wife was coming with.

They set off as early as they could, and she made herself comfortable in the back. She sat and watched the world go by, digesting what they had said at the inn. She could not be identified by the sound of what they had said. But a story about her was spreading. It had not been anything she had ever expected that a story would be sung about her. A monster on the road that killed church people. If that what they were going to do then, she could not stop them. She just had to direct the story. Make sure she did the right thing. That is what she was doing. Wasn't it? She turned and looked out over the passing plains. She hadn’t had time to appreciate them as they rode so fast. Now she could.
Something had gotten into her eye. She blinked many times and closed her eye. It was still there. She rubbed her eye, but it was still there. There was a shimmer to the world. It stretched beyond her eyesight. Like something had laid a thin layer of sunlight being reflected in water over the world.
“What the fuck is going on.”
“I have granted you sight.” The fire in her mind had calmed down, from an inferno to what felt like a campfire. 
“Your eye is opening. You are seeing the world as it is.” Her eyes were watering, taking it all in.
“There is no clear boundary for elements. Fire is everywhere. Fire is in everything. What you are seeing, is the element of fire.” 
“What do you mean?”
“The world was built of earth, my siblings back. What you see now is the element of fire in everything. The greater the fire, the more it is shinning.” She focused the sacks in the wagon. They were glowing more, than the things in the shadows. Same with the rocks in the plains. Most of it was the same. Most things that were laying in the sun had more fire in them than things laying in the shadow.
“Can I see more? Can I see the other elements?”
“With time, and work.” She closed her eye and took some deep breaths and opened them again. The haze was gone.
“How do I…” There it was. It was still there but less. She had to focus on it. Like she was squinting with an invisible eye. For the next twenty minutes, she sat and experimented with her sight. Closing her eye and coming to terms with how to focus her new vision.
“Thank you, my lord.”
She spent an hour looking over the plains, trying to see if there was a pattern to fire. But it was so much to take in. So much to see. The only conclusion she could come to be that things that were in direct sunshine had more fire in them than things in shadow.
And she had just gotten this power. Was it because of the caravan she had killed that this new sight had come to her? She tried to ask her lord, but they were silent.

They traveled for two more days. While traveling she spent most of her time looking with her new sight. Watching the sunrise was a marvel. It was like watching the whole world coming back to life. The ground had gone dormant, the element of fire where in it, but it was so small. But with the sun rising, everything started to glow. She had tried to watch the sun directly but that was a mistake she had spent almost an hour keeping her eye shut. She wished she could share this sight with someone else. She wished she could make Amarensia see this. A stab of pain struck her heart like a thorn, and she buried the thought under her anger. At the mid-day of the fourth day, they made it to Tontanos.

The town was looming at the end of the road. The river had joined them on the right. It was nice to hear something else than the sounds of the plains. A few boats were going down, probably heading for the city. It looked almost the same as when they left it. The gate they had burned down was gone. Now it was just a hole in the wall. Four guards stood at it, two in two out. They stopped in front of the gate, as Kristhina talked to the guard. She jumped off the wagon. When the guard was satisfied, she went and thanked them for the travel.
They wished her a happy day and entered the city.
“What brings you to Tontanos?” She had her scarf and hood up. It was very warm but it keeps face hidden. She would be too easy to spot without it. 
“Just passing through. Looking for food and a place to sleep.” 
“Do you know anyone in the city?”
“No sir.”
“You been here before?”
“No sir.” He took a deep breath.
“Alright. There is an inn not far from the gate. It's called the prancing goat. They have room and I know the owner.”
“Thank you, sir. May the rain bless your lands.”
“Twice to you.” She nodded to him and entered.
It looked like nothing had happened in town. Like their passing through had all been a dream. She passed the storage house that she had burnt. There was activity going on inside but from the outside there where no sign of the fire. She heard people packing and moving boxes. The gate she had used was shut. As far as she could see there were no signs left that night. Did anyone talk about that night? Did anyone even remember it? Maybe all of it had just been a dream. 
There was one thing that was different tho. Not at the compound, but in the city. There were more guards out, and most of them were church members by the look of their clothes. And no one seemed to mind them. The people were just going on with their lives, ignoring the monsters walking among them. Had they all just accepted this? How could they? She felt the same kind of chaos and noise. It was like everything was too close again.
 She thought she remembered the inn the guard had talked about and decided to not go there. It was to close the center of town. There would never be any peace and quiet there. She could go to the backup hideout they had used. Money was scarce, and she would not get more of them in a long while. But people might know of that hideout by now. Or maybe other people used it now. And if they found her sleeping there, then there would be questions. People expected you to take into an inn, not to seek out abandoned houses to sleep in.
Hadn’t there been an inn closer to the river? She made her way through the streets to the docks.
 The docks were as lively as when they left. Boats loading and offloading, people talking, haggling, and… She stopped walking and stared. In front of her was a humanoid creature. Green skin with two white eyes, around two meters tall. No hair. Dressed in human clothing. It looked like they were talking with a dockworker but. They were doing hand signs. They moved so fast. It had to be a Danaris. She had only heard her mum talk about them, she had never expected to see one in person. They seemed to be arguing with a dockworker about something. There was another human with them who acted as a translator. The human did not do as smoothly or as fast as the hand signs. She knew it was rude to stare, so with great sadness, she moved on to the inn.
There was a storyteller in the corner, and the inn was full. People sitting and talking, laughing and shouting. For a moment she wonderd if she would go and look for another inn, and then concluded that all inns would probably be like this. She walked up to the innkeeper.
“Do you have any spare room mam?”
“Ya, we have a room miss. How long?”
“Two days I think.”
“Two silver a day. Breakfast is included. If you need a bath that will be half a silver.”
“Tanks you maam. “She took out the silver pieces and placed them on the table. 
“Maam, I saw that there were a lot of church members in town. Do you know where they are staying?”
“Not in town sweetheart. They are down the river. You take the east road and walk down, and they are staying near the river. Can't miss it.”
“Thank you, mam.”
Down the river. Down the river was good. Easy to find. Then again it could be bad. Starting such a massive fire near the river might cause an incident again with the lord of water. And even if it didn’t, it would be easier to stop the fire. She would have to…
What was she doing? The sound faded and she put her hand on the table to stop herself from falling. She was planning to burn to death a camp of people. Strangers she didn’t know. And planning it like it was a walk in the park. She started to breathe fast and short. What had happened to her? How did she come to this? Less than half a year ago all her worst in life were sheep-related. And maybe who she would marry. And now this. And now she was planning to kill a whole camp of people. What had happened? What would her mother think of her? Seeing her like this? She would never know because she was dead. Dead because of the church. Because of the people she was planning to kill.
“Are you alright miss?” The innkeeper had walked over to her.
“Yeah… Yeah, I'm just tired. A lot going on.” She tried to force a smile.
“Let me get you something.” She walked behind the counter. 
She took deep breaths, trying to get her heart and mind under control. You do this you save everyone. Burn this camp and the church is gone. It will be over then. The innkeeper came back with a bowl of soup.
“Here, on the house.”
“But I didn’t…”
“Hey, we take care of each other here. Now eat.” She had a feeling that arguing with innkeepers was a waste of time.
“Thank you, maam.” She sat down at the table and ate the soup. 

After eating she went on a walk. She felt restless and had not been walking as much for the last few days as she was used to. And she had to see the camp. It was easier to leave the city than enter it. She explained to the guard that she was only going on a walk and would be back before nightfall and where she was staying. The guard just nodded at her, barely listening 
The road east was heavily trafficked, and she pulled her hood up. Most people where walking, some with donkeys, some rode on wagons drawn by oxen. And church people. They stood out like a wolf in a sheep herd. They were dressed in white cloaks and robes, while everyone else dressed in muted colors. No one paid any attention to her, she was just another wanderer on the road.
It took her around an hour to see the camp. It was as she had expected, right on the side of the river, between the road and the river. No walls around them, just tents and people. Had to be around a hundred people in there. The tents were very closely packed. They looked to be made of animal skins. And there didn’t seem to be any precise order on how they were set up. It looked like it had been done in a rush.
“Lord. Would the lord of water take offense when I burn this camp?” The lord of fire was silent for a moment, but she felt their presence in her mind. The inferno was churning and thinking.
“No. Some of them might die in the river, but they won't take offense.”
“Thank you, my lord.” So that wouldn’t be a problem. But how to do it. Just walk in there in the middle of the night? Most would be asleep. Probably would be taken as an accident. But there wouldn’t be many sources to use. She would have to start her own fire. She could not burn the entire camp with just one embertube. Even if she had ten she could not burn them all. But how to get closer. Could take a boat float close, make the fire burn and float away again.
Or she could walk in the daytime when they were cooking dinner. A lot of fire to use then. But would she survive that? Maybe she could sneak in and do it but. She turned around and started to walk back.
There were two plans as far as she could see. Either burn midday when dinner was made. But that would be risky, people would probably see her, more alert, and could put out the fires. Could do it at night. Easier to hide. But not enough fire to start with. Her head churned with what would be the best and easiest way to do this. She didn’t notice when she got back to the city gates. She wished she would have someone to ask about this. Lezz would know what to do. But she left them all behind, and she was alone now. She made her back to the inn and ordered a mug of ale and some cheese and bread. The ale tasted horrid, but she needed something to take the edge of. Targon would have loved this ale. A thorn of sadness struck her heart. She missed them. She missed Targon, the training, and his bad jokes. Her long talks with Lezz and yes, even losing in chess against him. And Amarensia. She missed Amarensia. It stung. On one hand, she felt betrayed. It would have been easy to cling to that and say they left her. But deep down she knew she was the fuck up. She had lied to them. They never agreed to go as far as she wanted. They just wanted to go and live their life. She had just walked in one day, angry and sad. And she wanted to drag them down with her. And that was not fair.
Her mind returned to the last time she saw Ama. That sad face. The hurt. She wondered if she would ever see her smile again.
“This place has some really good food.” She turned and looked at who was talking. Two church people had sat down at a table near to her. Their table was filled with small bowls of different kinds of food. 
“They make so much better food here than at home that’s for sure. And everyone is so nice. I hope we can stay for a long time. I just wanna see everything.”
“Don't wish for things, they might get true.” One of them clapped the other on the shoulder. Her blood was boiling.
“True.” The other took a deep breath and stared out to the distance.
“What's the matter?”
“It's my sister. She is getting married. In her last letter, she said she was expecting a child. I'm just worried I will miss it.”
“Ahh. I'm sorry to hear that. You could ask the bishop. She is lenient in these things.”
“Maybe. But we have a job to do here. We go where justice sends us.”
“Hey man, no one will blame you if you wanna go home and be with your sister for a while. We might be followers of justice, but love is our sibling.” She could not stand to listen anymore. She asked for her room. It was a small one on the top floor facing the harbor. Her blood was still boiling, and she needed to do something. She had to calm down, and not cause a scene with her fire. She took out her knife and started to through the moves Targon had thought her. Feint, slash, parry so on. She did it until she was exhausted and just wanted to sit.
But there was a small niggle in the back of her mind. They were just people. With families. Hope and dreams. They were just like her. Like the people living here. And here she came. To kill them all.
She told herself it was not her fault they joined the church. They were the ones that came here, she is just retaliating. It was their lot. Their fault. But the thorn joined the other thorns in her heart. The smell of burning humans. The note from the woman they used as a sacrifice. The dead priest. The burning caravan. The look on her friend's faces as she left.

She laid down in bed and tried to sleep. But the sun was shining through the window, so she just watched the sunset, and tried to figure out what to do.
She went through what might happen in a daytime raid, and during a night raid. And came to one simple conclusion. She would have to do it by night. If she did it by day she would die. And that could not happen. There were too many left still. So she came up with a simple plan. Just like Lezz said, plan simply. Steal a boat preferably one of the small ones that are just moved by the current, float by, and burn them. And that's it. So simple. And she would kill a dozen of people. They deserved it. She had to do it. They were bad, she was good.
So why was it so hard to get out of bed? To just walk down to the harbor and steal a boat. It was an early night. Dawn was hours away. Now was the perfect time to do it. So why didn’t she?
It was the thorns. So many had died already to her. In horrific ways. Death to fire was horrible. And here she was about to go and do it again, on a grander scale. And then there was the two church people she had heard talking. They sounded so human. They had simple lives. And she was scared. 
If she did this. Who would she be at the end? A person? No. She would become that monster they talked about. She would become a thing that just walks around burning people. Would she be okay with that? To become that. 
“They killed your family.” They killed Mum. Dad. And her younger sibling. Their screams, she could still hear them. She sat up from the bed. They had to die. All of them. She wouldn’t let another family die for the simple reason of following their traditions. No one saw her leave the inn that night.
She made her way to the harbor. It was so different at night. No one was out haggling and bargaining. It was just silent. The only sound was the river, and the boats bumping against each other. She could not see a person about, not even a guard. She looked with her fire visions. There were some flames here and there. Candles probably. But nothing that moved. She walked past the grand merchant boats, to the end of the harbor. She found a little boat, it had only oars and no sails. She had seen them go before. They just followed the stream going down, and you steered with the oars. Lucky for her she just needed to get in, and she would be where she needed to be. She jumped in and let the rope loose, and let the current take her down.
The boat went gently down the river, as the town faded away behind her. She could not see any moment behind her nor in front of her. The sides of the river were silent and empty, and the sky was cloudless and filled with stars.
Her mum had shown her the constellations. How to find the first star that always pointed to the east. She sat down and waited. That was all she could do now. Wait until the camp was there.

Zinra and her mum were sitting outside. It was a late summer day, and the sun had just set beyond the horizon, and they were watching the stars appear. They were waiting for dad to come home. He would arrive in the evening.
“Look Zi.” Her mum pointed to the stars.
“That is the first star. It was the first star to appear. They say that it hangs over the place where humans were born from nature. It hangs there so we can always find our way back home.”
“To where?”
“To where we came from.”
“Where did we come from?” Her mum smiled at her.
“I don't know Zi. I don't even know if that story is true. What I know is that with that star, you will always know where east is. And if you know that, you can navigate at night. And it is always good to know that, even if the legend is not true.” She pointed at another star.
“Do you see those three stars in a triangle there?” She nodded. She was transfixed by the night sky.
“They say that those three were put there when the goat people came here.”
“Does it also point where they came from?”
“No, they say that they were here when humans got here. They say that one of their people climbed the first mountain, which was the highest mountain in the world, and it reached all the way to the sky. When they reached the top, they placed three jewels in the sky. As a showing of their courage, and so that they would always remember them. But when they climbed down the mountain, they fell and their falling shattered the mountains, and that is where the mountain range came from.” Zinra stared at her for a moment, digesting everything she had heard.
“Are mountains that fragile?” Her mother laughed and ruffled her hair.
“No. They are as hard as rocks.” She looked back at the first star.
“What lies in the east mum?” Her mum picked up a stick and drew a circle. In the west, she made a dot.
“Here we are. In the south lays the vast forest of the Danaris.” She drew a half-circle in the bottom of the circle “In the north are mountains, filled with the goat people. They look like us but have goat legs and goat heads. South of them is the borderlands, which live in their pine forest. They even eat trees there. Beyond them and the mountains, are humans who live in the cold and snow. In the middle of the world goes a river from the mountain to the forest and splits off to us.” She drew a line in the middle, and a line to the west, that went In a circle, and back to the main river. ” There is the empire of the church in the middle. To the east of them are the desolate lands. Where nothing grows or lives, all is grey.” 
“Why is that?”
“They say that around a hundred years ago a rock fell from the sky, and killed everyone that lived there. It also poisoned the lands. All is grey there. And to the east of them is an archipelago.”
“What is that?”
“A collection of islands. No one knows how many islands there are there, some say 1000s, some say 100000. Their people don't have horses or donkeys. They use boats to travel from isle to isle. “ 
“And what lies to the east of them?”
“They say that to the east lays another world, bigger than ours. There they have half people half horses, and a lizard with wings that can breathe fire from their mouths.”
“Is that where humans came from?” 
“I don't know darling.” She smiled at her and ruffled her hair again. I think I see your father coming.”
That night she dreamt she was a bird, that flew over all the lands to see. She saw the mountains in the north and beyond them the snowy hills, where the goat people lived. Between them and her home were the people of the borderlands, who lived in the hills, the pine forests, and the early mountains. She saw the grand river going from the mountains, going down to the midlands. She saw tiny ships sailing on it, and fields and fields of endless greens. She followed the river as it came into the land of the Danaris. An endless forest spread out before here, all made out of different beautiful trees. The forest ended and she came to the desolate lands. A place where nothing grew, nothing lived. But beyond that where the archipelago. Like a chain of endless dots, the island spread out from the land. Going around and around. And she flew past them, out to the sea. What would be out there, beyond all of this? She flew till she woke up.






Chapter 10

There it was. The camp was growing in front of her. She could barely see anything. Only the tops tents sticking out against the night sky. Was there even a flame in the camp at this night? She focused her eye to look for the glow of the fire. There were a few spots here and there. Candles and lanterns most likely. There were some bigger ones tho. One or two. Probably someone making tea at night. And they were spread out all over the camp. A cold calculating calm stilled her heart.
This could work. It would be hard but doable. She could get an even spread of the fire this way. She just had to focus on each fire one at a time, feed it quickly and then do the next. If she did it right, she would get the camp to burn all over. And she would burn them all. The image of the caravan and the burnt people jumped to her mind. She pushed it away and throw it into the anger.
There were some sounds from the camp. She thought she heard somebody talking, maybe a clang of cups. But the sound of the lapping river drowned out anything else. The wind was still. It felt like the world was holding its breath, watching and waiting on what she would do.
“Burn them all.” She stood up in the boat and it wobbled under her. She took a deep breath to steady her mind. This would all be over soon. She just needed to get close enough, spread the fire and it would all be over, and she could just continue glid down the river away from it all. Leave all of this behind her and go to the next camp. And the next. Until all the camps in the plains were gone. Where would she go after that? To the church homeland and burn it all down. What would she be after that?
She was almost there and… Someone was standing at the river's shore. Was it an animal? It looked like it was bent down and with its head to the river. No, no animal. It was a human, probably a guard. They had come down to the river to wash something it looked like. But it didn’t matter. They would all be dead soon. She was about to spread the fire when the person looked up at her.
It was a woman. A young woman, with silver hair. They locked eyes with each other. For a moment she saw double. There was the woman on the river's edge. And Amarensia was there, in the same place. What was Amarensia doing here? Had they infiltrated the camp… No. She just looked like her.
“What are you waiting for? Do it. Burn them all.” Time felt like it has stopped. The woman didn’t move nor did she. They were gliding away from each other.
“Burn them! They deserve to burn!” The lord's voice felt like an inferno of hatred. She felt the anger welling out of them. Towards her. But she was transfixed on the woman on the shore. She raised her stump. The woman on the shore looked a bit confused at her for a moment. Then she smiled and waved at her. 
Something broke in her. Something snapped. Maybe all the thorns in her heart had dug deep enough, to for a crack and break something.
“I can't do it.”
“I am your lord! You are my herald and I command you to burn them!” She sat down in the boat. The camp resided from her sight. The woman on the shore shook her head and went back into the camp.
“No.” The boat continued on the way downstream. 
“You useless human! I grant you the power for revenge and you don't use it!”
“I'm sorry.”
“Save your useless tears. You are a waste of a herald.” She started to cry. She couldn't do it. She was useless. As useless as the day when Renaldo came. All the things she had pushed away came fourth. The guilt from the wagon burning. The hurt she had inflicted on her friends, who would never want to see her again. She didn't want to turn into that monster in her mind. And still, she felt guilty that she hadn’t done the deed. Mum, dad, and her sibling would not be avenged, all because she could not do this one thing. And her lord hated her. Everyone hated her. The tears were flowing freely. She hugged herself. She felt so alone and useless. 
The boat drifted down the river, and she cried herself to sleep.

 She didn’t sleep well. It was not the fever dreams of over-exhausting herself with fire that kept her up. These were just dreams of grief and sadness. She dreamt of a fire dying. People walking away. People shouting for help, and she could not do anything. She was trapped, and useless. And they keep yelling at her. Someone was yelling at her to wake up. Miss are you lost?
“Miss, are you okay?” She opened her eye. The sun had risen, but the boat seemed to have stopped moving. She sat up and saw that it had beached itself on the side of the river. The shouting came from a woman up on the beach. A goat herder by the looks of it. She was old, her back was bent, she had a big straw hat on her head, and she was surrounded by goats.
“I'm alright. Thank you, mam.”
“Well, that is good to hear. Where are you going?” 
“Downstream mam, just stopped here to take a nap.”
“A mighty fine lie that is. I came down here to see the boat crashing into the shore. And then you were sleeping there in it. Is the boat even yours?”
“Yes.”
“I highly doubt that. No self-respecting river folk would fall asleep and crash into the shore.” Zinras face turned red.
“I’m...” Her mind scrambled to latch onto anything. “I'm just borrowing it.”
“I see.” The goat herder just looked at her for a moment. “Have you eaten anything? Come out of there and have dinner with me. Just secure the boat.”
What would she do? She looked down the river. She could just get unstuck and drift downstream until she came to the grand river. And then what? Just drift forever. She got out and with some difficulties managed to get the boat higher of the river. She was grateful for the sand.
As she walked up the slope, she saw the woman’s home. It was a small one, it was more of a shack than a house. Next to it was a well and a small enclosure for the goats. The house was surrounded by grass, there was a small tree near the river's shore, and there was a small road going away from the house which she presumed went to the main road. The goats seemed to be the only animals she had.
She followed her to her house and was offered a place to sit. She poured up some tea and put bread on the table with some goat chess. Zinra didn’t say anything, just watched the woman work. She didn’t want to think or talk really. But her stomach growled at the smell of bread and cheese.
“What is your name girl?”
“Zinra. And you?”
“Clarise. Now tell me honestly. Where are you going?” She was about to tell her some lie about where she had come from and where she was going but… Maybe yesterday she would have managed it. But that was the point. What could she accomplice by lying about this? Lying had gotten her to this point. She felt like the last few days she had just been lying to herself.
“I don't know.”
“So, you stole a boat and just drifted down streams?” She nodded.
“Sounds like something I would do when I was young. Where are you from?”
“West of Montanos. We were sheep farmers.” It felt nice to talk with someone else for a change. Someone who would listen, and to someone she didn’t have to lie to anymore.
“What happened?”
“The church came one day. Accused mum of spreading heresy about the world, that she was corrupting her children. Dad was…” Her breath shuddered for a moment. Clarise said nothing, just kept watching her over her mug of water.” Dad was the one that talked to the church. He believed in their teachings. I think he just wanted them to come and talk to her. And they decided to kill us all. I was the only one that survived.”
“I'm sorry to hear that child. Is that where you lost your hand?”
“And eye.” She pulled down her hood and showed her the scared side of her head. To her relief, Clarise didn’t react. She just looked at her, taking in her face.
“You're not the first person who has lost people to the church. I used to live here with my wife. And we had a child. A son, his name was Eric. He grew up here but he wanted to see more. To be more than a goat herder. So one day he packed his bags and traveled east to join the church. I don't know if he ever believed their teachings of the world, about the gods being first. But he jumped on a boat and sailed east. And he joined the dead branch. He sent messages as often as he could, or some small gifts.” She nodded to a shelf filled with trinkets and stones. 
“Then one day a letter came. He had never written a full letter before, so we knew it was serious. He explained what he was told to do one day, and what he refused to do. His group of priests had visited an old person in the field who was close to death. They were too old to do much of anything, so they had asked the church to dig a hole for them, so they could be buried there. My son explained that they had agreed to do that, and when the person died, the other priests decided to burn him. My son was outraged. But the other members explained that they had to burn him. That is how the god of death gets their soul or something like that. Whatever that is. But he wanted to be buried, like the old ways. To be buried, and then with time join with nature and the elements again. He argued that the old person had every right to die how they wanted.” She took a sip from her tea. 
“Not long after a priest came to visit us. Told us our son had died in duty to the god of death. But we know better. He had been branded a heretic and killed.”
“I'm so sorry.”
“Thank you. Sorry for just babbling like an old fool. Just been a long time since I had someone else to talk to besides the goats.”
“Thank you for the tea and food.” She put the empty cup down.
“What are you going to do now?”
“I… I don't know.”
“What were you doing before this?”
“Vengeance. But I was a coward.”
“Against whom?”
“The church.”
“Ah. Of course. And how may I ask how you were vengecing against them?”
“I'm a herald of fire.” What was the point anymore of dancing around it? She just wanted to lay it all on the table.
“Oh? Now really?”
“You…You know about heralds?”
“My wife was a herald of water. Show me.” It struck something deep in her. Here was someone who had known another herald. Maybe she was not as alone as she thought. She looked around the room and saw there was a bit of fire left in the stow. She focused on the flame.
Nothing. The ember was still there but there was no glow, no smoke no heat. It had gone out. Her powers were gone.
“I don't… Why won't…” Then she heard mocking laughter in her mind.
“Having trouble my dear?” She had an amused smile on her face.
“Why won't…” She tried to use her vision to see the element, but nothing happened.
“Did you do something to piss of your lord?”
“I might have…” Clarise laughed.
“Happened to my wife. Everyone thinks water is calm and nice. The lord of water is needy and wants a lot of small things. Miss dothis, now that. Over and over. Then they got pissed when you didn’t and then they wouldn’t listen for a while. Then she would do something they wanted, and her power returned.”
“The lord of fire just wants to burn stuff. But…” 
“Like the church?”
“Yeah. Calls them ungrateful grandchildren.”
“Hah. I like them. Your powers will return sooner or later. Don't worry about it.” She put the tea down.
“Your wife was a herald of water. Does she know much about the elements?”
“She did… But after our son died. Something broke in her and…” A forlorn and sad look passed over her face as she looked over the room, to her bed. She saw that it had been a double bed. “It has just been me here for the last few years.”
“I'm sorry.”
“Thank you. I gather you became a herald almost by accident?”
“You can say that.” She didn’t want to linger on that memory.
“I have an idea. You look tired and worn thin. Stay with me for a couple of days. Help around the house and the goats. They are not that different from herding sheep. And when your lord has come around and granted your powers back you may go wherever you want.” Zinra looked at her. She didn’t want to impose on her but… Where else could she go? The gang wouldn’t want her. And she could not deal with the church. If she stayed here, she would at-lest not be useless. She could do some good here.
“Deal.”

After they ate Clarise showed her the goat pen and gave her some chores to do. She did her chores, feeding and watering the goats, or doing it the best she could. Clarise had been right in that it was mostly like feeding the sheep. But back then she had two hands and had known the sheep since they were young. Most of the goats didn’t mind her, but some didn't listen to her. But it didn’t bother her. It was all part of herding animals. She felt nostalgic as she worked. When the sun hit the zenith, they went and sat under the shade of the house.
“May I ask you something?”
“Ask away.”
“Your wife. How did she…”
“Become a herald of water?” She sat up higher in the chair. “It was around thirty years ago. At the end of the famine. My wife was living in a town down the river from here and one day at the start of the monsoon rains she went down to the river one day to look at the fish traps. She gathered that she could probably deal with them before the rain came. She had always loved the river and played in it. But as soon as she was in the river the monsoon came, and the river started to surge. Mumma monsoon came hard that year, and in her eagerness to get away she got stuck. A rock fell on her leg and she was pinned. And the floodwater started to rush in. When she was almost about to drown she heard a voice in her head.” She tapped the side of her head.” “The lord of water gave her an offer. Serve me, and I will save you. Scared and out of breath she agreed. Then the water came in in a massive rush. It made her tumble over and break her foot and she got to lose. Her feet never recovered after that, always walking with a limp.” She nodded to a stick that was leaning against the door.
“That is awful.”
“The lords are not nice. They don't concern themself with nice, right, and wrong. To them, we are just the children of nature, grandchildren to them, and from time to time one of us reaches out to them. We give them something, and they grant us a small portion of their strength.”
“What could she do?”
“All kinds of weird shit. She could always find water, talk to the river and make it calm. Not summon rain but make it gentle or hard. And throw water at people. She never trained with it so to say. Just tested it out.”
“What did she have to do for the lord?”
“Sometimes she had to go to the river and move some rocks. Go and talk with some people fishing in the wrong spot. Go and dam up a well. She didn’t know why, her lord just told her to do it. It was probably part of some grand plan, but they never told her what it was.”
“Did she ever meet anyone like her? A herald?”
“Once. We meet a herald of earth. Or at least I think we did. It was not a long meeting; we went past each other. But she stood there and looked at the man for a long while. She swore he was a herald.”
“How could she tell?” She lifted her shoulders.
“She tried to explain but I don't know. She just said it felt like it. Something about seeing someone you have missed for a long while. Like seeing a long-lost sibling.”
“Are there many of us out there?” She was silent for a while, as they listened to the goats eating and talking to themself. The river flowing gently down.
“It's hard to say. There used to be more. My grandmother used to talk about how almost every Rivertown had a water herald. But I have not seen a harbor master being a water herald. I know that the borderlands up north are more inclined to the lord of earth. But I don't know if they are heralds. “
“What happened? If there used to be more…”
“Times change. Maybe the lords got tired of us and just makes herald now when they are bored. And the church didn’t help. When they got big they started to preach their story. In their story heralds of the elemental lords don't fit in. If people don't know you can be one, how can you be one?”
“It feels like everyone kinda just forgot about us.” She looked down at her hand.
“People remember what they want to remember. Regular heralds might have been forgotten. Water heralds that were just kind and good are remembered for being a harbormaster. They are remembered, not for their water skills but kind hearts. And the heralds that did great things, well they become songs and tales. Take the story of Giret the brave. You remember how he spent that week out in the plains looking for his sheep and gathering them in? I'm pretty sure he was a herald of air.”
“Why air?”
“Think about it. He could hear really well. His voice could be carried far of. And when needed he could be silent like a stalking cat. Makes sense when you think about it.”
“So when he rode off to fight the bandits.”
“You mean his arrows?” She nodded. “How they sailed through the air and always found their target. His lord guided the arrows to their spot. But the stories don't mention that he was a herald of air. Probably because in his time they didn’t need to. Everyone knew. But stories change, things fall off. And all we remember is their great deeds, without the tools they had to do them with.” Zinra was quiet for a while. Letting it all sink in. She had thought the same things. Those people in the stories were probably heralds. But something didn’t sit right with her. It felt like something was wrong. Like something was out there making people forget. But how could that be?
“So, there might be someone else like me out there.”
“Probably. There is probably some old fool out there hiding that they are heralds and know the true nature of the lords. If you go looking you can probably find them.”
They sat in silence until they got back to work.

“So why did you leave Montanos?” Zinra was watching the goats roam the field of grass eating their dinner as Clarise walked up next to her.
“I… I after the priest came and burnt my home down, I went to Montanos. Mum said she had an old friend who would take me in if anything happened. I didn’t have friends nearby; my father was an only child, and I don't know if my mother had any siblings. They never talked about their parents, so I don't know if they are alive. When I reached Montanos I found out that the friend, Ansia was her name, had died. But her daughter was there to take me in. They are running a smuggling operation.”
“I have been housing a criminal all this time?” She had taken out a pipe and packing it. Her face showed nothing, and for a moment her heart stopped. She was going to be kicked out again. “I'm just fucking with you.” She flashed her a smile. Zinra smiled back.
“They gave me a bed and food, trained me in combat, and helped me train and understand my powers. But I wanted to go after the church. Make them pay for what they had done. But they didn’t want to do it, they were not mercenaries, just a small smuggling gang… and...” She lowered her head and looked at her hand.
“What happened?”
“First I fucked up. I killed a priest in town.”
“Shit.”
“Yeah. Shit. I didn’t mean to it was just… He was there and I knew who he was. He was there when my family died…” She looked over the plains, far away. “I think he had been drinking and were walking down the ally looking for something. A sex worker I think. And…”
“You killed him there and then?”
“It was all just so quick I… I don't remember much from that evening. But I killed him and burnt the body. And I didn’t tell anyone.”
“Do you regret it?”
“That I lied?”
“No, the killing.”
“I…” Did she regret it? She had never spent much time on it. It was not like she could change it. The dead was done, and he was dead. 
“I don’t enjoy killing. But he deserved to die.”
“So, you don't regret it?” She lit the pipe and looked at her with a question on her face. 
“No. I don't think so.”
“Then that is one of the easiest answers I have heard about killing a human being.”
“He deserved to die.” She felt the old anger flaring up again. “He watched my family burn to death and did nothing. A person like that… “
“What happened after that?”
“We did a job in Tonatanos, that went shit up. We manage to escape back to Montanos but…”
“But?”
“After that is when the church decided to come to the region in full force. They said they would come to Montanos, after they had fully established themselves in Tonatanos. We argued what we would do. I wanted to fight them and… And I told them my lie. About the priest I killed.” She dragged her legs up to her chest. “After that, they didn’t want me there anymore. We were not compatible. I could not just stay there and let them walk in. I wanted to fight them, and they wanted to run away. So I left.”
Clarise took a deep breath from her pipe and just watched the goats. She was mulling something over in her mind. Zinra watched the cloud. It felt like she was lighter somehow. Like it had been a burden on her shoulders for a while and now it was gone. Telling her about everything had been nice.
“Well, you fucked up, but I can't say I blame you. You know you should have told them, right?” It stung in her heart, but she knew she was right.
“I know.”
“Well, that is good. Do you miss them?”
“I do. I miss playing chess with Lezz.” Something burst inside of her, and it all came pouring out. She talked about Targon, about his laughs and jokes. How good he was with any weapon and also how insufferable he was. How smart Lezz was and all the things he knew and could outthink anything. And Amarensia. Who always had a plan and an idea? Who acted so above it all but cared about everyone, and wanted to help? A tear weld up in her eye.
“They sound like good people.” Clarisa stood up and dusted off her skirt. “Are you going to go back to them?” 
“They don't want me. Not now when I'm useless.”
“You think very little of your friends.” And she walked back to the house. 

The days went by. Zinra took care of the goats and did some other chores around the house. There was no stress here, no time that needed to be kept. All things were done in their own time. It felt nice to not have a goal or something that needed to be done this minute. She could just spend hours with the goats and let her mind wander. To her childhood, and her time with the gang. One evening when Clarise had to go to bed early she had climbed up on the roof to think and watch the stars. She couldn’t stay here forever but a part of her wanted to. To be here with Clarise felt like being home again. It had filled a hole in her heart. A hole that had been burnt into her heart that day. A hole that the gang had filled before all of this. And then she had ripped that hole wide open again. But if she stayed here… then what? 
Stay here even after Clarise died? Stay here until she also got old? Stay while the church ran through every town? She couldn’t do that. So where would she go? One half of her heart wanted to go back to Tonatanos and see what she could do to undermine the church. Not mass slaughter but there were probably other things she could do to hinder them. Burn goods, sabotage their efforts. Maybe meet someone else that was willing to help her. It would be something to do. 
But the other half of her heart… She missed her friends. She wanted to see them again. But she didn’t know if they wanted to see her ever again. She had lied to them, and through her actions brought the church's attention to the region. They had to change so much just to work around her. If she went back, and if they wanted her back, she would still be a herald of fire. And all the dangers that entail. She could not burden them with that. She could not burden them with herself again. Going back to them was out of the question. She would stay here.

It was on the fourth day that they got a visitor. Zinra were dragging up water from the well when she saw a group of a rider coming towards them. It would not have been so bad until she saw that they were riding in white. She took the bucket to the house.
“Clarise!”
“What?”
“We have visitors, I think it is the church.”
“Piss water.” She had been sleeping in her bed for an afternoon rest. She stumbled to the door and watched the approaching horses.
“I think it is best if you stay inside. I think they just wanna talk to an old lady but… keep your dagger close. “She nodded and went inside. There was a gap in the wall she could watch them. Clarise stood in front of her house like a rock, just watching them. There were four people on horses on what she could count. The first one dismounted, a tall woman, with her silver hair tied back into a braid at the back. She recognized her. She was the one that been standing on the shore that night.
“Blessed is your house.” 
“What can I do for you?”
“We are going to all the farmhouses around town, see if they need help. We are from the branch of justice.” She looked over at the house, and for a brief moment, she was sure that she had seen her. She could have sworn that her eyes stopped at the gap in the wall. Her heart stopped, and her mind was giving her Deja Vu. But the priest seemed to not notice her and went back to looking at Claris. “I see that your house might need some repairs.”
“That won't be needed. I have been living fine here. You can go along.”
“It would not feel right to leave you here on your own. Can we at least stay over a cup of tea, and talk about the gods?”
“Tonatanos is not that far away, same with your camp. I have also heard much of your talks over the years. Unless they have changed recently, I don't think we have much to talk about. I would like to go back to bed now. You woke me from the day nap.” They stared at each other for a moment, the priest looking over Clarise, searching her face for something. 
“Very well. But if you need anything, you can always come to us.” She got on her horse, and they rode off. Clarise walked back into the house.
“Do they come here often?” She spoke her head.
“First time I ever have seen them here at my house. Things are changing out there.” Zinra went outside to the goats to tend them. 
-
A week after she had come to Clarise homes they went to the river. Clarisse had told her that once a week a trader passed by where she could get some of her perishable foods.
A long trading vessel docked nearby the boat Zinra had stolen, but the man didn’t seem to take notice of it.
“Hello Clarise, what can I get you this time?”
“The usual, you know that.”
“You sure, I have some great lentils from upstream.” He held up a sack.
“They give me gas. And I don’t think my friend wants me to fart all day.” She turned to look at her. She could not help but smile at that. 
He laughed and they traded their goods. She got a new pack of flour and some species, and he got another goatskin.
“So, any news from the world?” The man turned and looked back at Tonatanos.
“The church is putting their fingers into everything now. They got into the mayor's head so much that they now control who enters and leave. They started making this.” He took out a small copper disk, with the symbol of justice on it.
“You need this to enter. If you don't have it then you need to know someone in town who can vouch for you.”
“Why?”
“I don't know mam. They say it's something about justice. To make it safe and just for the city people. There was a caravan that had been attacked and set on fire, and they don't want it to happen again. Trade has taken a toll also. They tried to make the coins mandatory for the river people, but they haven't managed yet. But that might just be a matter of time. They also tax us hard now. Doubled from what the town used to take.” He let out a deep breath.” I guess that new guards are expensive but…” He just shook his head.
“Well, that fucking sucks. Anything else?
“They have been cracking down even harder in other towns. Like in Montanos they have instituted a curfew and called in the inquisition.” Zinra froze as she lifted the sack of flour, almost dropping it on the ground.
“They sent them there. Why?”
“I don't know mam. Must be some hive of heresy there if they send the inquisition there. Altanos seems to be doing fine tho.” They talked more but she wasn't listening anymore. How could have things gotten so bad so quickly? And somehow, she felt like all of this was her fault. The rest of the day passed in a haze, her mind swirling with what was happening in Montanos.
When they sat down for dinner, she didn’t eat, she just looked at her food.
“You have hardly eaten, what has gotten into you.”
“What is the inquisition?”
“Ah. I don't know too much about them I'm afraid. Only what my son told me. They are the most fanatic branch of the church. They belong to justice but are the most devoted of them all. They seek heretics of the church. People who are conspiring against them or preaching false truths. Mostly they stay inside their own borders but… But it seems that they have started to spread out. My son also said that they are one of the few that can call on the god's powers.” Zinra raised her eyebrow.
“What does that mean?”
“I don't know. I don't think he ever saw one in action, only said what he had heard rumors about them. But they were the ones that could call upon their gods to give them strength.” A chill went over Zinras spine. If they could call upon their god's powers, then that meant the gods were real. Didn’t it? And now they were in Montanos.
“You worried about them?” She looked up at her. Clarise face held a question on her face, and concern was hidden underneath.
“I do.”
“Well. What are you going to do about it?”
“There is nothing I can do.” She felt her stomach twist inside of her, in a ball of guilt and worry.
“You can try. It's all anyone can ask.”
“They don't want me back. I left and they are better of without me.”
“I don't believe that. Things sound bad there now. I think they would love some help.”
“What can I do to help? I'm just a one-handed freak who lost her powers.” She looked down at her food and felt how the world had become dim and dark. 
“Stop that. Stop with your fucking self-pity.” Her words cut through the mist for a moment, and she looked up.
“So, you made a mistake. Everyone makes mistakes every day. You had one argument. Big deal. And you pissed off your lord. Everyone does that. Your powers will come back to you.” There was anger on her face. “You have the chance, and power to help your friends. So go and do it.” The knot in her stomach got worse, but deep down she knew she was right. She had deluded herself that she could just stay here, and not go back to her friends.
“Your right. I have to leave.”
“Eat first. You have a long way to go.” She shone her a smile, and they eat their dinner. Afterward, they packed her bags. The sun was about to set when they were done.
“I'm scared Clarise.”
“That's good.”
“In what way is it good to be scared?”
“It keeps you on your toes. It makes sure you are alert. And above all, human.” She shone her another smile. “Go now, you have a long way ahead of you.” They hugged, said farewell, and Zinra hit the roads.






Chapter 11

The trader had not lied when he said that the town was locked down. The guards were dressed in church clothes with insignias draped all over them. They didn’t even look like the guards that had been stationed there before. She didn’t even bother trying to get in. She walked past them back on the road to Montanos. She walked until she reached the first trading town in the morning. She had been walking all night. To keep herself awake she had been trying to use her sight. But to no avail. It didn’t feel like it was gone. Earlier it felt like the ember was dead like something had poured water on it. Now it felt like was dried out but, she didn’t know how to light it. 
She slept at the inn, and in the morning, she managed to catch a wagon that was going her way and she spent the day sleeping on the back of it. At the second tradetown she spent the evening trying to control the fire. But it was the same thing there. There was still something back there in her mind. That small ember laid smoldering. But no matter how much she blew on it and feed it, it wouldn’t spark to a flame. 
She spent the night at a tradetown sleeping in an inn and in the morning started to walk.

The sun was about to set when she reached Montanos. She had been walking since the last trade town. Her feet ached, she was thirsty and hungry. And she had a feeling she would not get to rest or eat for a while yet. It looked the same from the outside. But there were guards’ station at the major roads in and out. And they were dressed the same as the guards in Tontanos. And there was something else that was wrong, but she couldn’t put her finger on it. She ignored the guard, just kept looking forward, and went on the road that went around the town. There had been a place Targon had shown her where she could enter the town without being seen. That was the beauty of towns with no walls. Harder to protect, easier to get in. It was in the middle of the long-shaped town, and it didn’t look like anyone what there. She walked forward, keeping her eye and ears open for anything. She passed between the alleys and was in. She started to make her way to the city center.
That is when it struck her. The town was silent. There was no talking, arguing, or music from an inn. No haggling in the late-night markets. It sounded like a dead town. A lump started to form in her stomach, and she continued walking towards the center. She doubled-checked every corner, listening for any kind of sound. It was so quiet she could probably hear the rats scurry around.
“Attention! A reminder that curfew has started. You must stay inside while the sun is down. Heretics are still in the town. This is for your own safety!” The shout broke through the silence like an arrow. But it didn’t sound close. That had come from the city center. She made her way to the center, and found an alley where she could hide, but still see it all.
They had changed the platform in the center of the town. An older man was standing there surrounded by guards. The man was dressed in the white robes of the church, and his guards the same. He looked different than the other church members. His robes were more ornate, there were gold trims on the edges, and symbols adorned it. And behind him were wooden spikes with heads on them. Anger and disgust joined the lump in her stomach, to form a ball of despair. Was this what the church did to their enemies? This was justice? Most of them she didn’t recognize but one of them stood out. The old man that had taken her in when she first came here, Sabastus. What was going on here? Why had they gone after him? He had been a follower of the church as far as she could tell. But they said they were looking for heretics. How was he a heretic? Had he been killed because he had known her and helped her. The lump in her stomach grew heavier. Maybe he had confessed that he had helped her, a heretic. Another dead person by her actions. She had to get to their house. She inched back into the alley and started making her way to the hideout. She had to stop and hide; guards were patrolling the streets. She wanted to hurry and just run there. She needed to know what had happened. It took her almost an hour to reach the hideout.
It was still intact and standing, but the doors were wide open. And it was quiet. When she was sure there were no guards around, she ran to the hideout. The kitchen where still there, the beds and everything. But there were no people. There was a fine layer of dust on the kitchen, and some of the food had spoiled. Where was everybody? She walked to the sleeping beds when she saw the chessboard, she and Lezz used to play on. It had been knocked over. A wave of sadness hit her, that then turned to worry. Had they been taken? Lezz would not leave his board behind. The church had already taken them. She sat down. She was too late. She had been as useless as on the day of her parent's death. She closed her eye and let out a sob.
Except… The heads. There had been no sign of them on the platform. The image of the heads was burned into her mind, and they were not there. Maybe they had already been taken to Tonatanos. Expect. She opened her eye and looked over the place again. she turned her head slowly, taking in all the little details getting her first clear look at the place. There were no signs of struggles. It was like they had just disappeared. Or ran away. Of course, they had. Like Amarensia didn’t know when the church came and have a hundred plans on what to do. She smiled at the thought. She stood up. They had run away and hidden, just like they said they would. Except. It had not been planned. The chessboard was still here. They had not known the church was coming this soon. She bit her pointy finger. So where had they gone? Maybe there were some clues in Amarenias room. 
The door was open, and when she walked in, she was taken back by the smell. Her smell still lingered. If she closed her eye, she could imagine that she was still here. That lovely smell of Lavander water she put in her hair. But she was not here. The desk was empty. There were fewer things on the shelf than she remembered. She had probably packed in a hurry and then ran. There was no map on the table but… She picked up the ring that was there. Amarensias ring. She never went anywhere without it. So where could they be? 
The dust didn’t look that deep, and untouched. They wouldn’t have enough time to pack for a long trip. But hiding in town would be too risky. So where could they…
The cave. They had to be in the cave. She put the ring in her pocket, and packed down the chessboard with the pieces, and went out the back door, down towards the cave. 

When she left town, the sun had fully settled, and the stars had come out. She was walking beside the river, watching over her shoulder from time to time making sure she was not followed. Her heart was racing in her chest. What if they weren’t there? What would she do then? She could not spend the rest of her life just looking for them. What if they were there, but didn’t want her? She would just leave the board and the ring then and… She tried to push the thoughts and ideas away. She would cross that bridge if she got to that. First, she would explore the cave. 
There it was, the bend in the river with the cave. There was no light and sound in it. She didn’t try to sneak now, she walked loudly. She made sure she moved some rocks and throw some pebbles down.
“Whoever you are stop walking and stand still. Hands about your head!” Someone was walking out of the cave. She recognized that voice.
“It's just me Targon. I brought Lezz chessboard.” He walked out into the moonlight. He had bags under his eyes and held a dagger in each hand. He looked thinner than when she last saw him. When he saw her his eyes softened and he walked to her.
“Targon I'm sorry about earlier, I just needed to know you were alright. I will…” He looked so sad, and her mouth was just rambling. This had been a mistake. She would just leave the things and. 
He picked her up and for a brief moment, she was sure he was going to throw her into the river. Then he held her in a bear hug.
“I'm so happy to see you Sparkles. Are you alright?” She hugged him back. 
“I'm okay. I'm so sorry Targon.” Tears fell from her face.
“It's alright. We were worried about you. Come on in.” He let her go and they entered the cave.
The moons lit the front of the cave, but the deeper parts were still shrouded in darkness. She could see silouettes of beds and boxes though. She counted the beds and everyone should be here.
“Lezz you can stop pretending now.” Tarragon said. One of the beds moved and sat up. Lezz looked at both of them first with a surprise on his face, which then broke into a smile, and he got up.
“Zin!” He hugged her and almost tackled her to the ground. Her heart swelled with happiness. A happiness she had not felt in weeks.
“Lezz I have something for you.” She put her bag down and gave him the chessboard and pieces. His eyes got big as plates. 
“You got my board.” 
“I went to the hideout first. When I saw you weren’t there I got worried. Are you alright Lezz?”
“Now when I have the board, and you are here.” A tear fell down his face. “Are you staying?”
“I don't know. I don't think that is up to me.” She heard footsteps next to them.
“That is very true.” Amarensias voice broke in. She was draped in a cloak. She wore the same clothes she had when she saw her last. Her hair was matted and tangled. She could see some acne spots on her, and she reeked of smoke. The butterflies welled up in her stomach as she saw her.
“Were you followed?”
“No.” 
“Good. We need to talk. Outside now.”
Amarensia walked out before here. As she was about to follow Targon put his hand on her shoulder.
“I'm really happy to see you are safe Sparkles. Ama is still mad but… She has also been really worried about you. We all have been.” She nodded at him and went out into the moonlight.
“Come. There is a small outcrop where we can talk undisturbed.

They were standing on a small shelf over the river. Amarensia pulled her cloak closer around her as the moonlight shone through her hair and lit up her face. She took out her pipe and started to pack it with something.
“So you’re back.” She didn’t look at her. She could hear the ice in her voice, and she looked over the river. 
“Yeah, if I'm allowed.” She kicked a rock into the river. ”I heard that the church had come to Montanos, and come down hard. I just needed to see if you are alright or needed help.”
“So, what?” She turned to look at her. In the moonlight, she could see her bloodshot eyes. Everything in her face screamed tired to her. She wanted to hug her. “You just check-in and we forget everything that you did?”  
“I'm sorry Amarensia. For all the things I did.” And she was sorry. For the lie, and trying to drag them down with her.
“You lied to me. I looked you in the eye and asked if you had killed him, and you said you didn’t. I trusted you, and you throw that trust away.” It almost looked like there were tears in her eyes. Her heart was breaking. But what had she truly expected to happen when she came here? That everything would just be swept away and they could go back. She could not fix this. It had been a mistake.
“I will leave in the morning. You don't need to see me anymore if you don't want me here.” They were silent and just listened to the river gently going its merry way. Amarensia took out her ember tube, and lit her pipe, and took a deep breath from it. She could not read her face. But she didn’t need to. She knew what she would say. She was not welcome here.
“You…” She took a deep breath. “You can stay. We need all the help we can get.” She let out a laugh. “We are so fucked.” Zinra’s heart skipped a beat. Whatever calm Ama had tried to hold onto had slipped off her face. She saw the days of anger and worry on her face now.
“What happened?”
“The church came. At first, they just wanted to help the local guard, but the mayor wasn’t having any of it. So the church called him a heretic, and the inquisition came. The smart guards joined them. And the rest either fled or hanged as heretics. Then they started going from house to house searching for heretical items or people. We ran when the house searching started. That was two days ago.” She dragged the cloak even closer. She took a deep breath from her pipe. The smell of the bluegrass hit her. 
“So. What is the plan boss?”
“Plan? There is no plan. I have no idea what to do. They are…” She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. Zin placed her hand on her shoulder and squeezed. “Everyone is expecting me to know what to do, and I'm at the end of my rope. We can’t go to Alconos, it's even worse there, and I tried to contact the river folks, and they…”
“Hey.” She put her hand on her shoulder and gave her a squeeze. “It's alright. We will figure something out together.” Ama nodded. “I have something for you.” She put down her bag and took out the ring. 
“You left it on your desk.” Ama’s eyes opened wide.
“I thought I dropped it.” She lifted the ring into the moonlight. 
“I went to look for you in the hideout. When I saw the ring and Lezzs chessboard still there I knew something bad had happened.” She held it in her hands and rolled it between her fingers.
“It was my mother’s. I got this when… When I inherited this job. Thank you.” She put it on her finger and turned to look at Zinra. The sorrow and despair had lessened, and a smile had appeared on her face. It was probably just her imagination, but she looked calmer, and more put together when she wore the ring. 
“Let's go and sleep.” She nodded and put out her pipe. Zinra found an empty bed lied out for her, and she went to sleep. She had no dreams that night.

The next morning, they all gathered around a small campfire for morning tea. Amarensia wore her ring on her finger, and she just spun it around her finger over and over. She looked better than last night. Maybe she had gotten a proper night's rest. 
“So Zinra is back.” Gork was stocking the fire. Liza was looking down at her cup of tea.
“For now, at least. It's good to see you all. And I am sorry about last time.”
“Don't worry about it Sparkles. Did you manage it?”
“I… I got some of them but…” She took a deep breath. The words didn’t want to come out. She was not proud of the things she had done.
“You couldn’t do it?” She nodded.
“So you still have a heart. That is very good to know. Anything else we should know?” She had promised herself one thing. She would not lie to them anymore. It would come out sooner or later anyway.
“I… I can't do my fire thing right now.” They all turned to her.
“There was a… It's hard to explain.” The mood shifted around the campfire. There had been life, like a spark of hope had been lit. And now she doused it in fire.
“Well, this is just fucking great.” Liza got up and walked away to the entrance of the cave. They sat in silence for a moment.
“Do you think you can get them back?” Lezz took a sip from his tea. Clarise had said that the lords didn’t hold grudges forever. So they would return in time. They had to. She nodded at him.
“Well, that is good. “Ama looked at Zinra, but it was not the look she had given yesterday at the cliff. The grief and anger were gone, and the old concern was back on her face. A warmth spread in her belly.
“We will come back to that later. I want to see how much she remembers from my training.” Targon got up and stretched out his back. Ama nodded, and she got up and followed him.
With the morning light shining in she could see that they had made the cave their home. They had tried to imitate the hideout the best they could. The beds in the middle. A small fire near the opening. Ama had tried to replicate her office the best she could, but it was just some boxes and papers. It was like looking at a shadow of the hideout. All the shapes were there, but no color.
They found a dry corner with even ground where they could do some sparing.
“Have you ever been using a weapon at all, Sparkles?” She shook her head. 
“Fire tended to work faster, and at a greater range.”
“All right then. Then we are skipping the attack parts. Just parry and block me.”
“Like we always have been doing?” Targon smiled at her.
“That's the spirit.” His smile gave her great comfort. Things were bad, and things would probably get worse. But right now, sparring with Targon, hearing his quips and jabs. Things fell alright for the moment.
It took her a couple of tries to get into it, but they settled into their old rhythm. Targon going hard and she on the backfoot trying to keep up.

“You’r not bad Sparkles.” They sat down and took a drink from their water skin. She did not feel as tired as she was expecting to be. All the walking she had been doing had helped her to build up her stamina.
“So. What did you do when you were away?”
“I went to Tonatanos. On the way, I burnt a small convoy of them. It was a grain convoy heading to Montanos. I tried to spare the wagons but…” She shook her head. “I just wanted to get the priests but, I was just so angry…”
“Ahh, well that explains it. There was much talk and rumors about that wagon. People said it was bandits, but we suspected it was you. Go on.”
 “In Tontanos they had camped outside the town, downstream with the river. So I thought I just would steal a boat and glide by, burn them and leave. But…” She hesitated. 
“How big was the camp?” 
“Hundred. Maybe hundred and fifty.”
“What made you stop?”
“One of them saw me, and…” Thinking back on it they were not as similar as she had thought. It was mostly the hair, that silver hair. A trick of the night and nerves had made her look like Ama. “And she looked like someone I knew.”
“Ah.” He nodded, and lifted his dagger, checking for nicks and bumps on it. “What happened after that?” 
“I drifted down the river until I came to a stop. An old goat farmer found me, her name was Clarise. She took care of me, and I stayed with her for a couple of days. Her wife had been a herald of water.”
“Wait what?” She nodded. “That is so cool! Did you learn anything from her?”
“I learned a bit about the lord of water. It seems that all the element lords are bastards.” She let out a chuckle. “It was nice being there. It felt like being home again.”
“What made you leave?” His whole face was smiling
“A trader came by and told us what was going on in Montanos. I couldn’t stay after that. I needed to know if you were okay. And...” She looked away.” And I needed to apologize. I did a lot of thinking on that goat farm.”
“Awww. You do care about us.” He punched her shoulder.
“Yeah…” The smile faded from her face.
“What's the matter?”
“I should have burnt them, shouldn’t I?” He put the dagger away and leaned back on his arms.
“I don't know. It's harder to kill when you see that they are just people like us, that took a different path.”
“Then how am I going to…
“There is a difference in defending yourself, your home, or the people you love, then going after people to kill them. If they come to kill you, and you kill them in self-defense, most people will say you did the right thing.”
“So what? We just defend ourselves until they leave?”
“I don't think that will work. I think we have to go after them.”
“That makes no fucking sense.”
“That is just a burden we have to carry in our hearts.” He placed his hand on her shoulder. “It won't be easy, and we will feel like shit and awful people. But that is the price we pay If we want them to leave us forever.”
“Or we stop seeing them as people.”
“That could also work. But I can't say I recommend it.” 
They trained for a bit longer. After that, she found Lezz and asked him if he could come with her outside. She wanted to do some fire training. Maybe if he came with like in the old days it would work better.

She and Lezz made their way out of the cave, and into the plains away from the river. He carried a lit candle with him, and she tried to see with her fire vision. She tried to concentrate on the rocks to see the fire in them. They just looked like rocks. For a moment she thought she had seen it, but it was just the reflection of the sun. Frustration was growing in her stomach.
Lezz put the candle down on a rock and walked away. She focused on it, trying to feel and see the fire. The ember was still there in her mind. She thought about the feelings she had before. The anger. The hate. That day Renaldo came back. The ember burned brighter. She could see the smoke. Almost smell it. It smelled like a burning human. And then she saw that priest on the shore again. The one that had looked Ama. She saw the woman they had sacrificed to the lord of water. She saw the burnt faces of the people in the caravan. She felt like someone had punched her in the gut. The ember sputtered out. She tried again. And again. And again. Every time she came close, but then she smelled the burning flesh of humans. Or she saw the woman. She could not do it.
She sat down. She was the problem. Clarise had been right. The lord of fire had given her powers back. She could just not use them. She was useless.
“What is wrong?” Lezz looked at her with concern plastered all over his face.
“It’s.” No more lies she had told herself. Yet it would be so much easier to lie. “I can't do it.”
“Is it the lord of fire?”
“No, it's… I don't know how to explain it.”
“Try.”
“When I try to command the fire…” She took a deep breath to calm her heart. “All I can think of is the smell. And the faces of people I have killed.”
“Like the priest?” She nodded. A tear was threatening to fall down her face.
“Him, and others.”
“Well. I… I don't know what to say. But you are not a bad person Zinra.” She knew it was meant to comfort. But it just stung. All the things she had done. She was not a good person anymore. But she stood up.
She tried again for hours. But the same thing just kept happening. Over and over again she saw the faces of the people she killed or almost killed. She could feel Lezz eyes looking at her. Judging her. At the end of the day, they went back to the cave. She just went and sat on her sleeping bag. But she could tell everyone was looking at her. Talking about her. She could hear Liza talking with Ama. She did not hear the words but she could tell from the tone it was about her. Here she had come to help. For a moment she had brought some hope in. And now she could not do the one thing she was good for. She was useless. A one-handed useless human.

It was market day, and she was going with dad to Montanos. They had wool to sell, and they needed to get some supplies. Mum had stayed back to rest. She had been doing that a lot the last few days. She always got sick in the mornings. Dad had been home on the farm the last few weeks, and it had been him and Zinra that had been taking care of things. 
“Dad. Is mum alright?” They were sitting at the front of the wagon, being driven by one of their oxen. It was an old one, that mostly ate grass days on end, but it took their wagon to towns when needed, and was still strong enough to drag rocks way from the field when they were found.
“Yes, dear. It's nothing to worry about. It just happens from time to time with certain people.” His tone was almost singsongy like there was a song that was trying to come out as he spoke. How could he not be worried? Mum was sick.
“Will I get sick like her?” He smiled and ruffled her hair.
“Maybe one day. It's nothing to worry about. It will pass.” 
They offloaded their wool to the buyer and dad told her to go and pick what they needed. A bag of salt. A new cooking pot. Rope. A sack of grains. She loaded all of it into the wagon and then watered the oxen. She also tried to get a glimpse of the harbor, but she could not leave the wagon alone. But she was not bored. A storyteller had set up a stall and was telling the tales of old with puppets. They hid behind a screen and their hands were inside the puppets to control them. They took requests from the children that were gathered around them. Most parents left their kids with a storyteller at market day when the parents were going to adult stuff, like taxes and such. And the storyteller made good money by the donations. At the end of the story of Meraclus and the ten thousand ants did her dad came back with a bundle of something. 
“What did you get?”
“Come and see.” It was some fabric, and what looked like A bowl? Too big for that. A water container for the sheep. But their current one was fine why would… Then it hit her. She had seen this before. That was a crib. 
She turned to look at dad, and her eyes were big as saucers.
“Am…Am I'm going to be a big sister?” His face shone like the sun.
“Yes.” She jumped in joy and hugged him.
On the way back she was giddy, she was sure dad was going slower than usual. She had to get home fast. She had to see mum
“When will they be here?” 
“After the new year.” His voice was still singsongy, and now she understood why. Maybe he felt the same bursting joy in her.
When they finally turned into their road, and she saw the house she jumped of the cart and ran to their house
“Mum!” She ran to mum and hugged her.
“Is it true?! I'm gonna get a sibling?” Her mum laughed and hugged her.
“Yes, darling. You’r gonna be a big sister.” They helped unpack the wagon and went inside.
That evening was filled with laughter and joy. They talked about when Zinra was a baby, about raising her. She talked about all the things she would teach them. She wanted to show the sheep, how to count, throw rocks. How to herd the sheep. Her parents kept laughing and looked at each other and could not stop smiling.






Chapter 12

Amarensia had called for a meeting, and they had seated themself around a small fire drinking tea.
“We have a plan. I'm not gonna lie it's a desperate one, might fail horribly but it's the only one we have that will land us in a better position than we are now.” She took a deep breath and looked at every one of them. “We are going to drive the church out of Montanos.” Everyone shifted in their place. Liza said something to Gork. This was new and bold. Exactly what she had wanted that day. And yet it brought her no joy.
“And how do we do that boss?” Ama motioned to Lezz.
“We don't want the church there. You felt it, the ones that have been in town the last few days. Tensions are running high. But people are afraid. The city guard is dismantled, and the church is decapitating people. We need to give them a push. And show them that we can push them back out.”
“Are we going to arm them?”
“Would love to. No idea where we can get weapons on this scale. This will be a rebellion of stones and clubs. But we have a trump card.” Lezz nodded to her, and her heart sank. 
“How do we convince them that, hey we have a person who can burn people to death when she can’t do it?” Lizas voice was dripping in sarcasm. It stung because it was so true.
“We don't.” They turned their heads to Ama.
“What do you think would happen if we started telling people that a person who can control fire was coming to help them? They would hang the town. Condemn them all as heretics. No, we can’t do that. We just tell them that help is coming. And when the time is right, we strike.”
“And when will the time be right?”
“We will see. We are going to be very flexible in this. So, our job right now is to talk with people. Spread the word around, get them ready for something. Liza, Gork, and Targon. That will be your job. Zinra and Lezz you have another job.” Liza, Gork, and Targon got up, Targon motioned them to the front of the cave. She and Lezz were still sitting down. Ama had gotten up to stretch her legs.
“What is our job Lezz?” She had waited until the others had left.
“You can't stay here.” Her heart sank.”
“We want you here, we all do. But we need you to get your powers back. We cant do this without them. And staying here and training is too risky. So we need to leave.” A lead weight settled in her stomach. Everything was on her shoulders. And she could not do the one thing she needed to do.
“So what do we do?”	
“Go to Alconos.” Ama walked to them.
“What do you mean?”
“Get to Alcanos. Burn supplies going to town. Let horses loose. Leave markings of heresy there. Make them think that heretical camp has been started there.”
“A diversion.”
“Yes. I heard a rumor of a monster on the road that burned a wagon. Many people heard it, but most think it was not real. Show them that they still exist. And have come to Alcanos” Her eyes shone for the first time since she had arrived at the cave. It made her heart skip a beat.
“I can do that.”
“I know you can.” For a moment she smiled at her. The butterflies were back in full force. She was happy that she was back. “And Lezz is coming with you.” Her heart was a rollercoaster. Happy that they were going to fight the church, sad that she had to leave, and happy again because Lezz was coming with her. She would not be alone again. “He knows the town. And Zinra. I know I'm putting a lot on you, but we need your fire for this when we take back the town. Come back with it.” She nodded at her, and Ama got up.
“Are we killing people?”
“Not if necessary. We don't want them asking for more reinforcement. Just to shift them around from Monta to Alco.”
“Alright.” They got up and packed their bags. Lezz packed down his board. For a moment she was about to tell him that they won't need it. But she didn’t have the heart to tell him. And it would be nice to have something to do in the long evenings. She just packed her gear and clothes. When it was done, she took a look over the cave. Amarensia was sitting at her makeshift desk. Targon was talking with Liza and Grok about something. Lezz was tied up his bag and putting it on his shoulders. She let out a deep sigh.
“What's the matter?”
“I just came back, and now I have to leave again.”
“But we will be back. And you’re not alone this time. “He put his hand on her shoulder. She smiled and placed her hand on his.
“So you're leaving now.” Targon walked up to them.
“Yeah. It sucks Targon.”
“It does. But you will be back soon.” She hugged him. He patted her on the back, and she let him go. 
“When should we be back Lezz?”
“One-two weeks. Or as soon as we find out they are moving people or hear more bad news from here.”
“Alright. See you in two weeks then.” Lezz hugged Targon, and they headed out.
When they exited the cave and stood in the sunshine for a moment, just letting it warm her face. She took a deep breath and looked one more time behind her. She could barely make out the shape of Amarensia. But she saw that she was waving her hand at her. And she could imagine her smile. She smiled and waved back, and she and Lezz headed out.

They set off with the sun reaching mid-day. They took a long way to the road. They started walking deeper into the plains, curving away from the river and town to slowly come to the road. They walked over the boulders and grass. She found the terrain easy, while Lezz fell behind and muttered curses under his breath. She could not help but smile at that. Getting to Alconos would not be hard. They just had to follow the road west.
 When the sun was about to set did, they reached the first tradetown. Lezz had been a champion in walking, but she could tell that he was tired, and his feet were sore. They took into the inn and asked for a bed and food. Lezz ate in silence and the moment his head hit the bed her fell asleep. He had probably not been walking from town to town ever. Yet not one word of complaint came from him. She could not help but respect him, and she would see if they could get a wagon tomorrow.
In the morning she went and looked for anyone going their way, but she had no luck. It seemed that no trade was happening between the two major towns and market day was many weeks away. So, they headed out again. When the sun was about to reach the top again, something began to gnaw at her. There was something with this road.
She stooped. The road split in two. The side road was hard to see, if you were not looking for it you would miss it.
“What is it?” Lezz had caught up with her. The side road would take her home. To the farm. 
“Can… can we make a detour?” 
“Sure, but where?” She pointed at the side road. 
“That road. It leads home. Where I was born. I have not been there since…” She let the word hang. Lezz just nodded
“Sure.” A part of her wanted to keep going. Nothing was forcing her to go back. But something in her heart told her to go there. She needed to know what was left there. Had someone come and stolen everything? Where the house still standing? What had happened to the sheep and the ox? And above all, had someone buried them? With a heavy heart, she started walking. Lezz followed behind her. 
They didn’t say anything as they walked. She was lost in her head, going through memories and worries about what she would find. Lezz followed behind, close enough so she would know he was there, but far enough to give her the space she wanted. Then it was there. The house. Her home. She got an aching sense of nostalgia. She saw it so often when she came home from Teacher. How the house started as a little speck and grow as she got closer. When she was younger it had filled her with happiness. Now the dread just grew as she got closer.
No one had been here since she left as far as she could see. The house was half burnt away, leaning in on itself and about to fall completely. The roof had fallen in, and dust had settled on everything that she could see. Inside of the house were here parents and sibling. She started to take shallow quick breaths.
“Are you alright?” She just nodded. It all came back to her. The sound of footsteps. Her father. The smell. The screams. And if she walked around the house she would find the chain. 
“They are still in there Lezz. They tied them inside the house and put it on fire.“ Tears were rolling down her face. “I could not stop them I..” 
“No one is blaming you. You did what you could.” She nodded. “What do you want to do?” His voice was so calm. Her mind was going haywire, her emotions in a rolling roar. And his voice was like a rock. Something she could cling to.
“I need to know if they are still in there. And if they are then… I think they would have liked to be buried.” 
“Okey. I can go in and look if you want.”
“No. I need to do it.” She took a deep breath, trying to calm herself. It helped for a moment. Until she got inside and saw what remained of her parents and her little sibling. It was not much. Animals had come and taken what they could. And a piece of the roof had fallen in upon them crushing what remained. Whatever calm she had broke, and she started to cry. Lezz came to hug her.
She didn’t know how long she cried. After a while numbness settled in. She knew what she had to do. She asked Lezz to go and see if the shovel was still at the sheep pens. He found it, and they went to dig a grave at the side of the house. He did most of it. The sheep pen was empty of living things. There was a few dead sheep there, but the fence had been broken at the back. The ox had also broken free and was gone. She wondered if they were doing alright out there. If some other farmers had taken them in. Or if they had become food for someone else. When the grave was deep enough, she went and collected what was left of her parents and sibling. It was easier to see them the second time. Her whole mind was numb. They carried what remained of them outside, and they put them together at the bottom of the grave and filled it up.
“Could you give me a moment alone?” She stood over the grave and just looked at the dirt.
“Sure.” He walked away, and she knelt.
“I'm sorry mum. I'm sorry I couldn’t do more than this. I'm sorry my sibling. I had so many things to show you. So many things to teach you. But I will make them pay. I swear on that. Renaldo and everyone who was here will pay. And dad… Fuck you.” She wanted to cry, but there were no more tears. Something had lifted from her shoulders, but it had left her numb.
She stood up and walked to Lezz.
“Is there anything else you wanna do here?”
“I want to look inside. See if there is something worth taking with us.” 
“Okey. I will be here when you are done.”
“Thank you Lezz.”
She took a deep breath and went to the house. She debated about burning it down. To let all of this turn to ash and be taken away by the wind. By now, everyone knew that they had been killed. But who remembered it? They were not the first family that had been killed out here. They would probably just fade in town, to another rumor. But she would remember what happened here that day. She would carry them with her, in her memories.
Had this been her fault? If she had just shut up, and not talked with Renaldo, provoked him about the gods and the elements. Maybe all of this could have been avoided. Maybe. But she could not change it now. There was no point in dwelling in the past about what could have been.
She walked into the rubble. The front entrance and the kitchen were all gone. But her parent's bedrooms were still standing. Somewhat. Then a memory came to her. There was a chest under the bed. Her mum had always said it was a secret chest, and one day she would show it to her. Who would show it to her now, unless   she herself would? She dragged it out into the yard. Lezz bless his heart stayed here he was. 
There was no lock on it. There was a bundle inside wrapped in a blanket. She took it out and unwrapped it. There was a dagger, made in fine bronze. A small sack of silver coins. And a ring. A very familiar ring. It looks liked the ring Ama had on her finger. But Amas had been more ornate and made in fine silver. This was dull copper and could very easily been looked over and forgotten.
She let out a little laugh and put the ring in her pocket. She would have to ask her about it when she got back. She decided to let the house stay as it was. Maybe someone else would move in one day. They could clean it out and rebuild it here. It was good farmland. Or they would pull it all down and start anew. That was their decision to make. It was no longer her home. She had gotten what she had come for.
She went to Lezz, and they headed back on the road to Alconos once more.

The road to Alcanos was unremarkable. They went back to the road and followed it west. They walked in silence. She was lost in thoughts, and he wanted to give her the space and time she needed. They stopped and slept at the first trade town they got to. Lezz insisted that they take a bath and eat some warm food. She didn’t argue against it.
“Lezz.” They were in their room playing chess “What is the plan after this. I'm all for driving them out but…”
“We have some ideas. We could go and try to do the same thing in Tontanos. There have to be some people there that are against the church. Same in Alcanos. But I don't think it will easy in any way. Or we could just stay and keep the church out of Montanos.”
“Do you think that is possible?” He looked down at the chessboard.
“I don't know. It would be playing against a full board when you have mostly farmers. Not impossible but…”
“Improbable.” He nodded. She could see the worry on his face. She didn’t want to worry him more.
“How does it feel to get back to Alconos?” He moved one of the pieces.
“Its… It's gonna be fun to see it again. Oh, there is one backer who makes the best bread we have to stop there, he used to give me some of the small ones for free. And we need to see the harbor they have this…”
She let him talk. He grew more and more excited, there were so many things he wanted to show her. She just took it all in. Lost in his excitement for a while, forgetting the numbness, and the real deed they had to do when they got there.
They played for a bit longer, and then Lezz went to bed early. She decided she needed to get some fire training done. This time the ember would not even spark or glow. She tried to get angry, but her sorrow drowned out anything she tried to dig up. With a heavy heart, she went to bed.
In the morning they managed to get a ride to Alconos. She tried to force her vision to work, but nothing happened. Frustration settled in with the numbness.
They reached Alconos in the evening. From the outside, it looked like Montanos. Same kind of architecture, built of Klach. The town was built next to the river, like every other major town in the plains. If she closed her eye she could imagine it was Montanos by the sound alone.
“So here we are. What do we do now?”
“An inn. And we plan in the morning.” She didn’t argue, and they entered the town. The town guard was dressed the same as in Montanos, in the church uniforms. There were songs and some late market haggling. She felt a nostalgia flow over her. But there was something wrong with it. There was a sound she could not place. When they reached the center she saw what it was. 
There was a church in the center of town. It stood out from the rest of the buildings, like bluegrass in a field of green. It is white, and the buildings around it were brown. It was made of rock, while the buildings around it were made of Kletch. It was decorated with symbols. In front of it stood a priest, surrounded by a group of people. And the priest was holding a speech.
“And I ask you all, what is justice? How do we know what is right and wrong? You.” The priest pointed to a person in the crowd.
“Is it just to kill one person, to save two people?” 
“I…” Before the person could even answer the priest pointed at another person.
“Is it just to kill two people, to save one person?”
“Well…”
“You don't know. And that is alright my child. We don’t need to know or ponder these things. Just as the god of death takes care of our souls when we die, just as the god of war guides us in battle with the heretics and the invaders. Just as the god of love guides us in love, the god of justice tells us what is right and wrong. Justice is the law.” He tapped the book he was carrying
Her stomach churned. This was so different from what her mum and teacher had told her. But she found it very hard to look away, to stop listening. It was like watching a plains cat eating a sheep.
“For eons, we have pondered the deep questions about justice, what is right and wrong. And now, we know the answers. Justice has spoken to us and given us the law.” The priest held up a book.
“Here, are all the answers to our questions, to all our worry about right and wrong. Rejoice, as we now know the answers to all moral questions.” The churning in her stomach faded, and the old anger returned to her. She was about to walk into the crowd and do something. Lezz held her hand.
“No.” She turned to look at him and he just shook her head. “Let's find an inn.” She let him drag her away.
“How could he just...”
“Not here.” She was about to argue with him when she saw a guard. Dressed in the same priest uniforms. She bit her tongue and let Lezz drag her until they found an inn. They went to their room.
“Zinra, we need to be careful about what we say in the open now.”
“But that bastard.”
“I know. But we are here to be undercover. We can’t go around saying that the church is bad.”
“But they believed him.” That was the horrible part. They seemed to lap it up without question. No one said anything against him. No one argued with him.
“I know. But that is not why we are here. Let's go to bed. And tomorrow we will get out there and see what we can do. Alright?” She nodded at him.
The next morning, they took a long walk around the town. Wagons with merchants were coming and going, but most of them were going west and north. Nothing was going towards Montanos or coming from there. They tried to talk with the guards asking if a caravan was coming but they knew nothing. There was no camp of the church outside of town. Their camp was inside the town, with the church as their headquarters. Frustration was boiling inside her. But Lezz also showed her his favorite places in town. A nice place at the harbor where you could watch the boats coming and going. He showed her where he used to play when he was young, and where his dad had been working. She just let him take her where he wanted. He was so happy.
 They had bought some food and were eating in the town center. They had gone to the backer that Lezz had talked about. And she had to agree, they made some amazing bread. It would have been an amazing food break, except that the priest was back. This time talking about the god of death. She tried to not focus on them, but it was hard.
 They had found nothing they could use. No caravans were coming. And the priest just kept on talking and talking. Every word that came out of his mouth stung. Everyone who stood there and just listened stung. She wanted to burn him. To stand up and shout and scream. How could they just stand there and listen to a monster? What was wrong with these people? And the fucking sun was blinding her. She wanted to… She took a second look at the priest. There was a glow around him. Around everyone. She looked at the church. It also had a dull glow around it.
She stood up. She closed her eye and took a deep breath. When she opened her eye again the glow was gone. She focused on where she had seen the brightest glow. And it came back. Slowly, the vision returned. And she could see the fire in things.
“I can see Lezz.”
“What?”
“I can see fire.”
“What?” She looked around for a nearby source of fire. Closest was the cocking fire inside the place where they had bought the food. She concentrated on it, trying to make it spread and grow. The ember in her mind spluttered and started to smolder. But the same thoughts and feelings came back. The smell, their faces. It would not burn. But her vision didn’t fade. 
“We should head back to the inn.”
—
“So you can see fire?” She nodded.
“I can see the element of fire in things. Its… it's hard to describe.” He was just staring at her, and wonder was on his face.
“What does it look like?”
“Its… It's like a sheen. And a glow. The brighter the glow, the more fire is in it.” She looked around the room. “All things have a small piece of fire in them. Even you.” She smiled. “But I can't do fire things. I tried.”
“But this is a good thing. Things are coming back, right?” He looked so hopeful, so happy. She felt the weight of the burden on her. And her stomach sank.
“Maybe. But what do we do now then?”
“I say we just wait and see what happens. An opportunity will show itself sooner or later.”

The next morning, they saw a commotion in the street. People were moving stalls away and cleaning up the main street. It was buzzing with energy.
“Excuse me miss but what is going on?”
“Oh, there is going to be a parade! The high priest of justice is coming to our town.” She thanked the woman and went back to Lezz.
“Do you think we can use that?” Lezz was leaning against the wall looking at everything.
“Maybe. Do you wanna run out of town and try to intercept them?” He looked at her. It was an idea. If she had her fire powers, she could do it. But as things were right now… She shook her head.
“Let them come first. Maybe we can do something while they are here. Or when they leave.” He nodded and they waited. They arrived soon after. People were standing on the side, and guards were keeping the main road clear. And the horses walked in. They looked like monster horses. So much bigger, and taller. She could see the muscles coil under the skin of the horses. They were not from the plains. And then she saw him. He was not in the front, but in the middle waving his hand. Her vision narrowed on him, and all things faded. Renaldo was riding into town. Hatred boiled up in her. And a calm settled in her. She knew what they needed to do.
They stopped in front of the church. They gave the horses away to a horse handler. He looked scared guiding the horses to their stables. The head priest held a speech, about how visiting the town was an honor. Then they walked over to Renaldo, and put their hand on his shoulder. They talked about how proud they were of having him in their ranks. Renaldo waved at them.
“Alas. I sadly need to leave you.” Renaldo had taken over the talking.” My friends in the church are tired, and we are going inside to rest and pray. But we will come out later and talk to you all.” The crowd cheered, saying blessings and well givings to them
“Burn him. Burn the building. Turn it all to ash.”
“I know what to do Lezz.” She turned to him. He just stared at her for a moment and then nodded. “Our room.” She marched as fast as she could. She was eager and could not wait.
“Okey, what are we doing?” He had looked at their door behind them and made sure no one was outside their window.
“We are going to burn it down.” He raised his eyebrow.
“What down?”
“The church.” His face contorted in revelations and concern. 
“Zinra, she said no killing unless necessary.”
“But this is Lezz.” She was surprised by how calm she was. How easy it all came out. “There is a man in there right now that needs to die.” She took a step toward him. “I can make it look like an accident. And think about it, if the church burns here, a lot of people and rescuers are going to be diverted here. To investigate if it was an accident or the crime of a heretic.”
“But there are innocents in there.” 
“We won't get a better chance than this Lezz. He is inside there right now. He was the one that set my home on fire. I know him. He is a monster.” His face was twisted in concern and worry. “Look, i will do it. This is my plan and responsibility. All I need you to do is to secure a boat for us to leave in. Just a small vessel that we can drift away on.”
“My dad worked in that church. I know some of the people working in there.” Her anger subsided. She saw how much this pained him. And they didn’t have to do this. They could do something else. 
But she had let him go once before. She could have killed Renaldo in Tontanos before. She would not let him get away again.
“We won’t get a better chance than this Lezz. And I won’t burn the kitchen down. Just the rooms with the church members in.”
“How do you know where they will be?”
“I can see them. I can see the difference between fires.” He bit his upper lip and stared at the ground.
“I don't like it. Not one bit.” She could see that he was debating with himself. If he said no… Then she would do it on her own. She would not force him into her vengeance. “Alright. I see what I can go and get. You better go and do it now. Can you do it?” There was a seed of doubt in her. She had not used fire in a long while now. Could not use it. But this was different. She would make it work. Force it to work.
“Don't worry about me. Let's go.”
They split up and she made her way to the church. The parade on the main street had died down and people were returning to their work. She had her hood up. There were not many people around the church, but two guards around the door. She looked at the church with her vision. It was hard to look through the wall but there were brighter spots inside. What it was where hard to tell, but she could work with them. She would focus on the higher ones, which probably were candles or lanterns. There was one bigger than the rest. She thought it was a stove. It would have been a good source, but she had promised Lezz. Now she just needed a place to stand. Somewhere she could see the church and run away in a hurry.
There. It was a side street where someone was selling some sweets. Get some of them, do the deed and run. She went over and bought some candied lemon peels again. And looked at the church. She got a weird sense of deja vu. Here she was again, ready to burn people of the church. And she did not know if she could do it. Last time she couldn’t. But this was not like that time. Renaldo was here. And he needed to die. If she did this, he would die, and the church would hopefully run here. She would catch two birds with one stone. She had to do this. She took a deep breath and began. 
“Do it.”
She started to focus on the flames. She wanted them to burn. The ember in her mind started to smoke. And then nausea came over her. She remembered the smell. The face. And she faltered for a moment. She could not do it.
Then another face came to her. What was left of her parents? What was left after Renaldo had come to her home. Hatred burned in her now. And it burnt like an inferno. She pushed through the nausea, the guilt. The self-doubt. She pushed through to grab the flame, and she poured hate and anger into it. 
For a moment nothing was happening. Maybe she really had lost her powers. When suddenly all the flames inside grew, they started to bloom out and up. But they felt different. Her fires before were pure. This was like burning wet wood. It was like it was choking on her emotions. But it did burn. That was all that matters. 
“More.” She poured more and more into them. It was mesmerizing. Other people could not see what was going on from the outside. But she saw it. What had started as what she presumed was just lanterns on the wall had grown in less than ten seconds to infernos. Her lord laughed with delight.
Then the smell of smoke hit her and screams. She took it as her cue to run. The guilt could come later.
She didn’t meet anyone as she walked to the harbor. Running would have been too suspicious. There was a growing commission behind her, but at the harbor, things went on as nothing had happened. The memory of the nausea and guilt was still lingering in her mind, but she was not tired. She had expected this to eat away her strength, but she could do this again. She could burn so many churches again. She was keeping her eye open for Lezz.
“Ah, there you are.” She turned to the voice. He was standing at the edge of a dock next to a boat. “I'm sorry it took so long she just wanted to go and get some final things. We are ready to leave now.” The man on the boat mumbled something and started to untie the rope. Lezz nodded to the boat, and without missing a beat she got on board. Lezz leaned in and whispered to her “We are going downstream, not all way to Montanos. Tradetown on the way.” She nodded, and they sat down in the front of the boat.
The city faded behind them, and she watched the smoke rise. She had done it. She had rid the world of a monster.
“I take it you were successful.” He was staring forward down the river. 
“Yes.”
“How many were inside?” His face was set in stone. 
“I don't know.” He scoffed.
“Do you even care? How many are on our hearts now?”
“My heart Lezz. This is all on me, not you.”
“I let you do it. I'm as guilty as you are.”
“No, you aren’t. You are so much better than me.” They sat in silence and watched the land go by.
For a while, she rode the high of killing him. It was done. But after a while, it faded. And she was just a human on a boat traveling downstream. The church was still there. And who knows how many people like Renaldo were in it. She had rid the world of one monster. But the cave of them still lingered.

Yesterday it had happened. Mum said the baby was coming, so they had packed down everything they needed and went to the nearest tradetown. Mum had been in pain and dad was so nervous but there was also excitement in the air that day. They went to the nurse maidens and were taken to a room. Then a lot of waiting came.
She had exited the room because they had told her to get water, and when she returned things were different. Mum was laying on the floor and her chest was a little bundle. Her dad was sitting next to mum holding her hand. 
“Zinra, come and say hi to your sibling.” She put the wase of water down and kneeled next to mum. There they were. A little human wrapped in blankets on her chest. 
The days after that was a blur. They went home the day after and dad stayed home for the next month. She didn’t go to the Teacher that month either. They tried to split their time evenly between taking care of the baby, and the work on the farm and the sheep. 
The days she got the hold of the baby were full of joy, she held them close and told them stories. About what mum had told her about the world, the elements, nature, and so on. Told them all about the lands far away from here.
Her dad told her that she shouldn’t say such things to the baby. There were arguments but nothing that escalated to shouting. Mostly mum was with the baby, and she got to take care of the sheep. She didn’t mind.
This was one of her happiest times in her life.






Chapter 13

They drifted downriver until they reached the port the merchant was going to. They were two days away from Montanos and decided to walk the rest of the way. They did not talk much. Every time she tried to start up a conversation with him he either just gave short answers or said nothing. She gave him the space he needed. They reached Montanos in the evening and made their way to the cave. 
“Zinra, Lezz!” Targon ran up to them and picked them up in a bear hug. 
“Hi, Targon.”
“How did it go?” 
“Let's get the rest and I will tell you.”
They all gathered around the teapot as she started talking. She told them what happened, but she skipped the part where they went to her old home. Lezz sat silently through all of it.
“You burnt the church?” Amarensia said. 
“It was too good of an opportunity to leave. Renaldo is dead, and either they are going to spend time doing death rituals for him and the other priests, or they will think someone set the fire and they are going to investigate it. However, they see it they will focus on Alcanos.” She could see she was about to ask something more, but let it drop,
“Well, I can tell you it has been working. Yesterday the church left with wagons of goods and people. There is still a few lefts, but few enough for us to handle.” Targon took a sip from his mug. “So, you can use your fire now?” They all turned to look at her. She had not tried it on the way back.
“I…I don't know. I'm gonna test some things tomorrow. But what have you been doing?” She forced a smile on her face and tried to drown the worry settling in her gut. 
“We have been stoking the anger the best we can. The farmers and common folks don't want them here. Some of the higher-ups are okay with the church but even some of them are turning. Its dry kindling out there.”
“And we are not going to wait. We will have our opportunity in two days.” Dread seeped into her stomach.
“What happens then?”
“They are going to hang some heretics. But we will use that opportunity to kill them. You came back at the perfect moment.” Amarensia looked at her, there was a ghost of a smile on her face. “Lezz could you come with me and look at some details of the plan?” He nodded and they went to her desk. She went with Targon to the mouth of the cave. Targon lit a candle, and she was drowning in concern. She had done it once. But she had not tried it at all during their way back. She was afraid that she could not do it again. The lamp was lit, and she tried to take the fire from it.
The smell and the faces returned to her. She tried to push them away and to just focus on the flame as she had done with the church. Nothing happened. She tried to stoke it with anger. Nothing happened. She tried to remember the anger she had used when she saw Renaldo. The hatred she had felt. But the anger felt hollow. And there was a new face with her now. Lezz face on the boat. The flame would not rise. She let out a shout of frustration and went outside.
“What is going on?” His voice was not angry, just full of concern, which just made her guilt worse.
“I can't do it.”
“Why not?”
“I… I don't know how to explain it.”
“Try.”
“Renaldo was their last time. I could focus on that as a… I don't know the source of anger? As fuel. But now everything just feels hollow. And everything is on me if don't do this then…” Her heart speed up and she was breathing more rapidly. 
“Hey hey Zin. Look at me.” His face was full of love and understanding. How could she ever have been angry at him?
“We will just try, okay? Take a deep breath, and we will try again. Okay?” She nodded. And she did try. For hours. But it didn’t work. No matter what she did the flame would not come back. She went to bed drowning in concern and fear. What would they do if she could not do this? The one thing she was good at?

“So, what is the plan Lezz?” He was sitting near the cave entrance drawing in a patch of sand.
“It's kinda simple really.” He had drawn a circle, and in the middle a square. 
“Did you see the platform in the square of the town?” She nodded. She remembered the heads well. “Well, that is where it will happen, they have captured some of the townsfolks that they will decapitate tomorrow. Did you see the spikes? With the heads?” She nodded again. “How many of those people up there where innocent?” He turned to look at her for the first time.
“All of them. None of them deserved this.”
“But the people in the church did?” That stung. 
“It's not the same Lezz. Here they were just townspeople living their life. The church was filled with people that are working to kill the people on that platform.” 
“You don't know that. There might have been some innocent farmers in there. What if there were some servers in the rooms you set on fire Zin. Maybe even children. And you just…” He picked up the stick again and started to scribble in the sand.
“Lezz. Are you alright?” 
“No. No, I'm not.” He put his arms around his head. “This. All of this is just so… We are planning to kill people. I let you burn down a church with people in it. A month ago we were just planning smuggling routes, trade deals, and minor robberies. Now we are planning to kill people to liberate a town from the church.” She could hear him sobbing. Something clicked with her finally. He was blaming himself for the church. She had not seen all the pressure and changes of life had worn him down. 
“Lezz. It's not your fault for what happened at the church. That is all on me.”
“But I let you do it! I just let you walk up there and…” Whatever he was about to say was drowned out in tears. She carefully put her arm around him. For a moment he tensed up, but then leaned into her.
“It's fucked up Lezz. Nobody wanted this. I wish things were more normal but…” She squeezed his shoulder.
“We have a plan at least. Which involves more killing.” She turned her head to the sound of footsteps. Ama had walked up to them. She looked her in the eye and raised her eyebrow. 
“Lezz, are you alright?” He dried his eyes and took a deep breath.
“I am alright Ama. It's just… A lot right now.” 
“I know Lezz. I'm here if you wanna talk.” He turned to smile at her.
“Thank you but I’m alright now.” She nodded and went back to her desk.
“Wanna walk me through the plan?” He nodded and picked up the stick.

After they went over the plan she went and ate a bit and decided she needed to go back to fire training. 
“Ready to get back on the horse?” She nodded.
“Could we do it outside? Maybe a fresh scenery will help.” She doubted it but she wanted to be outside. It felt too small inside the cave.
“I'm coming with. I wanna see the sun.” Could your heart rise and your stomach sink at the same time? Somehow, they did both as Amarensia followed them out. 
There was a hill behind the caves, behind it Zinra sat down with a lamp. Amarensia and Targon sat a bit down the hill chatting. She could feel their eyes on her. The pressure. She had to do this. And do this now. 
She took a deep breath and focused on the flame, to move it. The ember in her mind flicked and started to smolder. And the faces appeared. She tried to push through them, as she had done with at church. But there was not seemingly end to them. And Lezz sad face was now also with them. What joy had this power really brought her? As far as she could see it had brought only pain and death. It was a promise of power that she could take revenge. Now when she had done it… It had only brought her pain. And more death. And spread her pain to other people.
“I can't do it.” She turned to look at them. “I'm sorry.” Ama got up and walked down the hill. “What’s the problem Zin?”
“I don't… I don't wanna do this anymore. I don't wanna hurt people anymore.” Ama had gotten next to her.
“Zin. Look at me.” She didn’t want to. But how could she say no? Ama stood with the sun behind her head looking down at her. “Everyone will die if you don't do this. I am sorry that everything hangs on you, but it does. So, I need you to take your sorry head out of your ass.”
“Ama!” Targon shouted from the hill. She held up her hand to him.
“You are the only one that can do this.” She knelt to her level. “You were the one that wanted to fight them. And now you are giving up? After you dragged us with you? We are willing to follow you, and to fight them. I know is scary, but I can’t let you be a coward now.” Was that anger in her voice? “We can’t do this without you. And if you back out now, we all are going to die. Save us.”
Save us. It kept going around in her head. There would be no one else. She was the only one that could save all of them. If she gave up… She could see it. The church killing everyone in town, and she did nothing. Even though she had the power to stop them. All because she was afraid. Of what she had become, of the things she did. Of the people she hurt. 
She didn’t want to hurt people but, if she did nothing then she would hurt even more people. Ama was right. It was all on her to save them. And she wanted to save them. She didn’t want anyone else to go through what she had. and if the price for that were scars on her heart, and pain… then she would pay it. She grasped on that feeling and held it tight. The feeling that she wanted to save them. And she fed it into the ember. 
It sputtered. It coughed. Smoke billowed out. But it did not go out. She threw her anger in. And the ember caught fire. It was not like before. It did not burn as dark as it had done in the church, but nor as bright it had before. But it did burn. She would save them. She would never be useless again.
The flame in the lamp shot out like an inferno. Her heart was a mess, guilt, fear, and five different kinds of anger mixed and mingled.
“Zin.” She turned to look at her. Her face was filled with wonder and something else she could not place. Fear maybe? Sorrow. She took a deep breath and let the flame die down, and stood up
“Are you alright?” Ama took a step forward to her. She wanted to hug her. She wanted to punch her. She had to get away.
She pushed past her and ran deeper into the plains. If she didn’t, she didn’t know what she would do. She could hear Targon shouting something, but no footsteps and as she ran, she could hear the shouting fade into two voices arguing. None of them noticed the tiny rapidly melting layer of frost on the ground.

They were not following her. Her heart was beating out of her chest, and she needed to do something. Punch something. Instead, she just keeps on walking. There was an new anger settling in and mingling with the old ones. 
How dare she? She was the one that wanted to run away. And now when she agreed with her, she changes her mind? She kicked a pebble. But mostly she knew she was angry at herself. For all the self-loathing and doubt. For her cowardliness, for wanting to run away. Ama had been right in that. She was the only one that could save them all.
She thought back to the lamp. Her powers were back. But it didn’t feel the same anymore. Anger had fueled it before. Hate even. And still did to an extent. But she had fed it something else this time. The feeling of wanting to save them. What would she even name that? Could she use any feeling as fuel? “Is that it?” Her lord was silent. “Asshole.”
When she felt calm enough to deal with people again she turned around and made her way back to the cave. She wanted to test her powers again.
To her luck, Targon and Amarensia had not made their way back yet. Liza and Gork were out in Montanos. There was only Lezz there who was drawing something in the sand. And there was a candlelit in the cave.
“Zinra, how did it go.” She focused on the candle. She wanted to draw the flame to her. The faces came back to her, the smell also. But she focused on the feeling of wanting to save them. Of not being useless. The ember smoked, and on an unsteady path, the flame did come to her. The faces and the smell did not disappear, she suspected they never would, as scared as she was. But that was the price she was willing to pay. To make sure no more was added to them.
She looked at Lezz.
“I think I got it.” She went and sat next to the candle. She needed to practice.
“Where are Ama and Targon?”
“I don't know.” He went back to his drawings in the sand. She sat and just focused on the flame. Moving it, making it grow and shrink. It all came back to her. It got easier to command the flame. And she didn’t need to focus on the anger to make it grow. This new focus, the will to save her friends was enough. But she could also use the anger. If she focused it with the new emotion.
“Sparkles?” She blinked and looked at the cave entrance. Targon had come back, and she hadn’t even noticed him.
“What is it?” She tried to hold a calm voice.
“Are you alright?”
“Fan fucking tastic why do you ask?”
“Because Amarensia is a fucking asshole.” He had made his way to her and sat down next to her.
“What do you mean? She made it so I got my powers back. Look.” She lifted the flame and let it levitate in the air. “I'm not useless anymore” Targon put his arm around her.
“You were never useless. Even if you never got your power back, you would never be useless. We want you here because you are our friend.”
“But without the-”
“No buts. She went too far and she is an fucking asshole. You’r not just the person who can play with fire. You’r Zinra. A wanted friend.” She let the fire drop and just leaned into his shoulder. She could not help but smile. 

“Zinra, can we talk?” It had taken her an hour to come back to the cave. Zinra and the other had made dinner while she was away. 
“Sure. Talk away.” She didn’t look at her, just kept eating the porridge. 
“In private.” She looked at Targon, who had been looking at Amarensia, and back at her. He gave her a small nod. She ate the last of the porridge and got up.
She followed her outside. They got as far away they could get from the cave, while still being a bit hidden on the platform. Amarensia kept staring out over the river. She took a good look at her. The wind was playing with her hair, and her eyes were bloodshot red. She was sure they had not been that before they went out to the hill. She scolded herself for thinking about such a minor detail. No one looked at someones else’s eyes as much as she did.  
“I want to apologize.” She turned to look at her. Sorrow was plastered all over her face. How could you be so angry with one person, yet at the same time wanting nothing else but to hug them.
“You got what you wanted.” She saw that her comment stung her, a small part of her was happy. It served right for what she did. But the rest of her just felt sad.
“It was not right, and I'm sorry.” She tucked the hair behind her ear. “These last weeks has been though, and I was at my ropes end when you came back. Like tale Rulaso. But when you said you couldn't do it…” She put her arms around herself and looked down at the ground. “I just got so angry… The talk we had before you left… I went over it, over and over. You were right. We should have fought them long ago and now you said you didn’t want to and…” She took a deep breath.
“I'm just making excuses. You don't need to stay. You don't need to talk to me anymore if you want, I'm sure you hate me, and…” She could hear the tears in her voice. She put her hand on her arm.
“Ama, I don't hate you.” She turned to look at her. Tears were going down her face.
“I'm so fucking bad at this. Mum told me one thing, take care of your crew Amarensia. Your crew above anything else. And look what I have done. We are stuck in a cave, and I hurt you.”
“Ama… I was the one that walked in. You didn’t have to take me in and help me, but you did. I was the one that wanted you to change. You have nothing to apologize for. And if it wasn’t for you, they would all probably be dead by now. You saved your crew.”
“I wanted to go after the church. I really wanted to but…”
“Why didn’t you?”
“I'm not…I'm not brave like you. I needed to take care of everyone, and I knew that church was going to be our biggest rival and problem. And I knew I should do something but… I am a coward. I'm not brave like you.” She let out a laugh.” You just... walked in one day and said, I'm going to take on the whole church by myself. That was so…”
“Fucking dumb?” She let out a laugh. And she took a few deep breaths.
The sun was setting, and her silver hair took a brilliant twilight color. She looked so haggard and worn thin. The bags under her eyes were deeper than ever.
“When did you last sleep?” She let out a chuckle.
“I don't know. I have been going on the bluegrass that we managed to take with us, and I just can’t fucking sleep. I'm so scared that we all are going to die and…”
“We are not going to die. And you are not alone. We are all here for each other. Or that is what Targon has been banging on about since I came back.” She laughed at that. How she loved her laughter. And her brilliant mind.
“Come, I think the porridge will still be warm.” She put her arm around her shoulder and lead her back to the cave.
“So, you can use fire again?”
“Yeah.” She moved her tower.
“I heard what she did. She went too far.”
“We talked it through. It's fine.”
“Hm. Farmer to d2. Dead in three moves.”
“What do you think of our chances Lezz?”
“I think we will get the town pretty easy. It's what comes afterwards that worries me.” 
“Well, you have me now. In all my killing capacity.”
“It is our trump card.” He moved one of his pieces. 
“Are you still mad at me?” He looked up at her and raised his eyebrow.
“No. You did what you had to do. I guess I will just…Live with it.”
“It's all we can do. But we will live with it together. If you want.” 
“Teacher to a5.” 
“Fuck you Lezz.” For the first time since they came back, he broke out into a smile.
When Liza and Gork came back they decided to go to bed early. The execution would happen at the sun zenith tomorrow and they wanted to get a good sleep in before that. 
Sleep did not come to her at all tho. She laid and tossed around, her mind going through all the things that could go wrong tomorrow, when she finally got to sleep, she woke up not much later by the moons shining in through the cave. Instead of just laying in bed again she decided to get up. And apparently, she was not the only one awake.
“Can't sleep either?” She was sitting outside the cave packing her pipe.
“No. I usually never sleep before a job. And this one is a big one.”
“Do you mind the company?” She put the pipe down and smiled at her.
“No.” She joined her on the plateau. The moons were out in full, shining so bright that the sky was almost as bright as the day. 
“Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”
“Earlier you said that your mum told you to take care of everyone. What happened that day?”
“Ah.” Amarensia picked up the pipe and rolled it between her fingers. “I take that you have heard about the uproar and the split-up of the gang?” She nodded. “Well, the day we broke apart, I was with my mum. We were having a meeting with all the leaders of the different towns. But it was just a trap in the end. The ones that came there had predecided they were not going to be part of the organization anymore. And some just didn’t show up, and have dissolved themselves or become part of the city government, but anyway.” She took a deep breath. “We fought in the hideout. The only one that was there that still remembers was Gork, Liza and me. And my mother, she died. But before she died she asked me to promise to keep them alive. That I was the leader in Montanos now. And I did. We almost fell apart many times but I manage to always keep them safe. That… that is why I got so angry when you said you wanted to fight them.”
“Why?”
“Because…Because I also wanted to fight them.” She picked up a rock and throw it at the river, and her eyes were on the ground. “I wanted to get out there, and take them on as you said but…” She spoke her head. “I'm just a coward. I fell in old tracks and wanted to run and hide again. Because I needed to take care of them all.”
“You're not a coward Ama.” She turned to look at her. “You wanted to best for everyone. And running away would save you.”
“For a time, maybe. But the church would not stop. And we would just keep running until there was nothing left to run to. Just like you said.” 
“But we are not running anymore.” A smile broke on her face.
“Yeah. We are just going to be very stupid.”
“Is there a difference between brave and stupid?” Ama let out a laugh.
“I don't know. But I'm glad you are with us Zinra.” When would the butterflies ever end? She had to think about something else.
“I found something while I got to Alconos.” 
“Oh?”
“On the way to Alcanos we passed my home. I had not been there since that night and I needed to see how things were and… and bury my family. And I found something.” She took out the ring and held it to her.
“Where did you find this?” She took the ring from her and compared it to her own.
“It was in my mum's chest. There was some silver, a dagger, and this ring.” 
Ama lifted it into the moonlight and looked it all over.
“Well, your mum was a gang member.”
“What?”
“This was given to gang members in Montanos. This was given to regular members so that the city guard could tell who you where. But she must have gotten out before the collapse. Heh. We live in a small world.” She handed the ring back and they sat in silence for a while, just watching the moons go by.
“It's such a desperate plan. I'm scared Zinra.”
“Me too. But we will get through it. And you know what we will do after we take the town tomorrow?” She shook her head at her
“A Bath. A warm bath in the bathhouse.”
“That sounds like an amazing idea.” She leaned back against the wall and closed her eyes. 
They sat there, and in the morning, they were awoken by Targon, who found them with Zinras head sleeping in Amas shoulder.

The time of day had come. They had all gathered in the square, spread out with the other people in the crowd. They had decided to start shouting and screaming when the priest came on the platform. Lezz had said people had done it on other beheadings so it would not be hard to get the crowd going, she just needed to be the spark.
She was in the front, as she needed to be as close as possible. The embertube was smoldering in her bag. Her heart was going as fast as a racing horse. In a way, she wondered why? She was not doing something new here today. Just had to drown people in flame. They had argued a long while in the morning and decided that they didn’t want a gruesome burning, just a quick death. And this was the quickest way she knew. It was just killing more church members. So why was she so nervous?
Her stomach was a pile of knots, and she was looking around for anything going wrong. What if they knew, and have planted secret members in the crowd? If they had done that… Well, she would deal with that then. 
On the platform were four church guards. Their faces were set in stone and did not look like the old city guard. Then the crowd grew silent as three priests walked up the ramp. And behind them came two people in chains.
“People!” The one in the middle was talking. “We are here today to cleanse your city from heretics, to make this city pure!” He waved his arm at the people in chains.
“Who are they?” She heard Targon shouting in the crowd. It was his job to rile them up. 
“Heretics! And as you know heretics don't need their names when they sin! Now…”
“I haven't seen my sibling since yesterday. They took my sibling! They are no heretics! They are good honest folks who work the river. If any of you ever got a free fish or help from the harbor you have them to thank.” She could not help but smile. He was good at this. She could hear the murmuring in the crowd now. 
“No matter what they have done, they have sinned against the gods! We are going to save their souls!” The priest's faces were turning red. They were getting to them now.
“What the fuck even is a soul? Have any of you ever seen one?” Other people were joining in with their own shouting. And the priests on the platform were talking to themself, and one of them walked to the edge to talk to the guards.
“It seems that we have people here who haven't heard our talks. We will deal with you all and educate you after the execution to save your souls.”
“Fuck your souls.” And she drew out the fire. The faces would always be there as far as she could tell, but she could push past them. She poured her will to save them, and her anger on the ember and a ball of fire came from her backpack. There it flew. Like a magnificent arch, the fire flew right towards the platform. In a brief moment, she saw that the priest was in utter shock, about what was happening. It wouldn’t be the last shock he got in his short life.
She focused on the flame and guided it to the priest on the platform. The first priest was easy as he was gaping in shock of the fire, which made it easy to drown him in it. The other was didn’t gape, but it just meant she had to go through the nose. She left some of the fire in the throat and moved the rest to the other priest. They tried to struggle, but the second priest got the fire in them. The third tried to run away, but they were on an island surrounded by angry people. She could see them holding their breath and blocking their nose and mouth. No matter, she could wait. She had all the time in the world. She locked eyes with the remaining priest. There was shock and fear all over their face. They had not expected the town to go against them. They had not expected a true heretic. They were mistaken. 
The priest moved their hands from her face and was about to shout something, but she was not in the mood for listening. She forced the fire down their throat until she was sure she was dead. It was then she took a look around her. Two of the guards were knocked out. One was dead and the other had been surrounded. Targon was already on the platform. And she heard the sound of the crowd. Or the lack of sound. They all stood in silence for what had just happened. Then Amarensia took the platform. She walked up with such confidence like she was the mayor of the town coming to bring an announcement. Or like a general coming to talk to their troops.
“Folks!” They all turned their attention to her. Targon was standing next to her, crossed his arms over his chest.
“Some of you know me, some of you have worked with me. We are here to save this city. You have seen what the church does.” She motioned to the head. “Did any of us want them here?” A small no came from the crowd. 
“No! They came here and told us we were sinners and needed saving. Needed to save our souls!” She spat on the first priest. “We are not some savage’s heretics that need saving. We have been living in this land for eons. Living well. We don't want them here. I say we drive them out. No church!” The crowd was getting into it now, some of them started chanting no church.
“But, but how? They have swords and…”
“We have something better.” She knew what she had to do. She took what was left in the ember tube and formed a ball of fire in the sky. 
“They called her a heretic. What she is a herald of the lord of fire. I know some of you know what that means. We have her, they don't stand a chance!” A wave of warmth spread in her. She looked so certain. She was not trying to convince them, it felt like she was just saying what was true.
The whole crowd cheered.
“Arm yourself with what you can! Let's drive them out! Out! Out! Out!”
The crowd started to cheer with her.
The rest went easy. The old guard joined them on the march, and what priests were left in town got either killed by the mob, or by her. They were dragged out into the street from their houses. Less than half an hour and the town was free from the church. The people started celebrating in the streets. They were singing and dancing, she could smell food being cooked. She had seen celebrations before, but this was something more, the joy and happiness were tangible in the air. And then someone picked her up, to hold her up and paraded her through the street. She could not help but laugh. Where she could she picked up fire and shooting it into the air. Then she saw someone had done the same with Amarensia. Her face was red with laughter, and for the first time in ages, she didn’t look tired. She looked happy. Joyful. Her heart made a summersault. They got closer and they looked at each other for a moment. It looked like she was floating on a cloud. And she was smiling at her, that bright wonderful smile where the dimple on her right side came out. And she was with her in this cloud in the air. A part of her just wanted to take her hand and float away, from all of this. Float with her around the world, to the archipelago. But another part of her wanted to stay here. A dark part, that wanted to burn the rest of the church. And in her secret heart, she suspected the dark part would get what it wanted.

Zinra, Amarensia, Targon and Lezz had been let go for the time. Liza and Gork had decided to go and look in the hideout, while the rest of the gang went and looked in the priest's office. 
“They sure know how to celebrate here.” Targon was laughed as he looked over the shelves as he sang under his breath. Amarensia and Lezz were at the desk looking over a stack of paper. Zinra was sitting on a chair looking at them. The use of fire and the celebration had drained her, and she needed to rest.
“Fuck.” They all turned to Amarensia who lent back in her chair.
“What do you mean?” she held up a paper.
“This is a report. The inquisition was sent to Alcanos.”
“Yeah and?”
“They left last night, as I quote “they were needed to look into what happened there.” She could cut the silence with a knife. “What was left here was a skeleton crew yes. But they had way more people than we thought. And all of them went to Alcanos.“
“But they told us the number. We hade a clear number on the people in town.”
“And yet here we have the proof. There are way fewer here than we thought. And when the word of what happened here reaches them…” She could see the full realization spread over Targons face.
“They will return. With way more. They will probably take what they can and raise the town.” Amarensia put her head in her hands and put her elbows on the table. “They will condemn all of us as heretics. And that is not all.” She picked up another scroll.
“This one talks about the priest that was killed here. It's a report to some bishop about how they can use his disappearance as an excuse. They also talk about how the job in Alcanos will be used as the last straw.” She lifted her head. “We have been played since the start.”
“Everything we have done they have known.” Lezz picked up a piece of wood and started to fidget with it. It had been her fault then. All of this was because she killed that priest what felt like years ago. She should be angry. But she just didn’t care anymore. Let them ploy and scheme. They would still burn.
“It doesn’t change anything.” They all turned to her. “We still fight them when they return. There is nothing more than that.”
“What about the spy?” They turned to Targon. “We can’t let something like that fly now.”
“It is something we need to keep an eye out for. But it could be anyone. And unless we get hard proof, we are not going to go on a hunt for them.” Ama lend forward and planted her elbows on the desk.
“So. We are at war. What do we have?” Lezz took up a piece of coal and a blank paper. She let out a breath, and she turned to take a glance at Ama. That smile she had seen when they were getting carried where back.
“The guard, Zinra, Folks willing to fight. No walls, and the church hating us. No allies that I know of, Alcanos and Tontanos are taken already.”
“I'm sure there are people there who would join us if they could,” Targon said.
“Probably but they are not coming. The church has dug its claws too deep there. It would be a slaughter if they tried to rebel. Let's just focus here for now. But if we show them that it is possible, we might be able to do something in the future.” Words started to flow back and forth, things they needed to look up to, people to talk to. So much to plan. But in the middle of all of that, she managed to catch Amarensias eyes for a moment. And she winked at her.

Targon had spent the day talking with the guard, seeing who could fight and who was willing. Amarensia was with Lezz going around the city looking at defenses. No one was an expert, but they did what they could. The city had decided to let them lead this. There had been no official vote, but with the mayor gone, and any town council member either dead or disgraced for bowing to the church there was no one with real power left to stop them. 
But everyone felt how fragile this all was. It would not take much to make this all crumble down. It all hanged on a tread of fragile hope. And their grand test would come soon. During all this Zinra spent most of her time indoors.
“I don't wanna talk with them.” She was sitting on the floor as Amarensia was preparing to go outside with Lezz.
“You're their hero. You should at least go outside and, I don't know wave at them.” She brushed her hair behind her ear. She wanted to ask her to stay with her. Could the two of them not just stay inside for a while? But that would have been so selfish of her.
“But…” It was hard to describe what she felt. One part was pride, they saw her as something big like a hero. The happiness they felt for her coming in and saving them. But there was another part that did not like this at all. There were so many people outside. All of them wanted to talk to her. And maybe someone would comment on her looks.
“Look. You don't have to go outside. But I'm gonna be honest with you. You're the centerpiece now. You're their hero, you are the one they believe in. Going out there, waving, and talking with them will help to boost morale.” Amarensia held out her hand to her, and her smile lit up the room. 
She took a deep breath, took the hand, and with dread in her stomach walked outside. The moment she opened the door she regretted it. Ama said something to the crowd and walked away, leaving her alone with them. There were around ten people outside. And they bombarded her with questions. Who was she? Where did she live? How had she done the thing with fire? What had happened with her hand? Where had she gotten the eyepatch? On and on they went. She tried to answer all the questions the best she could, but they never stopped. More and more people joined in and wanted to talk to her. Some tried to give her gifts of food and trinkets. The questions just keep repeating over and over again. She didn’t know how long she endured it, but when she could not take it anymore, she mumbled some kind of excuse and went inside.
She went back to the same place and tried to ignore her itching ghost hand.

The evening they were sitting and eating in what had become their home base. They decided to not use the old hideout, instead, they moved into the mayor's house. Ama had said it was a symbolic move for the town.
“Some good news is most of the guard is still here. They folded to the church but on the basis of "rather bend then die".”
“Will they just fold again when the church returns?” Targon shook his head.
“I don't think so. They like the town and want to do what is best for it. But we do have another massive problem.” He stood up and walked to the wall and took a spear that had been leaning against the wall.
“This was filled in the guard armory.” He held out the speer so the tip of it was in the light of the fading sun.
“Weapons? How is that bad?”
“Look at it.” It took them a moment for them to see it.
“Iron. It's made of iron.”
“Yes, Lezz. They replaced all of the city bronze with iron weapons. What does that tell us?”
“Where did they get that much iron.”
“That is the golden question. If they can just replace one city's weapons with iron… They must have a lot of it.”
“The crates in Tontanos.” They all turned to Lezz. “I bet they were going to the church.” Dread was setting around the table.
“Or the crates were just going to the borderlands or the Danaris Lezz. No need for wild speculation here.” Liza was leaning against the wall drinking a cup of tea.
“Let's assume the iron was for the church though.” Amarensia threw a look at Liza. “If the church is all armed with iron weapons, what does that mean?”
“You can still fight with bronze, but it's an uphill battle. They will win in the end. Iron beats bronze.”
“Why is that?” Targon turned to her.
“We never got to that part, did we?” He smiled at her. “Bronze is sharp, but it is soft. Easy to dent. Iron is way harder than bronze. Let say you have two swords. One iron one bronze. If they strike each other, the iron sword will leave a mark on the bronze. The bronze might nick the iron, or not at all. You can still win of course, but you are always at a disadvantage. And if they have armor of iron, they are way harder to penetrate than bronze.”
“But who helped them melt it?” They turned to Lezz.
“Iron is hard to get, but not impossible. The hard part is melting it. Who melted it for them?”
“That is the golden question now, isn't it?”
“You can’t have two golden questions Targon.” 
“Not the goat people that is for sure.”
“Maybe they found a way on their own.” 
“It doesn't matter.” They all turned to Amarensia. “They have iron weapons, but we also have some. How many guards do we have?”
“Around thirty. Some more that are willing to fight that are farmers and merchants. With them, we are around fifth maybe sixty. “
“What weapons do we have?” 
“Spears and Shields. Some arrows and bows. But the guard ain't trained with bows, and I'm also shit with them.”
“Do we have any hunters that are willing to train?”
“Probably.” Ama took a deep breath and stared at the table. She could see the gears turn in her head and the weight that had settled on all of them.
“I'm sorry Zinra, but you are going to be our queen on the board here. We are not stopping the soldiers and the inquisition with that.” She turned to look at her, and her eyes were filled with sorrow.
“It's alright.” She tried to smile at her, to ease the worry she saw in her. It probably didn’t work “Do we know where they would come from? Alconos or Tontanos?”
“First from Alconos. With backup from Tontanos.”
“So, what do you need to burn a small army down?” Something settled in her stomach. She could already see it, all the new faces she would see. The price to pay to stop them. And she would pay it. There was no one else that could do it.
“I… I don't know. An army on that scale… I need a big source. A source that is way bigger than anything I have ever worked with.” Amarensia nodded.
“How do we do that then?”
“Can we just light something big on fire nearby? Like we pile high wood, wool, and grass? The army comes here, and we lit that?” Lezz was playing with a piece of charcoal.
“That…That would work. But won't they find it a bit suspicious that, hey here is a pile of flambe things? Don't mind it but please come near?” 
“How far away do you need to be to draw from it?” 
“The closer the better. If it is on the other side of the town, I will just exhaust myself dragging it to me.”
“What about behind a building, or inside one? Do you need to see it?”
“A wall should not be a problem, and no I don't need to see it anymore.” They all turned to her. Amarensia raised her eyebrow. “I…I learned some new stuff while I was away.”
“Like what?” 
“I can see fire in things. And It works through walls.”
“Then this is easy. We just hide the pile somewhere, we lead the army there, light it on fire, and then we kill them with that.”
“That…That is not a bad plan.” Amarensia put her hand on Zinras hand.
“Are you okay with this?” For a moment she was frozen. It was just her and Ama in this room. She looked at the hand, then back to her. She wanted to hold her hand. She could drown in her eyes. She wanted to know what her hair felt like.
“I'm okay with this.” 
“Good.” She smiled and removed her hand. It felt like all the warmth in the world went away with it. All she wanted was to hold her again.

That night she had a problem sleeping. All her thoughts revolved around Ama. She liked her. Ama had been nice to her, given her a home. But lately, it felt like there was something more. What it was she could not tell, or maybe she didn’t want to say to herself. But at night when she was alone, her thoughts always came to her.
She loved how she always had a plan, she could think herself out of anything, and she did care about everyone, how she put the gang above everything else. Which meant Zin was nothing special to her. Just another part of the crew. She had done similar things to the others. Right? Her thought lingered on her hand, and her hair. Her face. When she finally fell asleep that night, there were no crying, nor nightmares.

“Let me get this straight. You want us to empty our stores of wool, oil, and wood just so you can light it on fire.” They had gathered some of the townspeople to talk about their plans.
“That is the gist of it. But we are doing it for a reason.” Amarensia was the one leading the planning. She was sitting behind the mayor's desk, and Zinra was standing next to her. She had her hood down. She could already see people looking at her, they had not seen her with her hood down before. If they were scared or disgusted by her she could not tell.
 They had convinced the town on most things. They would fight with them when the church came back. Targon had started training the townspeople who would fight and he had recruited some of the older guards to train. But it was not enough. They would need a grand fire.
“I fail to see how burning our livelihood will help here.” An older woman crossed her arms, and she could hear other people agreeing in the crowd. Far too many for her liking.
“Were you there when we burnt the platform?” The woman nodded. “Then you know what my friend here can do.” She waved at her. “All that came from an embertube. Imagine what devastation she can bring with a blazing inferno.” 
“You want to burn all our stuff for this freak?” It came from the back of the room. She felt like she had been punched. But she could not blame them. Here is the one-handed, one-eyed freak covered in burnt scare who can control flame. Of course, she scared people. She scared herself some days.
“Zinra.” Her voice cut through any chatter in the room, and it fell dead silent. “That is her name, and she is not a freak. She is human like the rest of you. She has a gift. A gift that is going to save this town.” She stood up and leaned over the table on her knuckles. “Tell me, what do you think is going to happen when the church returns?” They all shifted where they stood. “Last time they were here they decapitated people and displayed their heads on the platform. Now since we drove them out once, they will do worse. They will kill this town. There is going to be so much death here that has not been seen since the drought. But worse. They will condemn all of us to heresy. And we are surrounded. No help is coming from Alconos. Or Tontanos. We are all alone in this. The things we have that we can use to fight them, are the things we already have. Our only triumph card here is her. She can burn them all away. But she needs help. She needs a flame to start with.” She sat down.
“I know I am asking a lot from you; it is a massive sacrifice. But if we don't do this, we will lose, and the town is gone. This is not a hard decision.” She wanted to hug her. But she stood motionless next to her. But she could feel the warmth emanation from her, and her butterflies were going in loops.
“Wool growes back. And it's not like we have anyone to sell it to.”
“We can make more oil.” She heard how the conversation shifted. They had gotten them to their side. Some people were still arguing but most were willing to give up their goods. She was so good at this. Arguing and convincing people. They would have their fire.

They were eating dinner around the table.
“How is it going Targon?”
“Ehhh. Bless them they want to fight. But they are not going to win this for us. There are just too few of them, and they all have different and wrong ideas about how to handle a spear and a sword. They will break the moment the church comes to them.” Somehow, he still said all of that with a smile on his face. 
“So, we have to use them as a decoy?”
“Yeah, if we put them in a straight fight we will lose.”
“It's better than nothing.” Lezz was poking at his food, not eating it just showing it around his bowl.
“Lezz? Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I'm fine.” He took a bite of the food. “Another two families left today.” 
“What?” She put her spoon down.
“They packed their things and left. Said they would just move out to a farm.”
“How many is that now in total?”
“Five.”
“They…They just fled?” 
“Yeah. What did you expect?”
“Fucking cowards.” 
“Zinra. We just came in and saved their town, and they are all very grateful for that. But this, all of this is balancing on a cliff edge. They don't think we can win. So they packed their loved ones and went out. Can you blame them?”
“Yes, I fucking can!” She slammed her hand on the table. “Those ungrateful shits… All we did for them, and they take this opportunity to fucking run!? How dare they! We should find them and drag them.”
“ZIN.” All eyes turned to Amarensia. “Enough.” With a huff, she got up and left the house. She climbed to the roof and looked over the town. How dare they? Just run away from it all. She kicked a piece of dirt and let it fly. She wanted to punch something. 
“So Sparkles. Wanna talk about what that was all about?” Targon walked up to her and sat down next to her.
“I… It's hard to explain.”
“Take your time.” Damn him and his calmness. Did he ever get angry, and not want to be understanding?
“It's just… We didn’t have to save them. We could also have left. Runaway and hide. Instead, we came and saved them all. We are planning an impossible defense of a town. You are training them to fight. And I lost my fucking hand and eye to kill them. And they just run away!” He sat in silence and looked at her. “We gave so much. And they just use that to run away, instead of staying and helping.”
“It sucks.” 
“It does.”
“But I can't blame them. They want to save themself and their loved ones. And they believe that they have a better chance out there.”
“That still makes them fucking cowards.”
“Maybe. But we planned to run away. It's the sensible thing to do. If it was just a bandit raid I would be angrier. But this is a war. And the deck is so stacked against us.” He took a deep breath. “Sometimes being a coward is the safe thing. And is that so bad?”
“Hmpf.” A part of her knew he was right. It didn’t change how she felt.
“Look, Sparkles. Being angry about this is okay. I'm not gonna act like we are not all bummed out about the ones that are leaving. But there is not much we can do about it. We take it, and then we move on.” He lent in and placed his hand on her knee. “Use that frustration as fuel. Show those cowards what we can do.” He got up and walked down. She sat for a while longer, until her emotions were cool enough that she could meet people again.
When she got down from the roof Amarensia was packing bags. Were they leaving? Her heart started to speed up again. She had done it again. They were going to leave her, why could she not just keep her fucking mouth shut.
“Zin, we are going to the bathhouse, are you coming?” Ama lifted her sack and shone her a smile. Her heart started to calm down, while her stomach started to whirl. 
“Yes, I so need it.” She took a spare robe, and they went to the bathhouse, just like they had planned. Her mind was just overreacting to everything going on. She could not wait until all of this was over. But somewhere in her secret heart, she suspected that would be a long time away.

She and Lezz were playing chess.
“How are you doing?” He was placing his pieces on the board
“I'm alright. All of this is just piss.” Lezz laughed.
“Yeah. It's all a bit of piss and shit. But I have an idea.”
“And that is?”
“We need to show them what you can do.”
“They did see at the platform.”
“That was too quick. We need to give them a show. Something that will inspire them. Show them what you can do, the extent of your powers. We need them to believe in you.”
“Like… Like what?” Her stomach was turning into knots.
“Not burning bodies if that is what you were thinking. No something flashier. Like, juggle with fire. Make shapes of it. Make it dance over your body. Stuff like that.” She imagined it. Standing in the middle of the town, showing them what she could do. Like when a carnival comes into town and show juggling or other amazing things. Come and look at the one-handed freak playing with fire. Come and see as she turns human bodies to ash and leaves the smell of burning humans in the air. Her ghost hand where itching like it was being bitten by lice. 
“Zinra?.” Lezz was about to move his piece when he stopped.
“What?” She could feel her heart beating out of her chest.
“Are you okay?”
“Yes, I'm fine. Where would be doing it?” She tried to be Targon, and let it all wash away from her. 
“In town square. Are you sure you are okay?”
“Fine as the river. Put out torches and I can do some stuff. Fuck, I can be their cooking fire if they want. Come and grill your meat on the freak fire girl.”
He laughed. 
“I think we can come up with a better slogan.” They didn’t discuss the plan anymore. And she knew it would help. Seeing the full extent of her power might inspire them. But it would make everyone look at her. To see her.

They had gathered people into the square of the town. Targon had lit four torches around her, and she was sitting on the ground. There were fewer people here than they had hoped, but word of mouth would spread of what they saw here. She had her hood up and was trying to not look at the crowd. She tried to calm and unmovable like a stone. Amarensia was standing in front of her, Targon to the left of her. 
“I know you are afraid. The church is coming back with fury in its hearts. And all that stands between them killing this town are few brave people. But we have one thing they don't have. They might have gods on their side. We have a herald of fire.”
She poured power into the torches Four pillars of flame sprouted up beside her, like corners to a temple. She then bent the flame to form a roof over her. 
“Look at her! Some of you saw what she did when we liberated the town. That was with a mere ember. This is what she can do with real fire.”
The people moved away from her. There were shock, fear and awe on their face. Then she let the flame fall on her. To engulf her. There were parts of her that always panicked at this. The part of her that had lived all her life with fire is hot and will burn you. Instinct was hard to overcome. But the flame did not hurt her. Her clothes did not burn. She stood up. She tried to mold the flame, to make it look like she was bigger, like a giant sticking out of the ground.
“This is the power we have! This is what will save us when the church comes.” Then a chant was started. She didn’t know who started it but it came from the back and spread quickly around. Fire. Fire fire. In the end, everyone was chanting fire fire fire. She could just stare at them, they all looked at her like she was a hero. From the story, a hero had come to save the town from monsters. The knots in her stomach were turning into stone at this point. So much in the coming days would be on her shoulders. It all lay on her to save them. Then Amarensia turned around. She was smiling, and there was a sense of wonder on her face. She was so beautiful. Some of the knots dissolved. She slowly let the fire fade; she didn’t want to be spent at the end of the day.

After that everyone wanted to come and talk to her. They had so many questions. Where are you from? How do you do that? Can you teach me? No, teach me. I want to become your apprentice. Are you married? She was overwhelmed, and it probably showed on her. Targon came in and escorted her back to the office.
“Thank you.”
“No worries. I think you got them going now.” It was eating time and she took her food to the roof. She knew she should eat but she had no appetite. Her mind was just filled with their questions, and it went over them again and again. There was a knock on the roof door.
“Do you wanna be alone?” Amarensia was standing at the roof door.
“Yes. No. Just wanna be away from them.” She sat down next to her.
“I want to apologize. I put all of this on you.”
“It's alright. I kinda made myself do this. And it worked, didn’t it?”
“They can't stop talking about you. They are probably going to write songs about you.”
“They wanted to learn this. How to control fire.”
“Can you blame them? You looked so cool, standing there controlling the fire without moving. And the shapes and speed you did it with.” She turned to look at her. The aw on her face was still there. She was sitting so close; she could feel the heat from her. The smile on her face was so wonderful. She would do anything for that smile.
“I don't know how to teach this. And I'm pretty sure people don't want to pay the price for it.”
“What do you mean?”
“I got this power by almost dying to fire. Lost my hand and eye and scarred my face. The only other herald I know of almost drowned in the river. Can you imagine if we started asking people if they want to drown, or almost be killed by fire?” 
“I'm sure there are some out there that would accept it.”
“Would you?” She locked eyes with her.
“Nah. Don't get me wrong what you do is amazing. But I have enough on my hands looking after you. I don't need more amazing things in my life after you came in.” Her whole face turned red, and she looked away. How did she do that? How could she time and time again blindside her and make her blush so much? 
“Somedays I still wonder if it was worth it.”
“Why?” The smile had faded from her.
“Because…” What would she tell her? The lord of fire talked to her? That sometimes her right hand itched so much it would drive her insane. That everyone saw her as a freak? “There are side effects.”
“Like what?” Damn her eyes. 
“My hand itches.”
“Your hand itches?” She raised her eyebrow.
“My right hand. Some days it feels like it is still there.” She lifted her stump and looked at it. “When I first lost it I still felt like I could do things with it. I tried to catch things with it. These days tho it just itches. Some days it just itches so much it drives me up the wall. Have you ever tried to scratch something that isn’t there?”
“I…”
“And if that was all of it then it would be okay. But having the lord of fire talk to you… There is nothing pleasant about it. Knowing that other people might talk to them… Do you know that they just want me to burn stuff? That is all they want.
“I'm so sorry. That sounds awful.” For a moment she just sat there, looking at Amarensia. Then to her surprise, she put her head on her shoulder. If Amarensia was against it, it didn't show.
“Have you ever argued with them? Told them no? “ Zinra let out a chuckle.
“You have no idea. If I did everything, they wanted the whole town would have burnt down. Sometimes they punish me for arguing. But they have been quiet ever since I told them no at the river.”
“So, the times you couldn’t use fire?”
“I said no. The first time was when I got to town. I had walked from the farm to town. A nice shoemaker took me in. He nourished me back to health and took care of my wounds. Even got the healing woman in. But when I was good enough to walk, I saw that they had a symbol of justice in their home. And the Lord wanted me to burn it. Burn the house down. Burn it all down. And a part of me wanted to Ama. I was so angry, and them… You have no idea about the depths of anger the lord of fire is capable of. Also that time we first met. They were still angry. It is why it took so long before I could do it.”
“That explains a few things.
“Yeah. “Amarensia put her arm around her shoulder and squeezed.
“Has anyone told you that you are amazing? I don't think many people can say no to an elemental lord. That take guts.”
“Or just being stupid.”
“You're not stupid. Never say that to yourself. You're brave and amazing.” They sat and watched the town. For a moment all felt normal. They were just two people sitting on a roof, watching the world go by. There was no hint of the church or danger to come. She wanted this. To sit here with her. What could be better than this?

“I have a plan. I don't know if it is good, but it's the best I can do.” 
“Tell me Lezz.” He took out a handmade map of the town.
“Here. Here is where we will fight. We have the river on one side, the city behind us. Which leaves us still with two open sides. Can you make a wall of fire? Coop them in?”
“With a large enough fire sure.”  
“Good. Good. This is the best we have for now. And this should work. We can place our archers on the rooftops so they can just pour arrows down at them.”
“So I make a wall of fire, and then just drown them in flame? And then arrows?”
“Basically yeah.” He let out a breath.
“Good plan. Small and simple.” He smiled shyly and looked at the ground.
“I just hope this works. I need this to work.”
“It is going to be fine.” She took him in for a hug until she felt him relax a little bit. “Let's just play some chess and not think about it. Okay?” He nodded, and they spent the evening playing.

Zinra was taking care of the sheep. Her mum had her hands full with her baby sibling, and her father had decided to spend the week home again. He had been doing that a lot lately. It was nice of him to stay home, even though they didn’t need it. 
There was a sound coming from the road to the farm. Four horses were barrelling down the road to her house. As they got closer, she saw the clothes they were wearing. White. Church members. Why would church members come here?
Then she saw who was leading the procession. Renaldo. Her stomach sunk.
As they dismounted, she walked up to them.
“Hello, Renaldo.”
“Ah Zinra, so nice to see you.” He was smiling at her, but it was a mask. She had seen that smile so many times before at teachers. It was his shit-eating smile.
“What do you want?” 
“Oh, I'm just here to talk a little. Are your parents’ home?” Like on cue the door opened and her parents stepped out. 
“Ah, there you are. How lovely to see you all.”
“Ah, you came.” She and her mum turned to dad. 
“Did you call them here?” Her mum was holding the baby against her chest.
“Honey… All this talk about…You know. How you have been telling Zinra about how the world works.” Her stomach sank deeper. “I just wanted them here to talk.”
“Yes. He said that there were heretics here. That, someone, was here spreading lies about the gods and the world.”
“Well heretics is a bit of a strong word I just meant that-“
 “And we heard you have become parents to a second child, congratulations! We just hope that we can save all your souls.”
“I want you all to leave, right now.” Her mum was stiff, and she could see the anger in her face.
“But we were already invited here, by your husband. And we rode all the way from Alcanos. It would be so rude to send us away now, wouldn't it?” Renaldo took a step towards them.
“Let's just hear what they have to say, honey.” He put his hand on her shoulder. She stared daggers into her father.
“Fine. Let's talk inside. She followed them inside, being the last to enter her house. 
They sat down in the kitchen around the table. The church members were standing, there was only seating for the people of the household. They never got guests over. They looked like giants, and she was a little ant standing up to them. 
“First I wanna congratulate on the baby. It seems we all have something to celebrate. You for a new family member, and me for becoming a priest.” 
“You finally brownnose your way up?”
“Zinra!” Her dad looked at her in horror. Renaldo turned his face to her.
“You were always good with crude insults. No, I worked hard. And now I'm here to save your souls.” He held out his arms. “Your father has told me your mother has spread lies about the world and the gods. And I have heard the way you talk Zinra.” Did all of them see the fake smile? How could dad have trusted him, to invite them here? Was it just her? Mum did probably see it. 
“They are not lies. It's just how I see the world. And I have the right to teach my children and my family how the world works.” She had never seen mum so angry. 
“Ah. But of course. But what about their soul? What about when they die?”
“Then they die.” She could see the other church members shift where they stood.
“Don't you want them to have a happy afterlife? You know that the god of death takes everyone who dies, and either sends them to heaven or punishment. Punishment is where they send people who spread lies. Like heresy about how the world works. Do you want your children to be punished for the sins of the parents?”
“Then the god of death is a very cruel god.”
“He just does what is best for us.”
“How do you know this?”
“Because we talk to them. We hear the god's words, and we spread them around. We just want to save everyone. We want everyone to go to heaven. Let us help you.” He held out his hand on the table. Her father was looking at mum. Did he believe them? Did he believe what Renaldo was saying? The shit he was talking about. She always knew that dad and mum argued about these things, but she never guessed how deeply he believed.
“Is that all?” Mum held the baby to her chest. She stared daggers into Renaldo, and she could see him falter. There was nothing to argue with her. She would not move an inch.
“Yes, that is all.” He took his hand back to his side.
“Then you may leave. We listened to you.” The smile on Renadlos's face melted away.
“You are turning away the church, turning away salvation for you children and yourself?”
“It's my home. And I want you to leave my home now.”
“Very well. Comrades. You have borne witness to this. We did our best to save their souls. It's up to the gods now.”
They left the room, and she went out with them. She wanted to make sure they left. The moment the door closed she could hear her parents start to argue. 
“You are making a mistake Zinra. I'm not your enemy. I'm here to help you.” She watched as they all got on their horses.
“Like at Teacher? How you pulled my hair? How you went to Teacher the moment you saw someone doing something wrong. How you could not keep one secret? How you bullied everyone smaller than you? How you spread rumors? You know what you are Renaldo? A scared child who wants to be a bully. But you can't even manage that. You are pathetic.” She heard a snigger from one of the priests, another one was smiling. Renaldo’s face she recognized. He had worn it many times at Teacher. The pathetic anger and rage on it. But he would never do anything with it.
“We are leaving.” She watched them ride away. She stood there until she could not hear or see them anymore. She took a deep breath, swore a bit, and went back to the sheep.
She did not go into the house until the evening. She heard her parents argue, and how it turned to shouting. Her dad had done this. Brought the eye of the church to their house. Went behind all their backs. Why? Why would he do something like this? And why not talk to them first? 
The door opened and her dad came out. He was carrying a bag on his shoulder. He came to her, with heavy steps.
“Where are you going?”
“Montanos. You’r mum…” His eyes were red, and she could hear the tears that were about to fall. “I'm sorry Zin. I just wanted to do the right thing.” She wanted to hug him. But he had betrayed her and mum. She could not forgive him. Not today.
“I know dad. “ They looked at each other for a moment, then he walked down the road. She also watched as he disappeared into the twilight. She went back to the house, feeling nothing but sorrow.
Her mum was at the kitchen table feeding the baby.
“Is he gone?” 
“Yeah.” Her mum nodded. She made herself some dinner, but she did not eat much. Nor did they talk much. What was there to say. They went to sleep, and the next morning they continued like normal. For a few days, things were kinda normal again. It was just like he was at work again. They did not talk about him until they came back.






Chapter 14

Dad had been gone for a month now. Mum said he would be staying in Montanos for the foreseeable future. They did not talk much about him. Neither of them had forgiven him for bringing the church to their house. And every time they approached the subject of dad, mum looked so sad. She thought she felt the same betrayal as her. She still hadn’t said what they had argued about that day, but it was not hard to figure out. 
It was harder to work just the two of them, but they managed so far. Mum spent most of her time with the baby, and she took care of the sheep and the little crops they had. It was all still manageable with harvesting season still far away. But when that would roll around, well they would deal it with then. Time for the teacher had been put on hold for the foreseeable future.  
It was getting late and mum had gone to sleep early, and Zinra was with the baby outside. She was playing peek-a-boo, trying to tire the baby out enough so they would sleep.
“Where are you Peak a boo!” The baby was laughing every time she went boo. And finally, they started to yawn. 
“Are you tired? Wanna go to bed and sleep?” The baby made some gurgling noises. “Yes, I think you want to sleep.” The baby yawned again. She took the bundle and carefully carried them inside. The baby had a little bed next to Mum's bed and she was snoring. She gently put the baby in bed. And she started to sing a lullaby that her mum had sung every night. And had probably sung the same song to her when she was going to bed. The baby let out a big yawn and fell asleep. 
“Good night.” 
“Thank you, Zin.” She heard her mum mumble. She smiled and she went back to the kitchen. She cut up a slice of cheese and bread. They were doing alright, just mum and her and the baby. And she was sure they could ask help from Montanos with the harvest when it would come around. But the house did feel a bit emptier. Even though dad was more often away than home. And…
There was a sound outside. A rumbling. Horses? At this time of day? She looked out the window. She couldn’t see anything, but then again, the road was on the other side of the house. She walked to the door and opened it. 
Outside were her dad, and church members. Around five. And Renaldo was there. 
“What is this? Dad? Renaldo?”
“I'm so sorry Zinra.”
“What do yo-.” For a moment she felt a sharp pain in her head, she saw stars then passed out.
-
She woke sometime later. She was sitting on the ground, against a wall. Her head was aching like a screaming prairie dog. She tried to think back, what had happened? Her dad had come home… But he was not alone. He had brought people with him… He had brought the church with him. She looked around as her head became clearer. Her left hand was in her lap, and her right hand was attached to the wall with something. She tried to focus on what was in front of her. She saw priests kneeling and praying. Renaldo was among them. In front of them were her mum and dad. Both bound in rope. Renaldo opened his eyes, looked at her, and smiled.
“What is going on…” Renaldo got up and walked to her and knelt in front of her.
“Oh, my dear Zinra. I'm so sorry. We did what we could. We tried to save you all. But then you threw us out. And we debated what we would do with you, leave you here on your farm. But then, your father came to us. He pleaded and begged us. Please, save my children’s souls.” He put on a mocking voice “Please, I did what I could, but it was their mother. She was the one who leads them away from the church teaching. I tried to teach them about the church, about the gods.” He smiled at her. “Don't you worry, we will save your souls. We are good people.”
She spat at him. 
“You are fucking cowards. Arriving at the night, knocking me out. You always were a coward, Renaldo. Spineless little shit.”
“Maybe. But I'm the one with the power.” He took out a piece of cloth and washed away the spit, smiled at her, like a wolf smiling at a sheep. “And dont you worry, you will get to hear and see all of it.” He got back to her parents.
“Alas, we have prayed to justice, and we have gotten an answer. Sadly it seems the corruption runs too deep. You.” He pointed at her mother. “You have spread your lies for the last time. You have corrupted your children. There is only one way to save them, so the god of death will take them. A sacrifice.” The other church member went and picked up her mum and dad. They shouted in protests, and over their shouts, the baby started to cry. Renaldo walked over to her. 
“But don't you worry, you won't be in there with them. I think you will just get to stay here and watch.” 
“What are you doing?! This is not what we talked about? Please let us g-“Someone showed a piece of cloth into her father mouth. She saw how they were trown into the house, and Renaldo took out a sack. She started to struggle, and scream, and tried to stand up. But the thing tying her hand to the wall was so short and attached in an odd angle she could not stand. She tried to punch him instead. It did miss by a wide margin. And he punchedher again. The last she saw was his wolf smile.

She woke up to the sound of screaming. Everything was blurry and hazy. And the screaming prairie dog in her head had grown a second mount. She couldn’t see. What was the screaming…
Then things came back to her slowly. The church. Mum, dad. Then the smell came. Fire and smoke. Something was burning. And she could not see. She put her free hand to her head. Someone had put a hood over her face. And it was tied tight over her throat. She tried to get up, but something stopped her. Renaldo had tied her arm to the wall. And set fire to the house. And her mum and dad were inside with her sibling.
“Mum! Dad!” The screaming was fading from the house, as coughing took over. And even that sounded weak. They had locked them inside and bound them in rope. She tried to pull and twist her way out, but nothing. She moved her hand to the thing keeping her tied to the wall. Her stomach sank. It was not rope, it was metal. She tried to feel her way to the point that was attached to the wall. there was a look on it. Which did not help her at all. The fire was getting closer. She dragged her legs up to her. Had they taken it? No, it was still there. She took up her knife strapped to her leg. First, she tried to cut the hood off her face. But she quickly gave up on that as she almost stabbed her eye out. The hood was made of some thought fabric and the same with the cord. Then she tried to jam the knife into the look of the chain, in a vain hope it would do something. She started to cough as the smoke was closer now. In a desperate attempt, she started hacking at the place in the wall where the chain was attached.
Then she felt the pain.
The fire had jumped to the cloth over her face. She screamed. The right side of her face was on fire. The pain…The pain was nothing like she had ever experienced.
Then it felt like time stopped for a moment.
“I can help you.” A voice crept into her mind.
“Who are you?”
“I am the lord of fire. I can take away the pain. I can make fire your to control, to make it your tool. For revenge.” It was like listening to an inferno. 
“What do I need to do?”
“Give me, your hand.”
“What?”
“You have the tool you need. All you need to do is give me, your hand. Or die here.” 
“What are you talking about?!” The voice faded and it felt like time started up again. But a calm had settled in her mind. A calm she didn’t know she was capable of. She was going to die here if she did nothing. And maybe her mind was unraveling from the pain. But that had to be the lord of fire. The lord of fire had spoken to her.
She still held the dagger in her hand. And her mind was made up. There was only one way out.
She started cutting and slashing at her arm. The pain wasn't there, she didn’t think about what she was doing. It felt like someone else was doing it, or that she was doing it to someone else. It was only later when she tried to speak did she realize she had been screaming the whole time. After what felt like an eternity she came to a realization. Bones could not be cut with a knife. She dropped the knife and desperately searched the ground for a rock. When she found one she said a little thanks to herself as she had been too lazy to remove them. She picked it up and smashed her arm. After that, it didn’t take long, and her arm got loose. 
“Good. Good. You are my herald now. We will do wonderful things.” The sack over her face was fully aflame and yet… There was no pain. There was agonizing pain from her arm, but her face… Just some small lingering pain. She watched as the sack burnt away and there was nothing left. She lifted her right arm and… Something was wrong. It was like she only saw a half of the world. She raised her hand to her face. Her skin was filled with blisters and sores. And her right eye socket was empty. 
“We need to deal with your hand. Put it against your dagger.” Her dagger laid on the ground and she just stared at it for a moment, and then at her stump of a hand. Blood was pouring out of it. Too tired and in too much pain to argue she put the stump against the dagger.
The pain was agony. It felt like someone had pushed the sun to her stump.
“To stop the bleeding.”
It was too much for her, as she fell over and passed out.

She woke up sometime later. 
Everything hurt, and she was shivering. She got to her feet slowly. She tried to remember what had happened. Dad had come home… The church had come… The fire! She turned to the house.
The house had stopped burning. It was just smoldering now, with some puffs of smoke coming up from it.
“Mum…dad?” Her voice was rough and weak. And in her heart, she knew there would be no response. She remembered the screams. They were dead. Her parents and baby sibling were dead. She should be crying. But there were no tears. Only slow-building anger. Like a forest catching on fire it grew. She looked at her stump. It had stopped bleeding, but it was a mess of scabs and scar tissue. 
Her clothes were whole. She tried to take a few steps forward. Her legs were shaky, but she could walk. The anger in her was all-consuming. The church had done this. Renaldo had done this. They would pay. They would all pay.
One step. She took one step after the other.
Montanos. She had to get to Montanos.

The next day was spent on moving material. People from all over town came with what they could spare. Wood, wool, oil, dung. Anything that could burn. The oil was stacked next to the pile ready to be poured on when the day comes. The pile was taller than her now.
“Will this be enough?” Targon was standing next to the pile, a smile spreading on his face. 
“With this…” Words failed her. What could she not do with this much fire? There would be nothing they can do to stop her. “I can do so much with this. “ He laughed and patted her on the back.
“Glad to hear that. Now come, we have some things to plan.” They walked outside to what would be their battlefield. The river was on their left, and the city behind them. On their right where the road going west to Tontanos. Had the town been left alone and left to grow, the houses would probably be built here. But for now, it was just a semi flat field with grass and rocks.
“How are you gonna get them here?” She turned to him. “It looks kinda like we have planned to fight them here.”
“It does, and it's a bit hard to get away with that. But see it from their perspective. They are coming here expecting, what? Some town folks, the guard and farmers, armed with what they found that are going to fight them. They expect that this will be quick and dirty. But that we have probably set up some kind of trap. And they believe that this trap is so small and weak they can just walk into it and still win. And I think they are going to walk into it. But they are in for a surprise.” He smiled at her. She could not help but smile back. She did not feel as confident as he did, but it was hard to not get swept up in his enthusiasm.
“They are. But tell me how you will get them here.”
“Well, we are going to meet them on the road.” He pointed at the road. “We are going to stand as a mighty army. Then we will see them come, for a moment we will stand. Then we will act like we are breaking rank and running away. Not going to be hard to fake I assume. So, we run over here until we have the city at our back, this building on our side, and the river there. And then you close them in with fire. And then we kill them.”
“I hope it will be that easy.” She took a deep breath.
“Oh no. This is gonna fuck up. We are going to have desserts, maybe the river decides to dry up. Maybe they won't follow us. Or maybe they have some new kind of weapon. Plans fall apart.” 
“That is why plan easy.” She shone him a smile. He smiled back.
“We do. And it looks good to know what you are doing, boosts the morale. And no matter what happens, we are going to try to get them to you.” She nodded at him, and they went back to build the pile. She had gotten around to their way of thinking. When had detail plans ever worked for her? Things always fell apart, or things happened that you didn’t expect. React and adapt. That was her way now.
At the end of the day, the pile was complete. It stretched to the ceiling of the house. Most of it was wool, some textiles fabrics, and wood. It stank in here, she needed to have a cloth over her mouth and nose. And now they were throwing oil into it. Not all of it but enough to let the wool and wood soak. The base of the stack was wood. And they had placed an embertube in the house, and a torch ready to be lit. She could not do much but stand in awe of this. This would be her grand fire. But not today.
They had all gathered in the mayor's offices to eat dinner. Ama and Lezz had been talking with the townspeople about what they would do when the church came. They had been shown the cave where they could go and hide. The rest would hide on the other side of town or run into the plains.
“Have any more families run away?” 
“Just one. The show gave them the confidence boost to stay I think.” She was still angry at the family that ran away. But she would save the anger. She would need it later. 
There was a knock on the door, and a small boy came in. He was soaked in sweet panting.
“The church has been spotted!” Everyone was looking at each other around the table. This was it. The time had come. Amarensia put down her spoon.
“How far, and where from?”
“They will be here tomorrow. Around late morning. On the road from Alconos.”  
“Thank you. Go to bed. Same to all of you. Sleep the best you can and get up early.” They finished dinner, but she was too energetic to sleep. Tomorrow was the day things would go down. Had they planned enough? Had they overlooked something? What if the kid had lied? She needed to take her mind of the thought spiral. She focused on the ember in her mind, and the roaring fire next to it.
“Lord of fire. Would the lord of water be willing to help us tomorrow?” For a while there was nothing. Just the noise of fire.
“No.” She had never heard them like this. They used to be bombastic and sure. This was…Where they nervus? Unsure?
“What if we throw bodies into the river as a sacrifice?”
“No, they are mine.” Maybe she had just misheard. It had been long since she had talked to them. 

They woke with the rising sun, and everyone started to rush to their places. Targon took the city guard and went over their plan one more time. Zinra and Lezz went over the plan on their own, talking and comparing scenarios somewhere. She was standing on the roof of the building they would use to hide the fire. The heat would not bother her, and they did not think the roof would collapse under her.
 She would need a good sight over everything, and if she was up here, they hoped the church would just think she was another archer. Lezz would be the one to light the fire. Now they just had to do the dreadful waiting. He still hadn’t come back, probably staying with Ama a bit longer to try to calm her down. She should be with her. But she knew that would only make her more nervous if she were not at her spot.
They would be here soon, and she could not stand still. She had to keep moving. She decided to check on the fire pile for what felt like the five-hundredth time. It was the farthest she allowed herself to move away. As she made her way down the stairs, she saw Liza going into the house before her. She was carrying something under her arms. She followed her inside.
The pile stood in all its glory, smelling as bad as the day they made it. And in front of it stood Liza, armfuls of waterskins in her hand and on the ground around her.
“What are you doing?” She turned around and looked at her. 
“Oh, I'm just…” Something was starting to sink in her stomach.
“Thirsty?” She opened her vision to see if there was any fire nearby, she could use. Nothing as far as she could see. The embertube they had placed there earlier had been kicked and drowned in water. Liza took a deep breath.
“Well. I guess I don't need to pretend anymore.” She opened one of the waterskins and throw it on the pile. Zin took out her dagger and took up the combat stance Targon had drilled into her during all their day's training. 
“What? You gonna fight me?” She put down the waterskin and took up her dagger. “You are not going to burn?” She spat on the ground. “I should have dealt with you earlier. Made it so you would never have left Tontanos.”
“You. You were the one that sold us out.”
“Well. Yes.”
“Why?” 
“We used to be something. When Ansia ran us, we were unstoppable. We almost took over Montanos. We almost ran all of the plains. And look at us now. We are crawling around in the dirt. Ama has done nothing to change that. So I took matters into my own hands.”
“You joined the church.”
“They are the future. You are a relic that needs to die.” And she lunged for her. Training took over and she started to parry and dodged. But this was the first real fight she had been in. It was not the same as going against Targon. And the room was small. Liza was fast, and she kept her on her toes. She had to end this soon, her strength was needed for the real fight that was about to come. 
It became clear that she was outclassed in every way. Liza had managed to get in a few cuts and scratches. It would not be long now. She had one gamble. A desperate one but it was the only one she could think of.
She trusts her stump forward to her knife. She could see Lizas confusion for a moment, but it disappeared as fast as it came. She just hoped it would hold. She felt the impact going up her arm. For a split second, she thought it had gone through, but it was just her mind flinching for what it expected to come. Lizas dagger was stuck in her stump cover. She pulled her arm down and lunged with her other hand. 
She felt the dagger dig itself into her stomach, and she pulled upwards. She felt the warm blood pouring out of her and she heard her gasp. She pulled out the dagger, and Liza fell to her knees. She didn’t look at her, just at the blood pooling on the ground. And panic sat in. 
Would they believe her? All they would see is a dead Liza and her blood on her. She had to hide this. She could burn her and… And…
No. She would not lie. That had been her promise. She took a deep breath and walked outside.
She had been looking for Ama but she found Lezz first.
“There you are we…What happened Zin?” She could see the horror spread on his face.
“Go and get Ama and meet me in the firehouse.” He nodded and ran, and she made her way back. She thought she would be more panicked. But a strange calm had settled on her. She had nothing to hide. The sound of running came behind her.
“Zin what is going on…” The words faded as they stopped behind her and saw the corpse of their former friend in front of the pile.
“She was going to douse it all in water. And she told me she was the one that sold us out in Tontanos. I'm sorry.” Amarensias face was unreadable. Lezz face was like an open book.
“I was in the kitchen when she came. She told me she was getting waterskins for the guards… I didn’t…”
“Not your fault. You had no reason to distrust her.” Ama turned to look at her.
“Are you lying to me Zinra?” It stung for a moment, but she understood her. She shook her head.
“No Ama. I'm telling you the truth. And I am sorry.” She could tell she was looking again. For any hint of a lie, or something being wrong. But she had nothing to hide now. She just hoped that she would give her one more chance.
She looked away over the body of Liza.
“She was one of the oldest. But I could tell she was not happy after I took over.”
“She said you let the gang down.”
“I see.” She nodded. “Well. She is dead and we have a war win. Will her body be in the way?” Zinra shook her head. “No, we can throw her body on the fire. Make her the first sacrifice to the lord of fire this day.” “Good.” And she walked out the door. 
Zinra and Lezz were left standing.
“I never would…”
“Hey.” She walked over and squeezed his shoulder. “You didn’t know and had no reason to suspect her. Come, we need to move her.” He nodded. They went inside. The blood had not dried yet, and her body was still warm. Was it not for the wound in her stomach, you could mistake her for sleeping. They moved her as close and upon the pile they could. It was not the best, but it would work. “Lezz, after you light this, quickly leave. The smell… It's not going to be pleasant.” He nodded. The sound of marching reached them. “We need to take our positions.” She squeezed him on the shoulder and got back on the roof.
Targon had taken the guard and the civilians that were willing to fight to the road. She watched them march out to the street, him in front and the rest behind him, line in line. A part of her thought they looked like children playing warriors, going to fight an imaginary monster. But she saw what they truly were. People who were defending their home, no matter what. No matter how bleak it looked. What was braver than that? They were the finest army anyone could ask for. Then the signal came. A whistle from the road.
She could feel the tension change. Before there had been talking all around the rooftops, joking some nervous laughter. All turned silent, and all heads went to the road. And they could see the first hints of dust clouds. 
 It didn’t look like horses, just an army of people marching. She was glad for that, she had no wish to burn horses. Now they just had to make them fall for the bait. Targon was standing with the city guard. The spears in front, a relief line behind them. And last rock throwers. They looked so small compared to the dust cloud. She could see individuals people now from the cloud. There had to be hundreds there, and they were coming to a halt. Two leaders in front on horses. It looked like they were talking, probably giving them some grand threat. 
And then Targon and his guard started to back. They did a hasty retreat back to the city. This was it. She waited with bated breath. Please come. Come closer, we are just scared city guards. They had no idea what they would do if they did not follow. They could not take them in a city fight spread all around. They were on the knifes edge again. She dared to look down to the ground Targon the guard was marching to. Amarensia was standing there, the wind playing with her hair, a dagger in her hand, another strapped to her waist. Like she had known, she turned up and looked at her and smiled. She had never seen anyone as beautiful as her right then. She smiled back and looked at the church members. They were following Targon.
The church member started to come closer. But it was one of them that bugged her. One of the people on the horse reminded her of someone. There was just something about his silhouette. Then a stone dropped in her stomach. As they got close enough that she could see his face. It was different now, his hair was gone. And on top of his head were scars. Scars you get from fire. She recognized them from herself.
 On one horse sat a person in ornate clothes. They had some kind of pointy hat, a cloak flowing behind them. On the other horse was Renaldo. Alive. She watched as they marched to the place they needed to be in and took up ranks. The two on horses in front, and the warriors behind. She looked over the edge of the roof at the floor. Lezz were at the pile, and she nodded at him. He ran inside. 
“So, this is the town that has rebelled against the church? After all, we did everything for you. We drove out the heretics, we cleansed your city, we tried to save your souls! And this is how you repay us? I swear, my friend inquisitor that there is no saving this city. It should be put to death. Kill the city, save the province.” How could he talk in such a casual tone about mass murder?
“Im afraid you are right Renaldo.” The same tone. Like they were talking about an anthill.
Hate. Hate was boiling in her. She stomped on the roof three times. Each time harder. What was taking so long? She opened her vision and looked down. It was still not burning. Starting but… Liza had managed to throw more water into the pile than they had expected.
“But I may yet be merciful. Those who lay down their arms and surrender now, we will let you live. You will have to come and work for us, of course. We will do all we can to save your soul, through working for the church. Through hard labor and teaching, we can still save your souls. Those willing, step forward now.”
“You know he means slavery, right?” Targon looked at his guards, who had taken up a formation that looked like a wall. “They will put you in a mine, or a field somewhere. Work you till you die. And why would we step forward anyway? We are not dying here today.”
“Alas, as the gods are my witness, I did try to save them.” She looked with her fire vision, The pile was starting to burn, but it was taking too long. She needed to buy time.
“Hey asshat!” Renaldo and his inquisitor turned to look at her. “Remember me?” She lowered her hood and stared at them.
“Well. Well. Isn’t it Zinra? I thought you died. I can't say I'm happy to see you. And is that blood I’m seeing? Have you gutted a sheep? They were the only things you could ever talk about.” He had the same smile on his face he wore the day he burnt the farm. Keep on smiling, it would just be fuel for the fire soon.
“Goes same way asshat. Tell me inquisitor how brown is his nose? This piece of shit was the best ass kisser the land had ever seen.” Renaldos face turned red. The inquisitor was silent. So was his army. Targon and his guard laughed. “We went to the same Teacher. Did you know he skinned a cat? Oh yes, he did. And he bullied me to keep it quiet. And he would do anything to be the top ass kisser. Oh yes, I tell you there is no bigger liar than Renaldo here.” 
“I'm above this kind of petty talk Zinra. I'm a man of justice now. “
“Was it justice when you killed my parents? My baby sibling!? You killed them all! And you call yourself justice! Your nothing but a coward! You piece of shit!” 
“But I did not kill them all. We don't kill children Zinra. Your sibling is doing just fine in the hand of the church.” She just stared at him. She had heard the words, but her mind was not processing them, their meaning would not sink in. “We took him to Alcanos to be taken care of. Sadly, the church caught on fire but he made it out just fine.” His words faded from her. He kept talking but she was not listing. It felt like there was a rising note in the background, overpowering everything else. They were alive. Her baby sibling had survived. And they were in the hands of the church. In the hands of Renaldo. The rising note where for a moment everything in her world. Then she looked eyes with Renaldo, and her vision turned red. The world was all red, except in the middle where one man stood. 
She knew the fire had much more to burn, that she should wait longer. But she did not care. She pulled the fire from below her with a scream. She raised the fire above her. And she fed it with hate. Pure hate for the man that sat on the horse before her. Pouring all the pain and suffering into it. It burnt like the sun. And she threw it at them. She would burn them all to ash.
Only. They didn’t burn. It felt like she was pushing down on something that was pushing back. She had never experienced something like this in her time being a herald. Fire obeyed her command. Then she saw it. The inquisitor was holding up their hand. And somehow, holding the flame back. Where they also a herald of fire? She shut down any thoughts of that. All that mattered was to burn them. She pushed harder. She dug deeper into her anger, and the flame burnt hotter and hotter. She could feel him cracking, giving in. She grinned.
In the last second, she felt how instead of holding it, the inquisitor throw the flame backward. Into their own soldiers. The soldiers started to drown in fire, and their lines broke. Some started to run to the river. She fell to her knees gasping. She had done it. She had… Then the fire started to die down. The inquisitor held out their hand, and the flame started to disappear. She got up and command the flames to burn and spread, there was enough left to do that. This was now a battle of wills. She could not get them all, but maybe enough so they could still win. She commanded the fire to burn hotter again, to spread… 
Her thought stopped as she felt a sharp pain in her shoulder. All concentration on the flames was dropped. An arrow jutted out of her shoulder. She sat back down and gasped. No matter, she would just go on. 
She tried to get to her feet again, the flame around the church soldiers was fading again. She tried to reach out and… Nothing. The ember was gone in her mind. The roaring fire of the lord of fire was gone. She concentrated harder, grasping for any fire in her mind. No. Not gone. It felt like something was in the way. Like a block or something. She tried to push through it but nothing happened. Solid like a rock. The flames were gone now. Many of the church members were dead, and she could see they were hurt. But many were left, to many. Targon wouldn’t be able to handle all of them. She had to fix this, she had to. Then the church members charged towards the city guard line.
 The arrow wasn't too deep in her shoulder. She could just pull it out maybe. If only if it was on the other shoulder. She had no hand that could reach it. She had to get to Lezz. She started to walk down the roof, of the building. The sound of battle echoed around her. Iron against Iron. Farmers against monsters. Lezz had to be nearby.

The sound of fighting was all around her, she had no idea how it was going. She needed to get out there. They would not last without her. She just needed to get this arrow out. The pain in her shoulder was a dull ache, as long as she didn’t move her arm. Some part of her mind knew that she should be screaming right now, but she had no time for that. She was very thankful to whoever had built this building with stairs. She just had to get down and walk to the next building. He should be there. When she finally came down the stairs, she looked inside the building. The fire was out of the pile, but it still smoldered. She could still use that, just needed to get her fire back. She walked over to the building and opened the door.
“Lezz?!”
“Here.” He was standing on the other side of the room, dagger in front of him. It was shaking like a rattlesnake. He should not be here she thought. None of them should be here. When he saw her he dropped the dagger. “What happened to you?” 
“I need you to pull it out Lezz.” She walked over to him, and she could see the fear spreading on his face.
“Zin I'm not a doctor I can’t.” She put her stump on his shoulder.
“I can't use fire Lezz! I need to get out there and help. Please. I need to help them.” The fear faded, and sorrow took over his face.
“It's gonna hurt.”
“I know, just be quick.” He put one hand on her shoulder, and the other on the arrow. He looked her in the eye; she could see him counting down in his head. And he pulled. There was a brief resistance and then the arrow came out. She let out a scream. The blood was pouring out of her shoulder, but she was watching it like it was not her body. The pain was not her either. It was distant and detached from her. It was like when she lost her hand. Lezz ripped a piece of cloth from his shirt and wrapped it around her shoulder. 
“You need to rest.”
“I can’t.” She focused on the fire. It was there. But something was wrong. It was like there was still a block. There was a boulder in the river hindering her power from flowing. But she pushed the worry away. It didn’t matter. It still flowed, and she could use her power. The Church was here, and they had her baby sibling somewhere. She stood up.
“No Zinra. You did enough, they have this just.” It hurt to move her arm, but it didn’t matter. She put her hand on his head and looked down at him.
“They don't Lezz. Targon can't kill all the church members on his own. I also need you to go and restore the fire. “She smiled at him. “Don't worry about me.” She leaned down and kissed his forehead and let him go. When she reached the door, she stopped. The sound of war was outside, it was all-consuming, and the smell of blood was drenched in the air. She turned towards Lezz again. “You are wonderful Lezz.” And she went to war.

It was a mess outside. She could hear Targon screaming orders but whatever plan he had collapsed. There were no battle lines as far as she could see. It was the person against the person. Townsfolk against church. She had no idea who was winning so far, but there were church members in front of her, and they needed to die. It was all that mattered. She drew what fire was left in the building and held it above her head. She would be lit up like a beacon, but she did not care. A part of her wanted to burn indiscriminately but there were still townsfolk around her. She had to go one on one. 
She looked after the first church soldier she could see. There. A big person hovering over what looked like a child. The churchman held a sword in their hand, while the kid was laying on the ground shaking. Could not be much older than her. She took the flame and trow at the church member. She forced it down his throat. She heard the screams for a moment, then he fell over. She walked over and took out her dagger, and in the thrashing managed to slit the throat of the church member. She turned to the boy on the ground.
“Get up. We are not done.” The boy just laid there shaking. “Get up!” She gripped his arm and pulled him up. “Do you see that? The church wins this if you lay there like a coward! Get out there and fight! For your friends and loved ones.” She could see the fear in his eyes. She bent down and picked up the sword and shoved it into his hand. She took the fire to her, and held it above her again, and turned around looking for the next church member. She had no idea if he would get back into the fray. But she didn’t have time for cowards now. 
How long she fought, she did not know. There just seemed like there was an endless mass of church members. Death after death. All she could do was keep going, it was that, or she would die. 
“Renaldo!” She burnt down another church member. “Renaldo! Show yourself!” The world was just a blur, bodies after bodies. The smell of blood and burning humans filled the air, mixed with ash and sweat. She knew she was tired, but she had to keep going. Maybe she would be stuck here forever? Burning and killing people over and over again looking for one person? Maybe the gods were real and did punish people.
And just like that, as sudden as the arrow had hit her, the world parted around her. Targon had managed to rally what was left of the city guard to one side. They had lost people, but they still held the line. She could not help but smile at that. She was so proud of him. And the church was a spread-out mess. And they had lost so many people. Someone was shouting orders but the church was not following them. They had done it. They had pushed them back. But she could feel how tired she was. It was hard to concentrate on things. She looked at her shoulder, Lezz wrapping had fallen off, and her shoulder and arm were drenched in blood, mixing in with the blood from killing Liza. Her left side was all red. But she still had a job to do. She could not stop here.
There. She could see him. Renaldo was talking to the inquisitor. They were arguing. But he was close enough. She pulled what smoldering fire that was left around her and formed it into a spear. “Hey, asshat!” And she threw it at Renaldo.
For a brief moment, she could see fear. Pure terror in his face. But then the spear stopped. It hung in midair. The inquisitor held out their hand. “What the fuck is going on? Is he a herald?”
“No, something far worse. He is poison.”
She fell to her knees. She tried to force the fire to move, but she had no strength left in her. She wanted to lay down, it was hard to keep her eye open. The fire spear fell from the sky to the ground harmlessly. And then Renaldo turned around and ran. Their horses must have been killed or just ran away. Some other church members also started to run with him.
“Come back you shit.” She got up and took a step, and then fell again. “Where are you going.” She started to crawl after him.
The inquisitor walked towards her.
“I am impressed little heretic. You display much power from your lord. But it is no match against the power of the gods. You may think you won here, but we will be back. But take solace in this. You won't be alive to see it.” She tried to summon fire, but she was too tired. She had no strength left to move or fight with. She just wanted to lay down. But this could not be the end. They had her baby sibling. The anger flared up again in her stomach. Where the strength came from, she didn't know. She forced her leg muscles to move. She was not done. She made herself stand. The inquisitor gave her a smug grin and raised his sword. She could tackle him maybe and… For a moment a shadow passed over her and she heard the sound of metal sticking metal. Between her and the Inquestiotr stood Amarensia, blocking the sword.
“And who might you be?”
“Your death.” She and the inquisitor started to fight, iron striking iron. It was all she could hear. She could feel the darkness encroaching, dragging her to sleep. But she could not pass out yet. Her work is not done. She slammed her stump into her leg. The cup absorbed most of the impact, but the pain was enough to keep her awake. 

She fought as she had in Tonataos. Daggers in hand she blocked, parried, and dodged all the attacks from the inquisitor. She felt like she was back there again. She had the same beauty as then. She just stood there staring, she was transfixed. Why had she come here for her? Why was no one else coming? She looked around her. There were no bodies here, and no fire for her to use. She turned back to the fight. Something was dawning on her. She never attacked, just dodged and blocked. She was losing. The inquisitor was just stronger.
She had to help. She tried to move, but her legs gave away after the first step, and she fell to her knees. She looked around franticly. Why was nobody coming in and helping? Why were they just standing around in a circle? 
“Ama.” She was panting now, her strikes were slow. Targon would have reprimanded her. She needed to help. But she had nothing.
“Fire is everywhere. Fire is in everything.” The lord sounded very calm. Not angry this time. With effort, she watched the world with her elemental vision. It took her a moment to see. Nothing was smoldering nearby, no embers nor fire. And yet fire was in everything. She tried to focus on the ground next to her, command the fire in it to move. Nothing happened. She was just so tired.
Then came the sounds of daggers being flung out of hands. She looked up. Amarensia had fallen to the ground, and her daggers were laying on the ground far away. And she was bleeding from her leg.
“No…” He raised the sword. “NO!” She held out her hand and poured fire into him. She didn’t how she did it, nor where it came from. Nor did it matter. The inquisitor started to burn. She heard him screaming in pain, and he dropped the sword. 
“More.”She poured all she had into him and everything she didn’t have. The anger, fear, and the unsaid things. She could not let her die. He burnt hotter and hotter until the fire was not orange anymore. It was blazing white. And in a flash. It ended. There was nothing left of him but his sword, and armor. Everything else had turned to ash. Amarensia looked at her. She was alive. She smiled, and fell over on the cold ground, and passed out.

She slept and dreamt. She was floating in the air, and there was nothing. No sound, no light. No fire. Maybe she had died, and this is what came after. Time was meaningless here, maybe she floated for a second or a year. It didn’t matter. But then things changed. Sounds came back. There were voices, people were talking. About what she could not hear. Where there wagons and horses? Someone was talking to her? Where there tears? Who would cry for her? The sound faded again, and she was in the void again. But it was not cold anymore. Her mind wandered, flying through her memories. The fire. Clarise. Amarensia. Her baby sibling. Her baby sibling was alive. She struggled to open her eye.
She was still dreaming. But she could move. Some evil thing was holding her down, but it didn’t matter. She had to save them. She got free and started to walk towards the light. But her legs were so weak. She fell over and lay on the ground. The voices returned. Coming closer. They would drag her back to the void. She could not let that happen. She had to crawl. So she crawled. As long as she could. But the voices came closer and closer. Something dragged her back, something was holding her back. And she was back in the void again.
But it was not the same void. The sounds were still here. Someone was talking to her. Holding her hand. 

She woke up to the sound of pots and pans. And the smell of food. She tried to sit up, but everything hurt. She had some bandages around her hands and her shoulder. A blanket was laid over her. Where was she? She was in a wagon, there was a make-shift roof over her. With great effort, she took her blanket and draped it over her shoulders and turned around. 
The light had come from the opening in the back of the wagon. She looked around her surroundings. There was another blanket here. Someone else had been sleeping in here. With muscles protesting she made her way to the opening of the wagon and sat down on the edge of it. She was exhausted just from that. 
The sound came from people making food. And there were so many. Some of them she recognized from town. She was in a camp, but she could not figure out where she was. What had happened while she had been asleep? And how long had she...
“Zinra!” Lezz came running to her. “You are awake!” She broke into a smile. He wore some dirty cloths filled with dust, and it was smeared all over his face. Yet he shone like the sun with his smile.
“I Am. Where are we?” 
“I will show you. Can you walk?”
“I think so.” With some effort, she got off the wagon. She almost fell over as her feet struck the ground. She had to lean on Lezz as they walked over to a cooking fire. Around it sat Targon and Amarensia. The moment they saw her their faces broke into smiles and Targon jumped up from his seat. 
“Sparkles! You’re awake!” He walked up to her and hugged her.
“Please don’t, everything hurts.”
“Sorry.” He let her go. “Just happy to see you. Come we have some food.” They both helped her to a stump she could sit on. All the while she could not take her eyes of Amarensia. Her face shone like the sun. And she had saved her life. She wondered if she had always been this beautiful, with the sun in her hair, the laugh lines around her mouth. For a brief moment, she wondered what her lips would feel like, but she pushed the thought away.
“You’re awake.” Her voice was so soft. Could a voice heal pain? It could maybe soothe the pain. She sat down next to her.
“Yeah. Where are we?” 
“Nowhere.”
“What?”
“After the battle, we stayed in Montanos for a couple of days. You have been out for almost two weeks now.”
“Two weeks?” 
“Yeah. We meant to stay there until you woke up but our stunt there has made a boulder rolling in other towns.” Ama held out a bowl of broth to her. “On the fourth day, a priest from Tontanos came. They came looking for us, but with an offer to the town. They would leave the town alone if they handed us over to them. There was much debating in town about what we should do. The offer was too great to say no to, we had nothing that could fight the Tontanos army with you sleeping like a rock.”
“I'm sorry.”
“You have nothing to be sorry about.” Amarensia put her arm around her shoulders. “You saved the town. You're a hero.” She squeezed her tight. “Instead of the town being put in the position to choose, we ran away. But as you can see, some people wanted to follow.”
“Why?” Somehow her smile turned brighter.
“Well, we saved the town. They see us as heroes. But it's mostly you. Some of them are making songs about you.” She blushed. “But that is not all. It seems that the news of our rebellion has spread. There are rumors of riots in the street of Tonatas, and the same in Alcanos. I think they want to deal with that before they deal with us. Or they are just waiting for War to mobilize and arrive.”
“So we marched north, and right now we are camping around a spring some old folks told us was here. We thought we would stay here until you woke up.”
“You don't happen to know what happened with Renaldo?” They all shook their heads.
“No one mentioned him, and no one have seen him. Probably hiding somewhere.”
“He has my baby sibling.” She felt the mood shift in the camp.
“Are you sure Sparkles? He didn’t just say that to get to you?” She shook her head.
“I know him. He didn’t lie. He has them, and now when he knows I'm alive and has pissed him off…” She lifted her head and looked at the horizon. “I have to find them.” Amarensia squeezed her tighter. 
“We will. Don't worry about it. And… Thank you. You saved my life back there.” 
“Don't mention it. You saved mine also.” They smelled at each other. The thought about her lips came back to her. What was wrong with her?
“The boss was the only one mad enough to jump in.”
“Jump in?”
“Yeah, there was some kind of wall around you and the inquisitor. We tried shouting and throwing stuff, but nothing would pass through. Then Amarensia got the mad idea to climb to the roof of the building and jump in.”
“Also.” Lezz leaned over and took up a glove. It was the same glove the inquisitor had been wearing. It showed no sign of damage or fire on it.
“It was on the hand that he used to stop the fire.” The glove was a regular leather glove but on the middle of the hand were a white stone. It looked like smoke that had been frozen like ice. “And look at this.” He took out an arrow from his pack.
“The arrow… The one that hit me.” The arrowhead was the same kind of rock as the stone in the glove.
“Yes. I have never seen a rock like this. I asked around town, and no one had.” 
She leaned forward to touch it. The closer her hand got the more uncomfortable she got. She remembered what her lord had said. The inquisitor had been poison. The moment she touched the stone in the glove a burning cold went through her body, from the finger to her toes. 
“You okay?”
“Yeah, it just hurts to touch.” They all looked at her. “What?” Targon leaned over and touched the rock. He kept his hand on it. 
“I think it only hurts you.”
“Or only hurts heralds.” 
“So. The church has something that can stop heralds.” 
“Fan-fucking-tastic.” She put her head in her hand. One moment things were looking up. Then it just got more complicated. 
“Also. Zin.” She turned to look at Targon. “What the fuck did you do back there?”
“What do you mean?” They all looked at each other. 
“You remember as you put the inquisitor aflame?” She nodded. It was a vague memory, everything from trying to throw the fire at Renaldo was hazy. But thinking back at it, something was gnawing at her. There had been no fire nearby. How did she put him on fire?
“That…That is not all you did.” 
“What are you talking about?”
“The ground… It turned to ice. There was a circle of ice and frost around you.”
“What?” She had no idea what they were talking about. She controlled fire and made things hot. She had never made ice.“I… I don't…”
“Hey.” We will figure this out. Now eat.”
They ate and she drank her broth. 
“What about Liza?” She saw them shift where they sat.
“We… We thought about what you said, after the battle. And it makes sense. She was the one with the contacts in Tonatos. She could very easily slip them all the plans we had.” Amarensia was steering into the fire. “I just didn’t want to believe it. She had been with me since the beginning. I knew she was not happy with everything I did but…” Zinra put her arm around her shoulder. 
“It's not your fault. It's not something one wants to think about.”

She ate, and afterward, she was so tired she just wanted to go to bed again. She slept for a long while and woke in the morning twilight. Next to her Amarensia was sleeping.
She was sitting on the edge of the wagon, staring out at the camp. She knew they needed her here. With how things were looking they would need her power to help them drive the church out.
But her sibling was out there. Ever since the fire she had thought them dead. And now they had been resurrected. She had to save them. Nothing else mattered.
