The Three Pendants





Patrick Bowron

The Three Pendants
Published by Patrick Bowron
Cover by Rebekah Crowmer



Copyright 2018 Patrick Bowron




 License Notes:
Thank you for downloading this book from Smashwords. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support. 



The Lay of Luhera
Two moons set above the world long ago
Ruden the Red, and Green Shadow a-glow
The light bright next to the darkness of night
A world unknowing believed all to be right

A cauldron of doom spilled across the field
The War of the Gods raged, refused to yield
Worlds burned and stone reduced to cinder
Towers crumbled, Tevindal refused surrender

Ruden then faced its twin looming in the sky
Armies marshaled and by sword they did die
Elves fought bravely for their ancestral home
They cried out for help, but were left all alone

Drums beat upon the field as the siege was laid
The price of defense was the blood that was paid
Coral Blackstone, captain of guard sought the gate
Unbeknownst his journey was tied to future’s fate

Through disguise he traversed the enemy’s ranks
Until he came unto Tranquility Ocean’s banks
Through a spell of chance woven long ago
A solitary Moon gate stood surrounded by glow

The door hidden amongst the stone and rock
Took Coral to the Cosmic Field of Rantarok
Stepping out onto alien land his sword held aloft
Gleaming under stars was the ruby city Fernoth

But doom and destruction were not yet at hand
Peace and wonder still filled this far away land
Coral came to gate under Breina’s ruby wall
The way swung open by the Lord and Lady’s call

The glimmering path lay before the Golden Tree
Atop the Spire all the Ball’s creation one could see
Calic and Kord listened to Coral’s love for his land
A glimmering gem they placed in the palm of his hand

Of the Wall, spun in song, red fire it brilliantly shone
Coral took the holy gift and departed that land alone
Blazing glory through stars’ passage brought him to seashores
His land he could not save, only his people that he adores

The gem aloft forged with desperation cast its mighty spell
The exodus of elves from the land they once did dwell
The fiery beams exposed and split Devindal’s tide
Through the Moon gate to Korilan they went to hide

But, ash and cold is the cruel gift of cosmic war
No elf could return to the home they knew before
Gem in hand, Coral stood sentry and accepted his fate
Luhera, the Goldenflower’s Gem held closed the gate


The time of storm and shade has long passed away
Coral and Luhera stood guard over millennia to this day
But, the Tide of Time does not forever sleep
And evil roots to stem as it begins to creep

Darkness blackens the sky as the falcon is heard to cry
Shadows falls like sleep as the giant bat and Dark Wizard fly
The spell is laid and Luhera is lost to theft
To alert the elves of Kurnath is all he has left

Bells they did sing as he was brought before the king
A ceremony that caused the gathered chorus to solemnly sing
Brought forth for the journey was a pale and raven sight
Coral was bewildered at the woman that would aid his fight

Eliniza was she, a beauty from both Falina and elven kind
To go forth into the darkness, Luhera was to be the find
Coral came forth and kissed her hand
No greater beauty he had seen in the land

And they left there taking the sky to the moon
The great falcon brought them swift and soon
Alecira, his feathers of brownish golden-hue
Was the noblest creature to fly under domes of blue

That ancient land still gleamed of reddened stone
Of those that once resided there, Coral was alone
He knelt and drew his gleaming blade
A promise to drive out evil he made

Silently resting like a shadow lying upon a tomb
Was the elves’ fortress under its spell of doom
Towering over wastelands that were once a-bloom
Now it stood with an aura of eerie shimmering gloom





Winter was on the edge of its end. Its cold air lingered in the wind that blew west over the Mountains of Scarlet Shadow. In the east, the distant sea appeared frosted and cool, its waves rolling in an eternal assault against the rocky shores. The first signs of the coming spring showed in the songs of the returning birds. But though it was close to the end of its cycle, winter still cast its breath. 
Walking upon an ancient road, cloaked in ruin and decay, came two travelers. They had withstood the harshest part of the winter, and coming down from the heights of the Mountains of Scarlet Shadow they had survived many adventures. They were a ragged pair, one tall and one small, one cloaked and one donned a tunic of leaves and bark. They walked slowly, alert and purposeful, for they were on a journey of great importance.
A great tower they had conquered. A haunted forest of sorcery they had passed through. Mountains passes they had climbed. Foes of great evil they had confronted and slain. In the mountains they had met the giant, Glingfeld, and were taken as his prisoners. Long weeks they had sat in his dungeons far beneath the surface in the world of darkness. But they had escaped, and through cunning they killed the Giant King and fled his castle of rock and stone, and had come again up to the world that rested under the stars and sun.
But, the descent had not been easy. The slain majesty’s servants had pursued them, and they were trolls cloaked in ice. The companions slew two of the ice trolls before evading the rest, and then found a path that led down from the heights of devilry. 
They continued to walk their path unhindered by all, save only the wind. On the eastern horizon, the two moons, Ruden and Green Shadow began their ascent. The moons covered the distance in a soft tender glow, which appeared eerily evil. As the feet of the travelers continued to crunch the broken fragments of road, the smaller companion looked to his taller counterpart.
“Gilvias,” the short one spoke. “The Lake of Stars rests only a few leagues from here, not far past the Plateau of Delvermar, and before the Sea of the Breaking. I say we find a place off this road and make camp for the night. This road looks like it hasn’t seen much use in recent years, but we never know what lies out here in wait for travelers that stay on the road after nightfall.”
Gilvias Oakstar stopped his walking and looked about thoughtfully. About him was a cloak of gray. Protruding from the cloak was the hilt of his long sword, Coldyne, an enchanted blade. Over his back was his quiver of arcane arrows, blessed by a priest of his god, Odorn (known also as Klemyni). His bow of ashen wood rested readily in his hands, with an arrow notched. 
“As you say, Leaf,” Gilvias said, taking his eyes from the surrounding landscape to look at his companion. Leaf was a wood nymph, his skin green like grass. His eyes were upward slanted almonds, and his hair was long like golden wheat. He barely stood three feet, but was as brave and an accomplished warrior that could be found anywhere in the Realm of Colivur. 
They left the road, leaving behind the crushed brown ash that cut across the open land, neglected by generations of kings that sat richly on their throne in Radiance, the capital city of Colivur. They walked into the frosted field, with grass the same shade of the old road. A breeze blew, cold and rigid, and the birds that had been recently singing stopped their songs. Leaf looked anxiously around.
Leaf’s hand held his sword, Thorn-Biter, tilted in a downward slant. The blade had been given to him by the queen of his people before embarking upon their journey to save Colivur. It was a treesword, a gift from the Woll Wood Grove, the holy trees of Leaf’s ancestors. It had been wielded a thousand years before, during the destruction of the Woll Wood trees by Masador, the Spider Serpent. 
…
The ancient Woll Woods had been decimated, until all that remained was a small grove. The wood nymphs had gathered about the grove and were prepared to spend all their lives in its protection. As Masador’s army of foul beings approached, a young nymph had gone into the forest to pray. Within the grove, a tree became illuminated in a golden flame and from it a spirit voice had spoken. 
As the young wood nymph listened, he became empowered by the supernatural gifts of his ancestors. Then the flames about the tree grew brighter. The fire seemed to grow fiercer from the inside of the holy tree, until it shone so brilliantly that the wood nymph was blinded by its brightness. But his vision was not truly lost. Though his corneas were seared white from the burning of the holy light, he could still witness the outside world.
Then the flames consuming the tree turned into golden hands. The hands reached deep within the bark and wood and from its body it gave its saving gift to the world of the wood nymphs.  And taking from itself a piece of holy wood, the flames forged Sairil, the sword known in common as Thorn-Biter. With the blade Sairil, the nymph swept away the forces of Masador nearly single-handily.
After the battle, the wood nymph came back to the Grove. Then after resting Sairil against the Woll Wood that had brought it in the world, the wood nymph became consumed by holy flame and his body turned to ash. His people fell into fright and dismay, watching what they believed to be the death of their savior. But, that was not to be the case.
His spirit had risen from the ashes, like a puff of smoke emerging from a doused flame. The spirit appeared as mist, and then with a slight breeze the spirit of the warrior was taken away. It drifted up to the sky and was gone. Afterwards, the sword was entrusted to the rulers of the wood nymphs and used on only the occasion of dire need. The spirit of the saving warrior would also show himself to his people when they greatly needed him. He became to the wood nymphs a god, and was called Raxis, the Siege-Breaker.
…
Gilvias and Leaf continued their march across the grasslands. Shortly to the north rose a tangle of woods, like gnarled tentacles or twisted fingers rising to the sky. They headed for them, being the only cover in a barren and dissolute land. After about a mile they reached the edge of the woods. It was a place that would offer no shelter against the coldness of the night, but would ward off peering eyes of those that wish to waylay those traveling on the road into the east.
They began to unpack, dropping heavy gear carelessly onto the hard frozen ground. Unbuckling their weapons came next, but was done so with a reverence next to the disdain of the way their traveling supplies were removed. Weapons were hand placed and propped up against the trunks of trees, but Gilvias did not relinquish Coldyne. Instead he kept the blade fastened at his belt and kept the palm of his hand always near its hilt. Leaf sheathed Thorn-Biter, but it too stayed close to his side. 
They worked on in silence. Leaf gathered bits of kindling and stones to make a pit and a fire that they could warm themselves, but with flames small enough so not to attract attention from beyond the woods. Gilvias took his bow and sank a bit deeper into the forest. He returned shortly with a bird and what few herbs the forest was willing to offer up at this time of year. Gilvias sat down and immediately started on fixing a stew. When the fire was ready, Gilvias placed the pot of stew over the open flames. They sat, listening to the wood crackle.
“At daybreak, we’ll need to make for the Plateau of Delvermar. It will be a tough climb down from there, but if we do not make it to the Witch’s fortress in three days and break the curse then all will be lost.” Gilvias said absentmindedly, as if he were talking about foxes or other woodland creatures. 
Leaf nodded silently, and then added, “It is still a long path, and we know not what walks these lands or what lurks in the halls of her dungeons. Also, there is a lake to cross and we do not have a ship.” He finished, looking hungrily at the stew pot that was beginning to spread its scents. 
“Do not worry about the lake,” Gilvias answered. “We will find enough wood to suffice a crossing. Besides, we have no choice. If we fail, the Witch Queen’s plague will be released and all that we know and love will fall into ruin and will be no more. I will swim the lake, even though its waters are icy, before I’ll let the Woods of Colivur be consumed by her foulness.” Gilvias finished, then reached to stir the contents of the cook pot.
“Is it done?” Leaf asked, growing impatient.
Gilvias allowed a laugh. “It is. Try to not eat my portion as well. We have had enough of those incidents in the past,” Gilvias said with a smile. 
Gilvias took from his pack two wooden bowls and filled them with heaping hot stew. He handed one bowl to Leaf and gave him also a wooden spoon. The other bowl he kept for himself and licked some broth off his fingers that had splattered on them while dishing up the meal. The two adventurers dug in.
They sat in silence as they ate. Gilvias looked up to the sky where the Ancient Ones were splashed, and sparkling across the frigid night horizon. A calm peace took him as he watched in wonder. A thousand adventures he had been on, a thousand hardships and still the sight of the Stars of the Falina calmed him. Gilvias looked over to Leaf. 
“Do you want the first watch?” But, there was no response for Leaf was already fast asleep, with what remained in his bowl splashed in his lap. Gilvias chuckled to himself, knowing that his brave friend could always find sleep in the strangest of places. So, the ranger pulled his gray cloak tighter about his body to protect from the wind as the night overhead settled firmly in.
The morning came as chilly as the previous night. Leaf had finally awoken to take his shift at watch. But it was not till the spiraling stars overhead had danced deeper into their positions of the night. Leaf had apologized to his friend, which Gilvias had quickly waved off. Gilvias had had much to think about concerning their journey and his thoughts did not allow much sleep even after his watch had ended.
They packed their belongings and prepped their gear for the day’s march. They needed to reach the Plateau of Delvermar by the afternoon if they could. Gilvias wanted to see if they would have time to descend the cliffs to the shore of the Lake of Stars before the fall of night. 
“It will be a long day today, Leaf,” Gilvias said, smiling at his companion. 
Leaf looked at his friend with a spreading smile. “When has it not been a long day while traveling with you, Gil? You have had me close to dead a dozen times already and almost had me in a giant’s cook pot. Which, while we are on the subject, I could have escaped perfectly fine without your help.”
Gilvias laughed heartily at this. It was a sound that he had not heard escape his lips since before they had set off on their journey. Both Gilvias and Leaf stopped dead at the sound. For the laugh had silenced the ancient wood. Looking at each other, they both knew they were no longer alone. 
Coldyne, Gilvias’ enchanted waysword, flashed out with its fluid silvery flowing movement. Gilvias had been gifted it by a man of agelessness named Telio-jun. Telio-jun had named himself a Prophet, but what he was a prophet of, Gilvias did not know. The ancient wizard had taught him the Ways, an ancient religion, and the functions of the blade. 
Thorn-Biter too came out. The treesword leaving its scabbard of bark was laced together by strong plant roots. The two looked about the trees, perceiving nothing but eerie silence. Everything seemed to stop, even the blowing of the wind.
There was a bright flash behind them. The two twirled to face the danger, bringing up their weapons. They were stopped short, for a will stronger than theirs took them, commanded by a voice of power.
“Halt!” The voice spoke. The voice was drenched in spell and the wielder of the speech was an unexpected creature, wild and beautiful.
Coldyne dropped to Gilvias’ side. His mind worked rapidly to understand what type of creature he was actually looking at. He found the answer, but the truth of it, his thoughts tried to repel. It was simply not possible. For it was said in ancient lore that only once had the blood of the Ancient Race been mingled. This creature before him defied that version of truth. 
The wild creature before the two captive heroes was indeed beautiful. Her linage of Falina and elf was distinctive. She wore the garb of her woodland kin, the colors of green and brown. Her hair was brown lined with silver and blew wildly though there was no apparent wind. Her eyes were a shade of gray with a tint of blue. In her right hand she held a short ornate blade, and in the other was a wooden staff that resonated power. 
“I am Eliniza Koarathandor,” she declared. “And this is my companion, Dogar Stonecrusher,” she said, pointing the tip of her sword to a squat but powerful dwarf emerging from the wood. The dwarf’s head was shaven, his only hair being the trimmed beard upon his face. His armor was heavy and thick, being of plated gold with emerald lining. 
Dogar moved slowly to Eliniza’s side, hefting up a massive war hammer that too was thick with gold making. The trapped adventurers could see that the dwarf’s gauntlets had tracings of runes of power, and he wore strange rings in each of his eyebrows. Dogar’s eyes took a quick glance at the Half-Falina. It was clear that he was her servant more than her companion and would do anything that she may bid, even if it was to offer up his life for her.
“Only evil beings dare tread these paths anymore,” Eliniza said accusingly to the pair. “Long has it been since creatures that followed the light traveled under the sway of these ancient trees. Your purpose now! Or the strength of Gololdye, the Hammer of Stonecrusher, and the sting of Elisteiri, my blade, shall find your flesh.”
Gilvias stood proud. Then he raised Coldyne before him and with a fluid movement he sheathed the blade, filling the woods with a flash of silver light and shrill sound of ringing steel. The spell was broken and both Eliniza and Dogar fell back a step. 
“Hear me and hear me true,” he said, the power in his voice rising. He cared not who heard him. “I am Gilvias Oakstar, Knight of the people of Colivur. At my side is Leaf of the Woll Woods of Old. We are travelers on a quest of utmost importance. For we go now to the Witch’s island to retrieve the powerful artifact she has placed in her Well.”
Gilvias paused, cocking his head toward the Half-Falina. “And as far as only evil beings walking these woods, then what does that say of your purpose?”
Eliniza studied him. Her eyes narrowed at the apparent asking of her motives. But pride was not stronger than her mind and she took the stranger’s meaning well. A quick glance she gave to her companion and then looked over those she confronted.
Her thoughts raced. They certainly did not look evil, nor has there ever been any tales of the residents of the Woll Woods taking sway with the forces of Devindal. And through her travels she had met the rangers before or those that were called the Knights of Colivur and this Gilvias Oakstar certainly looked and sounded as one of them. 
She made up her mind. For good or evil she would now follow the course she believed Tevindal and the ancient Gods had set before her. Sheathing her sword she said simply, “Lower your hammer, Dogar. I believe we are among friends.”
A small smile slipped upon Gilvias’ face, though he did not lower his internal guard. “I believe this will work out okay,” he said to Leaf. The wood nymph sheathed Thorn-Biter, but did not yet release his hand from its pommel. 
Gilvias came forward, his arm extended in the proper gesture of friendship. “Perhaps, we should do this correctly.” He said without any trace of sarcasm.
“I am Gilvias Oakstar of Clan Elinon and this is my loyal companion Leaf. Dire is our need and the sun sets soon on the time of our quest. We travel now to the Plateau of Delvermar. We must reach the Witch Queen’s dungeon and take from that horrid place the magical necklace she has put in her Well. If we do not succeed, Colivur will fall.”
Eliniza looked at him for many moments. “Are you the only two they sent to protect their fate?” 
The eyes of Gilvias became tired and sad. And both Dogar and Eliniza noted that Leaf hung his head low in sorrow. 
“Nay. As we speak, Radiance is at war with the hordes of the Witch’s allies. Leaf and I set out with nine other companions. All were of the knighthood or from other Clans of great heredity. Our companions have all fallen into shadow. Leaf and I are the last of that fellowship.”
Eliniza let go of Gilvias’ hand and went to Dogar. Together they huddled and Gilvias heard whispering of language he had never in all of his travels encountered. Leaf looked anxiously to the east meaning that they could not delay. Gilvias patted him of the shoulder, meaning for him to be patient, hoping that this was part of Tevindal’s plan. 
At last Eliniza emerged from her whispering into Dogar’s ear.
“We will accompany you on your quest,” she said. “For your need is our need as well. If by our lives we can help bring about the defeat of the Witch, then we will give them willingly.”
Gilvias nodded in overwhelmed thanks. He looked to his friend, watching as Leaf’s head rose up with shock apparent on his small features. Gilvias patted his small friend’s shoulder and then went to clasp each of his new allies’ hands.
“We must hurry then,” said Gilvias. “Our time grows short and we must reach the Plateau and descend it by nightfall. If you know of a quicker way there then now is time to reveal it.” 
“I have traveled these woods many times,” responded Eliniza. “I can move through them swiftly, as I am sure can you. But hopefully Dogar does not slow us down,” she said with her lips turned up in a smile.
“Let us be off then,” said Dogar in a gruff old voice. “And I assure you that a slow crossing will not be of my doing this time,” Dogar said proudly and stubbornly. 
Eliniza smiled, and then she was off like a deer, swift and confident. Gilvias quickly fell in behind Eliniza with Leaf just right by his side. Dogar brought up the rear with him grumbling words about how he was going to trip on a tree root again. Hearing this brought a smile to Eliniza’s face.
So they traveled through the woods on a path that seemed hidden from all eyes, save those who have found it prior. After many hours they emerged from the woods and they rested and ate. Soon after they continued on. Overhead the sun was an hour past noon and still they had far to go. 
The ground then began to change. It went from brown grass to dirt that was split and parched from thirst. They slowed their pace and as they marched on and finally they came to an edge of a great cliff, the Plateau of Delvermar. Down below, several hundred yards was a beach of white sand. And stretching out across the horizon were the teal tranquil waters of the Lake of Stars. 
Gilvias came up to stand next to Eliniza. Her breathing was much calmer than his, he noted to himself. And for several moments they stood there, looking out to the destiny that awaited them. Slowly she turned to look at him.
“Do you see it?” She asked him. “The Island of the Witch Queen?”
Gilvias let his eyes linger with hers for a long moment before turning back to the eastern horizon. Bringing up his right hand he shaded his eyes. Slowly, he let his eyes move across the expanse of the lake, searching for a tiny spot that was rendered invisible to him due to the glaring of the sun’s light on the flowing water. 
“I do not,” he responded. “Do you?”
“Yes, it is there,” she said, pointing to what seemed to be directly in the center of the lake. “Time grows short now Gilvias. We must make our descent.”
Gilvias turned back to look for Leaf. What he saw was Leaf taunting a grumpy dwarf as Dogar laid on his back trying to recuperate from the long day’s journey. The dwarf made mild violent threats at the tree nymph, but Gilvias could sense that the dwarf did not mean it. Leaf had taken a liking for the dwarf and it seemed to be true the other way around as well. 
“Leaf, I need you to set up your tree vine rope for our descent of the plateau cliff,” said Gilvias.
Leaf went right away to work, pulling from his pack a thin, but strongly made rope from the vines of the Woll Wood trees. Gilvias walked slowly over to where Dogar lay. Looking down at the tired dwarf Gilvias tried not to smile in amusement.
“Are you okay, Master dwarf?” He asked.
“What? Hmm?” Dogar muttered, rolling his head back and forth to find the source of the new voice that spoke to him.
“Of course I am okay,” he said gruffly and more strongly than his previous mutterings. He tried to sit up and failed. This time Gilvias did let a smile creep itself upon his face as he extended a hand. Dogar took it and Gilvias pulled the dwarf up to a sitting position. 
“You will need all of your strength, Master Stonecrusher,” Gilvias said as he pulled Dogar to his feet.
“It will be a very dangerous climb down to the beach of the Lake of Stars.”
“Nothing I won’t be able to handle,” Dogar grumbled as he walked away. Gilvias just laughed to himself and mentally tried to ready his mind for the hardships to come.

The Descent and the Voyage
The four adventurers scaled the cliff of the plateau as the sun shed its last few remaining rays of light upon the world below. A dim shadow consumed them as they took their first steps onto the sands of the beach. The rock of the plateau and the day’s fading gleam left them in near darkness. Overhead the two moons, Ruden and Green Shadow, came forth from the deeps of the eastern waters. The stars too began their twinkling and shedding of blue-fire light.
The wind blew cool from the chilled water of the Lake of Stars. Gilvias pulled his cloak about him, while Leaf stood behind his friend hoping his girth would shade him from the cold bite. Eliniza stood next to Dogar, who endured the cold. The Half-Falina tried not to convey that she was cold, but her eyes gave her away.
Gilvias came near to her. He spoke in low tones, offering her his cloak. She refused him. But, he persisted, and finally she took it and gave him quiet words of thanks and a small smile. 
Dogar stood there, uncomfortable by the display. Slowly rocking from foot to foot he said, “Now that we are on this forsaken frozen beach, how do we get across to this witch’s isle?”
“Tevindal will show us the way,” Gilvias responded. He moved away from Eliniza, moving farther out onto the open sand. His eyes scanned north and south looking for anything that would aid in their crossing. He saw something, four slates of stone rising from the ground.
Leaf came to his side following his gaze. “Let’s go see what those are.” 
“Agreed.” Dogar said, moving up to Gilvias’ other side. 
“Agreed.” Eliniza echoed, coming up behind him.
Feeling as he had been elected leader, Gilvias slowly looked at each of those in this newly assembled party. Three pairs of eyes looked back at him with waiting and expectant looks within. “We go then,” Gilvias said. The fluid metal sound of Coldyne rung as the blade came forth from its scabbard. Coldyne found a chorus of song as Thorn-Biter and Elisteiri were drawn. The dwarf hefting his hammer muttered, “Let us be on with it.” And with that they made their way down the beach to the stone slates.
Moving down the beach they came to the stone slates. Looking upon them they saw that they were markers of graves. They looked ancient. The waves and the tide of the Lake of Stars had washed over them for what the adventurers thought could have been centuries. 
There were actually five grave markers in total. Gilvias came closer to look upon them and saw that all, save one, had had the inscription and epitaph worn away. 
“Here lays Morgar the Watcher,” Gilvias read.
The ranger looked to his companions. Leaf and Dogar seemed indifferent to the words. Eliniza reacted differently. She came forth slowly, but forcefully pushing Gilvias aside. 
“Morgar the Watcher,” she repeated to herself.
The words seemed to have meaning to her. She turned around quickly, her eyes darting about. Elisteiri wavered slightly in her right hand, but the staff in her left steadied her. 
Leaf and Dogar grew more alarmed by her actions and the four of them instinctively formed a circle with their backs to one another. 
“Who is Morgar the Watcher?” Gilvias asked. “And why are we afraid of one who is apparently dead?”
“He is dead,” she stated flatly. “He has always been dead, or so it is said. The tale of Morgar the Watcher was told to scare the children of the village I grew up in. It was said that he was a sorcerer in the service of Sethgard the Cruel, a hideous half-man, half-beast that captured and mutilated people, mostly women. But his lair was supposed to be in the Fabled Forest, far on the other end of the Realm of Korilan. It was supposed to have been destroyed by a band of adventurers, as told by Elda Lightarrow, my ancestor.”
“Sorcerer? I thought you said he has always been dead,” Dogar grumbled, with the distrust of magic, and those who wield it when they are supposed to be dead, heavily prevalent in his voice. 
“Undead,” Eliniza replied.
At this, Leaf visibly trembled.
“I believe he watches even now,” Gilvias quietly said.
Then the band of companions fell silent. And they noticed that the world around them too was silent. For the sounds of the wind and the washing waves of the sea had ceased. It seemed like about them the world had died and that they had been transplanted into a different vision of the Realm of Korilan in which they now stood. 
Then the silence was broken and the sky turned to the color of blood. And on the currents of air rode a voice that was ancient and terrible. Its tones were screeches and the wailing of death. Many words it spoke but in a tongue forgotten by all, save those trained in the ancient lore of the Realms of Confusion. 
Eliniza Koarathandor, a woman of royal lineage of the Elves in Kurnath, who was of both the Elven and Falina lines, was one trained in such lore. 
“Betrayers of Death, worshippers of the weak Lord, enemies of the Witch Queen, your deaths I shall grant. My skinless pets you will become. Your blades will be tainted by my poison, and at the walls of Castle Radiance you shall slay the ones you love,” Eliniza translated.
The sand began to shake and the gravestones crumbled and broke. From the soft ground before them rose four ancient warriors dressed in heavy mail. They carried broad shields and swords with ancient runes written upon the naked steel of the blades. They were Death Walkers and their heads were bowed, awaiting the arrival of their lord, Morgar. 
Morgar the Watcher came. Materializing before the fifth grave, he was built by fragments that had been scattered across the beach. His laughter was the wind, and it was evil and cruel. The screams of his countless victims across time were its chorus. 
His body came to being. He was dressed in black robes with traces of scarlet and gold. His helm was made of black coral taken from the sea far to the west. But his face was his own. It was rotted and corrupt, with pieces of decayed flesh still clinging to some places. 
His bodyguards now raised their heads at the coming of their master. Their faces did not wear the corrupt decaying flesh that their master’s did. They wore no flesh at all. White pearly skulls peered at Gilvias and his newly bounded fellowship. Thus, the living faced the dead. 
“Go goloth Tu’ Lentil! Tu’ Tevindal!” Eliniza roared as she surged forward, which means: “Go forsaken now to the light, to Tevindal.”
A blast of light ripped from her staff. The bolt sizzled as it struck at Morgar. He deflected it with a spell of his own. But, he was immediately forgotten as she met the resistance of his guard. 
Elisteiri flashed with reflected light of the red sky. Burning, the blade seared through the chest plate of one of the skeleton warriors. The dead warrior brought its own sword down, descending to the exposed flesh of Eliniza’s neck. Instead of flesh, the blade met the hardened liquid metal of the waysword, Coldyne.
Gilvias stared at the creature’s glowing eye-sockets as the two participated in a contest of wills. Eliniza moved away in search of new prey and found another of the dead warriors coming to meet her. Coldyne and the ancient blade stayed interlocked. Then did Gilvias smile and moving backwards he let Coldyne liquidize. The skeleton’s sword moved freely forward, and the creature plunged forth and, with its momentum, it decapitated itself on the waysword as it became solid once again. 
Elsewhere there was a loud crunch. Dogar’s mighty hammer had smashed one of the creature’s shield and the arm that held it. The monster that was beyond the grave was also beyond pain. It moved forward with its sword swinging wildly. Its burning red eyes reflected the glee of the blood lust it felt. 
The rapid blows of its sword made Dogar fall back. He did his best to deflect the blows with the haft of his war hammer, but the sword was long. He moved the hammer forth blocking a blow. He turned his head, pulling it back as far as he could, but it was not far enough. The tip of sword sliced down Dogar’s head leaving a long trace of slippery blood behind. 
Dogar fell to the sand. His doom stood above him. The ancient spawn of Devindal, holding his blade high prepared to drive it through Dogar’s chest. The sword started its descent and Dogar watched in slow motion the stroke that was to be his death. The stroke faltered and fell to the right of the dwarf as the skeleton tumbled into the sand. 
In this dimension of madness, where the evil dead reigns, and the wind carries the voice of the demented, there was a wonderful sound that Dogar could not first put a word to.
It was laughter, pure and true. Leaf laughed as he used Thorn-Biter to sweep the legs out from the Death Walker. 
“Get up you sack of potatoes!” Leaf called to Dogar. 
The wood nymph turned around. Seeing the Death Walker he had taken down trying to rise, he moved quickly. He rolled upon the ground and did a somersault back to the skeleton. Thorn-Biter twirled, and in an acrobatic move, Leaf swept off the Death Walker’s head. 
Only two of Morgar’s Death Walkers remained. The Death Walker locked in combat with Eliniza broke off from her to engage Gilvias. And the last remaining skeleton came forth to fight Dogar. Leaf came to the dwarf’s aid. 
Thus, did Eliniza Koarathandor, Half-Falina of royal lineage, face Morgar the Watcher alone. She stood proudly before the undead sorcerer, her hair blowing in a wind that touched nothing else. Elisteiri she held before her and her staff of power she held strongly into the ground. Around the staff was a glowing current that flowed from the bottom and brimmed strongly at the glowing sphere of light at the top. 
“Foul carrion, drinker of souls, Beast of Devindal, go back to the abyss of Gorthar!” Eliniza said with words traced in magic power. 
A blast of golden power shot forth from her staff. But Morgar was powerful. He extended his arm and from a crooked finger darkness flowed. The gold light struck the cloud of darkness, and then the two stood and faced each other through will as their powers of magic fought for the mastery over the other. 
Morgar began to screech and wail. The sound was hideous and overbearing. The cloud of darkness began to swell, and the light dimmed. Eliniza took a step back, doing her best to summon forth more power through the Staff of Elginii. 
She was losing strength. In her heart she knew she could not hold on, for this was a foe beyond her. Her heart faltered and as she looked into Morgar’s eyes she understood why he was truly called the Watcher. As his demon eyes glared into her, he witnessed the torment of her soul, a cruel smile slipped onto his lips.
She was done, her remaining strength sapped. Then a hand softly grasped her shoulder. 
“We stand with you,” the voice whispered gently.
Eliniza turned her head slowly. It seemed to her that her movements were like that of a dream. Gilvias stood at her side and he smiled at her. His smile seemed chaotic, but somehow natural, as the cloud of darkness moved to engulf them. 
“Let us be your strength, lass,” another voice said at her other side. 
She turned to see Dogar, and at his side was Leaf. The other Death Walkers had been slain. Now the four stood against the one. Eliniza’s companions knew their weapons could do nothing against the creature, but they would stand with her regardless of what fate awaited them.
Their will and resolve flowed into her. Inside, she felt a fire awaken. It started as a small kindling, but soon spread and roared into a consuming flame. She felt the power of her ancestry course through her veins. The force became too much to keep within.
“Tu Terrin! Tu Terrin! Golde Floure sui lu Laevindal! Explelan goloth du Devindal!” 
“The light! The light! Breina Goldenflower and the power of Lady Laevindal! Expel this forsaken of Devindal.”
Eliniza’s companions were thrown from their feet. Their eyes they shielded, for what came from Eliniza was a force too holy for them to look at. Eliniza became transformed as Holy Fire took her. She became a fiery angelic creature. Walking forward she came into the spell of Morgar and it dissipated. 
Her staff and sword she let fall to the beach. She needed them no longer for this. Morgar the Watcher, monster of Devindal, slayer of many, quivered in fear. He could not flee for the heat paralyzed him. The Holy Fire came forth and swallowed the beast, wrapping her arms around him. There was one last terrible wail as Morgar was consumed. Then it was over, the fire went out and Eliniza collapsed on a quiet and peaceful beach.
…
“We’ll have to carry her,” an unknown voice said.
Everything was dark and painful. The woman could remember nothing, not even her own name. 
“The boat should suffice for the crossing. The water seems calm now. Now is our chance under the cover of darkness. I hope only the Witch Queen is not aware her sentry has been dealt with.” The unknown voice said.
The woman opened her eyes. Overhead the sky was lit with sparkles of blue fire. It was as if some cosmic hand had carelessly thrown small jewels of azure light across the waves of the Forever Night Sea.
“Falina,” she whispered. It was the first word that came back to her memory.
“Yes,” a voice answered. “I think you borrowed some of their strength back there. Theirs or someone greater.”
It was a voice of a man. The woman’s eyes turned slowly towards him and looked at a face she believed to be handsome. He smiled at her. She was close to him and he was somehow strangely over her. 
He was carrying her, she now realized. And his face seemed familiar too. Her thoughts cycled rapidly, searching. Her memories came flooding back, she remembered him, she remembered herself, and she remembered what had happened, to a point.
“Gilvias,” Eliniza said weakly. “Gilvias,” she then said a second time with a stronger resolve. “What happened?” 
He looked down at her and then looked away. It was many moments before he tried to formulate an answer for her.
“I am not completely sure,” he started slowly. “You spoke strange words then burst into flame. It was too bright to look upon. We had to shut our eyes. When we opened them again it was over. Morgar was gone and you were lying unconscious on the beach.”
He gently started to put her down. She felt as if she was placed on solid wood. Eliniza looked about and saw that she rested in a boat and around her were her companions. Thoughts raced in her mind trying to remember a boat anywhere in them.
She did not find an answer. The beach had been deserted, save for the grave markers of the foul minions of Morgar the Watcher. She knew also that there was not material enough to craft a vessel of this size. So where did it come from?
“Where did this boat come from?” Eliniza asked, voicing her thoughts.
Gilvias pushed the boat into the water, as he and Dogar began rowing against the small lapping waves. The air was calm and cool. The two rowed hard to get away from the strong tide pulled by the two moons before Gilvias answered her question. 
“When you destroyed Morgar, many spells of his were undone,” Gilvias started. “After about an hour heads started to rise out from the waves. They had faces of beautiful women, their hair were the colors of green and red. One came to the edge of the shore of the sea, and she stayed there and bid me to come forward. I did so with caution, for in my youth I have heard many tales involving beautiful temptresses of the waters that claimed men’s fates.”
“She spoke to me. Her voice at first was like a beautiful song, but I could not make out the words. Soon she realized this and put an elegant conch to her lips. The words were somehow translated through the use of the conch.”
…
“ I am E’lemiel,” the mermaid said. “These are my sisters,” indicating the other mermaids floating in the water. “Long have we been imprisoned under the sea in the caves of Dethgard, the home of Morgar the Watcher. Many of our sisters have perished at his hand. The bonds that held us there dissolved at the time of his destruction. Are you responsible for this deed? E’lemiel had asked.
“We are,” Gilvias had responded. “At least, our wounded friend dealt the death blow to the goloth of Devindal.” Gilvias said.
“I see,” E’lemiel said slowly, pursing her lips. 
“I can give no aid to her condition, but we would like to reward those that saved us from our unjust slavery,” the mermaid said.
Gilvias had looked at her for long moments before responding. 
“We are on a quest to destroy the Witch Queen at her dungeon in Skull Palace. But we must first cross the Lake of Stars. Can you aid us in the crossing?” Gilvias asked.
“Perhaps, but we could not carry you, nor do we wish to go near that evil place.” She said.
“Could you find us a boat?” Dogar asked gruffly, not willing to stay quiet any longer.
“Yes.” The reply was simple and then she went back to the sea and vanished, along with her companions.
…
“E’lemiel returned with this boat. She did not tell us from where she found it. She gave her thanks and then she was gone,” finished Gilvias.
Eliniza looked at the moons. For some reason she was exhilarated at their waxing and waning. Her eyes became enamored at their light, and in her heart she felt something else. She fought it. Her mind told her to do so, but her soul did not. 
“When will we reach the Witch Queen’s island?” Eliniza asked.
“Dawn,” Gilvias responded simply. 
“We must be prepared to move. Sleep now, Meldina. We will row and you need your rest for the morning.” 
Gilvias moved away from her and went to aid Dogar with the rowing. There was a flicker in Eliniza’s eyes. It was the fire of the stars and the moons. Meldina he had called her. She knew what that meant. It was a Falina word of old that meant a beloved Falina maiden. She closed her eyes and went to sleep.
…
The morning sun smoldered dimly in the gray cloud cover. Eliniza opened her eyes with a start. Sitting up, she looked around. An island loomed in the near distance, shrouded in a clinging fog. A tower of strange stone rose from its center.
She caught Gilvias’ eye. His look was stern. His muscles were tense. In his hand she noticed that Coldyne had already been drawn.
“It is time for Elisteiri, fair Meldina,” he said.
She looked around for her sword and found it in its sheath on the bottom of the boat. She grabbed it and brought out the blade. The sound was a clear ring of true steel. 
“We go now to the devil’s den,” muttered Dogar from the front of the boat.
The strange relationship that was apparently happening between Eliniza and Gilvias did not seem to concern the dwarf. Leaf said nothing. The small wood nymph clung tightly to Thorn-Biter as if it would place a protective spell upon him.
“The fog aids us,” continued the dwarf. “If it were not for it, I believe we would be dead by now.”
“Agreed,” Leaf piped up. 
The dwarf took his eyes off the looming tower and turned to the wood nymph. He placed a heavy, grizzled hand on the little one’s shoulder. Leaf did not turn to the dwarf, but he smiled and the fear that resided in his eyes left him. 
“Once the boat is on the shore, we must move fast,” Gilvias said. “Eliniza, will you be able to run?” He asked.
“Yes, I will make it,” she responded.
“Good,” Gilvias said, looking at all of them. “Dogar and I will lead and deal with any front resistance we should encounter. Leaf, you will stay on pace with Eliniza.”
Gilvias reached forward and grasped both of the wood nymph’s shoulders, turning him.
“If any foul minion of the Witch Queen should get past us, then you smote them in two with Thorn-Biter and send them to the Abyss, understand?” Gilvias said as more of a statement than a question. 
Leaf nodded his understanding. Nothing must befall Eliniza that statement said. All within the boat understood. None seemed to find it out of place either.
“Our doom is nigh. We come now to the den of the witch that would see all that we hold dear destroyed,” Gilvias said to the shrouded sea. 
“We must be cautious. We must be brave. We must prevail.” 
Gilvias’ words rang in all their minds as the boat crashed upon the sandy shore. The ranger leapt from the ship, Coldyne clouded with the fog as he hit the shifting surf and headed up the beach. Dogar was right behind him. He became lost to the sight of Eliniza and Leaf as the dwarf trudged forward. Leaf looked to the Lady Eliniza, and she met his gaze. The wood nymph then took her hand. They moved forward and too were swallowed by the thick hanging fog. 
They all ran on. Under the presence of the fog the enemy had not yet detected them. They were passing structures now, ancient ruins left by whatever civilization held this damned place before the Witch Queen came and took it as her own. There was not much left, what Gilvias could decipher through the fog was stone statues that had had the remains fouled to reflect the alliance of the terrible beings on the island.
There was speech in the fog now. Gilvias halted the party and had them form a protective ring. They inched forward, moving cautiously. Sitting on an ancient fallen pillar were two orcs conversing and eating the remains of some poor creature. 
It was clear that they did not know of the adventurers’ presence. Gilvias hefted Coldyne and charged forward. The waysword flashed twice. Two orc heads rolled into the sand. 
Gilvias turned to the others. With an impatient hand movement he urged them on. Before them the fog cleared slightly and they could see the rising tower that they had beheld from their ship at sea. It was made of stone as cool and cold as the morning. The top was ringed with carved faces of torture. 
Gilvias glanced up and saw one sentinel, a monster of unspeakable horror in mangled black armor. The ranger’s heart froze. The monster only had to look down and their raid would be revealed and the full strength of Skull Palace would be thrown at them. But the Watcher of the Tower looked out to the west, where he looked for ships of might to come with the dawn.
A new patch of fog covered them out of the view of the stone tower and its guard. They were coming close now to the fortress. Walls could be seen rising in the near distance, their presence lingering in the shadow of the morning mist. Gilvias slowed their pace and they proceeded further with much caution.
They came now to the wall that surrounded the castle. They formed a single line and moved now around the perimeter. They looked now for the gate or any other opening that would lead them into the depths below. 
The wall they followed gave way, slanting inward. The fog was lifted here and they could see a massive wood gate. Before the gate stood a warning, a massive stone statue of a rocky beast wielding a gigantic war-hammer. Gilvias and Dogar peered around the corner looking for guards. They saw none.
“Follow me,” Gilvias said to his companions. “There is a smaller door in the gate. And if Tevindal is with us it will be unlocked.”
The four filed out from the protection of the wall. An eerie feeling befell them, as if they were being watched. Looking around they saw no one, and there were not any guards stationed upon the walls above them. The world went silent. They moved past the statue and stood only twenty feet before the gate when the silence was broken.
It sounded like the wall about them was falling down. Looking up the party saw nothing. 
“Behind us!” Leaf’s shrill voice screamed.
The statue they had passed was now turning to face them. Its eyes burned red as it looked down upon them. It hefted up its war-hammer and swung mightily. Leaf screamed and rolled away. Where he had stood just a moment before erupted in an explosion of sand leaving a pit in its place. 
“Eliniza, check the door,” Dogar roared.
She went quickly to it and turned shaking her head in urgent despair. The way was locked. 
“Damn,” the grizzled dwarf swore. “So it appears it ends here.”
Gilvias moved forward. “No, I will not yet accept defeat.” The ranger said as he plunged forward to the stone monster.
Dogar called out for him to stop. But it was too late, he was charging towards the guardian, his sword clutched tightly in both hands. The dwarf waited for what he expected to be a grizzly demise of his newfound companion, but as the ranger closed on the stone monster the dwarf’s eye caught a flowing flicker. 
Coldyne, the dwarf noticed, flowed now. It was no longer steel, but seemed like a flowing liquid. It was a rolling wave. It was a creature all its own, but submitted to the will of its master.
The stone war-hammer descended. Gilvias made as if he was going to parry the blow, but the stone weapon passed through the liquid of Coldyne. The sword took its solid shape immediately afterward. Using his momentum, Gilvias struck, sending chips of stone ricocheting in every direction. 
The stone guardian roared. It sounded like grating rock. The monstrosity took a step back studying the strange little insect before him. The red eyes flared with fury.
“Leaf! Eliniza! Get that door open now!” Gilvias yelled back to them. 
Leaf and Eliniza immediately turned to the door to see what they could do to unlock it or smash it in. Dogar hefted up his own war-hammer and started to creep forward to enter the fray. Gilvias, out of the corner of his eye, saw his dwarf friend coming to his aid.
“No, Dogar. Help the others. I will hold this thing off. We must not fail.” 
Dogar hesitated, not wishing to let the ranger face this thing alone. But, he knew in his heart Gilvias was right. The door must be opened lest they all fall here at the gate of their enemy. Dogar turned and went to the others.
The dwarf pushed the others aside and began smashing at the small door with his war-hammer. He was afraid that with the rhythmic thud there would be a whole garrison of soldiers waiting on the other side if they were lucky enough to get the door open. He had no choice, so he hammered away.
Behind them an epic battle raged. Pit after pit was opened in the sand by the stone guardian’s massive war-hammer. Gilvias jumped, rolled, and darted away from the beast as he used the powers of the waysword to inflict damage upon the creature that must have been wrought in the depths of the Abyss. Chips of stone littered the turned sand as Gilvias struck again and again. 
But, the ranger’s strength and endurance were failing. He did not know how much longer he could hold the stone golem. He spared a quick glance at his friends and his heart soared at the sight of Dogar splintering the door with his mighty hammer. 
“Gilvias,” The dwarf called. “The way is clear!”
Gilvias started to make for the door, but the stone golem set itself in the path. The monster, realizing that his prey was escaping, grew maddened. It became resolute that it would not let the puny thing it fought escape as well. 
“Gilvias come on!” It was Leaf’s voice that rose above the din. 
Gilvias backed away. He tried to find a clearing to see a path around the hulking beast. As he moved backward his foot gave away. There was no sand there and now he was falling. Gilvias had fallen into one of the pits rent by the stone golem’s massive war-hammer. 
Leaf saw this and yelled. Gilvias could hear the others’ voices now too. Eliniza’s was clear above the din. And Dogar was yelling for him to get up. 
Gilvias looked up and was staring directly into the fiery red orbs that were the stone creature’s eyes. There was a new scream mangled with those of his companions. It was the monster’s cry of triumph. The great hammer of the beast rose. Gilvias was able to scream one word before the hammer descended.
“Run!”
Then the hammer fell.
The terrible word hung in the air as the remaining three companions turned and fled through the open doorway. There was no garrison waiting for them. It seemed that their battle with the stone giant went completely unnoticed. Dogar led them now, running down a corridor that vomited them into a large open courtyard.
The courtyard was empty and devoid of life. But it was terrible all the same. To the left rose the watchtower that loomed high above the sea, but before them was something even greater in evil. The height of nearly five men, it was in its splendor of horror. The base was of black stone, which gave way to a solid crystal sphere. Within the sphere was a flowing, oozy liquid that seemed to be once squeezed from the living. But within was the greatest terror.
“So this is why this place is named Skull Palace,” Dogar said with his voice chilled. 
There, resting and floating in the liquid was a gigantic skull. Across its head moved a massive spider. The spider crawled over the top of the skull. It gave the intruders one look and then crawled away. 
The three moved cautiously deeper into the courtyard. Before the Skull, Leaf noticed a staircase leading down into the earth. 
“There,” Leaf pointed. “We go there.” 
Eliniza followed the wood nymph’s gaze. 
“He is right Dogar,” she said. “That is our path.”
“So, the path to hell is now our path. Perhaps soon we shall meet our fallen friend.” Dogar said his voice thick with sorrow.
With that they moved forward to the stairs. They descended about ten steps that led to a steel door. Eliniza reached out and turned the skull shaped handle. It was unlocked. They looked at each other for a long moment, then the Half-Falina princess opened the door and they went through, letting it close behind them. Thus, the companions entered the Abyss, home of the Witch Queen.

The Abyss of the Realm of Korilan
The darkness was overwhelming. The world had seemed to go black. The three companions could not even see each other, though they knew they were in arm’s reach. 
Leaf began to mumble something. To Dogar the words were inaudible. Eliniza was able to decipher them. 
“I will shed a little light in this foul place,” Eliniza said. “But I fear it will draw attention to whatever dwells beneath the proper places of the world.” 
“Do it anyway,” Dogar mumbled. “Lest we stand here in the dark until the guards stumble into us.” 
Then there was quiet. Eliniza’s two companions could feel her movement. Then at last there was light from the tip of her staff. Dogar looked at her and saw the tears that stained her face. He lifted a thick finger upward and wiped them away. 
“We will have time for that later,” he said gently. “But, for now we have greater things to accomplish.” 
She shook her head and moved forward to lead them. Dogar saw too that Leaf wept and the dwarf put his heavy hand on the wood nymph’s shoulder. Leaf looked up. He was small, but a valiant warrior that had known loss before. Dogar knew the little one would be able to continue.
Thus they went on. Before them was a stair that swirled deep into hell below. Slowly they began to descend. Eliniza’s light shown into the forbidding darkness that hung heavy like a cloak all around them. Beyond in the distance were great webs that could only have been spun by giant spiders. They had no choice but to continue, for if the spiders noticed them and came upon them they would be lost. But fear had to be conquered, for the fate of the city of Radiance in Colivur and of all of Korilan depended now on their deeds and bravery.
For a long time they were on the stair, but they were fortunate and met no foe. The stair made its way past the kingdom of the spiders to a new world. There was solid ground now, but on that ground there was emptiness. The spiraling stair led down and into that ground.
“This must be the roof of the Witch Queen’s dungeon.” Dogar said. 
“Yes,” Eliniza replied. “Now we will learn our true strength. Be brave, my friends. Be brave for our fallen friend and for those of the world that are counting on us.”
A shrill ring echoed out into the dark. And in Eliniza’s hands were now two flames. One rested on top her staff, and the other was Elisteiri in her sword hand. It was like holy fire leaking across the nothingness. 
There was movement now, a small breeze rippling the great webs spun by ancient demons in a world cold and devoid of light and goodness. But in a place of such darkness there should be no wind, nor should it come from many directions. The three were coming close to the end of the stair now that took them away from this section of hell. A few feet from the enclosing entrance they stood when Dogar noticed what was going to befall them.
“Hurry!” The dwarf yelled, caring nothing for silence. “The spiders are upon us!”
Dogar rushed forward in fear and Leaf followed him into the chamber below. Eliniza’s blood froze and as her companions fled from the realm of the spiders, she did not. She turned; her left foot on the stair above her and looked upon the doom that came to meet her.  Three spiders fell on strings of silk shooting out from their bodies. 
It was too late for her to flee, unless she be caught and consumed as she descended. She held her ground, her blood pumping feverishly through her veins. In her right hand she raised the Staff of Elginii and in her left was Elisteiri held out to her side. 
The flame of Elginii burned brighter and its brilliance reflected upon her Falina forged blade. She was red-white like a burning star, for the holy fire burned all around her like a protective circle. She was an emissary of Tevindal’s Light in deepest depths of Devindal’s dungeons. 
The spiders did not slow, for hunger for fresh flesh was upon them. They came closer and closer to the Half-Falina princess, but her fear was gone now replaced by resolute redemption for her own soul before her grizzly demise. An ear-piercing yell emerged from her body as they came within striking distance. The fiery globe about her pulsed and a shock wave emitted itself. 
The shock wave was of absolute power and the two nearest spiders were incinerated, their ashes tumbling slowly below. The third spider slowed and looked curiously upon her. The light that had entered its unholy domain angered the spider’s many eyes. But the monster noticed the light was not as bright as before.
Eliniza felt weakened by the emitting blast that had come from the force around her. Two of her foes had been defeated, but one still remained and she still believed it to be more than her match. She did her best not to waver for she saw the hunger in the creature’s eyes and knew she stood alone in the darkness. 
The spider sprung at her. Its hairy black legs were like small tree trunks covered in hundreds of sharp needles. Two of the spider’s legs shot forward penetrating her fiery ring, but Elisteiri was there flashing twice. The sword moved like it was possessed, a burning stave of ancient sharp steel. One of the legs retracted from the sting, the other was cleaved at its joint.
“The Fire of Tevindal is about me, foul beast. Lady Laevindal’s eyes penetrate this foul darkness. She sees all. She lends me her strength. You will not defeat me!” 
The light around Eliniza grew. It started slowly but grew until it carried a heat of great intensity. The spider began to back away. Eliniza would not let it. 
“Shall you flee? You foul carrion of Gorthar. Sharp steel shall be your just reward here in the great hall of your master. No more webs shall you spin. No more days in your created darkness shall you enjoy. To the Abyss and the Void I shall send you! Tu Terrin en poul Tu Elisteiri!” 
Eliniza came like the thunder and the wind. Up the stairs she ascended. In her eyes there was a burning fire. The spider tried to flee upwards but it was halted. Elisteiri flashed, severing the silk web that was the beast’s escape.
The spider fell and landed on the staircase above the Half-Falina. She was possessed and full of fury. The spider struck out with its front legs. One hit the princess leaving small amounts of blood on her right shoulder. The price of the spider’s small victory was costly. Two of its legs were sliced from its body by the fire of the sword of ancient Falina make.
The dark creature knew now that all was lost. It tried to bound up the narrow stairs. The spider was too wide to make a quick enough ascent. Eliniza was given the unprotected flank of her foe. She moved swiftly forward and through the power of Elisteiri and the Staff of Elginii she slew the great spider and it tumbled and falling from the stair it entered the Void.
Then the light around Eliniza receded. And faltering like a snuffed out candle the darkness became the ancient chamber’s master. Eliniza rested upon the stair, alone in a world of darkness, but no foe dared an attempt on her in her wariness. For other foul eyes had watched the angel on the stair in her fury, and none that had seen it wished for any part of it. 
Voices were now carried up from below. They were the voices of Eliniza’s companions and they were full of awe and shame. The voices became louder as their keepers came closer. A small hand touched Eliniza’s shoulder and helped her to her feet.
“Dear lady, are you alright?” The voice asked sheepishly. 
It was the voice of Leaf. And in the wood nymph’s eyes there was sadness and a look of terror. His eyes went from the Half-Falina to the darkness around them.
“Let us leave this place and quick,” he said. “There is light in the chamber below. Quick! I think we are coming closer to our journey’s end.”
Eliniza regained her feet and leaned heavily upon her staff. She checked her surroundings. Leaf was smiling up at her. The wood nymph’s fear and guiltiness forgotten, glad only that his friend was well. She looked to Dogar, but saw only the dwarf’s back. 
He would not meet her eyes she knew. The dwarf was ashamed on what he had done, when his purpose with Eliniza was to protect her at all costs, as he had sworn. Eliniza felt no anger, only pity for her trusted friend. She should have fled too, but fate had stepped in and barred her path. 
“Lead the way, Leaf,” Eliniza said. 
The wood nymph did not wait for any more commands as he bounded down the stair to the chamber below. Eliniza took a step forward and grasped Dogar’s shoulder as he attempted to descend without having to meet her gaze. Dogar stiffened, awaiting the lashing at his fallen pride that he expected the princess to make.
“It is okay, my old friend,” she gently whispered into his ear. “You figured me to be right behind you.”
“I failed you,” Dogar said with his voice full of grief. “I left you to be eaten by those monsters. I can never regain my pride and worth.”
“That is where you are wrong,” said Eliniza jokingly. “Unfortunately, I believe there will be many opportunities to regain both your pride and worth in the very near future.”
Dogar snorted. Eliniza took it as Dogar laughing at the grim path they held. She knew the dwarf would pull it together. He had no choice. 
Dogar led the way down into the chamber below. It was a simple and empty place carved from the underwater rock long ago.  Nothing occupied the chamber, save the metal door that led to the beyond. 
Leaf, seeing that they were all there, moved to the door to open it. Dogar moved Leaf aside and started to examine the door. 
“Got to make sure there are no traps first,” the grizzled dwarf said. “Besides, we need a warrior leading this party not some little tree squirrel,” said Dogar laughing.
“Hey, I’m not a tree squirrel!” said Leaf. “I’m a wood nymph and I come from a family line of heroes.”
“Both of you knock it off,” came Eliniza. She noticed that both seemed to enjoy the small quips at each other. For both Leaf and Dogar hid a small smile on their faces. 
“It is unlocked and there are no traps. Are we ready to proceed?” asked the dwarf.
Both pairs of eyes turned back to Eliniza. She did not return the stares, but looked straight at the door. She thought of her people back home. She thought of the people of Radiance. She thought of Gilvias, now fallen into ruin in the clutches of the Void. She could not fail, for the hopes of Korilan rested upon her shoulders and those of her two companions.
“We are,” she barely whispered. “Open the door.”
Dogar followed her order and the door slowly opened revealing the blackness beyond. 

The Dungeon
The black shadows of the deep dungeon beyond were quickly dispersed. The light of the Staff of Elginii burned low, dimly lighting the graven darkness. The three moved forward slowly, their weapons out, prepared to deal with any evil that may befall them. 
The chamber they had entered was wide, but apparently empty. The ground was hard stone covered with dust and debris. On the walls were the webs of spiders, but they were of normal size, not those of the monstrosities they had found above. Everything seemed the color of gray slate.
They moved forward slowly, together. Dogar took the lead with Leaf close by his side. Eliniza walked behind both of them with her staff’s light emitting from behind her protectors. The dwarf carried his war-hammer as if he would strike at any moment. Leaf fingered the hilt of Thorn-Biter, letting this action consume his nervousness. 
Twenty feet up, the chamber narrowed due to a wall that spanned almost the entire chamber. The wall left only a small gap about five feet wide. After the heroes had passed through the gap, the chamber went back to its previous size. 
The floor was riddled with cracks and fissures here. Broken fragments of stones littered the floor. The walls seemed to have crumbled in random places. Rusted shards of metal were also evident on the floor. 
“There must have been a battle here,” Leaf whispered. 
“Keep your voice down,” the dwarf grumbled. “Or perhaps they will hear us and there will be another battle here.”
Leaf sank his head for a moment, embarrassed. His embarrassment did not last long, for the gravity of Dogar’s words put him too much on edge. 
“If there is a battle,” the wood nymph whispered, “then we shall prevail.” 
The dwarf looked over at him, but in place of his grumpy demeanor gleamed pride from his eyes. A heavy hand patted Leaf on his back and the would-be saviors of Korilan moved onward. 
As they crept forward they noticed before them a small doorway. No door stood connected to the open archway that was of curved stone. From the opening a dim light flickered. It was an echo of light pulsating from an unknown source. They moved slowly now towards it and Eliniza let her staff dim until its light became extinguished.
 The air felt heavier here, like a blanket of foreboding that worked to smother them. They came closer, with the only sounds being the shuffle of their feet and the clink of rhythmically dripping water that continued somewhere in the unseen distance. Dogar peered into the doorway, first seeing only a small corridor that led to a larger chamber from where the light emerged. He slowly moved forward to enter the corridor. The others cautiously followed. 
The corridor led them about twenty yards before reaching another archway. Hefting his war-hammer, Dogar slowly peered into the adjacent chamber. What he saw he guessed to be a once magnificent chamber, but had since fallen into decay and ruin. In each of the four corners of the chamber was a great stone pillar that extended to the high ceiling above. A fifth column at the chamber’s center had since fallen and its remains were twisted and broken upon the floor. 
At the room’s back center wall stood a mighty statue of a figure unknown to the dwarf. The statue’s arms were before it, and in its hands was a large stone bowl where a small pyre burned with a flickering reddish golden light. The dwarf scanned the rest of the chamber and saw two doors and another smaller statue. The first door was on the back center wall, the other was located on the left wall. The smaller statue stood near the first door and was of a mighty human warrior.
“Great,” Dogar muttered back to his companions. “More statues. Hope these don’t come to life as the other one did.”
“Shall we enter?” Eliniza asked.
“Yes. It’s now or we stand here until the Witch completes her dirty work,” Dogar replied.
“Do either of you know what her Well looks like or how it works?” Leaf asked curiously.
“No,” responded Eliniza. “But I am sure we are to find out by our quest’s end. For good or evil.” 
With that, silence enveloped them and they moved slowly into the chamber beyond. Dogar moved slowly forward. His eyes moved back and forth frantically looking for traps or danger. Leaf came in close behind, his small wooden looks seemed strange in an underwater world carved from stone, but he appeared heroic nonetheless. Eliniza came last, with the bright steel of Elisteiri in her hand. She stopped dead and gasped. 
“The Bowl of Mabaslu,” she quietly breathed.
The others turned and looked at her in surprise.
“I understand now,” she said to herself. Looking to her companions, she continued, “this place was not originally built by evil hands, but by the followers of Mabaslu, the God of Waters after the War of the Gods. It was said that the Three Pendants of the Water God’s power were kept here. The ancient tales never revealed the palace’s hiding place. Never did I ever dream that it was here in the Realm of Korilan.” 
“Three Pendants?” Leaf asked. “I thought we were looking for one, not three.” 
“The Witch Queen’s servants must have only recovered one of the three,” Eliniza replied. “Which of the pendants she has found, I have no idea. But the three were scattered and hidden many years ago after this palace was defeated and the faithful of the God of Waters dispersed. The pendants were called the Sapphire Pendant, the Pendant of Dark Flame, and the Pendant of Silver Ice. How they work, I do not know. But it is said that Mabaslu will need them when the Trumpet of Doom is sounded at the time of Rantarok.”
“And if he does not have all three?” Leaf asked.
“Then there will be an imbalance on the Cosmic Field,” Dogar replied. 
“Then our mission is more dire than we thought,” said Eliniza. “For our world is not the only one that hangs in the balance in this matter. If the Witch Queen has found one pendant, she may be searching for the other two.”
“Then which door do we choose?” asked the dwarf.
Eliniza looked about the room and saw the two doorways out of the chamber. One was shut and had a statue of a mighty warrior before it and the other was open with nothing blocking its way.
“I say we take the easier path first,” Eliniza said. 
“Good, I was thinking the same thing,” added Leaf.
The three moved across the debris-filled chamber to the open doorway. Peering in, Dogar saw another hallway that led to a chamber beyond. The hall was narrow, wide enough for only one at a time. He quietly moved into the hall with the others coming up behind him. 
They moved slowly and silently down the corridor to the new chamber’s opening. The chamber was lit by dim flickering torchlight and the grunts of a goblinoid language could be heard. Dogar turned to his companions and with a low voice told them that he believed that the room contained three creatures that were orc, goblin, or bugbear. Eliniza slowly moved in front of Leaf, her staff and sword held before her.
“Let us slay them quickly,” she whispered into the dwarf’s ear venomously.
“Agreed,” Dogar replied fingering his war-hammer.
The three charged in the room with no cries of battle and were on their foes before they knew what was truly taking place. The two orcs in the forefront of the room stood and met the frenzied charge of Eliniza and Dogar, while the bugbear at the back stood slowly hefting up a massive mace. Leaf somersaulted past his friends and rolled to a standing position before the bugbear. The beast snarled and laughed, knowing that he may fall today but before he did he would crush the little thing before him. 
The sounds of battle rang loudly throughout the chamber as the wood nymph and bugbear faced each other. The two races were ancient enemies on the Realm of Korilan. For centuries had the bugbear tribes fought wars against the wood nymphs to enslave them. That ancient hatred burned in both sets of eyes, but the bugbear was the first one to break the spell and his spiked mace descended like a lightning bolt at the stunned Leaf. 
Leaf raised Thorn-Biter at the last moment, but the impact threw him from his feet. Behind Leaf there was the sound of gurgling as Eliniza rammed Elisteiri through the gut of an orc. The creature’s black blood poured out upon the floor. She pulled out her sword from the orc’s midsection and the thing fell to its knees. Eliniza aided its demise by using her sword to sweep off its head. 
Dogar fought fiercely against his opponent. The orc swung a massive axe in arcs against the slower but sturdier dwarf. Dogar Stonecrusher moved quickly on his feet parrying the blows. The dwarf taunted the orc as it attacked. 
The creature became enraged and swung harder and more rapidly. The orc quickly wore itself out. Dogar was patient and when the weary orc left an opening in its defense the dwarf took it. Dogar’s war-hammer flung forward with one powerful and deadly stroke. The chamber echoed with the sound of crushing bones and pulverized flesh. 
Eliniza and Dogar turned their attention to their last foe. The mighty bugbear stood over Leaf now. The wood nymph was defenseless. Thorn-Biter had been knocked from Leaf’s hands and had skidded to the far side of the chamber. 
 A sadistic grin broke the furry face in two as it raised its heavy mace to smash its enemy at its feet. Anticipatory drool leaked from the monster’s mouth onto his victim below. 
“Mygar smash you now twig from the west.” Mygar, the bugbear, said in broken common.
Mygar’s mace descended. Leaf yelped as his doom rapidly approached. But doom was halted. The haft of Dogar’s war-hammer stayed the fatal blow. 
Mygar looked up at the dwarf. The bugbear’s eyes leaked venom and his smile of carnage delight turned to a deathly stare. But the expression on the Mygar’s face soon changed again, this time to shock. And the visage of shock eternally remained there as Eliniza withdrew Elisteiri out from the bugbear’s spine. 
The bugbear fell in death quickly to the floor. It was there that the heroes let him stay as they went quickly to tend to their friend. Eliniza dropped Elisteiri and went quickly to her knees. She propped up the small wood dwelling nymph.
“Leaf, are you hurt?” The Half-Falina asked.
Leaf shook his head no. “I thought I was about to die,” Leaf said. “I thought the last thing I was going to see in this life was that monster hovering over me before he dashed open my skull.”
“Well, I am sure nothing would have come out of it,” Dogar said in a gruff tone. Both Eliniza and Leaf’s heads jerked in the dwarf’s direction with surprise written on their faces. Dogar let loose a hefty laugh.
“You obviously must be a dimwitted fool to somersault like that into a bugbear’s lap,” Dogar said letting loose another laugh. 
“Hey, I thought it was mighty brave of me to do that,” Leaf responded. The wood nymph seemed over his fear, but was now intent on regaining his pride. Dogar laughed a third time seeing that his plan of erasing the terror his friend had just suffered was working. 
“Oh, it was brave alright,” Dogar quipped. “But so often bravery and lunacy means the same thing.”
Leaf scowled at the dwarf, which only caused Dogar’s smile to grow. The dwarf reached down and extended his hand. Leaf took it and was pulled from the floor. The dwarf looked long at Leaf, laughed, then moved away. 
Eliniza had already begun to search the room to see if anything of value could be found. Dogar and Leaf joined her. Leaf soon discovered rotted fragments of previous dinners. What disgusting dishes they had been, he did not know. Eliniza found nothing of use either. It was Dogar who found something that seemed tangible to keep. 
“Over here,” the dwarf motioned to his companions. “It seems this mess of hair maybe had something of value after all. It surely wasn’t his life,” Dogar smirked. Dogar bent forward and ripped a slender chain from the bugbear’s neck. On the end of the chain hung a small silver key. The key was dull and encrusted with filth.
“Bah! Such a foul thing,” Dogar said as he kicked the dead owner of the key. “Let us be gone from this wretched place. I never thought I would crave the light of the sky when underground.”
Taking the key they went forth from the chamber. And moving down the corridor they came back to the resting place of Mabaslu’s Bowl. Something seemed different in the room from the last time they had been there only minutes before. All sensed the strange sensation that radiated from the place. 
“Something’s different,” Leaf said, looking about the chamber trying to soak in all the details at once. His eyes darted, checking the walls, the floor, and the pillars. He could not place what had changed. He began to wonder if perhaps the fire in the bowl burned dimmer or brighter than it had before. He came to the conclusion that it had not changed. Eliniza and Dogar looked at each other and both shrugged their shoulders not being able to come to a conclusion on what was different.
They both turned as Leaf gasped. “The warrior statue,” the wood nymph exclaimed in a voice very close to panic. “It’s gone!”
Dogar’s eyes flashed across the chamber seeing too that the great statue of the warrior was missing. He moved forward, pushing Leaf back and stopped Eliniza’s forward movement with one glare of his eyes. “Stay here,” he commanded. He knew he had been a coward beforehand and now was the time to regain some of his honor. 
If the statue had come to life as had the sentry at the gate and still remained in the chamber, there was only one place it could be lying in wait for them. Dogar crept nearer to the collapsed pillar that lay in diagonal fashion across the shattered stone of the floor. And inching forward he crept closer to a doom that he knew to be waiting him. In his heart he felt something grow. As it grew, he became fierce and full of wrath. For Dogar knew that he would most likely fall in these halls beneath the flowing sea. 
Then coming to the fallen pillar he reached out and grabbed it. He forced himself up and over the crumbling stone and as he landed he came face to face with something that was no longer stone or statue. A great warrior there was crouched hidden in the shadow of the stone. Its skin was ruddy and thick, like leather. It stretched tightly across powerfully built muscles that rippled as the behemoth stood, slowly.
A helmeted mask of dull iron hid the warrior’s face. It was shaped like that of a ram’s skull and had curling horns that wrapped and twirled backward. Upon the visor was a shield for the eyes, some kind of transparent guard that allowed the thing behind the mask to have vision. But, for those that looked upon the helm saw the eyes as only have been painted a red that appeared as dried blood. 
The warrior wore little armor. He had upon his hands gauntlets of the same dulled color of iron as the helm. But across his left shoulder was strapped plated steel, which was adorned with sharp spikes. He hefted up a massive domed shield in his left hand, and its crest was the terrible image of the helm that the warrior wore upon its head. But, in the beast’s other hand he wielded a heavy sword.
Foul words of dark speech then emanated from behind the mask. The voice rumbled with a thundering deepness that could have had its source from the crevice of the Abyss in the darkest depths of the sea. The masked warrior moved its head forward, peering at Dogar, as if it was awaiting an answer. 
Dogar did not respond. Words again came from behind the mask and they were full of fierce anger. These words were of evil make, labored and crafted in such dark depths that the mere mortal mind would be broken by the nightmares that came from such use and learning. Of the speech, one word was the dwarf able to discern. And that word was Myr.
Then did Dogar answer the speech of the enemy and it was done with the strength of his arm and his hammer. The blow fell like a millstone, heavy and full of power. But the strike was stayed. For the mighty sword of the enemy was swift and true. The blade dipped and caught under the head of the hammer. Then the two stood and stared at each other, and there was great hatred.
The enemy in the great hall of the Bowl of Mabaslu moved back, releasing the hold upon Dogar’s hammer. Then the enemy laughed, and it was hideous and sounded like the grating of stone. In the shroud of that terrible sound that was joy of great evil, the enemy named himself. And he is called Nibgilous.
Nibgilous then came forward with great speed. His sword was swift and the strokes bore the power of a demon trained in the arts of war in the deeps of hell. But, Dogar was not a novice to ways of combat. For his people lived deep in the mountains and their lives were built around an endless war of protecting against the dark paths that rose up from the cracks of the Abyss. And the dwarf defended himself, even though he was driven back.
But, Dogar’s friends were stayed. For they would be no match for the fury of Nibgilous, and Dogar wished for them to take no part of the deadly contest. So the dwarf fought alone, his back against fallen stone. In his mind he became resolved to find victory, even though he knew he was outmatched. 
Dogar then struck a mighty blow, which was blocked by the great shield of Nibgilous. But the fury of the strike shattered the demon’s shield arm and rendered it useless. The shield fell and its great weight landed and crushed the foot of Nibgilous. A roar of pain was lifted up in the sacred chamber that had long ago been defiled by the foulness of Devindal. The Hammer of Stonecrusher struck at Nibgilous again, and he lost his balance and fell. 
It was then that Dogar found his chance. With the ill luck of his enemy beseeched upon him, Dogar moved forward. Then standing above a demon wrought in darkness Dogar let loose a mighty cry of triumph. The war-hammer forged long ago by Dogar’s kin descended. The blow that the dwarf dealt to the demon was cruel and unforgiving, for the ram’s helm was cracked and broken and the skull and flesh within was turned to gore. 
Dogar stood still, looking at his diminished enemy. The dwarf knew he had won a great victory, but he for some reason felt at a loss. And as he watched the spreading of the dark fluid of his mighty foe he came to a conclusion. That soon, very soon, he shall look like his fallen foe, that it would be his blood that spreads across the crumbled stone, and that all his victories in this quest would then be in vain.
He shook these thoughts away as his companions came to his side. They stood beside him and Eliniza smiled down at him, placing her gentle hand on his armored shoulder. “You fought bravely, dear Dogar, protector of the Royal House of Koarathandor,” she said. “Here in the chamber of the Bowl of Mabaslu, you have regained your honor that you believed was lost on the stair of the spiders.” 
The dwarf looked up at the Half-Falina princess he had long ago sworn to protect. He nodded to her, though his shame was still evident, even if less present. Dogar spoke no words, but turned and moved towards the door. Leaf and Eliniza followed.
Dogar took the key and placed into the lock. He turned the key slowly and a low click sounded, telling the dwarf the door had been unlocked. Dogar looked back at his companions and slowly pushed the door open. The three of them moved forward into the waiting chamber. They closed the door. None saw the shadow flicker in the corridor behind them. 
The chamber Dogar led them into was simple. The walls and floor were of gray stone and there was another doorway on the far side of the room. Leaf moved forward, not wishing to waste any time moving closer to the Witch’s lair. Eliniza stood still with a troubled look on her face. Dogar did not remain motionless. 
In a quick movement that seemed too fast for his stature, Dogar violently grabbed the wood nymph and flung him backwards. Leaf struck hard against the wall, with Thorn-Biter tumbling from his hand onto the dusty stone floor. Leaf shook his head to clear the stars that danced before his eyes and glared angrily at the dwarf.
“Do I look like an ugly bald-headed orc to you, beard face?” Leaf spat at Dogar. Dogar only raised a hand at him to signify quiet. Leaf huffed; his face growing redder that the dwarf had first manhandled him and now had the nerve to shush him too. Leaf regained his feet and his sword and moved stormily in the dwarf’s direction. 
Leaf was stopped a second time. This time it was in a gentler manner. Eliniza placed her had on Leaf’s shoulder. Though the hand did not hold restraining power, its presence demanded obedience. To this, Leaf complied and without any objections. 
“This room has a trap,” Dogar said, breaking the silence.
“Yes, I felt it too.” Eliniza replied. 
Dogar nodded and Leaf looked at both of them with big eyes. Dogar drew a dagger and tossed it to the center of the chamber. The dagger hit the stone floor. The blade bounced once then was swallowed as the chamber’s floor opened up revealing a great pit that ended in a floor of spikes. The pit was circular shaped, leaving only a small amount of room against the walls to go around it. Amongst the spikes were many old skeletons of the unfortunate. 
Dogar slowly turned his head and looked at Leaf. The wood nymph’s eyes grew even larger looking at the death pit before him. Leaf met Dogar’s gaze and nodded his head once in shocked thanks. Dogar returned the nod and Eliniza took her hand from Leaf’s shoulder. The wood nymph almost collapsed.
“We go about the rim. Stay as close to the wall as possible. Don’t slip.” Dogar said.
The dwarf moved first. He moved slowly around the lip of the pit. But, the dwarf was more graceful than he appeared and he was soon safely to the other side. Eliniza went next. She made the trip quickly and safely to the far side without even a glimpse on her face that one wrong step would send her to a grisly doom. 
Leaf was a long time coming. For many moments he stood paralyzed. His eyes were downcast to the pointed steel of the spikes below. His mind replayed over and over the deadly wounds he would have suffered if Dogar had not stopped him from proceeding. From across the pit the dwarf growled and tapped his foot impatiently.
“I’m coming,” Leaf said. “Just give me a moment. I was almost down there with the others!” Leaf exclaimed, pointing adamantly to the skeletons. 
“I’m going to toss you down there with them if you do not hurry up!” Dogar grumbled. 
Leaf mumbled something the dwarf could not make out. Eliniza clearly heard what was said and put a hand over her mouth to hide a smile. The wood nymph made his way across, but not without theatrics and overplay of slipping in the pit. Dogar did nothing but shake his head. Eliniza smiled only with her eyes. 
Soon he was across the lip of the pit and all three stood safely on the other side of the chamber. A door stood shut against them on the wall that they now faced. Eliniza went swiftly to it and listened. Dogar watched her as she frowned. 
“I do not hear much, but I sense great evil. This may be the Witch’s lair. Ready yourselves then, for beyond this door we may find death, but we must also find victory,” Eliniza said. 
Dogar looked at the Half-Falina princess protectively, while Leaf seemed to swallow something caught in his throat. “Then let this be done,” growled the dwarf. He moved forward and opened the door, he passed through it and his companions followed.  

The Witch and the Lake of Fire
As they entered the great chamber, rolling heat blasted them. The chamber spread out before them with six stone pillars obstructing their view. Wafts of hot haze drifted up from the floor nearly fifty feet before them. The companions moved forward slowly, weapons drawn, as they came around the pillars to see the rest of the chamber. 
Lying on the stone floor lay several decayed bodies. Most were without flesh. These dead seemed to have been there for centuries, but there was something that Eliniza and Dogar both noticed. The weapons that lay next to the skeletons had not been touched by rust or age, but were sharp and bright. 
The three had their gaze taken away from the skeletons as they peered forward. Before them at the center of the chamber was a stone bridge that separated the two halves of the room. The bridge curved and slithered like a snake to the other side. It was the only safe passage over the boiling lake of the blood-red molten fire below. 
A solitary shape stood on the other side watching them. It was a woman. Her skin and hair were black, but that was not her natural color. It was the darkness of taint and corruption, and the foulness of selling one’s soul to Devindal. 
The three invaders stood staring at their unwilling hostess. The Witch peered back, her hands still hovering over a stone well from which a green fume emerged. The Witch’s gaze seemed focused on only one of the three, and that was Eliniza. Eliniza broke off the stare and looked above the unholy keeper of this once holy place.  Hanging above the well, as if by invisible strings, was a shining pendant. 
“The pendant,” Eliniza whispered mostly to herself. 
Her companions heard and their eyes shifted quickly to the prize they had sought. The Witch too seemed to hear what was said and her head moved slowly that she too could look upon the coveted token. The dark woman turned her gaze back to the intruders of her foul hall. 
“You have come just in time to watch your demise,” the Witch said with a voice that was surprisingly pleasant. “And as this world withers away from the destruction of the Pendant of Silver Ice within my Well, others too will falter. For the other two Pendants of Mabaslu’s Bowl are being sought by the agents of my master and he will find ways to make their demise become the destruction of other worlds.”
“Your master?” Eliniza asked incredulously.  The Half-Falina’s eyes darted to her friends then back to the Witch. They were full of shock and fear. Her mind raced, thinking that the Witch’s forces were bad enough, but if there was a greater power moving her hand? 
“Who is your master?” Eliniza demanded. 
The princess received laughter as her response. It was gentle, which made it all the more eerie. There was also something very familiar to that laugh, Eliniza thought, but she did not dwell on it. 
“I guess it does not hurt to tell? No, I suppose not.” the Witch said, answering her own question. “My master is the Emissary of Devindal.”
“Scourge,” Dogar growled as he hefted his war-hammer up and made for the bridge.
“Oh no, my dwarf, that is quite far enough,” the Witch said. “I grow tired of this and I have much work to be done to poison the waters of this world, so that all of your friends will die a most horrible death.”
Even from the distance, Leaf, Dogar, and Eliniza could tell she smiled. 
“Now, it is time for you to die,” the Witch said with finality.
She muttered words they could not hear and motioned with her hands. Beams of greenish light sprang forth, coming near the three companions waiting across the bridge. The three ducked, thinking the beams were meant to consume them. All missed their supposed mark. 
Eliniza was first to look up. She peered at Dogar and the mighty dwarf looked back at her and shrugged. Leaf too, was up and moving. Eliniza then looked to the Witch. She paid them no heed as she continued with some spell that was long and complicated to cast. 
“She doesn’t seem to care that we are still here,” Eliniza said in disbelief. 
An answer to her statement came, but it was not from any of her companions. Screeches and scraping filled the hall. The three looked around to see the skeletons they had passed now rising. They all bore weapons of excellent make and as they stood to their full height it was clear that they had once been something much larger than any human. 
“They are all around us!” Leaf screamed.
Eliniza and her friends put their backs to one another as four monstrous skeletons made way to them. The group was cut off from the way they had come and the bridge too was blocked, for a skeleton had risen to bar the way to the Witch Queen. Eliniza looked to her friends and saw the panic and desperation on their faces. She knew now was the time for strength and courage, even though she felt she had little of either. 
“For our friends!” she yelled. “For Radiance! For Korilan!” 
Elisteiri whipped in a blur. The blade’s sharp steel hummed as it descended towards its nearest foe. 
“For the Woll Woods! For Raxis!” Leaf yelled, echoing Eliniza. 
Leaf ducked low and let his treesword arc to the exposed legs of the skeleton that bore down on him. 
Dogar cried no mantra, but instead roared with such intensity that columns of the chamber seemed to shake. His war-hammer Gololdye came down and smashed into the shield of the one who held the bridge. The bronze shield rang out like a bell as it cracked down the center, falling rent and ruined to the stone surface. 
Then the hall was filled with the sound of chaos. The dead things that moved to engage them bore immense power. Though their vocal cords had long ago rotted away, they still spoke, but in the ways of screeching horror. The sound of it was ear piercing, but the would be heroes of the realm had no choice but to ignore it. 
The clashing of steel echoed shrilly throughout the hall. The heroes fought bravely, but it was clear to them that they were outmatched. Gololdye smashed into the leg of the skeleton on the bridge. The bone shattered, flinging fragments in a shower of white chips. The dead creature toppled. It fell screaming and was swallowed by the liquid fire below. 
Dogar turned to the others. “The way is clear! Hurry! To the Witch Queen!” he yelled.
But, as he yelled he saw that he distracted Eliniza in the hope that they could engage the demon of this dungeon. Her eyes turned away from the two monsters she fought and looked at the dwarf. Dogar saw her flank exposed and watched helplessly as a spear plunged forward, unopposed, making to sink into her soft flesh. 
Dogar’s mouth would not work. It moved but emitted no sound. He waited for the blow that would take her life. Then there was a moment where time seemed to stop. 
As the spear inched closer to its destination there was a flicker of a shadow and a beam of what seemed to be flowing silver liquid. Then the shadow stopped and the liquid became solid and sharp steel stood true. The spear was deflected and once again the silver became liquid and it passed through the skeleton’s broad shield and hardened at the other side, cutting the monster in two. 
Dogar looked to he who held the sword, as did Eliniza and Leaf. And standing there defiantly, wrapped in a tattered green cloak, stood Gilvias Oakstar. The three opened their mouths at once to ask questions, but they were answered before they found their voices.
“Fight, you fools!” Gilvias said to them. 
Their wits returned to them and Eliniza, seeing the bridge was open, turned and fled to it. Dogar charged passed her and engaged the foe she had stood against. Leaf backed up to the mouth of the bridge to defend it, as Gilvias confronted Leaf’s former opponent. 
Now, the Witch Queen looked up from her dark doings and saw Eliniza slowly approaching across the Lake of Fire. The Witch Queen looked angrily at Eliniza and then back to her Well. She gave up on her concoction and spell and moved slowly toward the bridge. The Witch Queen came a few paces onto the bridge and stopped. Eliniza stopped her advance as well. 
They stood there face to face, ignoring the clash of weapons that rang out behind them. Eliniza was determined, but breathing hard. Her fierce look gave the Witch pause as the demoness looked her over and perceived her strength. Eliniza studied her foe as well, and in doing so discovered a truth that haunted and startled her.
“You are a Half-Falina of Koarathandor,” Eliniza breathed heavily. “You are one of my kin.” 
“So it seems,” the Witch Queen replied. “I was once Dellia Koarathandor of the Realm of Korilan, long before you entered the world. It is ironic, is it not? That those of the same ancestry will decide the fate of this world. I desired power. I left home and on my travels. I met a man who taught me much. The man is known by many names, but you know him as Scourge,” the Witch Queen said with a smile.
“Enough,” Eliniza could take no more. “I did not come here to mince words with a Dread Lord underneath the surface of the world!” 
From the Staff of Elginii a light grew at its tip. It was bright, but held no color. Elisteiri caught the growing light and soon burned with a bright fire. The smile that had touched the Witch Queen’s lips slid away and was replaced with a mask of horror. Her features had grown hideous and grotesque. 
The Witch raised her hands and two beams shot forth from her fingertips. A flame from Eliniza’s staff intercepted the beams, erasing them from existence. The Witch Queen sneered, “You have no power that is superior to mine!” More beams and lances of fire erupted from the creature’s black hands. 
Eliniza defended herself from all the forms of the Witch’s attacks. Her staff shot-forth protective fire, and Elisteiri blocked spells down into the fire below. “You are right, fallen Falina. I may not be as powerful as you, nor have I had training from demons. But, I have aid.” And as in answer, a soft melody floated over the din of battle. It could be barely heard by the combatants, but it was heard.
“No,” the Witch Queen whispered. “She cannot be here.”
“She is,” Eliniza replied. Then the battle on the bridge raged on, and it did not last long. 

The Finding of the Pendant and the New Quest…
The skeleton warriors crumbled to piles of bones with the death of their master. The three warriors turned as one and looked to the bridge where Eliniza had done battle. It was empty. Eliniza now stood on the other side next to the Witch Queen’s Well. She stood looking up at the pendant floating above the concoction of doom. 
“The Pendant of Silver Ice,” she whispered to herself. 
“You may take it,” a female voice said. 
Eliniza and her companions turned suddenly, looking for the speaker. Their response was met by gentle laughter. Behind Eliniza a bright glimmer began to grow until there was a vision of a beautiful woman. Eliniza gasped and went to her knees. Her companions who had crossed the bridge joined her.
“I have been with you a long time, Eliniza,” the visage said. “I have aided my strength to yours to help you grow. All of you have completed a brave deed. Radiance and Korilan will be saved. Even now the armies of the Witch Queen are in dissolution with her death. Her spell is broken, the Pendant is saved.”
“But, the Witch Queen spoke true. Even now the agents of Scourge are moving to secure the other two pendants. He must not be successful. The loss of one pendant may be enough to weaken Tevindal’s forces at Rantarok. And Scourge has his own dark plans for the Realms of Confusion. Do not underestimate him.”
“I will no longer be able to aid you. You must all go on alone to find the other two pendants. The Sapphire Pendant is located somewhere in the world of Corthan. Where the other hides, I do not know.”
Beside the vision of the Goldenflower a blue glowing door began to take shape. It hung on nothingness. Its corners were perfect and the companions knew it was a portal to another world. They could see a forest glade on the other side. 
“Take this path to Corthan. The pendant is hidden somewhere in the middle of the world. Go, and may Tevindal bless you all,” with that said she faded and was seen no more.
The warriors stared at where the spirit of Breina Goldenflower had been while Eliniza grabbed the Pendant of Silver Ice. Eliniza came to them and stared long at Gilvias. 
“How?” her voice was barely above a whisper. 
“I will tell you on the other side, Meldina.” He replied.
She smiled and took his hand, and together the four heroes stepped through the portal to Corthan beyond. 




The wind blew its breath as the ship crossed the crests of the Sapphire Sea. The bow of the ship lifted and sank, as it cut the churning waves leaving only white foam in its wake. The light from the Tower of Sunrise shown its brilliance brightly as the light reached its zenith before the descent and submission of power to the Tower of Sunset. 
Wave Dancer was a sturdy vessel, cut and fashioned by the elves from the tall golden trees that stood near their old home in Mistborne Forest. Its sides were white like those heavenly clouds that floated on unseen currents across the realm of the sky. And its rim was golden from the echoes of the trees and was trimmed with silver. A tall mast stood like a beacon of hope to those who beheld it. Tall it was and ho! It had about it an unfurled banner of yellow gold, like the breaking of dawn on the eastern horizon. 
The banner caught the whispering breeze and filled with majestic pride. Its emblem a round golden gem that paid homage to the Ball of Light that was, long ago. At the edges were hints of rubies and sewn emeralds that flashed like pulsating fire with each striking of a beam from the Towers of Twilight.
But, this ship held more than majestic makings. It held a crew of great renown, which had long ago embarked on a desperate mission. Though their goal was before them, it was hidden in its ultimate destination, and demons crept always, ever closer, to thwarting them. 
Upon that vessel, a song went up. And its chorus was the breaking of waves, but the voice that lifted up the tune was tender and soft. The voice was that of a woman, who had long ago forsaken her royal heritage and ventured into the wilderness where she came onto the track of her destiny. 
Her words were a mixture of the ancient and common tongues. Her companions sat silently in the haul of the ship and intently listened, enthralled by her every word. The song, which she sung was ancient in its content, and spoke of a wondrous place that was lost long ago in the deep currents of time. Her song was for Thera.
Eliniza’s song ended and it seemed that the sound of the sea was that of mourning. Her companions sat looking upon her with tear stained cheeks. There was no shame in their weeping, for the song for the loss of Thera was awe strikingly beautiful in its sadness, and the destruction of such a place of peaceful glory deserved such reverent sorrow.
As she raised her head she was bathed in the dying light of the Tower of Sunset. Its red glow struck out against the gleaming sea and made it as flame. But, as her companions looked up, it was Leaf, a small wood nymph from the Woll Woods of Colivur, which spotted the ancient temple rising out of the swallowing sea. He pointed in great excitement, and following his finger they beheld the algae entangled columns, which many were cracked and broken. 
Then the ship turned and made its course. And as the dying embers of light filtered out onto a world ready for slumber, the ship reached the edge of the ancient temple. The water seemed to hiss as it flowed over the bases of broken columns, like ravenous foam over barred teeth, and it slipped down the stairs at the open throat to the darkness below. Then did Gilvias rise and drawing Coldyne with one hand he moved forth from the boat to the temple gate. Dogar tossed him a rope and he fastened the ship to the makeshift dock. 
Then he looked at his companions and gave them a single nod. He turned then, and looking down to the depths of darkness of the stair that lay still as a swallowing abyss, he breathed deeply. Then his companions stood by his side, and their presence calmed his thoughts of the coming quest, a quest that may determine the destiny of a cosmic battle long predicted, yet longer spoken about with dread. 
Gilvias moved closer to the precipice, and though the world faded into darkness as it gave way to the grip of night, a new light did shine. Moving to the ranger’s side was a woman of reverence and beauty. Her features were that of antiquity and of ages thought lost to time and the endless depths of the Forever Night Sea. But, she reached out and her gentle fingers grazed the shoulder of the ranger that was once thought lost to the Void. He smiled, and he looked back into her eyes as the Staff of Elginii blazoned the path that most of the party believed to be held by the dead.

The Temple of Sunken Echoes
The stairway descended like a swirling ship stuck in a whirlpool. Salt water slid down the steps to keep the algae covered stones from parching. Long did they take to the stairs, as if night had turned to day and repeated itself a thousand times. There was silence in the depths, but that silence held no qualities, for as far as they could tell it had not revealed to be for good or evil. 
Then the stair stopped. The light from the staff slowly ventured out as if unsure. What was revealed was a world cut from stone. An underworld fashioned by some mighty hand, but it did not look the work of Gorthar. 
As if a response to the light, there was a shrill ring that called clear out from the darkness of the world below. It rang out once like hammer on stone, or a note from a shrill horn. The four stopped, looking out and listening to this new world. Their hearts beat rapidly as one. All was quiet after the ring, but there seemed to be faint echoes of its announcement. 
Gilvias stepped away from the stair; his feet reaching water topped solid stone. His eyes scanned the columns that rose to a ceiling he did not see. The columns were of firm make, and though not decorated, they seemed of great worth. Eliniza joined him, lending her light to his vision. Dogar and Leaf crouched behind them. 
The ring called out again. It reverberated across the water and the four felt the water ripple at their feet. Coldyne led the way, with its silvery liquid flashing in the great hall that rested under the sea. Behind Gilvias, Dogar muttered something about how he used to like being in caves. 
They did not pause, afraid to tarry in such a place. They moved forward and with each step the ring sounded. It began to increase as they moved through the opening of the first set of columns. The sound was building, and its echoes against the stone were intensifying the sound like a rising chorus. 
Then they came forth through another set of columns and the sound of the ringing was joined by a low hum, like a new tone being added to the undersea song. The rippling of the water increased and became small lapping waves. The four moved forward as one, with their weapons bristling out before them.
They came to a third set of columns and knew these to be gates, which they were entering. And the song’s echoing grew in its strength and a new layer to the song was added. The playing of tenor notes in a staggered pattern joined the ring and the hum. The four could now feel the pressure of the force waves from the building song, but none knew its purpose or design. They did only what they could, they moved on.
In the distance their own light became stronger, reflecting back to them. The cavern walls were descending and rounding, coming back to meet the stone floor. Dogar was the first to see it, his audible gasp giving away his pleasure at seeing such a grand sight of mystery. There in the shadows stood a sealed gate that was of solid sapphire and was adorned with script lined in flowing silver. 
The song became louder and the elements of the song were still there but changed in their procession. Ever closer the four moved to the gate and as they stood before it a triumphant sounding of a dozen horns sang out. The sound was deafening, but held no evil. It was glorious, like the baying of trumpets to welcome home a victorious army. 
A light grew from Eliniza’s pack and shimmered through the confining fabric. “Meldina,” Gilvias gently whispered, and was somehow heard above the song. She reached for her pack and removed the source of the light, the Pendant of Silver Ice. She held the talisman before her and the silvery light from the pendant illuminated the flowing script on the sapphire gate. 
The script glowed from the new light and turned frosty in its appearance. A glowing light appeared at the center of the gate. The light stretched from the gate’s center to the cavern’s ceiling to its floor. Then there was a great boom and the gate slowly moved inward and the song sang out in one last shout, and then was nothing more than fading echoes. 

The Tower of Undersea Shadows 
“You may enter, bearers of the Pendant,” said a deep voice of pristine majestic quality. 
Thus they entered a great hall that was dimly lit. As they passed through the open gate, a strange feeling struck them. It seemed to them that a cool, icy current had touched their flesh. They brushed it off as the majesty that lay before them was revealed.
The hall was fashioned from coral and jewels. It radiated a dim light that pulsed a blue and teal green color. The walls were living organisms, complete with great bowls that contained living fish and sea creatures of every kind. The source from the light itself came from star shaped fish that emitted a pale, white glow. 
As they stood, fixated on the wonders that were displayed out before them, the gate behind them closed. The four turned as one as the gate boomed, with Dogar moving back to examine its craftsmanship. 
“You will find none like it in all the Realms, master dwarf,” said the deep voice they had heard moments earlier.
The speaker, they could see, was now visible for he had been behind the door at its opening. At the sight of the gatekeeper, Dogar stumbled backwards grasping for his hammer. The dwarf’s eyes had gone wide with shock at the hulking creature that stood before him. Dogar drew back his hammer to strike.
“Hold!” 
Dogar stopped, as if enchanted by a spell. But, it was not his potential adversary that had given the command. Eliniza moved forward and gently laid her hand on Dogar’s arm. “Hold, my friend,” she said in softer tones this time. “We are not among enemies.”
Eliniza turned and looked at the creature that had not so much had blinked even though he was close to feeling the wrath of the Hammer of Stonecrusher. Her eyes too, registered shock, but held with it awe and respect for whom she was looking. 
“I thank you, one that shares the bloodline of the Falina,” the deep voice said in good humor, but without mockery. “Long has it been since I have seen one that has ties with the Ancient Ones and longer since it has been since I have seen the Pendant of Silver Ice. My master will be most pleased.”
“Your master,” Eliniza whispered softly. 
The keeper of the gate nodded in response.
Dogar was less formal and diplomatic with his words. “What are you?” 
Now the creature moved, its pride taking over. It moved into the full light and gathered its height, which was thrice that of Dogar. Dogar held his ground, but was visibly intimidated. Behind Gilvias, Leaf let out a low whistle, displaying his own awe of the magnificent beast before them. 
“I am the Gatekeeper of the Tower of Undersea Shadows. One of the Muladeen, the protectors of the Realm of the Crystal Blue, and of the honor guard to the Lord of the Waters, the God Mabaslu.”
Gilvias looked the Muladeen from head to toe. The creature appeared to wear no natural clothing. In its place were scales of light blue that glittered like ice. The gatekeeper had a chest that seemed the size of an ale barrel and arms the size of a large dwarf. 
Gilvias looked down the Muladeen’s arms, watching how the scales over the upper arms gave way to yellow fur that covered slender fingers with great metallic claws. Within those claws were clutched a tall javelin that looked like a great fiery flame that had been frozen. Gilvias let his eyes drift to the majestic Muladeen’s face. 
The prideful eyes looked back at Gilvias. They were round and brown, trimmed in yellow. The eyes held by the entity, should have belonged to a lion, which was a wild creature that Gilvias had heard stories about, but had never seen. The gatekeeper had a mane that was slick with shades of brown and silver, and tied back with a leather cord. A few strands of the mane were loose from the cord, but they were braided, and woven into them were small medals that appeared as if they were military badges. 
“You are to be escorted to the hall of my master,” the Muladeen said. 
With that he reached behind him and retrieved a small conch and softly blew into it. Moving his fingers over small holes purposely placed along the side of the conch, the Muladeen manipulated the tune that the shell played. The song itself was soft, but it bounced off the walls and pools of water in the chamber and moved strongly down the wide corridor. 
A moment after the gatekeeper stopped playing, an answering tune made its way back to them. 
“A royal escort will be here shortly,” the gatekeeper stated. 
Stroking his curiosity, Leaf spoke up, “A royal escort? For us?”
The gatekeeper looked at the wood nymph. His composed manner seemed to be at last ruffled somewhat. “You bear one of the lost pendants of Lord Mabaslu. You will be treated with the highest of honors.”
Leaf shrugged his shoulders and looked to Dogar. The dwarf mumbled under his breath that hopefully that meant they would feed them. Eliniza placed her hand on the dwarf’s shoulder and sternly looked at him. The look caused Dogar to straighten up and compose himself.
“Ah, some of my brothers arrive,” the gatekeeper stated.
As quiet as an owl stalking the night, another of the Muladeen warriors appeared from the chamber. None of the party had seen or heard his approach. It was not until the gatekeeper and the escort had saluted each other did the companions notice the other Muladeen that had come as well. 
There were two rows of three stationed across from each other along the tranquil walls. They shifted their javelins forming an archway for the honored guests to pass under. Their deliberate movements were the only things that gave them away. 
Then the royal consort bowed low to the traveling companions. Rising, he stood to his full height, and revealed himself to be much like to the gatekeeper, save he wore a long cape of scarlet and blue. He named himself Korestar of the High Court, and with a grand sweeping motion he called for them to follow him, and they did. 
And they traversed several grand halls and passages with Korestar guiding them and the honor guard behind them. As they walked in silence there seemed to be a whispering of a tune. It was like soft playing music of all the sounds of water, from the trickling of a babbling brook to the roar of waves crashing upon a cliff. The weariness of all their journeys and tribulations were cleansed from their hearts and they felt a presence in their souls that they had not sensed for a long time; joy.
Then they came to a new area. There were staircases that spiraled upwards to watchtowers and spires that were formed from coral and reefs. Windows allowed them to peer out into the depths of the Realm of the Crystal Blue, and the creatures they witnessed there were strange, but beautiful, and were of many colors and plentiful. And the bearers of the Pendant of Silver Ice were moved.
They came then to a door that stood taller than the one that had brought them to this realm. It appeared as they stood with Korestar that the door was thrice the height of a Muladeen. It was adorned with gems of blue and green, and portrayed a mural of great beauty and sadness. 
They waited there, and Korestar watched them and allowed them to gaze upon the door. Engraved on the door was a great city, of the likes of none they had seen before. Tall it was, and with many gates. In the distance, a purple mountain rose to meet the sky, and the blue and purple mingled and became one. A field stretched out before the city leading to a forest that crowded a mouth of a cave.
“What is this place?” Gilvias asked, pointing to the city. 
Korestar came to the ranger’s side and looked upon the city. There was a mix of emotions upon his face. “That is Valithoth,” Korestar said. “It is the city of Tevindal.”
The four companions looked at each other in wonderment. 
“Where does this city lay?” asked Gilvias.
Korestar was silent for many moments, pondering his answer. “It is beyond the reach of the Realms. It is beyond the Temple of Runes and the Great Doorway of the Void, past the confining walls of Ultuma.”
“You have been there?” piped up Leaf.
“No,” Korestar said, shaking his head sadly. “I have not had such a privilege. Only one has been there besides those that reside there, and only in a dream long ago.”
“Lord Mabaslu?” Eliniza questioned.
“No, Lord Achaines, when he was still but mortal,” Korestar said. “Now, we have dallied long enough. My Lord waits.”
And with that he pushed open the grand doors revealing the throne room within.

The High Seat of the Lord of the Waters
The dim light within showed with an eerie essence. There were bards with many arms strumming strange elongated harps. They all plucked the same note many times in succession before a plethora of sounds rose up into the din, forming a procession of sound that was as strange as the pale light that illuminated the grand hall. 
Strange shapes lumbered within. They moved with inconsistency, as if they slowly bounced on their feet at irregular intervals. The bards began to slowly sing now, their voices reaching to such great depths of sound that the floor began to softly vibrate. The four truly noticed the bards now for what they were. 
Great eyes peered at them with milky white irises. The faces were wide with dark shades of green and brown. One of the bards noticed their disconcerted looks and performed what could only be guessed as a smile from its massive frog-shaped head. A great many bubbles bellowed forth from the bard’s mouth.
“We cannot enter here,” Gilvias whispered urgently to Korestar. His voice was downcast and low, not wanting to interrupt the scene unfolding in the royal chamber of this strange realm. “We have no ability to withstand this room. We will drown and perish.”
“All of this entire Realm is below the surface, Master Ranger,” Korestar replied. “You are not the first air-breathing mortals to visit our palace. We have preparations for such occasions.” 
With that, Korestar moved before them drawing to his full height. It seemed as if the song from within the room grew louder and stranger and seemed as if it was carried across a great distance through the currents of water that somehow stayed bound within. There was a rushing of sound and a grand light seemed to flood out of the chamber behind Korestar.
The bards played rapidly in a rushing order. The sounds sounded metallic. The harps then blasted a hymn of great power and the building light flooded out from the chamber and washed over the four companions. 
The light was bright and searing, causing them to shield their eyes. Leaf opened his mouth to cry out, but no sound could escape. Each of the four felt pain upon their necks, as if their flesh was ripping from within. Dogar reached for his massive war-hammer feeling they had been betrayed and would take Korestar down into the Void with him.
But, recession came just as suddenly as the sound and light’s assault.  The pain at their necks subsided, and all were left feeling weakened from the force that had been used upon them. They looked at each other, and all knew that they appeared different, but none could place it.
It was Eliniza that noticed it first and her words rushed out in shock, rather than from complete comprehension. “We have gills,” she said, and her hand moved absently to her own neck. 
The others followed suit, feeling the new adaptations of their bodies. Korestar before them smiled a great toothy grin. Gilvias let out a small smug laugh. “Lead on,” he said to the Muladeen. Korestar moved out from before them and held out a long scaled arm beckoning them forward. 
The movement into the Chambers of the High Seat of the Lord of the Waters was something out of a dream. They moved slowly, and the sheet of water that stood at the chamber’s edge did not sway or move, but held to its form as they slowly moved into it. The water was salty and warm like bath water. 
The sounds and light altered as they entered. They no longer found the eerie beams of light that filtered into the dry chamber beyond. Instead there was a consistent glorious glow that complimented the chamber made from coral and decorated it in the colors of earthly rainbows. The music changed too, it was richer and welcoming. It had majestic qualities, fit for the throne room of a king. 
The bards did not seem monstrous, nor was the movement of those within still strange. All seemed right and in order around the chamber. Statues that were tall and grand stood in the far corners of the chamber. They had small traces of algae upon them and small schools of fish swam in their shadows. 
They moved deeper into the throne room of the Tower of Undersea Shadows looking openly at those of Mabaslu’s court. The members were of humanoid nature, but had fins or faces of turtles or fish. The court officials stared back, not angered at the shock that was registered on the faces of the new guests, but rather they were entertained. 
Their attention turned away from distractions, seeing now a Lord of Tevindal displayed in all of his majesty and glory. The Throne of Pearl upon which Mabaslu sat was tall and broad and gleamed golden in the underwater shadows. But, the throne seemed small compared to the great Lord who sat upon it. And Mabaslu sat upright, clad in his bodily mail of emerald and ivory scales. A crown that was an azure helm upon his head shaded his face. He held in his right hand Galdring, his Pearl Trident, which was both his mighty weapon and scepter. Upon his neck hung a gleaming silver chain, which was laden with a medallion that was blue like the evening sky. 
The four were ushered before the Lord of the Realm of the Crystal Blue. Then Korestar bowed to his master, both deeply and reverently. Horns blared and the harps were strung in a rising chorus, and Mabaslu looked upon his guests with weighing eyes. The four standing under that keen gaze bowed to the Lord as deeply as they could, waiting long before they rose again. 
“Hail! Mighty Lord of the Deep!” cried out Korestar. The Muladeen’s fist had moved over his heart and his eyes burned with bright flames as he looked upon his master. “Hail! Master of all Water, be it rain or snow!”
Then there was silence, which seemed immeasurable and all consuming. It grew as deep as the depths of the blue sea that was cast about the undersea castle in which they resided. Then, at last there was a great thundering. It seemed that the walls shook, and the water about them bubbled and fizzled and was displaced. 
The water roared forth in the form of a wave, and the four companions did what they could to stay rooted to the surface floor. The white-foamed and crested wave swept past them, moving deeper into the chamber. All was clear before them now and they witnessed the Lord of the Waters standing before them.
Great in height he was and terrible to behold! Mighty in every facet, he stood as one of the true servants of Tevindal. He held out Galdring and one his servants moved to take hold of the mighty weapon. He then spread his arms widely in a grand welcoming gesture. He then spoke. His voice was like the roaring waves that hurl upon the cliff, and the four understood not of what he had said. 
“My dear friends, you have performed a mighty deed,” said Korestar translating. “Long has my thought been bent on the Pendants that sat in my Bowls of old, before treachery and war scattered them. My servants have sought them in vain, and my counsel has gone unfulfilled. Long have I dwelt in the darkness of my thoughts. Knowing what would occur if those that were missing were not returned before the Final Darkness of the Gods, the Battle that is prophesied to be held on the Cosmic Fields of Rantarok.”
“For it has been written, without the possession of the Three, I shall not wield the strength to pierce my greatest foe and send him to the Ruin long reserved for him. Where now have you come across the Pendant of Silver Ice? My heart desires to hear the tale!”
Gilvias took a deep breath, nervous in confronting a Lord of Tevindal in human speech. “In the most unlikely of places, my Lord,” he said.
“The tale is long, and I shall tell you in full. But, know it so, that the Pendant had returned to its place of original holding, but through devices of wickedness.”
Gilvias then recounted all that had taken place. He left out no detail, be it minute or not. He spoke even of his escape from the Guardian at the Gate of Skull Palace. “The Guardian’s blow missed me, for I rolled out from under it at the last second, though the minion of evil believed me to have been slain. My friends too thought I had perished and continued on without me, and descended far into your ancient temple, which is now a dwelling of darkness.”
“Yes,” Mabaslu replied. “Long ago that place fell from the light and was conquered by evil hands. Dread Lords assaulted the palace, though we beheld them at first as friends. It was believed that the Falina could not be turned to such devices, but alas it was not so. They were crafty, and I was not present, for I was fighting on some distant frontier during the War of the Gods. Their swords they revealed as one, and they were no longer of many colors, but black like the foundations of their hearts.” 
“They killed all within the temple, and gained both the domain and the Pendants. I personally led the assault to retake what was mine. The Dread Lords we slew, along with the other foul creatures of Gorthar, which they had brought. But, the Pendants were no longer there, though with the haste of the holders of the Pendants retreat it was believed they were scattered to far corners of the Realm of Confusion. The bearers were believed to be slain on separate battlefields, but the carcasses went unspoiled, for none dared touch the flesh of the demented that were once Falina.”
“Thus, the Pendants were lost, and my original dwelling I abandoned, for it had been fouled by the enemy. Long have I sought the Three, and it was an Age ago that I recovered the Sapphire Pendant. The telling of the deed is long and dark, and I will not utter it here! But, recover it I did, though many of my dearest companions were sundered to the Void. I have worn it ever since, so that it could not become hidden again from my sight. But now I come to a dark decision that may rule the fate of the darkest day yet to come.”
Then was Mabaslu silent. Darkness seemed to cloud about him, and the water turned murky and seemed to boil. All in the chamber looked openly upon his indecision. Long moments passed before he raised his crowned head. 
“I proclaim now my Doom!” Mabaslu declared. “Be it for good, or if it shall turn to all of our ruin, my mind is set. One more quest lies before you, and it will be the last of your lives, even if you escape the clutches of death! The path before you is to the Lake of Nightfire and the black dungeons below!”
All were silent as Mabaslu weighed their reactions to his words. He saw that their faces had turned grim, but in weighing their hearts he saw that they were not dismayed. For he witnessed the strength of the steel of their will, and though the tidings he had announced were of ill making, he smiled. 
“I know without your words that you will do my bidding, for it is written upon you,” Mabaslu said. “I will tell you what must be done, but I cannot reveal the path that you will take. That path you four alone must decipher from out of the darkness.”
“What is our destiny, oh great Lord of the Seas?” Eliniza asked, moving forward to stand with Gilvias. 
“The Lake of Nightfire lies within the Sea of Monsters upon Corthan, the world from which you came. I will gift to you transportation and protectors that I will hand pick from my Muladeen. They will help you gain entrance to the dungeons below the surface, and may enter if they so choose,” Mabaslu said.
“Once you are within the Dungeons of Nightfire, you must search out the gate,” Mabaslu continued. “Past this gate no Muladeen may go, for it was decided long ago that none of the Immortal may pass back to that place.”
“What place, my lord?” Eliniza asked.
Mabaslu watched her intently, and Gilvias noticed he was not the only one. It seemed as all eyes were upon her. They judged her, the ranger noticed. He wondered what was meant by no Immortals not being able to pass. And, he wondered, how that would affect Eliniza, who had blood of the Falina in her veins.
“The gate will take you to the Lost City,” Mabaslu answered. 
“The Lost City?” Dogar asked, moving up with his ward. “And what place might that be?”
It was Eliniza that answered, not the Lord of the Deep. “Thera,” she whispered. 
Mabaslu nodded his great helmed head. “We believe the last Pendant rests hidden there within the ruins, but we have had no way to enter there. As I said, it is forbidden to us, and there is only one way to open the gate.”
“That is the second time you have said that no Immortal may enter,” said Gilvias. “What of one that contains the bloodline of the Ancient Falina? What may befall Eliniza if she walks through this gate to Thera?”
“There may be consequences,” Mabaslu said, but did not expand on his explanation. 
Eliniza’s head sunk and she nodded thoughtfully as her three companions looked to her. “Regardless of any consequences, I will walk this dark path,” Eliniza announced after many moments. “But, there is more to this that concerns you, Great Lord. There is something that worries you more than the safety of our party, or even that of your Muladeen, or failure itself.”
“You are perceptive, but failure is what I indeed fear. But, it is not failure that may cost your lives, though I do dread such an incident. Or that the Enemy may send servants to dodge your steps and going into the Lost City claim the Pendant as their own. Such an occasion still leaves us the option to muster our forces and make open war on the strongholds of our foes,” said Mabaslu.
“No, it is fear of losing what I must send into the darkness with you. For, to complete your quest and to open the gate to the realm of that which was lost in war long ago, I must send that which is most precious to me and my cause.”
“What are you saying?” asked Dogar bluntly, for it was not in his nature to deal with half-truths and riddles. 
“What I am saying master dwarf, is that you must be able to open the gate to Thera. To do so, you must have great power, which one may only do so by wielding the Pendant of Silver Ice and the Sapphire Pendant.”

The Voyage to the Firegate
Thus did the Lord of the Deep laden them with supplies for their voyage. And Wave Dancer became full with stock. Then leaving the Tower of Undersea Shadows, they came back to their own realm to the Temple of Sunken Echoes, but were escorted by the might of Mabaslu.
Three Muladeen warriors came with them, with Korestar as captain. But, Korestar put the judgment of the mission into the hands that carried forth the Pendants of his master. Upon the necks of Gilvias and Eliniza hung a Pendant of Power, but the talismans of the deep seemed invisible as they were worn. A spell had been cast upon them in hope of secrecy, and the Muladeen were hooded and cloaked to hide, though their size was not easily made deceivable.
The rays of the Towers of Twilight were asleep as they took to their ship. Clouds drifted heavily in the sky causing the sea to lack its gleaming nature. Only white foam at the mouth of the temple could be seen, and that only by Dogar very well with his dwarf vision. 
The wind seemed to whisper as they set off into the darkness. The movement of the sea was a mournful, slow tune. It played its chorus over and over, moving in rhythm to the rowing of the oars. As the temple mouth shrunk from view, Korestar began to hum and lowly sing.
The language was that of his people, far too structured for that of mortals that only lived a brief span of years. There was sorrow in the tongue, a sadness that made the wind bitter with a bite of chill. As he sang the two other Muladeen warriors joined in, singing complementing parts. Their song ended. The wind seemed to howl the louder in protest. 
“What was your song about?” Leaf asked, his face a mask of sorrow. 
“It was about the dance of the planets, as they were long ago. They had once caravanned slowly across the Forever Night Sea, before the ancient war resumed. Their movement was of cosmic beauty, but their song was dimmed and broken by the servants of Devindal. I had hoped to look upon the clear sky, but it was shaded, and reminded me of what was lost long ago,” Korestar finished.
“Lost, like how Thera was lost,” Eliniza replied quietly to herself. 
Korestar was silent. He let the wailing wind answer for him.
…
When the Tower of Sunrise awoke its flame upon the world at dawn, it was clear that the thick clouds of the night had dissipated. There were only a few clouds now, and those that remained burned with ruby morning fire. The blue water rolled slightly, but remained mostly smooth. They made their setting southwest, hoping to avoid the business of the ports of southern Ariwrath. 
They would try to hug outside the sightline of the northern coasts of Solizar, a land that saw relatively few ships. But, they knew they must stay away from view of the high places of the Mountains of White Shadow and the power that resided within. The eyes of Black Mountainside were always watching. The gaze looked out to the world and its reach was far and perceptive. 
If the Goddess of Undoing captured them, the cosmic balance would shift. The Muladeen, though strong, did not boast beyond their strength. They had no illusions that their strength would be enough to avail the Soulless Knight and his Mistress in their own realm. 
The morning moved on, growing into a day touched with warmth. Nothing could be seen in any direction besides the deep richness of blue flowing ripples. There was no noise, save the soft splashes of the oars and the faint call of the wind. No one said much over the long hours, content to let silence rule. 
Twilight came, and day faded into night. They took shifts of rowing and sleeping to ensure that the ship constantly continued in the desired direction. As the night began to settle upon the sea, Gilvias and Eliniza rowed as the rest of the crew slept. High above, the Ancient Stars of the Falina slowly started to emerge. They were bright blue jewels adorning the heavens. 
Morning came once again, bright and clear. Gilvias and Eliniza had passed the night together, letting the others rest. They had talked quietly in whispers, careful not to disturb the others. Their talk had touched upon many things, of things that have passed and things still yet to come. But, though their love had grown strong through their adventures together, Gilvias felt something from his Meldina that he had never felt before: distance.
Gilvias knew there was something bothering Eliniza. It simmered there in her heart, and the ranger felt he could almost see a sliver of smoke, rising from her. She kept this secret close, and Gilvias knew it troubled her deeply. He did not ask, nor did he pretend it was not there. She knew that her lover felt her troubles, but she knew he would wait till she was ready to talk of it.
As the light grew brighter on the eastern horizon, their shipmates awoke one by one. Though they were immortal, save physical wounds or poison, the Muladeen slept like the dead. Their waking caused them to grumble, making them not much different than the dwarf in the morning, or at any time during the day. Leaf awoke with his usual cheery self, with his first words asking what there was to eat. 
The beams of the Tower of Sunrise continued their ascent. They moved higher from the adjacent position of the sea to the cloud-capped crown above them. The clouds burned this morning with pinkish, purple fire as the light mingled with them. The landmass to the south became evident and now seemed distant. The Mountains of White Shadow were now faint and dull on the southeast horizon. They seemed small and powerless. All felt that their threat had passed. 
The journey became dull and glum as they moved away from Solizar. Now, there was nothing but the vastness of ocean as they moved into the Sea of Monsters. Leaf scoffed at the name of that ocean for several days, until on the third day ripples and dark shadows moved slowly, circling their ship. The beasts never showed themselves, nor attacked, but Leaf no more made little of the name.  
On the fourth day in the Sea of Monsters, Korestar and the Muladeen assumed complete control of the rowing and navigating. “We are close,” the Muladeen said. “I believe our course must now turn northward, then back west. We will try to come at the island and land away from the gate. The gate is situated on the southern part of the island,” he said, drawing a crude map with his thick finger on the hull of the ship. “If we make a direct assault, they will see us and overcome us.”

Assault on the Dungeons of Nightfire
Two more days then passed on their journey upon the Sea of Monsters. The wind blew north from the southern edges of the world, filling their sail. The air was hot and thick with wet stickiness. Korestar commented that the winds felt as if they were from the furnaces of the Isle of Death itself.
The vessel skipped the waves, moving northwest. Night fell, but the Stars of the Falina were veiled, though there had been no clouds throughout the day. Korestar and his companions now controlled every bit of the rigging and rowing. None found sleep easy, for the Lake of Nightfire was coming closer with each passing day. 
The light from the Tower of Sunrise rose from the depths of the Starlit Sea with murky haze. The beams seemed tainted with dark filth. And to the north a great dark billow of smoke rose from the now choppy sea. It was like a burning of a fleet of ships as they went painfully to their ruin. 
All stared with open horror at the smoke, where at its bottom was a thin line of red, like the color of blood. “That is the flame from the Lake of Nightfire,” Korestar quietly said. Only the darkening waves answered. 
The darkness of the pouring smoke seemed to know its bounds. Soon the waters they sailed turned black from ash and the sky overhead forsook Corthan’s beacons of light, the Towers of Twilight. All that remained was the faint blood-red glow from the flame that burned the unholy waters, from which the lake was named. Their ship was sailing to the gate of the fiery Underworld. 
Night fell a final time. They would reach the island under this unbidden shade, if morning decided to show her face at all. In the ship weapons were drawn and checked. The ship was sailing due west now to turn about and land on the slim eastern coastline. “There are battlements along the Coast of Black Ash, and they must be scaled,” Korestar started. “The Muladeen and I will scale the walls and dispatch any guards. You then will follow. The outer-stronghold should be relatively unprotected. No one has reason or is foolish enough to assault this stronghold, certainly with a force as small as ours. They will not be alerted.”
“You make this sound easy,” Dogar grumbled sarcastically. “The keep will fall to us by midday.” 
Korestar ignored the dwarf, but the other Muladeen openly glared at him. Gilvias shook his head, while Leaf giggled. Eliniza elbowed him hard in the ribs. 
“We are not here to conquer the keep,” Korestar said, moving on with his plan. “We are here to open the gateway to Thera. Now the battlements run along the Coast of Black Ash, but turn and descend down, emptying at the Firegate. There we must slay all resistance before we enter.”
The other Muladeen were turning Wave Dancer. Her white body seemed so visible and vulnerable in the repelling blackness that surrounded them. As the ship slipped closer and closer to the giant wall of the outer keep their concern grew, but no dart or missile bombarded them. Korestar was right; they did not expect assault and the guards were undisciplined at their posts. 
The ship slipped out of the water and scudded up onto the black ash beach of the enemy. The wall now was greatly imposing, reaching over a hundred feet in height. The beach to the wall was a very short distance, only about ten meters. One of the Muladeen reached into a bag and pulled out a bundle of equipment. It jingled slightly as he and the others moved forward off the ship.
The Muladeen with the bundle handed part of it to Korestar. The two began swinging hooks attached to many links of chain in rapid succession. Korestar gave a command and the hooks flew up into the blackness. There were a couple of clinking noises indicating the hooks had reached the inner-workings of the wall.
Korestar peered back at those that had accompanied him on this fool’s errand. “Wait here on the ship until we signal you. If we fall then you must escape. Do not let the pendants fall into the hands of the enemy! Cast them in the sea if there are no other options!” 
He turned and left, going to the chain ladder that now dangled from the height of the wall. The first of the warriors of the God of Waters reached the summit then slipped over, and soon the second followed. As the third was reaching the top there came the first sounds of battle. It was quick and decisive not leaving any doubt the outcome had been beneficial for their cause. 
Long minutes passed by with all of the Muladeen upon the battlements. Gilvias had an arrow notched and ready, while Leaf and Eliniza sat ready with the oars. Dogar was on the beach, his hammer still upon his back ready to give the shove to put the ship to water for their escape. 
Footsteps were audible from high above now. Gilvias raised his bow, drawing back and ready to let loose death. His action was not needed, at least not yet, for Korestar stuck his head over the wall motioning them with a waving hand. He was beckoning them to ascend. The coast was clear for now.
One by one, they climbed the chain ladder and came onto the battlement. It was wide and its walls were tall with enough height that the Muladeen could stand at their height without worry. None of the three Muladeen seemed to have sustained injury.
“How did it go?” Gilvias asked Korestar as he came off the ladder. 
“Resistance was light,” Korestar answered. His eyes moved rapidly back and forth, always on the lookouts for new dangers. “The guards up here were all goblins. Most were asleep at their posts or gambling with their comrades. They all died swiftly, gurgling on their black blood.”
“Is the passage to the dungeons clear then?” Eliniza asked, moving forward and checking the pieces of her armor.
Silence was the long answer. Korestar looked at the Muladeen then back to the others. It was not hard to tell that they were worried about something up ahead. And the four companions were smart enough to know if they were worried, then it was something bad indeed.
“The battlement is clear,” Korestar started. “As for the others, we do not have the time to clear them. But, it not of those that I am concerned,” his words trailed off as he looked to his brothers at arms. 
“We will move further down the line,” he started again. “We will come to where the walkway ends and descends with stairs to the bridge of the Lake of Nightfire. When we get there, I will show you what concerns us.”
Korestar motioned to the Muladeen and they rose as one and began moving across the walkway going south. Korestar motioned for the others to follow. Gilvias went first, followed by Eliniza, Leaf, and Dogar. Korestar made up the rear guard himself, glancing only once to the north to make sure they were not being followed.
It did not take long to get to where they were headed. The Muladeen stopped and crouched, with their four companions following their lead. Black stairs were only a few meters away, descending down at an angle that headed to the north and west. The Muladeen moved forward and motioned the four companions up to him. 
He motioned to peer through a hole in the northern wall, “an arrow slit,” Gilvias said as he moved to peer through it. 
“Yes,” Korestar replied. “It looks down upon the Firegate. They never expected enemies to take the walls and use these for their own benefit. This will help us in our mission.” Gilvias was the first to look through the opening for the defense position and what he saw caused him to gasp in horror and fear. 
What he saw was the black walls boxing in the blood-red molten liquid of the Lake of Nightfire. Black smoke rose in abundance from the sulfur surface and carried itself up into the darkness as if it were an offering of evil. Near the end of the stairs, which they sat near, started a thin bridge that stretched out into the precipice of hell leading to a small black island in the lava lake’s belly. On the island there was but one monument, a tall black tower in the shape of the head of a ravenous werewolf. 
The werewolf’s mouth was open with its fangs bared. Its eyes were smoldering fires from great vats that held the firewater from the lake. The face was etched with pristine horror, but the greatest horror stood before the open mouth, as if it had been spewed from it. Before the mouth of the werewolf stood a massive giant that seemed to be lit by flames itself. It held a massive double-edged battle-axe that was twice the height of Gilvias. By the behemoth’s side were two smaller figures in charcoal black armor.
Gilvias left the arrow-slit, shaken. The others, seeing the result of Gilvias’ viewing, quickly huddled together near the open slit, so that they might see. The fear that took Gilvias took the others as well.
“What you have seen is the Bridge of Gallarbru that crosses the Lake of Nightfire and leads to the Firegate and its guardian. The guardian is Augelmir, the fire giant forged long ago in the furnaces below by the Dark Smith. The two orcs with him are his runners to report any enemy crossings to the hordes that are stationed below,” Korestar said.
“Now,” Korestar started, “with us now in the shadow of horror I will tell you what to expect if we gain the Firegate. The Dungeons of Nightfire is the keep to the Wizard Navreg, the Reaper of Darkness. He is an emissary of Myr, Prince of Devindal. Though he keeps a bastion of goblins and other consorts of soldiers, he also deals with necromancy.”
“In his dungeons, he has constructed golems from the rotting parts of the dead. These beings answer directly to him. Avoid them at all cost! I have with me a map from one that dared these dungeons long ago. I hope it is still accurate. The arch for the portal to Thera is near the throne room. It is rumored that Navreg cannot open it. If we are caught by the wizard, then all will be lost!” Korestar finished.
“That’s great and all,” Dogar started to angrily grumble, “but how are supposed to defeat that beast that guards the gate?”
“That job will fall to the Muladeen and me,” Korestar said. “Gilvias, it will be your job to cover us with your bow. Take out the goblins first, that way they will not be able to report our actions. Then you must open fire upon Augelmir as we approach across the Bridge of Gallarbru.”
“What is Gilvias’ bow supposed to do to that?” Leaf asked, his visibly shaking form pointing towards the fire giant. 
“It will distract it,” Eliniza answered, “and maybe inflict some damage to it as well. I too have a bow. I will set up at another arrow-slit and let loose on the monster too.”
“What should the runt and I do?” asked Dogar.
“You two will cross over to the stairs of the opposite battlement,” Korestar said. “There will be goblins there. Slay them as they try to rally as reinforcements.”
“Won’t they shoot arrows at you guys as you cross the bridge?” Leaf asked.
“Most likely not,” Korestar answered. “The stupid creatures will probably not know what is going on until we are engaged in battle. They will not shoot because their aim will not be good enough. They will try to flank us by crossing the bridge behind us or to slay you as you provide covering fire.”
“Sounds like as good of a plan as any,” Gilvias said. “Let’s get on with it.”
The Muladeen began to move towards the edge of the stairs and descend down them. Korestar hesitated, and then turned back to Gilvias and Eliniza, “Wait for my signal,” he said. Korestar looked to Leaf and Dogar, “You two follow us down the stairs. When we make for the bridge, you will go to the other staircase and bring the fight to the enemy there.”
Korestar looked back at his archers once again, “Do not miss the goblins on the bridge or we fail before we begin,” he said, then he turned and went to his comrades. 
“Tevindal’s luck be with you,” Gilvias said to Leaf and Dogar as they made to follow Korestar. 
Leaf hugged Gilvias and Dogar patted the ranger on the back, “We’ll be fine. Make sure no harm befalls Eliniza,” the dwarf said. With that, they were gone.
Both Gilvias and Eliniza began pulling off their quivers from their backs, letting their arrows be in easy reach. Each notched an arrow and pulled back their drawstrings. “I’ll take the goblin on the right, you take the one on the left,” Gilvias said. “May our aim be true!”
“What do you think this signal is going to be?” Eliniza asked, without taking her eyes off her target. 
“We’ll find out soon enough,” Gilvias replied with a curt smile. 
As if in answer, a roar went up below them. The three Muladeen warriors had charged onto the Bridge of Gallarbru and were making their way across the Lake of Nightfire.
“That would be our signal,” Gilvias said. “Let loose!”
Two arrows streaked across the hazing blackness that rose from the molten lake. On the small island that housed the Firegate, two goblins in black armor moved to enter the gate to rally reinforcements against the Immortal Warriors that charged to invade. The goblins never made it two feet from where they originally stood. One fell with an arrow protruding through its neck, with black blood bubbling on its lips as it died. The other fell instantly with a plumed arrow perched in its left eye.
The fire giant, Augelmir stood to its full height and roared in protest to the slaying of its companions and in challenge of those that now crossed the bridge. Its roar altered and became that of fury as it was now pummeled by a rapid succession of hissing arrows from the two archers hidden upon the east wall. It moved its great battle-axe about as if to swat away the arrows, like the way one would swat at flies. Augelmir’s anger grew and he erupted in bright red flame as he entered his battle-fury. 
The Muladeen were moving steadily across the bridge, with Korestar taking up the rear. The bridge swayed and shook under their collective weight. They could move only at a light trot, the heat below rose up and caused much discomfort to them. It was the antithesis of their realm, this domain of hell. Their ice javelins dripped and hissed in the heat, which added to the chorus of the bubbling lava below and the whispering flickering of arrows above.
Dogar and Leaf made for the opposite stairs as soon as the Muladeen charged for the bridge. They ascended the flight quickly, and positioned themselves around a curving bend that would leave them unseen to approaching goblin eyes. Thorn-Biter was drawn and the Hammer of Stonecrusher held high. “No mercy when they come,” Dogar growled in his battle rage. Leaf gulped and nodded.
The first black armored goblin came around the bend in a light run. Dogar stood and struck, his massive battle-hammer striking the goblin’s helm. The helmet caved in, smashing in on itself, and it emitted a pressurized stream of black gore that splashed upon the stone of the wall. The goblin fell at Dogar’s feet, dead before it knew what had taken place.
 Leaf struck the second goblin. Thorn-Biter swung out in a controlled flat arc, cutting under the plate of the monster’s armor at the stomach. Slick stringy cords slipped out of the Goblin’s belly. It shrieked in unfathomable pain as it clutched at its insides. It fell, its legs kicking and flailing in its death throes. 
There was no time to put the thing out of its misery. More goblins were upon them, and they were no longer taken by surprise. Five goblins remained, all of them pushing forward trying to get at the enemy that had killed their brothers in arms. 
The battlements were too narrow for them all to fit through the gap. They collided with each other, bottlenecking themselves with not enough room to freely swing their red-tipped black swords they wielded. Dogar saw the tipped blades and yelled to Leaf, “Be on your guard! Those blades are poisoned tipped, one scratch will kill you!” Leaf muttered something and moved forward to strike at the nearest goblin.
…
The Muladeen were almost across the bridge now. They moved slower than both Eliniza and Gilvias had expected. “I am running out of arrows,” Gilvias cried over to Eliniza. She quickly fired two more arrows and yelled back, “I’m out!”
Gilvias spared a moment to glance at his love. She was looking at him with a look of helpless determination. Gilvias looked down to his quiver, only five arrows remained. He took two and tossed them to her. “Aim for its eyes!” he yelled. He then emptied his quiver.
Augelmir was roaring uncontrollably now. The fire that surrounded him was dark, like a consuming blanket. A few more arrows flickered overhead striking at the fire giant’s face. The beast lifted its arms to ward them off as the Muladeen came upon the platform. The hiss from the arrows ceased. 
“Spread out!” Korestar bellowed. The Muladeen fanned out, making a three-pronged attack formation to encircle the monster and put its back against the Firegate. Ice-javelins were held before them, like icy needles ready to douse the flames of hell. The fire giant swept his massive axe in great arcs at the invading Muladeen.
Augelmir made an outraged gesture on his rocky shaped face. He uttered words of the ancient tongue of Devindal, casting forth spells of doom on his godly opponents. The words were dark and foul and hung like heat of a fog over them. 
Korestar bellowed forth his lordly voice and came forward. He spoke in the tongue of the Realm of the Crystal Blue. Augelmir was stayed, as were the other two Muladeen. Augelmir and Korestar bent their wills at each other. Each had doom upon their lips. 
Then did the fire giant fall back and roar in outraged fury and pain. His spell and curse had been broken and it seemed that the air exploded all around them. Curses and spells would do no more here. And the battle at the Firegate soon became engaged.
…
“What’s happening now?” asked Dogar as he and Leaf rounded the corner on the east battlement. Both Eliniza and Gilvias had been caught unaware. They were enraptured by the battle that was being displayed before them. 
Gilvias had jerked back and fallen on his backside, trying to draw forth Coldyne at the words of the dwarf. He saw that it was only his friends and released his grasp drawing in a breath of relief. 
“The west battlement is clear then?” Gilvias responded, answering the dwarf’s question with a question. 
“Seven stupid dead goblins,” Dogar said. “And almost a dead tree nymph, but he managed to weasel out alive once again,” Dogar said with a snort. Leaf looked at his friend in protest. Gilvias nodded at the first statement, and was too worried about the fight that was raging to worry about the second one.
“You better take a look,” the ranger said to the dwarf. Gilvias motioned Dogar forward and the dwarf crouched in front of the arrow slit. Dogar gasped at what he saw. 
The three Muladeen were striking with their ice-javelins, and then retreating. Augelmir swung his massive axe wildly in his anger. The fire giant hissed and sizzled where the ice-javelins struck him. The weapons of the Muladeen dripped water from the immense heat from the Lake of Nightfire and from the injuries inflicted onto the guardian of the gate. Mist arose all around the four combatants as they danced their deadly fight.
More wounds the ice-javelins caused. Augelmir was their pinprick. But, alas! The fire giant was mighty indeed. With a great swing of its double-bladed axe, Augelmir swept a head off one of the attacking Muladeen. 
Eliniza cried out in horrible despair. Dogar tugged his beard hard. Gilvias, looking over Dogar’s head, grabbed the dwarf’s shoulders in his misery. Leaf, looking through Eliniza’s arrow slit, wept openly.
…
Korestar stood now with his one companion as he watched the blood flow from his friend’s mortal wound. The decapitated head had rolled into the oblivion of the fire-lake. The other Muladeen roared in fury and defiance, his mane sticking up on end. He rushed forward and grabbed the ice-javelin of his fallen comrade and heaved it at the grinning giant.
The giant gasped its pain like thunder. The ice-javelin sunk deep into its body and there was a flare of white frost. The Muladeen wasted no time in attacking, and heeded not Korestar’s call against rash haste. The Muladeen came forth and forcibly rammed his own ice-javelin deep in the fire giant’s middle near the other ice-javelin he had cast. 
The weapon from the Realm of the Crystal Blue sank deep into the foe’s horrid flesh releasing a foul stench. And though Augelmir was deeply wounded, he had not yet been defeated. He struck hard with the aft of his axe, beating the Muladeen down to its knees. Then the fire giant struck again and brought the hot blade deep into the Muladeen’s chest. The Muladeen let out one more defiant snarl, then lost his grasp on life and slipped away to the Void. 
Korestar stood alone now against the flame of darkness. The deepening doom seemed about him with the vital mission he was a part of was close to slipping away. Korestar faced his foe and in the gloom of hell he called upon Tevindal. And through the ash of darkness a beam of light pierced through dark cloud and sulfur’s ash. 
The light hindered the great guardian of the Dungeons of Nightfire, for he had only known darkness. Then through the plain of darkness, Korestar’s prayer was aided for Eliniza had rushed to the far side of the Bridge of Gallarbru. She spoke in the tongue of her ancestors, and the beauty of it made her staff glow with pure light and it shown forth across the fiery gap and stung the eyes of Augelmir. 
Then was the wounded fire giant momentarily blind. And coming forth with the all his power, Korestar put his weapon through the gaping maw of his enemy and smote him. Augelmir’s eyes flared once and then dimmed. Releasing his ice-javelin from the corpse, it fell, and the fires that burned from its flesh were put out.
Korestar then sank to his knees in weariness. He looked to his murdered friends and in his pride kept back the tears that burned his eyes. He would not weep for them now, here at the edge of the bleak blackness. 
The four wayfarers came now to Korestar from across the bridge. They stood with steel bared in their hands, but their eyes showed them as imposters to the cause of battle. The bodies of the dead were strewn about before the werewolf shaped gate. Eliniza came forth and put her arms around the mighty Muladeen. He held her in response.
The powerful servant of Mabaslu broke off the embrace and turning to the others asked for their help in seeing to his friends. No proper burial would be given to the fallen Muladeen. Only quick words were said, with the promise that their deaths would not be in vain. Then the dead heroes were slowly lowered into the Lake of Nightfire.
…
Eyes now turned to the unguarded gate. The eyes of the werewolf’s head burned with malice. Steam was exhaled from the snarling beast’s nostrils. And small amounts of burning lava dripped from the volcanic stream into collection vats below.
“We have but one path before us now,” Korestar started. “We go now into the inner belly of Gorthar’s halls. Remember, we must do what we can to stay away from the golems and their wizard. We will be no match for them now,” Korestar said grimly.
He turned, and hefting his retrieved ice-javelin he entered the Firegate and was swallowed from sight by darkness. The other four followed and entered a world they had not yet known. The stair that descended downward into the hot heart of the dungeons of the Wizard Navreg was made of molten rock. The stench became thicker as they descended. 
The descent down did not take long and the five companions soon found themselves in a hollowed out round hall. The hall seemed more a tunnel, as if it had been carved out by the lake’s unholy liquid. There were noises of dripping water or lava in the distance. The echoing dripping sound found its chorus with cries of pain and agony that drifted to them from somewhere in the maze of the underworld.
“There are many prison cells here in this dark place,” Korestar said. “Many innocent beings have been brought here over the centuries and tortured for either information or for the pleasure of the guards. Navreg has spells to sustain these poor souls so that their torment may be great. Though it pains me, and friends of old I may find down here, we cannot aid them,” Korestar finished with sadness in his voice. 
Silence answered him. His four companions knew they had a difficult enough task ahead of them. Assaulting the torture dens of the enemy would result in their ruin. They moved onward.
Korestar withdrew an ancient piece of parchment and unfolded it. Holding up the party he quickly studied it and looked at their surroundings, which included several tunnels before them that led in several different directions.
He moved them several feet forward and peered down one of the tunnels. Seeming somewhat content he moved them forward again and peered down another one of the halls that led off to deeper regions of the dark labyrinth. He looked back to the others and waved them onward once again. Korestar refolded his map and it disappeared into one of his pouches at his waist.
“I have an old map of these dungeons,” he whispered to the others. “It seems that so far all seems the same. It does not mean things will not change. We will continue on this path and in a little ways the tunnel should reach another stair. We will descend further there.”
“Then let us be on with it,” mumbled Dogar nervously.
No one disagreed. They moved onward, creeping slowly. Each passage they crossed they peered down to make sure no enemy watched their movement. So far it seemed that the dungeon’s inhabitants were too busy torturing prisoners to be doing anything else. 
They soon reached the stair and descended further into the depths of the Dungeons of Nightfire. The rocky stairs were black and glasslike, looking slick but providing traction. The movement down the stairs was slow. Passages would lead off to other levels of the dungeons and the party had to make sure they would not be seen as they continued downward. 
They had passed five landings when Korestar held them up again and withdrew his folded map. Quickly glancing over it he put it away and waved them on to continue the descent into hell. They passed two more landings and finally he gave the party the indication that they would depart the stairs on the next landing. They moved down and it seemed a long time before they reached the next level of the ancient stronghold. 
The stench now became unbearable. Dogar coughed and put his nose in his hand, while Leaf covered his face. Eliniza made gasping noises while Gilvias almost vomited. Korestar remained focused, but it was clear that the stench affected him as well.
“Have we come to a rotting bog?” asked the dwarf full of grumpiness.
“Close enough,” responded Korestar. “We are close to the gate now, but this corridor is protected by the golems of the Wizard Navreg. They are flesh golems pieced together by the bodies of foul beasts that lurk the underworld and the poor innocents from the prisons above. The monsters are corrupted to the will of the wizard; they will do his every bidding. Every now and then the golems must be ‘adjusted’ for flesh decays and parts fall off. That is what you smell, death and decay. It is rotting flesh.”
Gilvias was overcome by nausea of the smell and explanation, and vomited onto the stair. Eliniza gave him a look of pity as he wiped his mouth. “Should I clean that up?” asked Gilvias to the Muladeen.
Korestar shook his head, “orcs and goblins cannot stand this stench either. Trust me; they’ll think nothing of it. Let’s go!”
They moved down the corridor rapidly, halting only to peer into off-shooting chambers. They saw several hulking flesh golems, the flesh of the beasts dripping and oozing. Some of the creatures dripped puss and blood. The stench was unbearable. 
Though the flesh golems were massive and known for their strength, they were not known for their brains. They were mindless drones that did only the bidding of the master that had cast spells over them. They fought well in battle because inflicted injuries caused them no pain. They would keep going until they were smashed to bits.
All these tendencies allowed the invading party to slip pass the flesh golems unnoticed. They made their way to the end of the long hallowed out tunnel to an ancient chamber that seemed long forgotten. Korestar peered one last time down the way they had come and then looked to others. They had made it.
The chamber was black as night and had a tall ceiling covered in wicked looking stalagmites. Ash covered the ground in thick layers; it was of blacks and grays and smelled of the earth. The smell of the golems was not as bad here. They had moved away from their domains and the stench of death had receded.
Tucked tight into the back of the chamber was a round frame of ash covered metal. Whatever the make of the metal was impossible to tell by only looking. It had been in this desolate place for millennia. There was a short set of stairs leading up to the perceived opening of the frame. All eyes were fixated on this part of the chamber.
“There it is,” said Korestar. He moved closer to the portal to study it. “Gilvias, Eliniza, come closer,” the Muladeen said, beckoning them onward with a wave of his hand. 
The two adventuring lovers came forward. As they moved closer to the portal, the hidden pendants around their necks revealed themselves. The pendants began to glow with a low brilliant light, which grew as they moved closer to the ancient portal of the destroyed world of Thera. 
They came to stand before the frame. As they did, the lights around their necks intensified until there was a magnificent flash that struck them all blind for a matter of moments. When the light had faded, and when the party had regained their vision, they could see that the portal had activated. 
The frame had had its center filled with what was now a milky bluish light. The light pulsated and moved downward like a wave. It was a continual flowing process that was both mesmerizing and beautiful. None could contain their amazement and awe. 
“I can see through,” said Leaf. “I see the other side. There are islands and there’s still grass there. The world has been torn apart, but you can see that some of the buildings are still intact.”
Dogar moved forward to the wood nymph’s side, “He’s right. There are domed structures there that no dwarf today could ever construct,” he said, awed. 
Korestar knew that there was much wonderment to behold. He too was close to falling victim of his own nostalgia of seeing the crown jewel of the ancient Realms once again. He took his eyes away, though. He knew he could never look there again.
“We cannot delay,” Korestar said, interrupting them and bringing them back the peril that surrounded them. “You must go through the portal. I do not know how it will affect you,” Korestar said looking at Eliniza. “But, there is more at risk than our own lives. If we fail, then Rantarok will be unbalanced.”
“I understand,” Eliniza said sternly. She had already accepted that her fate might prove in the passing between worlds. 
Korestar then turned his gaze to Gilvias. The ranger nodded. Though he loved the Half-Falina, he would not let feelings jeopardize the outcome of the vital mission.
“Good,” Korestar said. “When you go through, the portal will shut. You must then search out the final pendant. I do not know where it will be or how long you will have to search. There is another portal located in the destruction of Thera. When you have all three pendants, you must use their power to open the gateway back to Mabaslu’s kingdom.”
“What about you?’ asked Gilvias.
“I cannot enter. So I will try to make my way back to the ship and escape the Dungeons of Nightfire that way. We must move quickly now, time is of the essence. I do not know when there will be a changing of the guards at the surface. When there is, then our entry into the dungeons will be made known.”
His words seemed to bring forth ill favor. As the Muladeen finished speaking, a great ear piercing howl was let loose throughout all of the dungeons that rested below the Lake of Nightfire. The howl was of a wolf, for it had stemmed from the great wolf’s maw of the gate.
“We are discovered!” Korestar said violently. “Now you must go!”
“But how are you to escape?” Eliniza asked in pleading desperation.
“There is no escape for me now,” Korestar responded. “I knew this might be the case when I came with you across the sea. My mission is changed now. I go now to seek the Wizard Navreg to make sure the bastard does not live to see Rantarok. Go!” 
With that Korestar turned, and hefting up his ice-javelin he left the chamber and returned to the hall beyond. Gilvias grabbed Eliniza’s shoulder and brought her attention back on the wavering portal. Leaf shook visibly from the howling of the wolf, while Dogar wrapped a comforting arm about the wood nymph. 
Gilvias turned to the huddled dwarf and wood nymph, “You heard him. Go!” the ranger growled. He moved forward and shoved them. “You two have to go first while we hold open the gate.”
There was noise now that blended in with the sounding alarm. The sounds were close and were of battle. 
“We have no time!” Gilvias yelled. The ranger could smell the stench of flesh golems. The beasts were heading towards the chamber. The others quickly recognized the smell as well, and Dogar, still clutching Leaf, dragged him into the portal. Gilvias reached over and grabbed his Meldina’s hand as he turned and quickly glanced behind him.
A flesh golem had entered the chamber. Its smell was almost paralyzing. Its body seemed made up of a half dozen different creatures, with its head looking like a massive rotting fish. Gilvias turned back to the portal and tugged Eliniza forward. They moved through with a tingling sensation. The portal closed behind them as decayed hands grasped where they had stood only a moment before. 
…
Korestar left the portal chamber at a dead sprint. He knew his death was not far away now. His eyes stung from tears. Not tears at his own inescapable demise, but from fallen pride that he would not be able to stand on the Cosmic Fields of Rantarok and do battle. As a Muladeen and celestial servant of a God, he could not gain passage to the Tower of the Dead and rise again with the heroes of the Realms of Confusion. 
This would be his final moment of glory. He would make sure that before the life left his physical form that his ice-javelin would be stabbed through the wizard of this dreadful place. Doing so would gain him renown as a hero as long as the Realm of the Crystal Blue stood. 
He knew, though, that he would not meet the wizard unopposed. To gain access to the wizard’s inner lair, he would have to go through a chamber on this level of the dungeon and descend a stair that led into the great bowels of Corthan. This chamber was where the flesh golems stood guard. 
As he ran down the tunnel he saw the flesh golems emerging from the chamber. The cry of the wolf had set them into motion and they were on the lookout now for beings that did not belong in this fortress of Devindal. Two of the mindless creatures turned and watched his approach. They roared their defiance with sickening voices as Korestar brandished his mighty weapon. 
The first of the two creatures that attacked him was ripped in half by the fury of his attack. A grievous wound inflicted Korestar across his right shoulder. But, the Muladeen was not hindered or slowed. He slew both of the flesh golems and continued onward fighting his way into the chamber. 
The chamber of the flesh golems was not as full as he had previously counted. There had been nearly ten of the things when the party had passed by on their way to the portal chamber. But now Korestar only counted three. He had just slain two of the monsters, so five of them had wandered to others parts of the level before he had made his way here. Korestar hoped they had not gone to the stairwell that was located near the center of the chamber. 
The Muladeen quickly decided it did not matter where the other flesh golems had gone. He would have to fight any enemy, which came his way. A spell of ruin was on his lips as he moved to make his way to the stair, but he stayed his craft, knowing he would need all of his mental powers when he met the wizard. 
His ice-javelin he flung forward with a mighty heave and it pierced the breast of the first of the grotesque beasts that lumbered his way. He moved fast, much faster that the rotting lumps of flesh could move and tore his spear free. The violence of the motion of retrieving his ice-javelin tore the chest out of the flesh golem. It still came forward though, and in a sweeping motion Korestar moved down and used his weapon to trip his foe. 
The flesh golem went down, and the bones in its distorted legs gave way and broke. Rendering the creature with the inability to regain an attack position. Korestar forgot about the disabled monster and quickly assaulted the other two creatures. They roared as he came forth. It sounded a mix of a snake hissing and a human vomiting. He dispatched them quickly, and then took to the stairs.
Korestar moved down the stairs without caution. He passed several levels and many times came face to face with surprised and bewildered goblins and orcs. He slew them without mercy or misgiving. The Muladeen was truly frightening in his battle-rage. He was covered with the gore of his slain enemies and his lion eyes blazed with fury.
The stairs led down a thousand steps followed by another thousand. Blood pumped feverishly through his veins as he went continually ever downward into the pit of the abyss. He knew the wizard would be in his hole, and though the whole dungeon of the fiery hell was lit with commotion of slaying the intruders, the wizard in his arrogance would believe in his own safety. 
Korestar came then to the final stair and stepped off into the greatest depths of hell. Ten thousand steps he had descended, like coming down from the tallest peak to find the world in dark chaos. He slowed himself now and finally moved with caution. 
Here was the lair of the Lord of Nightfire. Torturous scenes had been inscribed upon the walls, describing a brutal history of unbelievable wickedness. There were images and monuments to give honor to the wizard’s brethren and mentor, the demon wizard, Scourge.  Scourge’s emissary visage was not seen here, but his true form as a servant of Myr and Devindal. 
Korestar ceased to look at the images. But, moved slowly and purposely down a long corridor that led to a throne room beyond. The passage ended, revealing a large chamber that was draped in luxury. This was the first thing to take Korestar off guard. He did not expect to find elegance in hell. 
“I have been expecting you,” a cruel voice slithered. The speaker was unseen, hidden by the extravagance that littered the chamber. “Do not act surprised. Do you think that I do not keep wards on my personal chamber?” the voice mocked. 
“Show yourself wizard,” Korestar growled as the Muladeen’s eyes shifted back and forth, looking for the slightest movement.
“Why should I?” the slithering voice purred. “So that you may have the advantage? You slow witted brute,” Navreg said. The wizard’s voice changed from a mocking tone to that of furious anger. 
“You have invaded my domain and killed my creations. Do you think that you will be forgiven for that? Know this before I destroy you, that I will make you my ultimate prize. Yes, you shall be my crowning achievement and the flesh golem I make from your parts will stand mightily by my side at Rantarok. Oh, what carnage you will supply.” 
In Korestar’s anger he did not immediately notice a rippling of cloth that was to his far left. Emerging from the tapestry was the wizard in his wrath. From his outstretched hands came a large blast of flame. It collected into a large fiery ball and shot forth aiming to destroy the Muladeen unaware.
Korestar saw the large blast of light and heat from the corner of his eye. He turned and faced the wizard’s onslaught, falling back only just in time. As he moved backwards he brought up his left hand as he held his ice-javelin in his right to steady himself. A cold blast of mist shot forth from his fingertips connecting with the roaring ball of flame.
The fireball hissed and crystallized, forming into a massive ball of ice. The fire had been neutralized, but the momentum of the frozen projectile continued forth and smashed into Korestar, flinging him from his feet. His ice-javelin bounced, and clattered away from him. 
Navreg the Reaper hissed and came forward revealing himself. Korestar turned his head, trying to watch his foe while making his way to his fallen weapon. He saw that the wizard was draped in a long heavy black cloak. It swayed with unseen or unfelt wind, and its movement revealed parts of the wizard’s arms, legs, and face. White bones showed with fragments of scattered flesh, he was seemingly an undead creature that took the flesh of those he killed to cover his eternally hostile frame. 
Navreg carried with him a tall scythe, the wooden handle being nearly his own height. The wood looked old like crumbling dust, but the blade was sharp and gleamed with red fire. The tip was black and splotched and dripped a slow moving oozy substance. Korestar knew at once that the blade was poisoned. 
Korestar was scrambling to his feet, but Navreg was already whispering words to an incantation. Outstretching his right arm, the wizard screeched laughter, like bone being sawed. Greenish white bolts streamed from the wizard’s bony figures. The force of the oncoming attack was powerful and electric. 
Korestar had gained his feet, but still stood without his primary weapon. The Muladeen traced a rune of power before him and a shield like glass appeared before his body. The green lightning fire struck the protective shield causing it to bend and distort. Korestar knew the shield would not hold for long, so he retreated quickly and grasped up his ice-javelin. 
The shield charm could hold no longer. The spell of the Reaper was too powerful and the bending shield shattered into a thousand small fragments, then they dissipated. The wizard stood watching the Muladeen, his red eyes gleamed as his loosely flesh covered mouth smiled. Worms and insects fell from the creature’s mouth as it smiled, and the sounds of the slithering things were the beginnings of another spell. 
Auras of light gleamed and grew in three sections of the floor of the chamber. They intensified and pulsed light of the same coloring as the lightning. The halos of light transformed and gave birth to monstrosities that now stood between Korestar and the Lord of Nightfire. Standing before the Muladeen were three insectoid creatures.
Their shapes were that of a roach, a centipede, and a red ant. They moved forward as soon as they became completely materialized. Their antennae wavered and clicked, and the pincers within their deadly maws chattered hideous dark words in the tongue of Devindal. 
Korestar crouched in a battle stance. He was appalled by such cruel devilry. The Wizard Navreg knew his horror to his forced abomination and laughed cruelly. All the while the insectoid creatures came on. 
Korestar became a whirl of motion. His ice-javelin struck and parried as the creatures moved forward to remove the holy fighter’s flesh from his bones. Korestar dispatched the red ant first by freezing it from a stab of his mighty forged weapon and kicked it down, stomping on its head to shatter it. The other two followed in nearly similar fashion.
Once again the Reaper and the Muladeen faced one another. Korestar dripped blood now, for the insectoid creatures, though destroyed quickly, had torn bits of flesh from the mighty warrior. Navreg cast an envious glance to the floor where the chunks of bleeding flesh were located. In his black heart he desired to add that powerful flesh to his ever corrupted and perishing frame.
“You will never see Rantarok,” Korestar said confidently as the two faced each other. “Though I may perish, and the lands of Nightfire go unconquered, you at least will not lead them to that final conflict of the Gods.”
Navreg roared in clattering maniacal laughter. “You fool,” he hissed. “Do you not see your own demise? You are no match for me here in the world of darkness. All will be consumed, the ruby walls and the golden tree shall wither and break and the dark tide shall sink all places as the stars of the Falina dim.” 
Korestar laughed in the face of his own doom. “Do you think I came to this dark place alone? Others have come with me, mortals, who now look to restore the balance that my Lord lost long ago.”
The triumph in the Reaper’s eyes dimmed and was replaced by a glimmer of fear and doubt. “You lie!” the wizard hissed.
“Do I?” retorted Korestar. “Do you think I came to this unseemly darkness to waste my life to only extinguish your unholy fire? Yes, I shall fall this day. But, you will come to the eternal darkness with me, wizard!”
Korestar lowered his ice-javelin and came forward with speed uncalculated by the wizard. Navreg lowered his scythe to block the frozen spear of his enemy and moved one hand away to cast a spell, but he was too late. Even as green lightning fire danced from the wizard’s fingertips searing into the charging Muladeen, the ice-javelin found its mark and was buried deep into the wizard’s black rotted heart. 
There were mingled cries of pain and fury, and triumph and defeat. Both uttered their death cries. Navreg, as the bitter cold leaked forth into all regions of his body. And Korestar, as green and red flame melted his flesh from his mighty frame. Korestar’s melting eyes glared into the dimming fiery orbs of the wizard that were slowly being covered with frost.
“Both sides will look for our coming, but neither shall see us amongst the ranks. My brothers will see my absence as a mark of honor and pride. Your cruel servants will see your absence as a reason to fear. And my Lord Mabaslu shall wear the Three Pendants and will vanquish his oldest foe!”
With the words out of his mouth, Korestar gave one final twist of his weapon, breaking it off into the fading wizard. Then he let go of his burning body and offered up his spirit and was honored by the deeds of his life. The wizard too, fell to the eternal gloom, but no comfort was there for him alone in the true and utter darkness. Then both bodies fell lifeless to the chamber floor as they entered the Void together.
…
Gilvias and Eliniza came through the portal and landed on top of Dogar and Leaf. The four companions lay there, piled on top of one another for many moments before they worked to untangle themselves. There were all in pain from the journey that they had just encountered. Though they were not seriously wounded, all of the voyagers across the deep realm of space were sore and stiff from the movement. 
Eliniza was the first to get untangled from the others. She crawled a few feet away and then sat heavily on the ground. Her eye sockets ached painfully and she rubbed her temples, not willing yet to try and open her eyes. Her thoughts swam around the journey she had just taken, amazed by its suddenness and strange sites.
She remembered going through the portal. It felt like an icy wave crashing upon her and her skin prickled and felt electrified at the touch of it. Then she had been jolted and as she moved forth with a blazing speed, in which she was shaken and cast about like one on a broken plank in the ocean. 
Then all had slowed and the movement seemed to recede. She was alone then, though somehow she knew she still clutched Gilvias’ hand. But, what was revealed to her vision was awe-inspiring, and to her better judgment, impossible.
She looked out to the cosmos in all of its glory. There she had seen how things had been so many ages ago. She saw the planets lined up and the suns that cast light upon all the heavenly bodies. She saw nebulas being combed by the stellar threads of the Gods as they built new wonderments to their glorious achievements. 
Looking past these things she saw all the great pillars that held together the Realms that were, before the Darkness came. Then she witnessed great explosions, and heroic and terrible deeds. She watched the War of the Gods unfold. She watched the transformation of the universe, as it became the Realms of Confusion. 
Spiraling lights brought the great vision out of focus. The lights twirled and came together and formed what seemed a tunnel of rainbow colors. She was sent down that tunnel as all that passed seemed only to flicker, and then disappear. The tunnel ended and she was jettisoned into calm black space.
She looked around in the darkness. Distant stars gleamed like blue diamonds across the stretch of the Void. Her viewpoint began to turn as if she was slowly being rotated. Then she looked upon a planet slowly dancing its cosmic cycle on its axis. It was half-bathed in its star system’s light. The rising light showed the world’s brilliant colors of brown, green, and blue.
Eliniza was struck and felt the breath leave her body. Never had she seen anything so pristinely wondrous in its beauty. She felt humbled, and her mind fled and melted away. She became at peace within herself. The name of the world echoed in her mind.
Then, peaceful bliss had been torn away. It was like the murder of one’s soul as it rested in paradise, only to be ripped and brought down screaming into the Abyss. The world of peace and innocence before her exploded and the fragments were either obliterated or flung into hidden recesses of the Forever Night Sea. 
Eliniza had screamed in soundless horror. Her voice swallowed down by the roar of the destroyed world and by the magnitude of her sorrow. Tears became her face and her touch on life dimmed as she felt that she too had been destroyed. Consciousness resumed and she was amid a tangled heap of her friends and companions. 
These thoughts all flooded back to her. But, she would not weep. What she had seen had transpired many ages ago. Her duty now was stronger within her than her sorrow. 
Her head still throbbed, but she risked looking up now. Taking her head out of her hands, she gazed upon her surroundings. She gasped, bringing the others back to their senses. What she witnessed filled her with both sadness and wonderment.
“By Tevindal’s Light,” Gilvias whispered to himself as he sat up and looked about. 
“By the beard on my chin, I have never seen the likes of this,” echoed Dogar. 
Leaf said nothing, for he was still trying to regain his breath from having three people, all which were larger than he, on top of him. Still, the wood nymph’s head swiveled back and forth. His eyes were wide open and staring.
All about the companions was the vastness of the Forever Night Sea. But, its darkness was complimented by glowing light. Dim stars lit the ancient voids, while the crests of sprawling nebulas gave the fragmented world a hew of golden-red. A spiral of a galaxy of stars showed a white light, while in the depths of darkness swirled a gaping black hole, the trappings of its hunger swinging down into its might.
Thera that was, with its remnants were littered all about them. Small islands were broken away from each other at varying heights. The bottoms of the islands were clotted amounts of stone and dirt. Roots hung down from the long dead trees, which maybe once carried the raiment of a thousand colors of leaves.  
The islands were few. Maybe all that remained could be gathered to form a small city that once graced the ancient world. Citadels and domed structures remained in ruins or in some case intact on many of the islands. Most importantly, the islands still seemed inter-connected, as if the world refused to let go of its once high esteemed glory. 
A gleaming web of blue light connected the small floating islands. It was the fabric of the essence of the world still clutching as a retainer of long gone semblance. This would allow the party to move from one island to another, Eliniza knew. But she wondered if what was left of Thera was this small, then why had scavengers not yet found the last pendant?
In her thoughts she quickly answered her own question. The pendant must have been carefully hidden. Maybe the presence of the other two pendants would reveal its hiding place. These thoughts soothed her until when she tried to stand.
As the Half-Falina stood, with her immortal blood flowing through her veins, she felt as if a thousand knives had pierced her. She fell, and became rooted to the spot from which she had crawled upon. The pain slowly began to pass, and she attempted to stand again. This time she was successful. There was pain, but it was not as extreme as before.
Gilvias was at her side now, holding her. She noticed the others were up and concern painted their faces. 
“Are you well, Meldina?” Gilvias whispered into her ear. His face was a mask of pain and foreboding. 
Eliniza nodded and took a moment to collect her thoughts. She let her mind trace through her inner being. Using her Falina instincts she found the source of her pain.
“My blood has been poisoned by the passage here,” she said to the vastness. “I was gifted the sight of things long since passed from time and space. It has changed me, and damaged me.” 
“Saw things?” Gilvias asked. He looked back to the others. They shook their heads, indicating that they had seen nothing from the voyage in the portal from the Dungeons of Nightfire to the last floating remnants of a destroyed Thera. 
“Yes,” she whispered. “Things that were, things I shall never speak about.” 
Gilvias glanced back again to the others. They were on their feet now, and composed. Turning his attention back to the woman he loved, he studied her. Her legs looked wobbly, but they did not appear that they would give. 
He looked at her hands and, slightly, he could tell they trembled. His gaze made it up to her face. It was stern and her eyes looked out into the wreckage of the world with purpose and determination. Whatever ailments she suffered from internally, she would not let it affect the course of her mission.
“Gather your things,” Gilvias said to the group. “I do not believe we will need weapons here,” he said, glancing about. “But, keep them near at hand just in case.”
…
They moved out then, led by Gilvias. Eliniza came next, leaning on her staff and holding the hand of her beloved. Leaf was sandwiched between the princess and the dwarf, who brought up the rear. 
They crossed the small island the portal had deposited them on. It was empty save for old grass, which had somehow kept its green coloring throughout the countless ages since the world’s fall. They moved towards one of the blue inter-connecting bridges of the world’s reserved energy. Gilvias put his foot on it and saw that it was safe and solid. They crossed.
The island they came to was full of ruins of fallen structures. There was a building that was once covered by a high dome of marble and gilded in gold. Half of the dome had collapsed and fallen to the floor below. They made their way to the ruins of the ancient fortress and climbed over stonewalls and debris. They found nothing of worth and soon moved on.
That is how they found their stay in Thera. Moving from island to island searching ruined structure after ruined structure. Some of the fortresses they found had survived intact, but though they held priceless treasure they found not the heirloom they sought, and thus continued onward in their quest. The hours passed. Perceived days passed. Time was a non-descriptive quotient in Thera.
They had searched all of the scattered islands now, all save one. The remaining island was empty and void of anything. It was a dirt mound lost in a sea of the cosmic ocean. Dogar shook his head and grumbled. Leaf looked at the other with hopelessness in his eyes. Gilvias tried to hide the feeling of failure from his face, but Eliniza looked on, determination gripping her with her faraway look. 
“We go to the last island,” she said. 
Dogar countered her proposal, “Why princess? We will find nothing there as we have found nothing everywhere else on this forsaken place. We are stuck here, doomed to live out eternity. Thirst and hunger do not even bother you here. Time is endless. We might as well have taken a portal to the Void.”
“Then, master Stonecrusher, if we have all eternity, then it won’t be a bother to check this last island,” Eliniza said in rising anger.
Dogar mumbled and grumbled, but did not continue the argument. Leaf said nothing at all, but continued to look dejected. Gilvias patted his love on the shoulder and said simply, “lead the way.”
Thus, they came forward to the last island of Lost Thera. Though they did not know it, the Voyage of the Four was nearing its end, and its ending would produce heartache and sadness. They moved towards the bridge that gapped the nothingness of the Forever Night Sea to the small landmass beyond.
Though Gilvias had told his love to lead the way, the actual duty fell onto Leaf. He walked in front not wanting the others to see his face. He wanted to weep. He loved his companions, but it had been long since he had seen one of his own kin and the tall Woll Woods of his own world. 
He knew the paths they had treaded led to many dangers, many that could have ended his life. That had not stopped him though. But, now the thought of being imprisoned in a lost region of the cosmos was almost too much to take. His heart was shattering. 
It was Leaf that came first to the crossing of the blue energy bridge. He walked up to it with his head looking downward. He wondered if he could jump and float back to his own planet, back when it was just he and Gilvias treading the wild after all their deadly encounters. As he moved forward, his body was wracked with pain, as he was stopped dead by what could only be an unseen barrier. The wood nymph fell backwards onto the ground.
Leaf looked towards the invisible wall and at the bridge. He was both confused and in a little bit of pain. He shook head to clear his thoughts. The others were at his side as he began to stand.
For the first time since coming to Thera the companions had their weapons drawn. Gilvias quickly asked Leaf if he was okay, and then questioned him on what had happened. Leaf quickly retold his tale. Gilvias listened, and then sheathed Coldyne, thinking the weapon was not needed.
Gilvias walked up to where he had seen Leaf strike the invisible barrier. He stretched out his hand with caution. He touched the unseen wall and it trembled beneath his fingers. He saw a flicker and a small glow outlining the wall. Eliniza came up beside him and at her presence the wall shone brightly with a flash.
The two shielded their eyes. When they looked back they saw the pendant that each wore around their necks pulse and hum. The shield wall before them started to melt away, starting at its center. Soon it was completely gone and the passage was clear. Both Eliniza and Gilvias stepped onto the bridge.
As they moved onto the bridge the illusion they had been previously shown was eradicated. On the small deserted island appeared a temple that had upon it a gold dome with a statue of the Goddess Saera on top of it. Eliniza looked at Gilvias, who looked back at her dumbly. The four proceeded onward. 
 There was a short staircase of granite that led up to an open doorway. They took to the stairs and went forth cautiously, hands upon hilts, though none believed in their hearts that they would need their weapons within the hidden temple. They walked through the door and looked at the elements that were inside.
There was a long hall, which sent echoes forth from each footfall. No murals or statues stood as ornaments in the great hall. It was empty, save those that were passing its long hidden walkway. They traveled the hall to its end and came to stand underneath the tall dome they had seen from outside. 
Leaf gasped audibly, while Dogar put his hands upon the wood nymph’s shoulders in joy. The dwarf turned back to the ranger and the two shared a smile. Gilvias squeezed Eliniza’s hand and looked at her to share a smile with her as well, but she looked not to Gilvias. Nor did she smile. 
Before the four voyagers of worlds stood an altar, which rested the Pendant of Dark Flame. Behind the altar was an archway, like the frame they had found and traveled through from the Dungeons of Nightfire. This frame had not fallen into decay though; it was of crystal and held within it many jewels of red fire. 
Gilvias studied Eliniza’s face. “Is there a trap?” he asked her. She took her eyes away from the pendant and looked at Gilvias. “No,” she responded, her eyes sinking into sadness. “There is no trap.”
Before the ranger could ask her more she moved toward the altar, slowly, reverently. Bending low, Eliniza grasped the Pendant of Dark Flame in her hands. She exhaled deeply, and then turned to the others.
“We have completed our quest,” she said triumphantly, but full of woe. “The portal behind us can be opened and travel can be made back to the Realm of the Crystal Blue.”
Gilvias looked on, frightened and speechless. Leaf looked happy and content, not noticing the anguish on Eliniza’s face. Dogar moved forward, ever the protector of the princess, before their destiny fell in with Gilvias and Leaf. 
“My Lady,” the dwarf said tenderly. “What vexes thee? There is sadness and despair when there should be cause for joy.”
Eliniza moved forward. Her hand reached out and caressed her old friend’s face. Dogar’s carved face was creased in worry. Dogar lifted a large calloused hand and touched the gentle fingers that moved across his cheek. A tear fell from his face.
“I cannot go with you,” she said, her eyes intent on Gilvias. The ranger reacted as if he had been struck. Dogar let out a low groan. Leaf finally noticed something strange was going on.
“What do you mean?” Gilvias asked. His eyes were wide and confused. 
Eliniza lowered her head for a moment before looking back at Gilvias. “My blood has been poisoned, my love. I cannot leave this place. If I go, I will be mortally wounded.”
Silence ensued as Gilvias and the others tried to comprehend what she had told them. She would not being going back to the Realm of the Crystal Blue. She would not be leaving the islands of Thera. Eliniza looked upon the man that she loved and knew it would be the last time they would ever be together. 
Eliniza handed the Pendant of Dark Flame and the pendant that she wore around her neck to Gilvias. “Go my love,” she said to him. “Go quickly. I cannot bear this torment any longer.”
Both Dogar and Leaf wept openly now. Both were unashamed of their shed tears. Gilvias moved up to the woman he loved and used a finger to gently lift her face to his. 
“I will go nowhere without you,” he said in a fierce quiet voice. “If stay you must, then stay I will too.”
“You cannot,” she said, and choked on fresh tears that washed over her. “I cannot condemn you to this prison.”
Gilvias smiled amongst his tears. “Prison?” he asked. “No, my love, not a prison, but a paradise. I will share all the time the Realms of Confusion shall have with my beloved. I cannot ask for a greater gift.”
Then through her shield of tears she smiled. And through her joy she laughed and shed more tears. These tears were now of happiness, rather than sadness. 
Then did the two lovers turn and look to their friends. And they too wept more tears, happy for their friends’ love together. But, the tears were also those of sadness, for they would be forever separated from their dear friends.
Leaf spoke up and said he would stay too, but Gilvias shook his head.
“You must go back. Ever have you been my truest friend and companion. But, your journey is not meant to end here. Go back to the Woll Woods. Long have I known you missed them, though you never dared to say it.”
Leaf conceded, and the two embraced for a long time. Eliniza was holding Dogar; the two had also shared words. Dogar then embraced Gilvias, and Eliniza embraced Leaf. Dogar was then given the Three Pendants of Mabaslu, and he and Leaf headed to the portal.
The dwarf held up the pendants and their combined power opened up the portal. In his mind, the dwarf told the portal where their destination was to be. The wavy flickering within the crystal shined and on the other side the water kingdom could be seen.
Both Dogar and Leaf turned back to Gilvias and Eliniza, who stood in each other’s arms. No more words were said. With sad smiles and waves of forever good-bye, both the dwarf and wood nymph turned and entered the portal. It closed behind them and the ranger and princess saw them never again.
Thus, the Three Pendants were returned to Mabaslu and the tale was recounted in full. The Lord of the Waters listened to their tale in both hope and sadness. He had lost many of the Muladeen that were dear to him, and those that had embarked on the dangerous mission had been forever separated from their friends. 
Dogar and Leaf had many more adventures. Though, none of their journeys took them into danger. Dogar came back to the Woll Woods with Leaf. There the dwarf built two houses, side by side, where the two friends lived next to each other to the end of their days. 
Of the Four Voyagers, none came ever to the Tower of the Dead to fight in the Cosmic Battle of Rantarok. All four forsook the call that came to them from Druwren Starfallen. Each had decided they had seen enough of war and battle. Thus, Dogar’s and Leaf’s souls made their way to the place that all souls go, though none truly know where that is. As for Gilvias and Eliniza, they lived in bliss on the islands of Thera until, well, until the end of all things.

About the Author

Patrick lives in Brownsburg, Indiana with his wife, Sarah, and is a stay-at-home Dad to their daughter Irene and Bongo the dog. Before this he had an array of time-passing vocations, including high school history teacher, banker, laser engineer, hearing aid technician, car wash supervisor, and library assistant. Pat received his Bachelor’s degree in History from IUPUI in Indianapolis. His hobbies include living and breathing Notre Dame Football, Star Wars, reading Tolkien and other fantasy authors, researching ancient astronaut theories, and the Indianapolis 500. He enjoys spending his time outdoors with his family, including grilling, hiking, kayaking, and captaining his father-in-law’s pontoon boat. 


Coming Soon:
Book Two of the Chronicles of the Ball of Light - Upon the Bridge of Falling Frost 
Book Three of the Chronicles of the Ball of Light - Laevindal
Prelude to the Chronicles of the Ball of Light - The Box of Stories and White Summer
Also:
The continuing adventures of the Motley Band and the hero, Koril Icebane

