




The Vampire’s Possession
Book 1
Ella Price

This book is a work of fiction and does not represent real events. Characters, names, places, and incidents are works of the author’s imagination and do not depict any real event, or person living or dead.
Copyright © 2015 by Ella Price
All rights reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form.
First Edition: July 2015


Cover by Designs by James at www.theauthormarket.com


Chapter 1

There was nothing more boring than listening to my Algebra professor drone on and on about some form of equation … I mean boring to the point of sleeping. Meg, my best friend, nudged me for the fifth or sixth time, and I attempted to focus. I hated math … any kind of math made me want to sleep. I was more of an English person. The gentle tap on the window, indicating that it was starting to rain, didn’t make things any better. Rain made me sleepier than math did. I straightened in my chair, hoping that by forcing myself to sit up straighter I would wake up. Meg smiled, shaking her head like she knew exactly what I was thinking.
I was so glad it was my last year of high school hell. After this, I would be moving on to bigger and better things. That wasn’t necessarily true, but the thought was nice. I would probably just start working full time at my stepmother’s coffee shop. It wouldn’t be so bad. I sighed at the thought. I knew I was fooling myself but at the rate I was going, I wasn’t sure I would make it through college. 
Meg was already prepared. She had a college three states away picked out. She had already been accepted, and she had scholarships. She was one of those overachievers that would make something of her life. I really didn’t see how we had anything in common. 
The final bell rang, pulling me from my thoughts. I started gathering my books like my classmates. Everyone was ready for this class to be over.
“You’ll never pass this class if you keep sleeping through it,” Meg chided. 
I sighed. “I know. It’s just so damn boring.” I was serious too. It was boring to the point of sleeping.
She pursed her lips like she usually did when she disapproved. “Have you applied for colleges yet? I gave you plenty of applications.”
“No, I was going to start working on it.” I was dreading the talking to I was about to get.
She made an annoyed noise. “Hailey, you’re running out of time. You have to do these things if you want a future.”
I rolled my eyes. “I know, I know. Why does everyone want to force me to have a future? What if I don’t want one? What if I’m completely happy as I am?” 
She scowled, but she didn’t say anything else. She didn’t understand … she never did. Meg was a planner, not a slacker. I was more of a slacker. I had a hard time planning what I was going to wear for the day. Planning my future just didn’t seem like something I wanted to do. I knew I needed to, but I really didn’t want to.
I followed her out of the classroom, to our lockers. “It’s raining on top of everything else,” I said annoyed as I put my books away.
“I can give you a ride to the coffee shop. It’s on my way home,” she offered as she shut her locker. 
Meg’s parents bought her a car when she turned sixteen. My parents told me I needed to work and save for one. I wasn’t getting very far, so I just walked everywhere. We lived in a small town, so it really wasn’t a big deal. It was one of those scary small towns where everyone knew everyone else’s business. It was okay as long as you didn’t have any serious secrets you didn’t want everyone and their mother knowing. 
“That would be great.” I was a little relieved that I wouldn’t have to walk in the rain. 
“So, are you going to the Lockwood’s party tomorrow night?” she asked hesitantly as we made our way toward the exit.
The Lockwood’s were a new family in town. I didn’t pay much attention to them, but everyone else did because they had money. They lived in the largest house in town, which was technically a mansion. 
I shrugged. “I’m not sure.” I wasn’t big on parties. I went because Meg wanted to go, and I was her sidekick and that was about the only reason. 
“You have to come,” she pouted like she usually did. “I can’t show up alone. Do you know how lame I’ll look? Besides, Lation Lockwood will be there. Have you seen him yet?” 
The dreamy tone she was using made me roll my eyes. “Yes, and he’s a stuck up hot guy like the rest.” He may have been slightly hotter than the rest, okay … maybe a lot hotter than the rest, but it was all the same.
She sighed. “He’s just shy. I’m going to talk to him tomorrow night. He really doesn’t talk to anyone.” 
She was right. Every time I saw him, he was either by himself or there were others standing around him, but he looked like he was in his own world even then. He was hot, but he was odd. 
“I guess I’ll go, but I’m not staying long,” I said firmly. I didn’t even really want to go, but I knew she wouldn’t let it go until I agreed.
She rolled her eyes as she opened her door. “Fine,” she pouted, then she climbed into her car. 
I shook my head smiling as I opened my door and got in the passenger seat. Meg set off for the coffee shop, which was literally only a few minutes away.
***
I waved at Meg as she pulled away from the sidewalk. I looked at the coffee shop, and a small amount of dread filled me. I hated dealing with my stepmother. She was constantly fussing at me. I was always glad when she went home, leaving me to run the place. I did much better on my own. 
I walked in, and she glanced up at me. She was counting the register, obviously anticipating my arrival. “You’re late.”
I scowled. “I came right from school.”
“Get your apron on and start the dishes. I have to leave in a few minutes.” Her tone matched my annoyed tone.
I rolled my eyes as I walked to the back office. I put my apron on, then looked in the mirror. My chestnut hair was unruly as hell. The rain was making it frizzy. I attempted to rake my fingers through it and tie it into a ponytail. My hair went well with my light brown eyes and pale skin. I couldn’t get a tan, not even if I tried. I would sunburn, and then go right back to pale. I wished I could be a little tanner like Meg, but I was still pretty. She was always annoyed because I had bigger breasts and longer legs than she did. I smiled at the thought of the last conversation we had about it.
“Hailey! Hurry up!” My stepmother sounded as impatient as she usually did.
“I’m coming, I’m coming,” I muttered as I made my way back out front. 
She went over everything like she usually did. I knew the process, but she insisted on going over it every time I came to work for the past two years. I was relieved when she finally walked out, leaving me alone. 
There were a couple regulars in the shop, but there weren’t any new faces. I liked working at the coffee shop when my stepmother wasn’t here. I could read books in-between serving customers and cleaning. It was a slow pace job for the most part, other than a rush here and there, but it was rare in the evening hours. 

Chapter 2

It was a little after eight, and everyone had left. We didn’t close until nine, so I still had a few minutes. Meg came by earlier to do some studying, but she left around seven. The night was uneventful like always.
I was standing there reading, trying to kill time. The door jingled, indicating someone was coming in. I looked up as Lation Lockwood walked in. He moved to town a couple weeks ago, but it was the first time I saw him here, at the coffee shop. 
His eyes met mine, and I straightened a little. The oddest sensation came over me. It was like an instant attraction. I felt my cheeks redden, and I quickly looked away. “What can I get you?” I tried to keep my tone casual as he approached the counter.
He was definitely hot. He was tall … he had to be over six feet tall. I was almost five nine and he was taller than me. He wasn’t skinny though, he was broad. His shirt looked like it was painted on over his muscles, and his jeans fit him really well. He had to work out, there was just no way around it. His black hair fell to his collar. His latte skin made his blue eyes stand out even more than they did on their own. He was impossibly beautiful like a model out of a magazine. He was a senior, which meant he was around eighteen, but he seemed older. He had this bad boy thing going for him, and the fact that he had a muscle car made him even sexier to most of the girls in town. 
He looked up at the menu. “This is my first time here. What’s good?” His voice was softer than I expected, making him even sexier.
I tried to focus on speaking and not looking like an idiot, instead of focusing on my dirty thoughts. I shrugged. “I like the macchiato because it has more expresso. Caramel is my favorite. If you like something sweeter, then the lattes are good.” I was trying not to sound as nervous as I felt. I wasn’t usually nervous around guys, but they also weren’t normally as hot as he was. 
He smiled slightly. “I’ll take the caramel macchiato if you say it’s good.”
I smiled, blushing. “Coming right up.” I grabbed a cup and went to work making his drink.
He watched me as I prepared his drink. “Your name is Hailey, right?” 
I nodded as I glanced up at him. “Yep, how did you know?” Normally boys paid attention to girls like Meg. I was one of the ones that went unnoticed. 
“I see you around school at times,” he said as he continued to watch me. 
I smiled. “I’ve seen you around too.” I was a little happy that he noticed me … any girl would’ve been. Later on, I knew I would feel silly about feeling this way, but for now, I liked the feeling. “Here you are. It’s on the house.” I handed him his drink.
He smiled a little wider. “Thanks.” I was sure he got all kinds of things for free. Being as hot as he was came with benefits. He didn’t immediately turn to leave, which surprised me. “There’s a party …” he started, but he was cut off by the bell on the door jingling. 
We both looked over at the door. A man in a hood walked in. The first thing about him that caught my attention was the glint of silver from the revolver he was holding in his hand. 
“Hands up! Both of you!” he barked as he aimed the gun at us. His eyes darted around nervously like he was worried someone else might appear.
Lation raised his hands. “Calm down.”
I raised mine as well. My heart was pounding in my chest. I was scared, but Lation’s calm demeanor comforted me. I knew it would be better to stay calm and cooperate. 
“I am calm! Don’t do anything stupid, and I won’t have to shoot you,” he snapped as he waved the gun in Lation’s direction. He aimed the gun at me. “Open the drawer! Give me the money!” He was inching closer to the counter. He kept glancing nervously at Lation. Lation was huge compared to him. Lation was also younger. The guy had to be in his forties. I didn’t recognize him, so he had to be passing through. Robberies were unheard of around here, so I wasn’t really prepared. 
“Okay.” I quickly hit the buttons. The drawer popped open and I moved away, so he knew I wasn’t going to fight him. 
“Put it in a bag!” he ordered, getting more impatient. “Hurry up, bitch!” he yelled moving closer to the counter. He pulled the hammer back on the gun like he was going to shoot me. His tone made me jump. He was getting angry for no reason. 
“Hey …” Lation started. He barely moved, and the guy turned and shot twice. 
I screamed, startled as Lation fell to the floor. The guy cussed, then he turned and ran out the door. 
I was momentarily frozen, then I snapped out of it. I grabbed the nearest towel and hurried out from behind the counter. Lation was lying motionless in a pool of blood. 
“No! No! No!” I was starting to panic as I knelt next to him. I pressed the towel to his abdomen where most of the blood seemed to be coming from. I fumbled for my cellphone in the pocket of my apron. Before I could dial, he reached up and grasped my wrist. I looked down at him startled. 
“Don’t,” he said in barely a whisper.
I hesitated, confused. “What? You need a doctor. You’re bleeding everywhere.” He pulled me toward him. He acted like he wanted to say something. I leaned closer to him. “Lation, I have to call …” I started.
His eyes seemed to change, making me hesitate even more. Suddenly, he lunged forward, making me yelp. He buried his face into my neck. The slight pinch, followed by a sudden rush of pleasure, made me gasp. My body went limp like I was suddenly paralyzed. He held me tightly against his body. My mind was foggy. I was trying to process what was happening. I was trying to rationalize it. I knew what it seemed like. The first thought that came to mind was vampire, but that was silly. I obviously watched too many movies. 
He suddenly released me. His eyes were closed, and blood ran down his chin. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. 
“What …” I mumbled, but I couldn’t think clearly enough to speak. 
“I will clean this up.” He slowly got to his feet, lifting me as he did.
I was awake, but I felt paralyzed and groggy. He carried me back to the office and lay me on the couch. I wasn’t sure if I was hallucinating or not. Nothing was making sense. He went from being shot, to walking around like nothing was wrong. 
He brushed my hair out of my face. “I’ll be back.” He turned and walked out leaving me alone.
I lay there for what seemed like hours, but I knew it was only minutes. I flexed my fingers when I started to feel like I could move again. I groaned as I sat up. I reached up, touching my neck. My pulse quickened when I felt two small punctures. I got to my feet, stumbling to the mirror. I put my hand over my mouth to keep from shrieking. I had a vampire bite on my neck, well … it looked like one anyway. It wasn’t possible. I kept repeating that to myself.
“Hailey?” Lation’s hesitant voice made me jump. He was standing in the doorway watching me. His shirt still had blood on it, but he cleaned his face. I stumbled backwards into the mirror. I tripped, nearly falling, but he caught me by my arms. I looked up at him wide eyed. “I know this seems out there …” he started.
“You’re a …” I trailed off.
“Vampire? Yes.” He managed to keep his tone soft and soothing. “I needed your blood to heal. I never would’ve taken it otherwise.”
I just looked at him. I didn’t know what to say. I realized I was standing there gripping his arms. “What are you going to do to me?” 
He smiled slightly. “I’m not going to hurt you, but I am going to make you forget.”
I was suddenly confused again. “Make me forget? How?” My eyes darted around as I tried to think of a way to defend myself if I needed to. He had to be crazy … maybe I was crazy. I didn’t know anymore.
He caught my chin, forcing me to look into his eyes. “Don’t be afraid, Hailey.” I suddenly felt like I was falling. His eyes were so blue. The feeling of complete trust came over me. I was no longer confused or afraid. I was just … falling.

Chapter 3

“Hailey!” My stepmother’s voice startled me awake.
I rolled, landing on the floor with a thud. I groaned as I tried to figure out what was going on. 
My father glared down at me. “Why are you sleeping here? You had us worried sick. You were supposed to be home hours ago.”
I sat up, looking around. I didn’t know what I was doing. I was in the office of the coffee shop, but I didn’t remember lying down. Hell … I didn’t remember most of the night. I remembered Lation coming in for coffee but after that … nothing.
My stepmother looked at me with her hands on her hips. “Are you on drugs?”
I looked at her confused. “What? No.” I slowly climbed to my feet. I looked around, trying to focus. 
“You have a curfew, young lady. You can’t just miss it and expect not to get in trouble.” My father’s impatient tone indicated he really wasn’t happy with me. 
I scowled. “I didn’t miss it on purpose; besides, I’m almost eighteen. Don’t you think you should lighten up?” 
“You know what? You’re grounded to the house until your birthday. School and work is all you get,” he countered, pointing his finger at me.
I rolled my eyes. “Whatever,” I muttered. I couldn’t think straight. I just wanted to go home. 
My stepmother continued to watch me with her disapproving look. “Go get in the car. We’ll be out in a minute.” 
I sighed as I walked out of the office. I knew there would be no arguing with them. They were ridiculously unreasonable. It wasn’t like I was out getting in trouble. I was sleeping … at least I think I was.
I got in the backseat of my father’s car and waited. I pulled my cellphone out and looked at it. It was after midnight. I closed my eyes as I leaned back against the seat. I felt like I lost a couple of hours somewhere. 
After a few minutes, my parents came out and got in the car. My father drove toward the house. He glanced at me through the rearview mirror a couple times. I knew he thought I was up to no good, but I really wasn’t. I didn’t really know what was going on. 
I was relieved when we made it home. I went straight to my room in an attempt to avoid any more accusing looks and annoying talks.
I went to pull my shirt over my head. As I did I realized it was green. It was the shirt I kept as a spare at the coffee shop. I wore a pink shirt to school and work. I must’ve changed it at some point, I just couldn’t remember when or what led me to change in the first place. I sat there and thought about it for a few minutes. I couldn’t think … it was doing nothing but giving me a headache. I cursed in annoyance, tossing the shirt into the laundry hamper. I finished undressing and climbed in bed. I just needed sleep, then maybe things would be clearer.

I was looking into beautiful blue eyes. They were so blue they reminded me of the ocean. All I could think about was that feeling … I was falling. I couldn’t see his face, just his eyes. His perfect, blue eyes were clear, but the rest was blurry. I tried to focus on his face. I wanted to know who he was. I was intrigued and a little scared. His face slowly started to become clearer … it was Lation.
I woke up startled. My chest was heaving. I felt my heart pounding in my chest. I remembered everything. He was a vampire, and he bit me. I scrambled out of the bed. I fumbled through my dark room to my bathroom. I flipped my light on, looking in the mirror. There was nothing on my neck where the bite marks should’ve been. I was sure everything that happened was real. He said he was going to make me forget, and he did. I just didn’t forget for long.
I walked back out to my bedroom. It was almost four in the morning. I ran my fingers through my hair, trying to think. I still felt a little foggy, but I was sure it was real. Lation bit me in the coffee shop after the man shot him. I sat down on my bed, trying to process everything. I couldn’t say anything because I would sound insane. What if I was insane? If I wasn’t insane already, the thought was going to drive me insane. I climbed back in my bed and attempted to close my eyes. I needed to go back to sleep. I had to be up for school in a couple hours.

Chapter 4

I barely slept since my realization. I didn’t know how I was going to face Lation at school. What if he found out I remembered? I was nervous as hell. I didn’t know what I was going to do about the whole vampire thing. I ran through all the things vampires didn’t like according to various movies and legends. The only thing I had was a silver necklace with a cross on it. I decided to wear it just for the hell of it. I could only hope it helped if he did decide to hurt me.
 I walked to my jewelry box and retrieved the necklace. I put it on, then looked in the mirror. I was starting to feel a little silly. Maybe I was crazy. I was taking extra time getting ready this morning. I didn’t feel like going down to breakfast and dealing with my parents either. I was trying to figure out when everything in my life got so complicated. 
At the very last minute, I grabbed my bag and hurried downstairs. Meg would be arriving any minute to pick me up. 
My stepmother looked up when I walked into the kitchen. “Aren’t you going to eat breakfast?” 
“I’m not hungry.” I was trying to keep the annoyance out of my tone, but it was almost impossible. 
“You will be at the shop after school, correct?” she asked curtly.
 I heard Meg honk her horn. “Yes, I have to go,” I said impatiently. She didn’t say anything else, so I continued on my way. I walked outside to Meg’s car. I climbed in and put my seatbelt on. 
She smiled slightly. “You look like you’re in a mood.”
I sighed. “It’s been a long night. I got grounded by the way, so I can’t go to the party with you.” The party was the least of my worries. I had Lation to worry about, but I wasn’t about to tell her that.
“That sucks, but it’s fine. Kelly wanted to go, so I’ll still have a sidekick.” She smiled happily, annoying me a little.
I scowled. I didn’t like Kelly and she knew it. Kelly was the head cheerleader and she was an ass, especially to me. “Since when are you and Kelly buddies?” 
She shrugged. “We’ve always talked. We have a lot in common.” She made it seem like no big deal, but I felt a little betrayed.
I didn’t say anything as she parked in her usual spot. I was in a bad mood in general. I climbed out of the car without saying anything. I started toward the school, and she followed at a slower pace.
I walked into the school, hesitating when I spotted Lation. He was standing near the lockers talking to Trey. His eyes met mine, and I held his gaze for a minute. A look of confusion crossed his face. I quickly looked away and hurried to my locker. I didn’t want him to think I knew what he was. His whole mission was to make me forget. 
Meg glanced at me as she opened her locker. “What’s with you today?” 
“Nothing,” I muttered as I grabbed my books.
“Hey Meg!” Kelly’s annoying voice made me bristle. 
Meg smiled at my obvious annoyance. “Hey, Kel. Hailey got benched, so it will just be me and you.”
I rolled my eyes. “I’m going to class,” I muttered as I shut my locker. I shut it a little harder than I meant to, making Meg and Kelly jump. 
“What’s with her?” Kelly asked as I walked away.
I didn’t hear Meg’s reply. I really didn’t care. I walked toward my first class bent on just making it through the day. 
Someone grabbed my wrist, pulling me into the walkway that led to the boy’s bathroom. Lation pinned me to the wall, and I looked down at me with his deep, blue eyes. He spotted the necklace and raised his eyebrows. “How do you remember?”
“How could you try to make me forget? I know what you are.” I was trying to sound brave, but I was quivering on the inside. The feeling he gave me made me even more nervous. It felt like a serious attraction. I had the urge to jump on him, and it didn’t make any sense. 
“You think a little necklace is going to protect you?” His blue eyes glinted, reflecting the amusement in his tone.
I felt my cheeks redden. “No, I just heard it might help.” I glanced around, wondering if anyone would notice if I disappeared … I doubted it.  
“It won’t, so take it off. I was never going to hurt you.” His tone was soft, and for some reason I had the urge to trust him.  
I hesitated. “How am I supposed to know that?” 
“I would’ve hurt you already if I was going to.” He managed to sound offended.
I rolled my eyes and took the necklace off. I shoved it in my bag. “There happy?” 
He nodded. “Just don’t say anything. You’ll end up in the happy house if you do. I’m not supposed to tell humans. It’s against Devon’s rules.”
I knew he was right, and that was my problem. If I told anyone else I would end up in an institution. “Who is Devon?” 
He smiled slightly. “My brother.”
 He had a brother; which meant there were more of them. Maybe the Lockwood family were all vampires. Before I could ask, someone cleared their throat. We both looked over at Principal Brown. He was standing with his arms crossed as he looked at us.
I suddenly realized how much of Lation’s body was pressed to mine. It looked incredibly inappropriate. I shoved Lation away from me. “We weren’t doing anything,” I said quickly.
“Uh huh.” Principal Brown obviously didn’t believe a word I was saying. “My office now, both of you.”
He turned and started walking. I sighed in defeat and followed. Lation followed me, but he looked more amused than embarrassed. Class hadn’t been called yet, and we were being led down the main hall. Everyone knew when a girl and guy were led to the principal’s office it was for one reason alone. It was mortifying, and this was the first time for me. I wasn’t even making out with him. I was just being accused of it.
I passed Meg and Kelly as I followed Principal Brown. Meg scowled like she disapproved. I knew she had a thing for Lation. I wasn’t even doing anything, but I was sure I would be accused of it. 
Principal Brown held the door to his office open, and I walked in. Lation followed. He sat down in one of the chairs and I sat next to him. He looked completely indifferent. Principal Brown sat down behind his desk and looked at us. 
Principal Brown gave me a stern look. “Ms. Michaels, I normally don’t see you in here. You know how the school feels about PDA.”
“We weren’t doing anything. We were just talking,” I said defensively. 
He smiled slightly. “Do boys always lean against you when they talk to you?” 
“No, I didn’t realize he was so close.” I glanced nervously at Lation. He wasn’t saying anything to help defend the situation. He was just sitting there, looking slightly amused.
“Mr. Lockwood, what do you have to say?” Principal Brown asked as he looked at Lation. 
“We were really just talking. I had no intentions toward her at all,” Lation sounded as casual as he could manage. It was a little too casual for my taste. 
Principal Brown leaned back in his chair as he looked from Lation to me. “Mr. Lockwood, you get a pass because you’re new here. Don’t let me catch you again, leaning on any girl. You may go.”
Lation nodded and stood. He grinned at me as he turned and walked out. I couldn’t believe he was just going to leave me to take the punishment. I looked back at Principal Brown waiting for his judgment.
“Ms. Michaels, I understand how this works. Mr. Lockwood is a good looking, young man, but there’s a time and a place, and it isn’t at school. You get an hour of detention after school. You can help Ms. Winters prepare for the next health class; maybe it will give you a little bit of a reminder,” he said dryly.
I looked at him in disbelief. “He was leaning against me. Why do I get detention?” My parents were going to have more of a reason to ground me now. 
He sighed. “You’ve been here longer. You’re fully aware of the rules. I’m sure I’ll get another chance to give Mr. Lockwood detention. Now get to class.”
I fought the urge to roll my eyes as I got to my feet. I grabbed my bag and walked out of his office before I ended up with more detention. 
I walked to my first class. It was already in progress, and my teacher eyed me as I took my usual seat. I noticed Meg was sitting with Kelly instead of sitting in her usual spot next to me. She looked away from me when I looked at her. It was obvious I was in the dog house with her. I was sure it had a lot to do with Lation. 
Someone sat in Meg’s vacant chair. I looked over and Lation smiled at me. 
I rolled my eyes. “I can’t believe you left me to take the heat.” I was trying to keep my voice low, so Mr. Andrews didn’t give me more detention. 
He smiled playfully. “What good would it have done for both of us to get detention?” 
I sighed. “You’re nothing but trouble. I didn’t need this. My parents already grounded me until I’m eighteen.”
His smiled widened. “Damn, how long is that?” 
“A week.” I attempted to focus on class and ignore him.  
“So, the party at my house …” he started.
I quickly cut him off. “Can’t go.”
“That sucks.” He actually managed to sound disappointed. 
“Mr. Lockwood, did you have something to add?” Mr. Andrews asked looking in our direction.
Lation gave him a cocky grin. “No, sir.”
I smiled shaking my head. I tried to focus on taking notes and avoid looking at Lation. He was going to get me in more trouble than I needed.

Chapter 5

Meg didn’t speak to me all day. I was pretty sure I got dumped by my best friend, which sucked. I called my stepmother at lunch and told her I would be late thanks to detention. She wasn’t happy, and I spent almost fifteen minutes getting yelled at. I was pretty sure I would hear it from my father too. All around, my day pretty much sucked. Lation disappeared after our first class. I was caught between wondering where he was and being relieved he was gone. He was one less thing I had to worry about. I still hadn’t wrapped my head around the idea that he was a vampire. I felt a little crazy every time I thought about it, so I tried not to think about it. 
Detention with Ms. Winters was long and boring. We spent the entire hour preparing for the next health class. I was counting the minutes until I was free. I knew I wouldn’t be free for long because then I had my stepmother to deal with. 
Once Ms. Winters released me, I slung my backpack over my shoulder and walked toward the exit. I stepped out into the sunlight and relaxed a little. I was kind of wondering how Lation could be out during the day. Maybe the whole ‘vampires can’t handle sunlight’ thing was a myth. I found myself wondering what other facts about vampires were myths. 
“Need a ride?” Lation’s playful voice pulled me from my thoughts. He was parked in front of the school. He was leaning against his car like he was waiting for me. Before I could answer, he opened the passenger door. 
I wasn’t entirely sure it was a good idea, but I was too curious to pass up the chance to talk to him more. I slipped into the passenger seat. He closed the door, then walked around to his side.
The car’s engine roared to life, then he glanced at me. “Where to?” 
I sighed. “The coffee shop.”
He nudged me gently. “You okay?” 
I smiled slightly and nodded. “Long day, and it’s going to be a longer night.”
He glanced at me as he drove. “I wish you could come to my family’s party. I mean, you would have to act like you don’t know what I am, but it would be fun.” 
I looked over at him and hesitated before speaking. “Is your entire family like you?” 
He nodded. “There’s Devon and Lilith. They’re married. They’re the oldest, so they’re the heads of the family. Then there is Michelle, Alec, Lacy, and Peirce. We aren’t related by blood, but we’ve been together so long we consider each other brothers and sisters.”
“That’s neat. How old are you?” I was getting more curious about him.
He smiled. “Almost a hundred and fifty. Peirce is my maker. He’s a lot older than me. I’m actually young compared to the others.”
I sighed. “It all sounds insane.” 
He laughed. “A little, that’s why we don’t usually tell humans.” He parked in front of the coffee shop and turned his car off.
“Thanks for the ride. Maybe I’ll see you around.” I opened the car door. Tomorrow was Saturday, which meant no school. I wouldn’t see him until Monday, and it was a little disappointing. 
He caught my arm, and I hesitated. I looked at him, then he leaned forward. He pressed his lips to mine. I felt my heart start to race. His lips were soft and teasing. Pleasure raced through me making my body hum. He broke the kiss after a second and smiled. “You will.”
I felt my cheeks redden as I smiled. I climbed out of the car and gave him a small wave before I walked into the coffee shop. Somehow, just his chaste kiss made my day so much better.
I walked into the coffee shop, and my stepmother glanced up me like she usually did. Her expression darkened. “Your father and I are supposed to be on the road already. We told you weeks ago about his meeting in Florida. You getting detention is delaying us.”
“Sorry,” I muttered. To be honest, I forgot about them leaving.
“He’s on his way to get me. Linda will open the shop in the mornings, and you are to be here after school to take over for her. Tomorrow and Sunday you need to be here by two. We’ll be gone until next weekend. We’re trusting you not to screw anything up.” She was watching me with her usual disapproving look.
“Jeez, I won’t.” I was even more annoyed now. I didn’t know why they made me work for them if they didn’t trust me. I walked to the office to get my apron on. 
I walked back out to the front. My father was standing near the counter with my stepmother. I fought the urge to roll my eyes. I was sure he had something to say. 
I was slightly surprised when he smiled. “I’m not going to lecture you. I’m sure you already know what I would say.”
I sighed. “I do. I didn’t do anything to deserve detention, and I’m sorry I made you late.”
“We’re counting on you to keep this place going while we are gone,” he said firmly. 
“I know, Dad. I’ve got it, I promise.” I was trying to keep the annoyance in my tone to a minimum.
My stepmother went over everything again, like she usually did. She acted like I was an imbecile at times. I just stood and listened like I was supposed to. I was never more relieved when they left. I was looking forward to being on my own.

Chapter 6

I was pretty sure the entire town was going to the Lockwood party, so after eight the place was barren. I stood reading my book and trying not to think about Lation. 
The front door jingled, and I looked up. An incredibly attractive man walked in. He was the same caliber in the looks department as Lation. He was older than Lation, maybe in his late twenties or early thirties. His light blonde hair was slicked back, making his brilliant green eyes stand out. He was immaculately dressed in a suit. The green button up he was wearing under his jacket matched his eyes perfectly. He looked around for a moment before his eyes landed on me. 
“Can I get you something?” I asked trying not to sound like a nervous idiot.
“Who owns this establishment?” he asked casually as he continued to look around.
I was a little confused by his question. “My stepmother, Marie. Why?” He didn’t seem like he belonged in a place like this. He belonged in a five-star restaurant. 
His eyes met mine again. “Who is Hailey?” 
I got the same odd feeling I did when Lation looked at me. It was like an instant attraction. I was suddenly very unsure of him. I had a feeling he was a vampire like Lation. I didn’t know how I knew, I just did. “Why do you ask?” 
He looked me over like he was trying to decide how much to tell me. “My brother, Lation, has been seeing a girl named Hailey. I was just curious about her. You wouldn’t happen to know anything about her, would you?” He walked toward the counter as he spoke.
“I’m Hailey, and I hardly count Lation getting me put in detention as seeing me.” I was trying to sound put out, but I sounded nervous instead.
“You’re Hailey?” He continued to watch me. He sounded like he was a little surprised.
I smiled slightly. “What’s wrong? Am I not pretty enough for Lation?” 
“More like not blonde enough.” He returned my smile. “How much do you know about Lation?” He moved closer to the counter, putting me a little more on edge. 
I shrugged trying to act as casual as possible. “Not much. We go to school together.” I focused on arranging the tea boxes. He said he was one of his brothers, which meant he was a vampire. I could definitely see him being a vampire. He gave me the same odd sensation as Lation … the instant attraction. I wondered if it was how all girls felt around their kind. 
I looked up, and he was standing right in front of me. I was frozen in place, looking into his emerald eyes. I had no idea how he got around the counter. I had a feeling it had something to do with being a vampire. He was so close to me, there was barely room to move. 
“You know.” He didn’t sound angry or worried. He sounded more put out than anything.
I managed to find my voice quicker than I thought I could. “Know what?” 
He smiled slightly as he reached up and brushed my cheek with his fingertips. His touch made me gasp in surprise. The tingling sensations he sent through me was almost a shock. I had that same urge to jump on him like I did Lation. “You know what.” His tone was teasing, like he was flirting.  
His lips touched mine. I closed my eyes as a feeling of euphoria rushed through me. He broke the kiss, and I stayed frozen in place. I felt his lips on my neck, and I knew what was coming. The slight pinch of his bite made me gasp in surprise. The tingling sensation surged through me making me moan. I felt like I was spinning. My body was going insane with sensations. I felt my nipples tighten as my pussy clenched in anticipation. My panties dampened as the pleasure built. My knees buckled as I cried out in ecstasy as the feeling flooded me. He looped his arm around my waist supporting me. He released my neck and straightened. He continued to hold me as his eyes locked with mine. 
I watched him trying to catch my breath. My heart was pounding, and my body was humming with the after effects of his bite. “What are you going to do with me?” I couldn’t believe I could even form the words. 
“Oh, there is so much I would love to do to you.” He smiled as he ran his fingers over my cheek.
I closed the space between us, pressing my lips to his. His tongue touched mine, and the metallic taste of blood filled my mouth. Fear and excitement coursed through me. I didn’t even know his name, but that didn’t matter. All that mattered was the feeling. I felt his erection pressing into my thigh. He wanted me … the thought intensified my excitement.
“I must go,” he whispered pulling away from me. 
“What? Why?” I pouted as I pulled him closer.
He laughed and pulled away again. “I need to have a word with Lation.”
I swayed and reached out to the counter for support. Before I could argue about him saying something to Lation, he was gone. He didn’t turn and walk out either; he literally just disappeared. I closed my eyes and opened them again. I felt like I was losing my mind. I reached up and touched my neck. I had two, neat little punctures like I did when Lation bit me. I stumbled to the door and locked it. I didn’t want to deal with anymore last-minute customers.
I walked to the office using the wall for support. I was supposed to walk home, but I didn’t see how it would be possible. I felt weak and groggy. I collapsed on the couch and closed my eyes. I was pretty sure I wasn’t going to make it all the way home. 
I lay there staring at the ceiling. I felt crazy. I knew what I was seeing and feeling. They were vampires, but no one would believe me. I would be called insane. Maybe I was insane for not saying something. 
The sound of glass breaking pulled me from my thoughts. I sat straight up. I locked the doors, there wasn’t supposed to be anyone in the shop but me. I hurried to the office door. I shut and locked it. I reached in my apron pocket for my cellphone. I cursed under my breath when I realized it was gone. I must’ve left it on the counter. I was trying to come up with a plan when the sound of someone jiggling the door handle caught my attention. I stumbled backwards as I looked around frantically. I needed a weapon. I had no idea who was in the shop, but they were obviously up to no good. Before I could find anything to grab, the door splintered apart. 
A huge bald guy walked in. His eyes landed on me and he smiled. “Just who I was looking for.”
“Who the hell are you?” I was terrified. I was debating trying to make it past him, but he was so big I doubted I would. I was still a little dizzy on top of everything else. 
“I’ve come to collect you for my master.” His eyes glinted with amusement. He looked me over, and the way he looked at me made my stomach flip flop. 
I wasn’t going to ask him anymore questions. It was clear he planned on hurting me. I lunged for an umbrella sitting in the corner. He ran at me and I swung the umbrella. I hit him over the head, but it barely fazed him. The distraction gave me enough time to dodge past him. I ran for the door. I could hear him on my heels. The window in the door was broken out. I went through the opening. I cussed when the glass cut my arm, but I gritted my teeth and continued on. I knew the guy would be on me in seconds. I ran down the sidewalk. I really had no clue where I was going to go. The town was a ghost town thanks to the Lockwood party. It suddenly hit me … the Lockwood party. There were people there, and Lation would be there. The guy wouldn’t follow me there … at least I hoped he wouldn’t.
I ran toward the Lockwood estate. I knew where it was, even though I never went there. I just passed it on occasion. I didn’t take the time to look back and see if the bald guy was following me. I didn’t want to know. I was more concerned with running. 
I ran up the driveway to the house. The house was huge and there were cars parked everywhere. It was definitely an estate. A dark figure appeared in front of me and I came to an immediate stop. I could barely make out his face, but I knew I didn’t recognize him. 
“You really think you can outrun me, human?” His tone was cold and callous. 
“Um … I didn’t realize I was running from you,” I said between pants. I had no idea who he was. He wasn’t the same guy that attacked me in the coffee shop.
He laughed. “You have jokes. I am Paul’s master. I sent him for you.” He sounded way too calm, like creepy calm. 
I glanced behind me nervously. I was sure Paul wouldn’t be far behind me. “I’ll scream,” I threatened when I didn’t have a better plan. I knew it was lame, but I had to try.
His smile widened. “The music in there is so loud, no one will hear you.”
“A vampire might,” I countered as I held his gaze.
He hesitated. “You know about the vampires.”
“I might.” I tried to make up my mind. I could try to run past him, but I had an odd feeling he was a vampire or something like one. I wasn’t attracted to him like I was Lation and the blonde vampire, but I knew he had to be one just the same. He was handsome, and he had that odd aura about him.
“Hailey?” Meg’s confused voice startled both me and the man I was having a staring contest with. She was all dressed up like she had been at the party. 
He scowled and turned toward her. I knew he was going to attack her. She was just a girl like me. He would consider her a liability. I ran at him and jumped on his back before he could get to her. “Run, Meg! Get help!” I yelled as the man tried to throw me off his back. 
Her eyes widened with fear. She turned and ran back toward the house. The man regained control and threw me to the ground. I tried to scramble to my feet and he kicked me in my side. 
“I’ve got her, sir,” Paul growled as he stepped out of the shadows. I was trying to recover from the kick to the ribs. I couldn’t fight because of the intense pain. 
Paul hauled me to my feet by my arm. I winced as the glass imbedded itself deeper in my skin where I cut myself on the door.
“What is going on?” a firm male voice demanded. A man stood not far from us. He was well dressed. He had to be a man from the party. I didn’t recognize him.
The man that attacked me smiled. “Ah, Devon, I was just collecting something of mine.” 
Devon was one of Lation’s brothers and the head of the family. A sudden sense of relief came over me. “I’m not property, and I’m definitely not yours,” I countered as I fought against Paul’s grip. 
“Let her go, Derrick,” Devon ordered as his gaze shifted from the man to me and Paul. 
“Why? This has nothing to do with you,” Derrick spat. 
Lation appeared next to Devon. 
“Lation!” I cried excitedly.
“Hailey?” Lation’s tone was worried. Lation went to move forward, but Devon stopped him.
“No fighting. Derrick, release her,” Devon ordered again. 
Derrick stood staring at Devon, then he looked at Paul and nodded. Paul shoved me sideways sending me to the ground. 
“This isn’t over,” Derrick growled, then he and Paul were gone. 
Lation hurried over to me. “Are you okay?” He touched my arm. 
I winced and pulled away. “I’m fine, just a little roughed up.
He continued to look at me. “How do you know him? What’s going on?” 
I scowled. “I have no idea. Everything was fine until I met you,” I hissed. 
Lation quickly put his hand over my mouth before I could continue, then he glanced nervously at Devon. He was obviously worried I would give too much away. 
Devon raised his eyebrows as he watched Lation. “Bring her inside, and call Peirce,” Devon ordered, then he turned and walked back toward the house.
“Damn,” Lation muttered as he took my hand and pulled me to my feet. 
“Peirce wouldn’t happen to be blonde, would he?” I asked wondering which of the Lockwoods the blonde man I met was. I never did get his name even though I made out with him. 
Lation looked at me confused. “How do you know?” He looked a little worried as he searched my eyes for an answer.
“He came to the coffee shop earlier tonight before that guy, Paul, showed up.” I wasn’t sure how much I should admit. It wasn’t like I was cheating. We weren’t actually together. 
His eyes immediately went to my neck. His expression darkened when he pushed my hair aside. “That bastard.” He turned and pulled me toward the house. He was walking quickly, and I was having a hard time keeping up.
“Lation, slow down,” I said impatiently. We were quickly catching up with Devon, who had just about made it inside. 
“Devon, what’s going on?” a woman asked as we walked inside. She was an incredibly beautiful red head. I realized for the first time that Devon was as handsome as Lation and Peirce. 
Devon took the woman’s hands as she looked at him worried. “Everything is fine, darling. Perhaps we should end the party early.” Devon kissed her on her cheek.
The woman looked at me. “Why? Who is she?” 
Lation cleared his throat. “Lilith, this is Hailey. She’s a friend.” He was still holding my hand. 
I gave her a small wave. “Hi.” I remembered Lation telling me Lilith was Devon’s wife. They made a beautiful couple.
“She’s a human, and she’s bleeding. What happened to her, Lation?” Lilith demanded.
Lation scowled. “I’m trying to figure that out. Have you seen Peirce?” 
Lilith nodded. “He’s in the main room. Tell Michelle to come upstairs. We will dress her arm.”
“Go with Lilith, Hailey. She’ll take care of you,” Lation assured me as he guided me toward Lilith. 
Lilith turned and started toward the stairs. I glanced nervously at Lation. He was watching me with an unreadable expression. I wanted to find out what was going on as much as he did. I decided to follow Lilith. I figured Lation would tell me when he figured it out himself. 
The house was incredible. Lilith flipped the light on and led me into a huge bathroom. “Please sit.” She indicated a chair.
I sat down and glanced around nervously. “This is a nice house,” I said for lack of something better to say.
“It is.” She gathered items from the cabinets. She glanced at me, then looked back at what she was doing. “The bite on your neck … was that Lation?” 
I shook my head. “Peirce … I think.” 
She raised her eyebrows in annoyance. “You think?” 
I shrugged. “I didn’t know his name at the time. I know he was a Lockwood, and Lation said he is blonde.” She kind of made me feel like an idiot … maybe I was. 
“So … are you Lation’s or Peirce’s?” She walked over to me and began to examine the cut.
I looked at her confused. “What?” I was starting to get annoyed with how they treated me like property. I wasn’t anyone’s property. 
Her eyes met mine. She had the same green eyes as Peirce. I wondered if they were related somehow. “Which one are you loyal to?” She sounded slightly annoyed for having to explain herself.
I was definitely confused now. “Neither, I just met them both.”
She smiled slightly. “I see.”
I winced as she took tweezers and began to pick small shards of glass out of the cut.
“You called for me, Lilith,” a sultry female voice asked. A tall woman stood in the doorway. I knew she was a vampire as well. I was getting good at telling. They were all exceptionally beautiful. This woman had long, black hair and gray eyes. She looked like she was a little older than me, but I knew she was probably a couple hundred years old.
Lilith nodded as she moved toward the sink. “Yes, Michelle this is Hailey. I was hoping you could help by stitching her arm.”
Michelle walked into the bathroom. “Who is she?” She was watching me, but I couldn’t tell what she was thinking. 
“A friend of Lation’s.” Lilith offered Michelle a small needle and thread. 
Michelle smiled. “Obviously not that good of one if he won’t offer her his blood.”
Lilith shot her a warning look. She immediately silenced but rolled her eyes. I kind of wondered what she meant. I winced and was quickly distracted when Lilith started to clean the cut. Once she was done, Michelle went to work sewing it up. I was silent, and so were they. I didn’t think I should say anything. I wasn’t entirely sure what I should say to vampires.
The sound of a man and woman arguing pulled me from my thoughts. A younger man with brown hair, and a girl that looked almost identical to him, except she was a girl of course, stood in the doorway. They had to be twins. “We heard Lation has a girlfriend,” the man said as he looked at Lilith for confirmation. 
“No, Alec, she’s Peirce’s,” the girl said as she grinned at me.
“No, Lacy, Lation said …” Alec started.
“Who cares what Lation said, Peirce is older,” Lacy interrupted, cutting him off.
I scowled. “I’m not property.” I stood since Michelle was through sewing the cut. 
“Hush child and sit down. I still need to put a bandage on your arm.” Lilith pushed me back into my seat.
I scowled in annoyance. They were all extremely annoying. 
Michelle glared at Alec and Lacy. “Peirce wouldn’t take a human.” It was obvious she was jealous. I wasn’t about to say anything and piss her off. 
“He said …” Lacy started.
“There will be no fighting in this house. You all know Devon’s rules. Now go see to our guests. I will finish up here,” Lilith ordered as she looked at all of them.
Michelle marched out first, and the others followed. I glanced at Lilith and she looked at me briefly, then went back to bandaging my arm. She was taking her time, almost like she was trying to make it perfect. 
“Tell me about yourself. I have been here a couple months now. I’ve never heard of you, and now all the sudden you have everyone riled up.” She was smiling slightly as she spoke. 
I didn’t know what there was to tell. “I’m no one. I go to school with Lation.”
She looked at me skeptically. “He just told you about us for no reason?” 
I shook my head. “He got shot when my parent’s coffee shop got robbed. He kept the guy from shooting me, but he got hurt. He bit me to heal. He tried to make me forget, but it didn’t work.”
She hesitated. “It didn’t work?” 
I shook my head. “No, it didn’t.”
She watched me silently for a minute, before continuing. “How did you meet Peirce?” 
“He came to the coffee shop. He was looking for me.” I stood. I still didn’t know why he came looking for me. 
Lation stepped into the bathroom. “Is she okay?” 
“Just a cut.” Lilith smiled at him. “I’m going to go find Devon.” She excused herself and walked out, leaving us alone. 
He moved closer to me and touched my cheek. I looked up at him and smiled weakly. “That vampire, Derrick, what did he want?” 
“A hostage,” Peirce said as he stepped into the bathroom. 
Lation scowled at Peirce as he let his hand drop to his side. “The more she knows, the more dangerous it will be for her.”
Peirce scoffed. “She is already in danger, boy. I would think you would have figured that out by now.”
“I have to go back to the coffee shop. That guy broke the door. My parents are going to kill me.” I was starting to get annoyed at the whole situation. 
“I will have someone take care of the coffee shop. You will be staying here this evening,” Peirce said firmly. He acted like he wasn’t going to let me decide. 
“I can take her home and stay there with her,” Lation countered.
Peirce laughed. “There is a slight problem with that. You would be alone with her and that isn’t happening.”
Lation stepped toward Pierce. “I saw her first.”
“Don’t embarrass yourself, boy. You are out of your league,” Pierce threatened as he watched Lation.
Lation’s hands were balled into fists. He was considering striking Peirce. I didn’t want them to fight over me. I wasn’t sure how I felt about either of them. I was confused, tired, and I wasn’t about to pick sides. 
“Stop, both of you.” I moved between them. “I won’t stay here, and neither of you will take me home, if you insist on fighting.”
They continued to glare at one another, but Lation’s hands were no longer balled into fists. Having them both in such a small room with me was a little overwhelming. I wasn’t sure if I lost too much blood, or if it was how they made me feel. 
I swayed, and they both reached for me. I gasped in surprised when their hands touched me. 
“I’ve got her,” Lation growled.
“No, I have her,” Peirce countered.
“Oh for heaven’s sake. You are overwhelming the poor girl,” Lilith said impatiently as she pushed them both away from me. She appeared out of nowhere like they all seemed to be able to do. She laced her arm around my waist and supported my weight. “I will take her to her room, and I better not catch either of you there tonight.”
She led me out of the bathroom. I was a little relieved to be away from them. I felt a little stronger almost immediately. She opened a door and led me to the bed. The bedroom was huge, and it was beautiful like the rest of the house. 
“Thank you.” I sounded a little breathless.
“They can be overwhelming at times, especially for a human. It’s part of their gift. Get some rest and we will discuss everything in more detail when you wake.” She glanced at me as she pulled the covers back.
I sat down on the bed and kicked my shoes off. “My parents …” I started, but she cut me off.
“We will make sure they know you’re safe.” She smiled reassuring me. “I will leave you to undress.” She walked out, closing the door behind her.
I sat there for a minute, trying to decide what to do next. I was nervous about staying, but if those guys came after me again when I was alone, I would be in trouble. I slid my jeans off and tossed them aside. I left my shirt on just in case. I settled down in the bed and closed my eyes. I realized how tired I was when I finally relaxed.

Chapter 7

I gasped in surprise as I opened my eyes. The euphoria of a vampire’s bite clouded my mind. I tangled my fingers in his thick, black hair. Lation was lying next to me slowing drinking from the bite he just made on my breast.
Peirce touched my thigh. “Save some for me.”
 I gasped as I looked down at him. He was slowly climbing on the bed with Lation and me. I realized for the first time I was completely naked. Peirce smiled as his eyes stayed locked with mine. He pushed my legs apart and laid a gentle kiss in the crease of my thigh. He bit down making me cry out …
I had the sudden sensation I was falling, then I hit the floor. I groaned when I realized I fell off the bed. I landed on my injured arm making the effect of the fall worse. I opened my eyes and blinked a couple times. Part of me wished I didn’t have to wake up. It was a really good dream. I felt my cheeks redden at the thought. 
I sat up and untangled myself from the covers. I was still in my panties and shirt. The curtains were blocking the light, but I was pretty sure it was daylight. I had a feeling I was late for work. I was always late. I scrambled to my feet and looked for my pants. They were nowhere in sight. I cussed in annoyance. I didn’t see where they could’ve gone. 
The door opened, and Lilith walked in. “I threw your pants away because they were dirty. Lacy is about your size, so she will bring you some clothes. You should shower.” She kept her eyes on me as she spoke.
“What time is it? I have to be to work at two.” I looked around for a clock. 
“It is past two, but Devon has arranged for someone to run the coffee shop in your absence. He wishes to speak with you when you are through dressing.” She turned and walked out.
I sighed. Well, at least I didn’t have to work. I walked into the bathroom and started the shower. I was going to wash quickly, and hopefully once I spoke with Devon, I would be able to leave. It wasn’t that I didn’t like it here, I was just a little out of my element. Not to mention, my X-rated dream was going to make it hard for me to look Lation and Peirce in the eye. 
Once I was showered, I walked out into the bedroom with a towel wrapped around me. There was a nice dress and a pair of high heels lying on the bed. There was also a bra and matching panties. Normally, dresses weren’t my thing, but I wasn’t going to complain.
I dressed, then looked in the mirror. I combed my hair. I was a pretty girl, but I didn’t think I was anything near as pretty a Lilith or Michelle. 
There was a brisk knock on the door. “Come in.” I turned away from the mirror.
The door opened and Lation smiled at me. “You look pretty in a dress.”
“Oh, thank you. Lilith said Devon wanted to talk to me?” I was a little worried.
He nodded. “I’ll take you to him.” He stepped aside, so I could walk past him. 
I walked out into the hallway, and he followed closing the door behind him. He was silent as he led me down the stairs. I couldn’t stop thinking about him in the dream. I felt my cheeks redden at the thought. 
He stopped in front of a door and knocked. “Come in,” Devon’s smooth voice echoed through the door.
Lation opened the door and I walked in past him. I thought he would follow me in, but he didn’t. He shut the door behind me, leaving me alone with Devon.
“Hailey, please, sit.” He indicated the chair in front of his desk.
I felt a little bit like I was in the principal’s office. I walked quickly to the chair and sat down. “I really appreciate all you have done.”
“It is my pleasure.” He smiled warmly, making me a little more comfortable. “I am sure you’re aware of the current feud between Lation and Pierce.”
I looked at him a little confused. I knew they were fighting over me, but I didn’t call it a feud. “I’m not really sure …”
“You don’t understand what they want, and that is what I’m here to explain. Vampires grow fond of certain humans like Lation and Peirce have grown fond of you. When that happens, the vampire will share blood with the human and they will bond. When that happens, the human will be able to heal, and they will not die from natural causes, which will enable them to live forever. In many cases, after a few years, the vampire will change the human into a vampire.” He hesitated as if he was waiting for me to process what he was saying.
“What does the vampire get out of it?” I had a feeling the human didn’t get all the benefits.
“Loyalty, admiration, affection … you see, Hailey … vampires are very selfish and vain. We tend to take what we want and that often leads to feuds. I have found a way around that by allowing the human to choose in instances where two vampires admire the same human.” His tone was so calm it was starting to unnerve me.
I shifted nervously in my seat. “You want me to choose between Lation and Peirce?” I was a little startled. I didn’t know how I was going to do that. I liked them both. I wasn’t overly fond of one or the other. Hell, I wasn’t sure I wanted to be bonded to one of them. I barely knew them.
He nodded. “It so happens that there are several young ladies choosing this evening. This happens a lot more than you would think.” 
I hesitated. “I’ll have time to think about it right?”
He nodded. “Lacy is going to take you to the coffee shop for a few hours, then she will bring you back here to make your decision with the others. The decisions will be announced at midnight during the gathering. It’s a simple process, much simpler than it sounds.”
“And they will just accept my decision … whatever I choose?” It didn’t seem like a very convincing way to handle the situation. 
“Of course. It’s your life, your decision to make. I suggest you think it through.” He stood, indicating the meeting was over.
I nodded. “I will.” I got to my feet as well.
He opened the door for me and smiled. “Lacy is waiting in the foyer for you.” 
I smiled nervously. “Thank you.” I hurried past him. I walked quickly down the hallway. Lacy looked up from her cellphone as I approached. 
She grinned. “Ready?”
I nodded. “Definitely.” I was trying not to sound too overwhelmed. 
I followed her out to her car. She had an expensive BMW. It really didn’t surprise me. I climbed in, and she set off.
“Everyone is coming tonight. No one can believe Peirce is involved in a choosing ceremony.” She was grinning like she was enjoying my predicament. 
I looked out the window. “Is that what you call it?” 
She nodded. “They’re held once a month and it so happens you showed up on the right weekend.” 
I looked at her. “How am I going to choose?” I was starting to feel a little panicked.
She shrugged. “Most girls choose the strongest, which in your case is Peirce.”
I thought about it as she wound through the streets toward the coffee shop. Could I choose Peirce? I didn’t think I could, but I felt the same way about Lation. I couldn’t just choose one over the other. On top of me not knowing if I made the right choice it would drive a wedge between them.
As soon as Lacy parked, I climbed out of the car and hurried toward the coffee shop. It was slightly busy like it usually was on Saturday afternoons. I was a little surprised to see Alec was running things. 
He grinned at me when I walked in. “I love this job.”
I smiled at his enthusiasm. I wished I liked it that much. 
Lacy rolled her eyes. “You’re such a tool.”
Alec scowled. “Yeah, well you’re a bitch.”
She rolled her eyes again. “You would think you would have a better comeback after all these years.” She sat down at one of the tables.
I smiled, shaking my head. “I’m going to get my apron on.” I walked to the office and put an apron on. I was relieved to see my cellphone lying on the desk. I was also a little surprised and relieved that I didn’t have a dozen missed calls from my parents. I slipped the phone in my apron, then walked back out front.
Alec grinned at me. “So, I heard you have to choose between Peirce and Lation.”
“Yeah, I’m not looking forward to it.” I started arranging the tea boxes, trying to think clearly.
Alec started filling sugar containers. “Everyone knows you’re going to choose Peirce. Hell … even Lation knows it.”
I thought about it silently. I didn’t want to choose either one. I didn’t know anything about them. “Are Peirce and Lation close?” 
Lacy glanced at me. “Of course. Peirce is Lation’s maker. They have their ups and downs, but they’re normally best friends.”
Alec scoffed. “Not anymore. This is the first feud over a girl and they won’t even stand in the same room.”
Lacy walked over to me and showed me her phone. It was a picture of Lation and Peirce sitting together. They were smiling like they were best friends. She scanned through several more like it. They were all taken at different times and in different places. 
I sighed. “They seem like real brothers.” Seeing the pictures made me more determined not to choose. Not choosing was a choice. Devon said they would respect my choice whatever it was. 
“They are. They’ll get past this. It may take them a few years, but that’s nothing to us.” She smiled, and then walked back to her seat. 
That was another thing … being bound to one person forever was a long damn time. That was one hell of a commitment I wasn’t ready for. I barely knew them. I mean I felt something when they touched me, but I felt something when any guy I was attracted to touched me. Sure, it wasn’t nearly as intense, but it was a feeling all the same. 
I spent the rest of the afternoon listening to Lacy and Alec’s playful banter. I could tell they were close, and as I suspected they were twins. I learned a lot about them. They weren’t much different than my other friends. It was kind of nice to have them around … it made time go by much faster.

Chapter 8

At nine, we closed the shop and headed back to their house. I was dreading the next couple of hours. Devon said I would make my decision with the others and it would be announced. I wasn’t really sure what that entailed, but when I saw the number of cars and all the activity at the house, I was suddenly very nervous.
Alec parked and we all climbed out and walked toward the house. Lilith met us in the foyer. “Hailey, there is a dress laid out on your bed. There is also makeup. Get dressed, then I will take you to the library where Devon will instruct you.”
I nodded and hurried up the stairs. I walked into the room I stayed in the night before. I kind of wondered where Peirce and Lation were. I hadn’t seen either of them all day, other than earlier when I briefly saw Lation. 
There was a beautiful, yellow dress laid out on the bed. It was a light yellow. I slipped it on. I was surprised at how well it fit me. I looked amazing. It was a little much compared to what I was used to. It was an evening dress. It looked like something I would wear to my prom. I put light makeup on and pinned my hair up. I looked in the mirror trying to gather my courage.
My door opened, and Lilith walked in. She looked me over. “You look lovely. Are you ready?” She was wearing a deep green gown with a plunging neckline. She looked amazing, like a movie star. 
I nodded. “As ready as I’ll ever be.” I suddenly felt breathless.
I followed her out of the room. She walked down the hall to another room. She walked in without knocking. Devon looked up from a book he was reading and smiled at her. His gaze shifted to me. “You both look lovely. Hailey, find a seat.” He indicated a large table. There were four other girls there. They were all busy writing on a piece of paper. 
I took the first open seat. Devon walked over to me and handed me a piece of paper, an envelope, and a pen. “Write your decision down and the reason for it. When you are done, seal it in the envelope and write your name on the outside. I will read them once we go downstairs and join the others.”
I glanced at him nervously. “Okay.” I accepted the materials. The other girls were busy doing the same thing. I thought it was a little odd, but I didn’t know vampire traditions, so I was going to play along. Devon walked back over to Lilith, and I went to work.

Chapter 9

It took me almost an hour to compose my decision, but by the time I was done, I was confident I was making the right one. I wouldn’t choose. I wouldn’t start a fight and drive a wedge between brothers. They had been together too long for something as petty as a girl to get in the way. The other girls had already finished, and they were all waiting on me. I put my decision in the envelope and sealed it. I wrote my name on it, then I walked over and handed it to Devon.
“Thank you dear.” He smiled at me, then turned his attention to the others. “Ladies, shall we?” 
Everyone stood, and we filed out of the room. I was curious about the others, but I didn’t get a chance to speak to any of them. We followed Devon downstairs, and into a huge ballroom. Butterflies erupted in my stomach when I saw how many people were here. I didn’t expect it to be such a large gathering. I spotted Lation and Peirce. They were standing across the room from one another, eyeing one another. Lation looked pissed off, and Peirce looked like he already won. I suppose if it was true that most girls picked the strongest, then Lation would’ve been the loser. 
Devon had us line up on the staircase near the back of the room. I was relieved that I would be last. He started with a speech about it being our decision and that all parties were expected to honor it. He called the first girl and she stepped forward. Then he called the two men who were fighting for her affection. They moved to the front of the room glaring at one another as they stood there. Devon would then read the letter with the girl’s decision. Once it was read the girl would go to the one she chose. I was a little worried when I realized all of them chose one or the other. None of them made the same decision I did.
“Hailey,” Devon said finally calling my name.
I took a breath and stepped forward. I didn’t like doing this … not even a little bit. The other girls seemed overly happy to be in this situation, but I wasn’t. I thought it was insane.
Devon looked over at Peirce and Lation. “Peirce, Lation … step forward.” He waited for them both to move to the front of the room. “Both of you will agree to honor her decision correct?” He was eyeing them both like he expected them to argue.
“Yes,” they agreed in unison, and then they gave each other a dirty look before turning their attention back to me.
“Excellent, then I will read her decision.” Devon opened my letter. “Dearest Peirce and Lation, after careful consideration of your offers I have chosen …” Devon trailed off, raising his eyebrows as he continued to read the letter silently. “Well … this is a first.” A murmur came over the room, then Devon continued. “I have chosen to decline your offers. I will choose neither one of you for several reasons. First, and foremost you are brothers and I refuse to be at fault for driving a wedge between you. Secondly, forever is a very long time, and I’m not entirely sure I’m ready for a commitment like that. I do hope you will understand my reasons and not hold any ill will towards me or one another.”
The room was silent as Devon folded the letter. Lation and Peirce looked startled and confused. 
“You both have agreed to respect her decision, and she has made it. That concludes this evening’s ceremony. You all may go back to mingling.” Devon was smiling. It was obvious he thought it was funny.
I stepped down off the stairs. I didn’t like everyone’s eyes on me. 
“That was awesome!” Lacy was giggling as she caught up to me.
“Yeah, I don’t think they thought so,” I said breathlessly. 
“Hailey,” Lation called to me making me hesitate. 
I turned and waited for him to catch up to me. “I’m sorry, Lation.”
He smiled slightly. “It’s okay. I’m just glad you didn’t pick him.” 
Peirce moved up behind me. “Of course he is because if you were a normal girl there would have been no debate.”
“So now she isn’t normal because she didn’t pick your pompous ass?” Lation countered.
Peirce glared at Lation. “No, she isn’t.”
Lilith approached us. “I do believe her decision was to prevent fighting, gentleman.”
I was a little relieved to have her interrupt. I didn’t know how to handle them when they started bickering. “I’ve only known you both for a few days, you can’t possibly decide that you want to be with someone forever in that span of time.”
Peirce continued to watch me. “Time has no matter to us, darling. It is irrelevant. We are guided by our feelings alone.” 
“Feelings in your pants don’t count as feelings that make relationships last,” I countered.
Lacy giggled. “I like her.”
The room was starting to get stifling. I really needed fresh air. “Excuse me.” I hurried toward the patio. Once the cool air hit my face, I relaxed. I closed my eyes as I took a couple deep breaths. This whole thing was insane. A week ago, I never would have guessed this is what I would be doing.
I felt someone move up behind me. Somehow, I knew who it was before he touched me. Peirce’s hands rested on my hips as he pressed his lips to my shoulder. “You look delectable in this dress,” he whispered. 
I groaned as pleasure coursed through me. He really wasn’t playing fair. “You aren’t fair,” I pouted. 
He laughed. “I played fair and I lost. Now, I must remedy that.”
I scowled as I turned to face him. “You didn’t lose, it was a draw,” I countered as I looked up at him. 
“Anything less than a win is a loss. What is it I must prove to make you mine?” He closed the small space between us. 
“You can’t possibly want me this bad. You barely know me.” My eyes drifted to his lips. 
“Mmm, I know what I feel.” He brushed his fingers along my jaw. 
“So this is how we are going to do things?” Lation growled.
I quickly stepped away from Peirce, and Pierce turned and glared at Lation. “You are becoming a pest, Lation. One I intend to rid myself of.” Peirce stepped forward as I reached out and grabbed his arm.
“Hurt him, and you’ll lose any small chance you had of winning me.” I was surprised at how strong I sounded. I knew Pierce was older and probably stronger than Lation. I didn’t know how much because I didn’t know much about vampires, but I had a feeling he was quite a bit stronger. 
Peirce’s eyes locked with mine. I held his gaze without faltering. I wasn’t going to let him push me around on this. I liked Lation as much as I liked him. I wouldn’t watch them tear each other apart.
“Fine.” Peirce’s gaze shifted to Lation. “She saved your ass. You should thank her.” He pulled out of my grasp and walked away.
I sighed as I watched him walk back into the house. I looked at Lation. “You know this is insane, right?”
He grinned. “Yeah, but it’s how we live.”
I scowled. “You shouldn’t be fighting with your brother over a girl.” 
“You shouldn’t be so irresistible,” he countered as he moved closer to me.
“Oh no.” I stepped back. “You aren’t going to touch me too. I can’t think straight when you touch me.”
His smile widened as he continued to advance on me. “That is the point,” he whispered seductively. He was wearing a tux, and I had to say he looked incredible in it. I thought jeans and tight shirts were his thing, but now I wasn’t so sure. 
He stopped inches from me, and I looked at him nervously. “Why do you all have to be so damn attractive?”
He smiled, and it went to his blue eyes. “We just are; it’s part of our allure. I would love to show you some of my other gifts,” he cooed as he reached out and took my hand.
I sighed as I laced my fingers through his. “I can’t. I made my decision and I’m going to stick to it. I don’t want you and Peirce fighting. I like you both, and I’ve seen pictures of you two together. You can’t let anything come between that.”
His expression darkened a little. “I saw you first.”
I rolled my eyes. “This isn’t kindergarten. You can’t just claim finders keepers.” I was trying not to sound as annoyed as I felt. 
He muttered under his breath as he looked away. He was still gently holding my hand. He looked back at me. His expression was softer, but he was still deep in thought. “This sucks.”
I giggled. It was funny because he was pouting. “We can still be friends. I do like you.”
He sighed. “Fine, friends until I convince you to see things my way.”
I smiled as I released his hand. “Agreed. Now is there any alcohol in this house because I need a drink?”
He offered me his arm. “Right this way.”
I looped my arm in his and he led me back inside the crowded house. I was still in awe of the place, and the people. I still couldn’t believe there were vampires. I was raised to believe they were legends, and now I was walking in a room full of them. Lation led me to the bar, and the bartender went to work making the drinks he ordered. 
Peirce appeared next to me. “I see he couldn’t convince you either.” He signaled the bartender to make him a drink.
“Nope, I made my decision and I’m sticking with it,” I said confidently.
“Yes, she’s being a pain in the ass,” Lation agreed as he slid my drink over to me.
“It’s for the best. You two will realize that eventually. You shouldn’t throw everything away for passing fancy.” I took a sip of my drink.
Lacy came to stand next to me. “Is everyone playing nice?” 
“Yep; so far.” I was hoping I didn’t just jinx the whole thing. 
She sighed. “I remember the night I had to choose as a human. It seemed so long ago.”
I watched her curiously. “How did you choose?” 
She giggled. “I had a naughty dream about the one I chose the night before.”
I laughed. “You chose based on a naughty dream?”
She grinned. “Yep.” 
Peirce laughed. “The choice would’ve been obvious if that were the case.”
“Not really.” I thought about my dream … and it wouldn’t be easy at all. 
“Hah! Score on my part.” Lation was grinning at his win. 
I rolled my eyes and took a sip of my drink. 
“She never said she had a naughty dream about you either,” Pierce countered.
“Oh my god, you were both there; hence making it impossible to choose!” I couldn’t believe I revealed so much, but they were starting to irritate me with their competing.
Lacy started laughing like a hyena. Both of their expressions were caught somewhere between horror and amusement at my confession. 
“That is interesting,” Peirce said finally breaking the silence.
“Yes, it was.” I giggled. The drink was really starting to get to me. It was strong, and I didn’t drink often. 
Lacy was still giggling. “You’re terrible.”
“They started it.” I was trying not to look at either of them. I was pretty sure I would turn scarlet if I did. 
“It looks like you’re all having fun over here,” Michelle cooed. She made it a point to touch Pierce’s arm as she looked at me.
“Hailey is sharing things that are better left unsaid,” Pierce said dryly. 
“I agree,” Lation muttered. 
“You two are never happy,” I pouted. They were too difficult. I couldn’t imagine trying to make them happy. 
“You are a simple human, it’s hard for you to understand,” Michelle’s tone was as clipped as she could manage. 
I scoffed. “I’m sure,” I muttered deciding to try to avoid a fight. She didn’t act like she liked me when we first met, and she definitely wasn’t acting like she did now. 
Devon moved up next to Lation. “I think she understands us too well; hence her hesitation to throw her human life away.” 
I thought about it for a moment. “To be completely honest I don’t have much of a human life, not like other girls anyway.”
Devon smiled. “Yet, you are smarter.”
Peirce sighed. “I would be happier if she were dumber.”
Lation glared at Peirce. “I bet you would.”
Lilith laced her arm around Devon. “Boys, no fighting.” 
“Yes, no fighting … at least not over me.” I looked up at the clock. It was already well after midnight. “I should be getting home.” I set my glass on the counter.
Lilith glanced at Devon like she was waiting for him to stop me. 
“I don’t think that would be wise, my dear. Perhaps you could stay here another night,” Peirce played with a free strand of my hair as he spoke. I had a feeling he beat Devon to the chase. They wanted me to stay. I didn’t understand why they were protecting me like they were.
“Why isn’t it wise?” I looked at him confused. “I was completely fine before.”
“You are right. You were fine before, but now you are safer here,” Lilith said firmly, when Devon didn’t say anything.
Lation touched my hand. “Just another night or two.” 
I sighed in defeat. “Fine, I suppose it won’t hurt.” My parents were out of town, so it wasn’t like they could stop me. I kind of liked it here anyway. The fact that they were asking me to stay made me feel wanted, and I liked that feeling.
Devon smiled. “Excellent, I’m sure Lation and Peirce will feel much better if you stay.”
“I’m sure the precaution is unnecessary. Derrick has no doubt lost interest by now,” Michelle said haughtily. Her annoyance with me was obvious. I wasn’t sure what I did to her, but I was pretty sure it had a lot to do with Peirce. 
Lilith shot her a dirty look. “Regardless, we would rather be safe.”
“Come on. I’ll get you some night clothes.” Lacy looped her arm through mine. She led me away from the others, toward the stairs. I didn’t mind really. I was actually really tired. “So you really don’t want to choose?” she asked once we were alone.
I shook my head. “I like them both. I would rather be friends with them.”
“That’s a little strange,” she said thoughtfully as we made our way up the stairs. It was odd because she almost seemed like she was floating instead of walking. There was so much about them that was intriguing. 
I smiled slightly. “I’ve never been big on making choices.” It was true. I would much rather remain neutral than make a major decision. 
She laughed. “So it seems.” She opened the door to her room, and I followed her in. Her room was decorated with pinks and whites. It was definitely a frilly girl’s room. I kind of liked it, even though it would never be the way I decorated my room. 
“How old are you?” I asked casually as I walked over to a couch and sat down. Her room was huge, much bigger than mine. 
“Almost two hundred and fifty. Alec is the same age as me of course.” She started looking through her drawers.
I looked back at her. “Wow, I couldn’t imagine being that old.”
She shrugged. “It seems like a big deal at first, but it really isn’t.” She tossed me a pair of night pants and a tank top. 
“It’s actually kind of scary,” I said thoughtfully. 
She came over and sat down next to me. “Lilith and Devon are the best. They make this life so much easier. Alec and I had a not so nice maker. Lilith took us in, and ever since, we have been happy.”
“I know Peirce is Lation’s maker, but who made Peirce?” I wanted to know more about them.
She shrugged. “The same person that made Devon. They don’t talk about their maker though. Lilith is actually Peirce’s sister, but Devon is her maker.”
“They have the same eyes. I thought they were related.” I was even more curious about them now. 
“They have the same personality too,” she said dryly. 
She was right. Lilith and Peirce did act very similar. They were both somewhat reserved, yet everyone knew if they got on their bad side there would be trouble. I snapped out of my thoughts.  “I’m going to get ready for bed,” I was tired, and the drink I had earlier was starting to catch up with me. I was such a lightweight.
“Okay.” She laid her own night clothes out on her bed. 
I stood and walked out, leaving her to get ready for bed as well. My room was only a couple doors down. I was a little relieved I didn’t run into anyone in the hall. I was starting to feel overwhelmed again, and more talking would’ve made it worse.

Chapter 10

I woke up slowly, realizing I didn’t have any dirty dreams about Lation or Peirce. It was both relieving and disappointing. I sat up and looked at my cellphone. It was a little after lunch. I wanted to go to the coffee shop on time today. I hadn’t spoken to my parents since they left. I wasn’t sure what they knew about recent events. It was Sunday, and it was usually one of the busiest days at the shop.
There was a fresh set of clothes on a chair near the bed. It disturbed me a little that someone came in my room and I never heard them. I showered and dressed quickly. I had about thirty minutes to make it to the coffee shop. Luckily, it was only a fifteen-minute walk, but I was sure Lation would give me a ride … if I could find him.
I stepped out of my room and walked toward the stairs. Lation was coming up the stairs as I came to the top of the stairs. 
He smiled. “Hey, I wasn’t sure if you would be up yet.”
“Yep, I need to get to work. Can you give me a ride?” I was hoping he would agree. I really didn’t want to walk.
“Of course.” He followed me back down the stairs. “Are you closing tonight?”
I nodded. “I close at eight on Sundays.”
“Can I come pick you up afterwards?” He held the front door open for me.
“Sure. I need to go home though. I need to do laundry and a ton of other stuff before school in the morning.” I walked through the door and waited for him to follow.
“Okay.” He hurried after me. He opened the car door for me. 
I smiled slightly. “Thanks.” He was exceptionally good looking today, and he smelled incredible. 
“Anything for you,” he said playfully. He shut the door and walked around to his side. He climbed in and set off for the coffee shop. 
I had a million questions running through my head, but I decided not to ask any of them. I didn’t want to annoy him with my curiosity. 
He finally broke the silence after a minute or two. “You look like you’re plotting something.” 
I laughed. “Nope, not me. I was just thinking about everything.”
He glanced at me. “Is that good or bad?” 
I shrugged. “I’ll let you know when I figure it out.” 
He pulled up in front of the coffee shop and put his car in park. “Alec is going to be up later to check in on you. He really liked working.”
I laughed. “It’s nice to have the company, so I don’t mind.” I reached for the door handle. I turned to get out and he caught my arm like he usually did. I looked at him and he leaned in and pressed his lips to mine. His slow, teasing kiss made my pulse quicken.
He broke the kiss after a second. “Be careful.” His blue eyes were hard to read, but he looked a little worried.
I felt my cheeks redden at the seductive tone of his voice. “I will.” I was a little breathless. I climbed out of the car before I changed my mind and pounced on him.
The affect he had on me was driving me insane. Peirce was able to do the same thing. They could make a simple kiss or touch mean so much more. It was almost an addictive feeling. I tried to shake the feeling as I listened to Linda go over everything with me. I needed to focus and quit letting them get to me. It was getting difficult, but I was stubborn.
Once Linda left, I fell into my usual routine. I made the dreaded call to my parents, and I was surprised to find they weren’t mad. They actually sounded like they were enjoying their time away. I didn’t mention anything about the coffee shop being broken into. I figured if they found out, I would deal with it then.

Chapter 11

Around six, Alec came in, and he was in his usual good mood. He acted more like a kid my age, so he was easy to get along with. I let him take over behind the counter. I walked the room and cleaned tables and threw out trash. He was much more personable than me anyway. 
I was cleaning a couple tables when the door jingled. I looked up and Meg walked in with Trey, my ex-boyfriend. She made it a point not to look at me. She knew exactly what she was doing, and I had a feeling Kelly was somehow involved. Trey was an attractive guy and we dated for a few months, but I kind of got bored of him. He was on the football team and that was all he talked about. Despite dating so long, we never went all the way. He just wasn’t the guy I wanted to lose my virginity to, and I was a little glad I didn’t. 
I made it a point to ignore them. I let Alec serve them while I continued cleaning the tables. The doors opened again, and I looked up like I always did. Peirce smiled at me as he stepped inside. I felt my pulse quicken before he even made it all the way in the door. 
He walked over to the table where I was. “Hey,” he said playfully. 
“Hi,” I said trying not to sound too breathless. His green eyes were mesmerizing. I was caught in them. All I could do was look up at him and wait for him to say or do something.
He leaned forward, closing the space between us, and pressed his lips to mine. His kiss was more aggressive than Lation’s kiss. His tongue touched mine and pleasure rushed through me. He wasn’t afraid to kiss me. Lation seemed a little unsure when he kissed me. Peirce just didn’t care. He kissed me with everything he had. I felt almost like I was melting into him. 
He broke the kiss and smiled down at me. “Are you having a good day?”
“Um … yeah.” I attempted to focus. I felt a little dizzy and breathless. I almost felt like I needed to sit down. He was so close to me, the light sent of his cologne was almost overwhelming. 
“Good, I was just checking in on you. I will see you later this evening.” He turned and walked out leaving me standing there in the wake of his carnal kiss. He knew exactly what he was doing to me. He was making sure I didn’t forget he existed. He didn’t understand that there was no forgetting him. 
I looked around, suddenly realizing there were other people in the coffee shop. Most of them were watching me. Meg was scowling, and so was Trey. I decided to ignore them both. I smiled slightly as I walked around the counter to continue organizing and cleaning. 
Alec watched me with an amused look. “Wow, I thought Peirce was just having his usual pissing contest, but I think he’s really into you.”
I groaned as I sat down on a stool behind the counter. “Don’t say that. I don’t want either of them to be into me. It makes things complicated and messy.”
He laughed. “Pretending they aren’t still battling can make it complicated and messy too.”
I sighed. “I know. I need to figure out how to friend zone them both and keep them there. They both keep trying to change my mind.”
He scoffed. “Yeah, when you end up in that magical little world where things like that can happen, you let me know.” 
I rolled my eyes. “If vampires can exist, then I can friend zone Lation and Peirce,” I said haughtily.
He smiled like he thought I was being cute. “Yeah … okay.” He turned his attention to a customer that just walked in.
I knew he was right. I was being too optimistic. Neither of them would go down without a fight. I still didn’t want to pick. I liked them both. There was no way to just choose one. They were both perfect in their own way. I didn’t like thinking about it too long, it gave me a headache. I went to the back to try to focus on paperwork, since Alec had the front covered. 

Chapter 12

Alec walked into the office a little after eight. “Everything up front is done. Lation got caught up, so he asked me to give you a ride home.”
“Oh, okay.” I stood, then I turned the computer off and gathered my things. I wondered where Lation was, but I decided not to ask. We weren’t dating, so it was technically none of my business. 
I followed Alec out of the office. I locked up before walking to his car. Like Lacy, he had an expensive car. I wondered how vampires made their money. I was going to have to ask Lation or Peirce. 
The drive to my house was somewhat silent. Alec was more focused on the radio than me. He parked in front of my house. 
“Thanks for the ride,” I said as I opened my door.
He smiled and gave me a small wave. “Anytime.”
I closed the door and walked up to my house. He pulled away from the curb as I dug my keys out. I walked in and flipped the lights on. It was always eerie when I was home alone. Knowing vampires existed managed to make it even eerier. I think I preferred being blissfully ignorant to the existence of vampires. At least I wasn’t flinching every time there was a noise.

I managed to cook dinner, start laundry, and clean up my room before ten. I was actually happy to be home. It was definitely more relaxing. I was always on edge around Lation and his family. I wondered if that was normal. All the other humans seemed to be completely unaware of their power. 
I kind of wondered what happened to Lation. I debated calling him, but I decided against it. After staying my first night with them, I found someone programmed all their phone numbers into my phone. I couldn’t help but worry that they no longer wanted anything to do with me because I refused to choose between Lation and Peirce, thus no longer making me part of their inner circle. Just as I was battling myself on the subject, my phone rang snapping me out of my thoughts.
I picked it up off the coffee table and scowled. It was Meg. I wasn’t in the mood to deal with Meg. I wasn’t mad at her; well not really. I sighed in annoyance. I decided it would be petty not to answer. 
“Hello.” I used the cheeriest tone I could manage. I wanted to make sure she knew she wasn’t annoying me. It would only satisfy her if I was mad at her.
“Hailey?” Meg squeaked. She sounded terrified and it made me worry.
I stood, alarmed. “Meg, what’s wrong?” I had a bad feeling. She didn’t sound right. 
“He killed them,” she wailed. Her voice gave me goose bumps. My chest tightened with fear. 
Before I could say anything, there was a scuffling noise. “Now that I have your attention, we need to talk.” I recognized the dark male voice on the other end. It was Derrick, one of the men that chased me to the Lockwood’s house. 
My heart was pounding. “What do you want?” 
“We will discuss that in detail when we meet. We are at your friend’s house. You have fifteen minutes.” The line went dead as soon as he was done speaking.
I stood staring at the phone blankly. I had to do something. I cussed; and then I darted up the stairs. I quickly changed into jeans, a tee shirt, and running shoes. I fumbled with my phone trying to find Lation’s name. I hit dial and it rang and went to voicemail. I yelled in annoyance and fumbled with the phone until I found Peirce’s name. I was shaking, and I could barely hit the buttons. I hurried toward my father’s gun safe as the phone rang.
“Hello,” a sultry female voice answered. It was Michelle. I didn’t have time to contemplate why Michelle had Peirce’s phone.
“Michelle, where’s Peirce?” I asked frantically as I tried to balance the phone while I fumbled with the lock on the safe. I knew the code, but my hands were shaking so bad it was hard for me to put the code in.
“I think he’s in the shower. Can I take a message?” She sounded pleased with herself. She was worried about playing games, but I had bigger problems.
I didn’t have time for her games. I cussed and hung the phone up. I shoved it in my pocket. The door of the gun safe swung open. I grabbed three handguns and several extra clips of ammo. I knew I probably wouldn’t be able to kill them, but it would slow them down. My father was a gun enthusiast and he taught me how to shoot from a young age. I would be able to handle myself, at least I hoped. I put a double shoulder holster on, then I put a third holster on my hip. I made sure the guns were loaded and easy for me to get to quickly. I slipped a coat on to conceal them, then I ran back down the stairs.
Meg’s house was three houses over. I was hoping I would be able to approach without being seen, but I doubted it. I decided it would be best to walk in and start shooting if I had to. 
I walked slowly up her driveway. The only light in the house was on in the living room. I knew it was the living room. I’d been in the house thousands of times. I was close to her parents and her little sister, Grace. My chest started to ache again. Meg said they were dead. I didn’t know who ‘they’ were, and I was terrified to find out.
I hesitated when the door opened. Derrick’s henchman, Paul, smiled at me. “It’s nice to see you again.”
“Where is she?” I was trying to sound braver than I felt. 
“Right this way.” He turned and disappeared into the house. 
I placed my hand on the gun at my hip and followed. I was glancing around hoping I would be able to respond in time. A ball formed in my throat when I turned the corner. Meg and Grace’s parents were lying on the floor motionless. There was blood everywhere. I knew they were dead. I didn’t need a confirmation. Rage filled me as I looked up and met Derrick’s dark gaze. He was smiling, and it made me angrier.
Meg and Grace were cowering in the corner clinging to one another. There were two other men I never saw before in the room as well.
I finally managed to find my voice. “What do you want?” 
Derrick laughed like I was being cute. “You, of course, and here you are. If I knew it would be this easy I would have killed them earlier.” 
“I don’t even know who you are. What do you want from me?” I was barely able to keep my tone even. I was so angry I wanted to scream. I wanted to kill him, but I wanted him to suffer. 
He smiled playfully. “That is for me to know, and you to find out.”
“I disagree,” I countered. I pulled the gun and shot the two guys standing closest to Meg and Grace. The men collapsed, and Meg and Grace screamed. Paul lunged, so I shot him several times. He finally collapsed, and I drew my second gun and aimed it at Derrick. 
Fury crossed his face. I was surprised he hadn’t already attacked. I was pretty sure he was in shock. He thought I was going to give up without a fight. “I will make you suffer! You have no idea who I am!” 
I shot him in the head and he fell backwards. I didn’t know if it would kill him, and I didn’t care to find out. I hurried over to Meg and pulled her to her feet. 
“We have to run. We can’t stay here.” I was trying to encourage her to cooperate. Grace was only five, and she looked so small and afraid. I holstered my gun and picked Grace up. I grabbed Meg’s hand and dragged her behind me as I ran for the garage. I knew her parents’ cars would be there. They always left their keys in their cars, so we would be able to run. 
Her father’s Hummer was the first car we came to. I opened the back door and shoved Meg in, then I set Grace on the seat next to her. I shut the door and reached for my door. I was suddenly knocked sideways. I stumbled back, but quickly recovered.
Paul lunged at me again and caught me across the face with a punch. I fell and hit my head on the stairs, but I barely felt it. Adrenaline was coursing through me … I couldn’t feel anything. I grabbed my gun and rolled. I emptied the clip into him and he fell. Meg and Grace were screaming. I heard male voices as I scrambled to my feet. I had to get out of the house fast. The guns weren’t hurting them as much as I hoped. I jumped over Paul’s body and yanked the driver’s door open. I started the truck and put it in reverse. The two guys I shot first rushed out into the garage. I gunned the truck and backed through the garage door. I couldn’t wait for it to open. The tires squealed as I maneuvered the truck down the driveway and into the street. I slammed it in drive and pressed the gas. I glanced in the rearview mirror. The men quit chasing the truck once it made it out of the driveway. 
My knuckles were white as I gripped the steering wheel. I was panting, trying to catch my breath. I didn’t know what to do, or where to go. All I could think about was Meg’s dead parents. It was all my fault. He was looking for me, so he attacked her. He saw her that night at the Lockwood’s house. She went to get help. He hurt her because she knew me. The thought made me sick. I was the reason her parents were dead. The words kept repeating in my head. I pulled off into a busy shopping center and parked. I screamed in anger as I hit the steering wheel. Tears blinded my vision. I draped my arms over the steering wheel and buried my face in my arms. Uncontrollable sobs rocked my body. I knew it wasn’t the time to fall apart, but I didn’t know what else to do. Everything was my fault. I was the one who got involved with vampires. I didn’t know what I expected. 
“Hailey?” Meg’s weak voice broke the silence. We had been sitting there for I don’t know how long. I quit crying a while ago, but I was no closer to an idea on what to do next. 
I straightened. “What is it?” 
Meg climbed into the front seat and looked at me. “They said they were …” she trailed off.
“Vampires,” I said finishing her sentence.
She nodded. “They killed them. I couldn’t stop them,” she whispered. 
I closed my eyes and took a steadying breath. “I’m so sorry, Meg. This is all my fault.”
She reached out and touched my arm. I didn’t understand how she didn’t hate me. My phone rang startling both of us. I dug it out of my pocket. It was Peirce. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to answer. I was currently in a vampire hating mood. 
I decided to answer anyway. “Hello.” My tone sounded empty even to me.
“Hailey, are you safe? Where are you?” He sounded worried, which surprised me.
I took a steadying breath. “I’m fine.” 
“Where are you?” he demanded.
I hesitated as I glanced at Meg. “What does it matter?” I asked angrily. I only had problems after meeting them. It wasn’t me, it was them that caused all of this. It had to be. 
“I know you’re angry, Hailey, but you’re in danger. I need to know you are safe. Please come to the house.” His tone changed from demanding to pleading. 
“He killed Meg’s parents,” I said in barely a whisper. 
“I know, and I’m sorry. Please Hailey. He is furious. He is looking for you. He will kill you and her. You have to come to me. I can keep you safe.” He was trying to convince me.
“It’s because of your kind that this is happening to me!” I was close to yelling. I was trying not to because Grace was asleep. 
“Hailey …” he started, and then there was a scuffling noise.
“Hailey, listen to me,” Lilith ordered. “You cannot outrun Derrick. He will follow you wherever you go. Blame us if you would like, I honestly don’t care if you do. If you want to keep your friend alive, then you will bring her here to us. We are the only ones Derrick fears. Without us, you will both die.”
I knew she was right. I still had bullets, but that wouldn’t be enough. He knew I had guns, he would change his attack. I had no choice. “I’ll be there in a minute.” I hung up without waiting for a response. I owed it to Meg and Grace to keep them safe, even if that meant going to vampires for protection.
Meg looked at me nervously. “Where are we going?” 
“The Lockwood estate. They’re friends, and they can keep us safe.” I started the truck.
“Are they …” she hesitated again. She couldn’t say the word. I was sure she felt as crazy as I did when I first learned about them.
“Yes, but they aren’t like him. They’re nice.” I was trying not to sound uncertain. I wanted to believe they were nice, but they were vampires. It was hard to say anything for sure. I knew too little about them.
Meg silently stared out the window as I drove. She looked pale and scared. He blue eyes stood out more because she was afraid. Her light blond curls were a mess, and they made her look younger. Grace looked like a younger version of Meg, except Grace’s hair was longer. They both looked like their mother, Kate. The thought made me angry. She was dead because of me … they both were.
I took a deep, steadying breath as I turned onto the street of the Lockwood estate. I pulled up the driveway and parked. Lation and Peirce hurried out of the house like they were waiting for me. Lilith and Lacy followed.
I climbed out of the truck and shut my door. 
“Are you hurt?” Lation sounded worried as he touched the cut on my head.
I shook my head. “I’m fine.”
Peirce caught me by my chin and forced me to look at him. “It isn’t deep,” he said thoughtfully as he examined the cut. His thumb brushed the bruise on my cheek where Paul hit me. 
I pulled away from him. “I really am fine.”
 Meg climbed out of the truck. She was watching them from where she stood near the front of the truck. She looked like she was caught somewhere between fear and relief. 
Lacy slowly approached Meg. “My name is Lacy, what’s yours?” Lacy was smiling; trying to reassure her.
Meg glanced around nervously. “Meg.” 
“Meg, why don’t you come with me? I will get you cleaned up and get you some fresh clothes.” Lacy offered Meg her hand.
Meg looked at me unsure. She looked like she wanted to trust Lacy, but she was afraid to.
“It’s okay Meg. Lacy is nice. I’ll get Grace,” I said trying to encourage her.
Meg looked back at Lacy, then she stepped forward and took her hand. I moved to the back door and opened it. Grace was still sound asleep. I lifted her off the seat and shut the door.
Lilith stepped forward. “I didn’t realize there was a child.” Lilith almost looked excited when she saw Grace.
I held Grace a little tighter. “Yes, this is Meg’s little sister. She’s only five.”
Lilith moved closer to me. “I can care for her. You need to clean up.” 
“She’s right. Lilith is good with children,” Lation said trying to reassure me. 
“Okay.” I didn’t know the first thing about children anyway. I was sure Grace was in better hands with Lilith. Lilith took Grace out of my arms and carried her inside. Lacy had already taken Meg into the house. It was just me, Lation, and Peirce standing outside. 
“Why didn’t you call us?” Lation chided.
I scowled. “I did. Your phone went to voicemail and Michelle answered his. Derrick gave me fifteen minutes to do something before he killed Meg and Grace. I didn’t have much of a choice.” 
“This is where bonding would come in handy,” Peirce said dryly.
I scoffed. “I’ve had just about enough of vampires. I’m only here because I owe it to Meg and Grace.” I turned and walked toward the door. I wasn’t going to argue with them, and I definitely wasn’t going to bond with either one of them. 
“Hailey, you can’t seriously be blaming us for this,” Lation argued as he followed me into the house. 
I didn’t say anything. I wasn’t going to argue with him. 
Peirce spoke when I didn’t. “It is easier for her to blame us, then for her to blame herself.”
I spun around and glared at Peirce. “How is this my fault? I don’t even know who he is or what he wants, but I bet you do! You talk about wanting to protect me, but where were you when I needed you? You are both conveniently there when I don’t need you, but when I do need you … you are nowhere to be found!” I was so angry I was shaking. 
“Meow … sounds like someone is in a mood.” Michelle smiled as she made her way down the stairs. She looked like she was in a particularly good mood. 
Lation and Peirce watched me like I was a ticking bomb. Neither of them wanted to say anymore to make me angrier. I turned and hurried up the stairs. Michelle grabbed my arm as I went to pass her. I was sure she was bent on tormenting me. Anger surged through me and I recoiled and backhanded her. 
“Oh shit,” Lation said startled. 
“You bitch!” Michelle hissed, as she touched her face where I smacked her. She looked like she wanted to kill me, but she didn’t move. She just glared at me.
“I’m the bitch?” I laughed harshly. “I think you need to look in a mirror.” I continued on my way. 
I wanted to check on Meg. I knew she would more than likely be in Lacy’s room. I stopped in front of Lacy’s door and took a breath. I knocked gently and Lacy opened the door.
She moved aside. “Come in.”
I walked in past her. Meg was sitting on the bed. Her knees were pulled to her chest. Her eyes were red and puffy like she had been crying again. “Hey, Meg.” I wasn’t sure if she had enough time to hate me yet. I was hoping she didn’t, but I wasn’t sure.
Her eyes met mine. “Hey, Hailey.”
“Do you need anything?” I was careful to keep my distance.
She shook her head. “I’m okay.”
Lacy gently touched my arm. “I’ll take care of her. You should go clean up.”
I did need to clean up, but I didn’t want to leave Meg alone. I knew Lacy would take care of her. She didn’t need me and my bad mood around anyway. “Okay.” I decided to leave her in Lacy’s care. “Meg, if you need me, come get me.” 
She nodded, but she didn’t speak or look at me. Lacy opened the door for me, and I walked out into the hall. I fought the urge to roll my eyes when I saw Lation and Peirce leaning against the wall next to my door. It was obvious they were waiting for me.
“What do you two want?” I asked grumpily as I walked toward my room. 
“We want to make sure you are okay. You look like shit,” Lation said worried.
I touched the door handle, and Peirce put his arm across the doorway blocking me from going any further. “I know you’re angry, but we just want to help you.” His voice was a seductive whisper. I hated the way his voice affected me. The sensations flared up making me yearn for the way he kissed and touched me. He rested his hand on my lower back, and I looked up in his green eyes trying to decipher what he was thinking. 
Lation touched my arm, pulling me from my thoughts, prompting me to look at him. “We will play nice tonight … just let us help you,” he pleaded. He reached up and ran his fingertips along my cheek. My breath caught in my throat at the feeling he gave me. 
They were both overwhelming me. They made my guard come down. It was annoying and relaxing at the same time. When I didn’t argue, Peirce opened the door. He took my hand and led me into the room. Lation followed, closing the door behind him. 
Peirce led me to the bathroom. He released my hand, so he could start the shower. I kicked my shoes off. A shower sounded so nice. I flinched when Lation touched my shoulders. “I’m not going to bite,” he teased as he slid my jacket off. 
Peirce turned back toward me and went to work helping Lation get the holsters and guns off me. Their fingers brushed me, making me flush. They weren’t even touching my bare skin, but it was enough to drive me insane. 
Peirce lifted the hem of my tee shirt and pulled it over my head. He leaned down and pressed his lips to mine as he ran his hands down my bare sides. His kiss was passionate and full of promise. His tongue tangled with mine, and I savored the taste of his mouth.  
I was slightly distracted when Lation started laying gentle kisses over my shoulder as Peirce kissed me. Lation quickly undid the clasp on my bra. His hands slid under my bra, cupping my breasts. He ran his thumbs over my nipples, gently teasing me.
Both their hands and lips were on me, overwhelming me. Peirce broke the kiss leaving me breathless. Lation forced me to turn, then he pressed his lips to mine. Lation barley gave me time to recover from Peirce’s desperate kiss before he gave me one of his own. 
Peirce pressed his body to my back as he ran his hands down my sides. He quickly undid the button on my jeans. He trailed kisses over my shoulder; and then down my back as he slid my jeans down. 
Lation broke the kiss and I stepped out of my jeans. I stood between them with nothing but my panties on. I thought I would be more self-conscious, but I wasn’t. Peirce wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me tighter against his body making me gasp. 
“Let us have you for tonight, love,” Peirce whispered. My pulse quickened as tingling sensations raced through me giving me goosebumps. My nipples hardened to the point of aching. I was scared and exhilarated at the same time. 
“Both of you?” I asked breathlessly. 
Lation pulled his shirt off. “Yes, both of us. You don’t have to choose.” 
My eyes roved his bare chest, taking in the perfection of every muscle and line of his perfect physique. I wanted him. I wanted both of them. “Okay.” My eyes met Lation’s again.
Peirce released me as Lation stepped forward. Lation playfully nipped at my lips. I ran my hands over his chest. His muscles rippled under my touch. I pressed my lips to his chest and breathed in his scent. 
Fingers tangled in my hair making me gasp. It didn’t hurt. The pressure of my hair being pulled was exciting. Peirce pulled me back against him. His bare skin touched mine, and my heart started to race. Lation knelt in front of me. His eyes locked with mine as he hooked my panties and slowly slid them down. 
Peirce held me firmly by my hair. His free arm snaked around my waist. Lation ran his hands up my thighs. Lation’s eyes remained locked with mine until they drifted down to my pussy. The way he looked at me made me moan and squirm against Peirce’s hold. 
Lation’s mouth covered the heated skin between my thighs. At the same moment Lation’s lips touched me, Peirce bit my neck. I thought I was going to lose it. My body flushed, and cries of pleasure escaped my lips. The euphoric feeling of Lation’s mouth on me, combined with Peirce’s bite was almost too much for me to handle. My knees buckled, but Peirce supported me, as he continued to feed. The pinch of Lation’s bite, in the crease of my thigh, made me cry out again.
Pleasure consumed me, and I let it. I sagged in Peirce’s arms, completely giving in to them. Peirce pulled away from me. “We’ve taken enough, Lation.”
Lation reluctantly pulled away. He was looking up at me. His eyes were so blue. I had the overwhelming sensation that I was falling. I tried to fight it, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t look away … all I could so was fall.

Chapter 13

I opened my eyes, blinking a couple times. The room was dark, and I was lying on someone’s chest. The memory of what happened in the bathroom gave me tingling sensations. I peeked up at the man I was lying on. It was Peirce. His eyes were closed. I was pretty sure he was asleep.
 Someone shifted behind me, then Lation’s arm encircled my waist. He pulled me back against him. I flushed when I felt his erection press against me. He was naked, and so was I. I could only see Peirce’s upper half, but I was pretty sure he was naked as well. 
I couldn’t remember what happened after Lation caught me in his gaze. I was pretty sure it was intentional. They wanted to knock me out, so I would get some rest. I wouldn’t have slept otherwise.
I closed my eyes as Lation laid gentle kisses along my shoulder. He nuzzled my neck gently. “Did you sleep well?” 
I smiled lazily as I lavished in the sensations his affection gave me. “I did,” I murmured. The memory of the previous night’s events darkened my mood. I sat up slowly. “I should check on Meg and Grace.” 
Lation caught my arm and pulled me back down on the bed. “Or you could stay here with us.” 
I pulled away. “You know I can’t.” I wanted to, but I wanted to check on Meg and Grace more. I climbed out of the bed. There was a pair of soft pants and a tee shirt lying on a chair. 
Lation watched me dress. “What happened to Meg and Grace wasn’t your fault.”
“I disagree.” I glanced at him. I didn’t want to argue about it. He wouldn’t make me feel any different. I knew Derrick only went after Meg’s family because of me. He didn’t say anything else, so I slipped out of the room.
I walked to Lacy’s door and knocked. No one answered, so I made my way to the stairs. The only other place I could think they would be was the kitchen. I was a little hungry myself, so I hurried down the stairs. I hesitated near the bottom when Devon stepped out of his office.
He walked toward me. A sympathetic smile formed on his lips. “Hailey, it is good to see you are okay.”
I watched him hesitantly. “I’m fine.” I wasn’t sure what to say to him. I was still angry, and I didn’t want to take it out on them, but it was difficult for me not to. They were the reason Meg’s parents were dead. If I had never met Lation, they never would’ve died.
“I am sorry to hear about your friend’s family.” He was hesitant, as if he sensed the tension in me. 
I looked away trying to come up with the right thing to say. To be honest, I didn’t have anything to say. I was still trying to process everything that happened. I was still in a state of shock to some degree. “Do you know what Derrick wants?” I looked back at him. I decided to try to find out what Derrick wanted instead of commenting on Meg’s family. 
“Unfortunately, I do not. All my attempts to communicate with him have been useless. I have no doubt you and Meg are safe here … I can assure you both of that,” he said confidently.
“I can’t stay here forever,” I said getting impatient. They seemed like they thought it would be okay just to keep me with them, but I wasn’t sure if I was okay with that. I liked them, but that didn’t mean I wanted to stay permanently. I wasn’t quite sure what was going on between me, Lation, and Peirce. I wasn’t sure I wanted to know. 
“Perhaps we will discuss this in more detail when things calm down. I believe Meg and Grace are in the kitchen. Why don’t you go check on them?” he suggested. I could tell by the tone of his voice that he was just trying to distract me.
“That’s what I was planning to do.” I decided to let it go for now. I wasn’t in the mood to argue with him anymore than he wanted to argue with me. I hurried past him toward the kitchen. I relaxed a little once I was away from him. I wasn’t sure what it was about them, but they all made me nervous. Lation and Peirce excited me to some degree, but I was also still nervous around them. 
I walked into the kitchen and the first person I saw was Meg. She was sitting at the table staring blankly at a coffee cup. Her eyes were red and puffy like she spent most of her time crying. Lacy was sitting across from her, but she didn’t appear to be saying anything. She was just watching Meg as if she was waiting for her to break. 
Alec was behind the counter cooking. I was pretty sure he was making pancakes. I suddenly wondered if vampires ate. I was pretty sure they didn’t, but I never really thought about it before. 
Grace was sitting at the counter watching Alec flip the pancakes, and Lilith was sitting next to Grace keeping a careful eye on her. 
Lacy’s gaze shifted to me when I moved further into the room. “Hey Hailey.” She was smiling slightly like she always seemed to do. 
“Hey,” I said nervously; and then I turned my attention to Meg. I moved toward the table and sat down in the chair next to her. “How are you, Meg?” I only hoped she hadn’t started hating me yet. I was terrified every time I approached her. I didn’t want her to hate me, but I couldn’t see how she couldn’t.
“I’m okay.” She continued to focus on her cup. Her voice was hollow. I could see why Lacy was watching her so closely. 
I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t want to try to tell her everything would be okay because it wasn’t. I didn’t want her to think I was brushing her parent’s death off either. I couldn’t imagine being in her position, I didn’t want to imagine it. 
“Breakfast is ready,” Alec said proudly before I could say anything. 
“I’m starving,” Grace said happily. She seemed like she was in a pretty good mood. I wasn’t entirely sure she really understood what happened, not like Meg did. 
“You should eat, Meg,” Lacy said gently. 
“Hailey, you should eat as well,” Lilith added as she helped Alec serve us all a plate of pancakes. 
My stomach was in knots. I wasn’t sure if I would be able to eat, but I was going to try. I was hungry a few minutes earlier, but after seeing Meg, I felt sick more than anything. 
I was surprised when Meg didn’t protest. She didn’t say much of anything, and that worried me more. Meg was always the talker out of the two of us. It was odd that she wasn’t speaking at all. 
Alec set a plate of food in front of Meg and me. He didn’t offer Lacy or Lilith any, so that answered my question. They obviously didn’t eat food like we did. Lilith busied herself with cutting Grace’s pancakes up. I watched her silently. She seemed like she was really good with children. 
Meg picked at her food, but she didn’t eat much. I did the same. The silence in the room was somewhat awkward. Grace was humming lightly as she ate her pancakes. There was so much I wanted to say, but I didn’t know where to start.
“Will we have a funeral for them?” Meg’s voice was close to a whisper. If the room wasn’t already relatively silent, then I wouldn’t have heard her. 
“Of course, darling. Devon is already planning everything,” Lilith reassured her. 
Meg seemed to relax a little. I wanted to ask how they were able to hide the fact that her parents were attacked by vampires, but I didn’t want to upset Meg. I decided I would save my questions for later when Meg wasn’t around.
“Can Hailey and I go back to school?” Meg asked after a few minutes. 
I think everyone was shocked by her question because we all glanced at one another. I thought school would be the last thing on her mind. It was the last thing on my mind anyway. 
Lilith hesitated. “I suppose you can go back as soon as you are ready. Lation will be there to make sure you are both safe.”
“I would like to go back tomorrow. Will you go with me, Hailey?” Meg looked at me for the first time. 
“Of course, if you want to. Don’t you think it is a little soon?” I asked worried.
She shook her head. “I want things to go back to normal. School is normal.”
I glanced at Lacy a little unsure. “I think it would be good to go back,” Lacy said agreeing with Meg.
Meg relaxed a little like she thought she would meet resistance from all of us. She went back to picking at her food. I couldn’t eat anymore. The longer I was around Meg, the guiltier I felt. 
I stood. “I’m going to shower.” I didn’t want to be in the room anymore. I needed to clean up anyway, maybe go to the coffee shop. Maybe Meg was right, normal would make things better. I picked up my plate and walked to the trash can. I cleared my plate and walked to the sink. 
“Could I speak with you alone for a moment?” Lilith asked, as I set my plate in the sink.
I nodded and followed her out of the kitchen. She walked down the hall, into a small sitting room. 
She turned and looked at me. “I was hoping to speak to you about Lation and Peirce.”
I looked at her confused. “Oh, what about?” I thought she would want to discuss what happened to Meg’s parents, not Lation and Peirce. 
“Have you chosen one?” she asked curiously.
“No, of course not. I can’t think about silly boys right now. I don’t know what I’m going to do about Meg. I feel so guilty I can barely stand to be in the same room with her.” I was getting slightly upset.
“You had no control over what happened to Meg’s parents. The sooner you realize that, the better you will feel. You cannot help Meg through this if you are putting the blame on yourself,” she said firmly.
“He hurt them because of me,” I said angrily.
“He hurt them because they were an easy target. You cannot change what happened, all you can do is move forward.” She continued to watch me.
“How? How do I pretend everything is fine?” I asked impatiently. She obviously had the answers I couldn’t find. 
She scowled slightly. “You don’t pretend anything. You move ahead instead of staying stuck. I think it will do you good to go back to school with Meg.”
“I don’t understand how I can just move ahead like nothing is wrong.” I was trying to keep my tone even. I was angry, and scared, and I hated it. 
“Distract yourself. Choose Lation or Peirce. Bonding with one of them will ease your fear. You will have to make the decision eventually,” she said softening her tone slightly. 
“I don’t want to bond with a vampire!” I was trying not to raise my voice, but she was starting to irritate me. She just wanted me to live the life they knew. I wasn’t sure if I wanted that. I was beginning to think I preferred when I was clueless about vampires’ existence.
“You act as if we are all monsters. I am afraid to be the one to tell you that you are wrong. One day, you will realize that.” She turned on her heal and marched out. 
I knew I upset her, and I suddenly felt bad. I sighed as I ran my fingers through my hair. I had no idea what I was going to do next. I decided to go with my original plan and go to my room to shower. I wanted to get away for a while, and the coffee shop would be the perfect way to do that. 
I hurried down the hall to the stairs. I was glad I didn’t run into anyone on the way to my room. I hesitated just outside my door. What if Lation and Peirce were still in there? I squeezed my eyes shut trying to prepare myself. I wasn’t ready to deal with the complications they would cause me. I opened the door and took a relieved breath when I saw the bed was empty. They both already left. I hated to say I was relieved, but I was. I needed to be alone. I needed to be able to think, and in order to do that I had to have a clear head. Lation and Peirce were too much of a distraction. 

Chapter 14

I sat on my bed trying to make sense of the last couple days. No matter how much I tried, I couldn’t. Nothing made sense; nothing about vampires existing seemed logical to me. I hadn’t spoken to anyone since Lilith, and I was glad they were all giving me space. My phone rang startling me a little. I looked down at my screen, it was my father. I considered ignoring it, but the thought of my father’s voice comforted me. 
“Hello.” I was trying not to sound too upset.
“Hailey, I heard about Meg’s family. Are you okay?” he asked worried. 
I was a little confused. “You did?” 
“Yes, of course. Mrs. Allen called us about the fire. They said Meg’s parents weren’t able to make it out.” He sounded a little confused himself. 
I hesitated, and then squeezed my eyes shut. “They didn’t.” That was the excuse they were using … a fire. I suppose it made sense. It would be easy to burn the house down in an attempt to cover up what happened. I wondered how much Devon and his family had to do with the cover up. I thought it would make me angry, but it didn’t. It made sense that they would fake a cause of death. 
“Is Meg okay?” he prodded.
“Of course not. She says she is, but I know she isn’t,” I said weakly. I felt a stray tear roll down my cheek. Thinking about it made me feel worse. I suddenly regretted answering the phone.
“Do you need us to come home?” He sounded even more worried.
“No!” I spoke a little quicker than I meant to. The last thing I wanted was for them to come home. What if Derrick went after them next? I didn’t know what he wanted, so I wasn’t sure how far he would go. “You should stay. I know you’re busy.” I was hoping he would agree.
He was silent for a moment. “I suppose if you’re sure you’re okay.”
“I’m positive. I’m fine.” I managed to sound more confident than I felt. 
“I will check in with you tomorrow. If you need me to come home, call me,” he said firmly.
“I will,” I promised. I was relieved he didn’t insist on coming home. I didn’t want to have to worry about him and my stepmother. I preferred they stayed away until I figured everything out. We said our goodbyes and he promised to call again. I knew he was worried about me, and it made me feel a little better. 
I set the phone on the bedside table and looked at the clock. It was a little after three. I still wanted to go to the coffee shop. I slowly stood, deciding I would go find someone to give me a ride to the coffee shop. I would walk if I had to, but I preferred not to. 
I gathered my things and stepped out into the hall. Peirce was walking toward me. I had a feeling he was coming to check on me. I figured someone would be coming to find me soon. 
He hesitated. “I was just coming to check in.”
“I’m fine. Could you give me a ride to the coffee shop?” I was hoping he wouldn’t argue with me. I wasn’t in the mood to argue. I just wanted to go somewhere where I felt a little more normal. I knew once I got there I wouldn’t feel any different, but I was hoping I did. 
He looked like he wanted to protest like I expected. “I suppose I could.” He spoke as if he was carefully considering my request. 
“I want to go.” I didn’t want to be told I couldn’t. I was afraid of Derrick, but I wasn’t going to hide in the Lockwood’s house because of him. 
He sighed like he knew I was going to be difficult. “I will take you. Alec is there, so I know you will be safe.” 
“Thanks,” I murmured and started walking toward the stairs. 
He fell into step beside me. I thought he would have more to say, but he was silent. He knew I wasn’t in the mood to talk. I was glad he understood me to some degree.
We stepped outside, and he opened the passenger door of his car for me. I slipped in the seat, and he shut the door. He walked around to his side and climbed in. Lation’s car wasn’t in the driveway and I found myself wondering where he was. 
“Where is Lation?” I asked as Peirce turned onto the street. 
He glanced at me. “He is with Devon. They are finishing up the details for Meg’s parent’s funeral.”
“Oh, when will it be?” I was trying to sound casual. I was starting to feel numb, and that bothered me more than the fear and uncertainty I felt. 
“Wednesday.” He didn’t add any additional details. 
That was the day after tomorrow. Meg wanted to go back to school in the morning. It was going to be hard for me. I couldn’t imagine how hard it would be for her. If I were her, I wouldn’t go back so soon, but I was going to go to support her. 
He broke the silence after a few minutes. “I heard you are returning to school tomorrow.” 
I glanced at him wondering what he was thinking. His face was unreadable, so I looked back out at the road. “Meg wants to go back. I think it’s too soon, but the others say it will be good for Meg.”
“It might be.” He sounded neither for, nor against the idea. He parked in front of the coffee shop, but I didn’t move to get out immediately.
“I don’t want to hide for the rest of my life because of Derrick.” I wasn’t looking at him. I wasn’t sure if I could keep my voice even if I looked at him.
He reached over and took my hand. He laid a gentle kiss on my knuckles. “I intend to take care of him. You will not have to worry about him for long.” He smiled slightly. 
I flushed under his green gaze. His tone was seductive every time he spoke to me. The tingling sensations that rushed through me were addictive. Part of me loved how he made me feel and another part of me was terrified. I wasn’t ready to bond with him or Lation, and I certainly didn’t want to be a vampire. Forever seemed too long, and it terrified me. 
“I should get inside.” I was trying to shake the feeling he gave me. I didn’t want to be distracted by him. I needed to keep a clear head. 
He smiled slightly like he knew the affect he had on me. “I’ll see you later this evening.”
“Okay.” I slipped my hand out of his. I climbed out of his car and hurried toward the coffee shop. Once I was safely inside, he pulled away from the curb. 
Alec smiled at me from behind the counter. He did seem like he was really enjoying the job. There were a couple people in the coffee shop, most of them were regulars. I noticed the odd looks they were giving me. I was sure they had questions about Meg’s parents, but they were questions I didn’t want to answer. 
Alec smiled. “You didn’t have to come in.”
I walked behind the counter. “I know. I just needed to get out of the house. I’m going crazy doing nothing.”
He nodded. “I can understand that.” He turned his attention to a couple that walked in the door. I walked to the back to get my apron. I didn’t really feel like being social. I was going to let Alec handle the customers. I would worry about cleaning and stocking everything. It was a monotonous task, but it gave me something to do … something other than worrying. 

Chapter 15

Time passed quickly and before I knew it, Alec was turning the sign and closing the shop. I looked up at the clock. It was almost nine. He waited until the last customers left before closing. The past two hours were relatively uneventful … at least they were for me. I focused on my tasks and kept to myself. It was nice to work for a couple hours without thinking about everything that happened. 
Alec glanced at me as he started counting the register. “Are you okay, Hailey?” 
I glanced up at him, then quickly went back to washing the table. “I’m fine. I’m going to finish cleaning up, then I’ll put the money in the safe and file the receipts.” I turned the conversation back to business.
He went back to his task. “Okay, I’ll be done soon.” 
I was relieved he didn’t prod. I wasn’t in the mood to talk yet. I wasn’t sure if I ever would be. 
The front door opened making me look up. Lation and Peirce walked in. I was a little surprised because I figured I would just get a ride back to the house with Alec.
I straightened as they walked in. “Is something wrong?” My first thought was that there was something wrong with Meg or Grace.
Peirce smiled slightly. “Not at all. We were just coming to give you a ride home.”
I looked at him a little confused. “Oh, okay. I’ll be finished soon.” I thought it was odd that they would both come. I walked toward the back office deciding I would just focus on getting done, then I would worry about Lation and Peirce. 
“Knock, knock.” Alec walked into the office and handed me the money. 
“Thanks,” I murmured as I opened the safe and put it inside. I would have to go to the bank tomorrow afternoon. Meg wanted to go back to school in the morning. The thought still didn’t sit well with me. I was hoping she would change her mind, but I doubted she would. 
“Hailey?” Alec said hesitantly.
I looked up at him. I didn’t even realize he was still in the room. I figured he walked back out after handing me the money. “What is it?”
“I was just going to say if you need me to tell Lation and Peirce to back off, I can. I know everything is difficult right now, and they aren’t making it any easier.” He sounded worried.
I smiled shaking my head. “They’re fine. If they get too annoying I’ll tell them myself, believe me.”
He smiled. “I figured you would, but I thought I would offer anyway. I’m going to get out of here. Do you need anything else?”
I shook my head. “I can get the rest. Thanks for helping out so much.” I was really glad to have him here. I didn’t know what I would do if he wasn’t. I was pretty sure I wouldn’t be able to keep the place open, then I would have hell to pay.
“Not a problem. I’ll see you at the house.” He winked and walked out, leaving me alone.
I knew Lation and Peirce were waiting up front for me. I didn’t want to keep them waiting too long. I removed my apron and gathered my things. I turned off all the lights and walked back to the front. 
Lation and Peirce were standing a slight distance from one another. They both looked like they were in a mood. A few minutes earlier they were smiling, and now they looked like they were fighting. 
I looked at them both slightly worried. “Everything okay?”
Peirce forced a smile. “Of course.”  
Lation rolled his eyes and muttered under his breath. Peirce shot him a look that suggested he should stop. Lation’s expression darkened. He stiffened like he was getting ready to fight. “I’m not your bitch, Peirce. You seem to be forgetting that.”
Peirce scowled as he turned toward Lation. He obviously didn’t like the way Lation responded to him. “You are pushing my patience, Lation. I suggest you stop while you are ahead.” 
I considered saying something, but I was tired, and I didn’t feel like mediating whatever spat they were having now. 
Lation suddenly lunged without saying a word. He knocked Peirce backward into the counter. Peirce responded with a swing of his own. I rolled my eyes and walked out the door. Neither of them noticed because they were locked in a battle.
I walked down the sidewalk toward the local ice cream shop. I heard the sound of breaking glass, but I ignored it. They could destroy the place for all I cared. I was going to get ice cream. It was a nice night for ice cream, and the ice cream shop stayed open for another hour or so. I was slightly worried about running into Derrick, but part of me didn’t care. I wasn’t going to cower and walk around with body guards twenty-four-seven. I would just have to be vigilant and hope he wasn’t around every corner.
I walked into the ice cream shop. Many of the local kids were hanging out. It was more popular than my stepmother’s coffee shop with the younger population. I tried not to make eye contact with anyone. I wasn’t in the mood to talk, and I knew they all wanted to talk about Meg’s family. I walked to the counter and ordered. 
The girl behind the counter went to my school, but I couldn’t recall her name. I want to say it was Cindy, but I wasn’t completely sure. 
“It’s five dollars and thirteen cents.” Her tone was overly cheery. 
I reached in my bag to get some money. 
“I’ve got it.” Trey offered the girl a ten.
I looked up at him a little surprised. “Thanks.” Trey and I dated for a while, but after we broke up we didn’t talk much. 
He smiled. “No problem. You want to come and sit with me?” He was a handsome guy we just had absolutely nothing in common.
“Yeah sure. I guess I could.” I accepted the cup of ice cream the girl handed me. I wasn’t sure how good of an idea it was, but it beat sitting alone. I followed him over to his table. He had papers spread out like he was doing homework
He gathered the papers, so I had room to sit. “Sorry, I’m studying for the algebra exam.”
I sat down across from him. “Ugh, I hate algebra.” I forgot I had an exam coming up as well. I was going to have to start studying too. 
He laughed. “I do too, but I want to get into medical school, so I have to have good grades.” 
I nodded. “I guess you do.”
He hesitated and glanced at me nervously. “So, I heard about Meg’s family. I didn’t see either of you in school today. I was going to call and check on you guys.”
“I’m fine. I’m just staying with Meg. She’s pretty rough, but she wants to go back to school tomorrow.” I picked at my ice cream as I spoke. 
He looked a little confused. “So soon?”
I nodded. “I think it’s too soon too, but she’s insisting.”
He was silent for a minute, and then he cleared his throat. “I heard the funeral is Wednesday. You’ll be there right?” 
I glanced at him, then nodded. “Of course. Are you going?” 
“I’m pretty sure the entire town is going,” he said quietly. “It really is terrible what happened.”
I knew he was talking about the supposed fire. I decided it would be best to avoid the subject because I didn’t know the details. “So have you picked a college yet?” I decided a change of subject would be nice. 
He scoffed. “I’ve applied and been accepted to several. I have no idea which one I want to attend. My parents and I have been visiting them on the weekends. I have to make a decision by October.”
“That soon?” I was a little surprised, we just started our school year a few weeks ago.
He nodded. “Yep. I have to have everything decided by then. I heard Meg chose a school. Do you know if she’s still going?”
I shook my head. “Grace is here, so I’m sure she’ll consider that. I doubt she’ll want to leave her behind, but you never know.” I hadn’t spoken to Meg about much. Her life was upside down right now. I doubted she wanted to make any of these decisions. 
My phone rang startling me a little. I was a little surprised to see it was Lilith. I thought Lation or Peirce would call once they figured out I walked off. “I have to get this,” I said apologetically.
Trey smiled. “Go ahead.”
I quickly answered the phone. “Hello.” 
“Hailey, where are you?” Lilith’s tone was bordering on annoyed.
“The ice cream shop downtown, why?” I was trying to sound as casual as possible. 
“You know why. Stay there. Peirce is on his way.” She hung up without waiting for a reply.
I rolled my eyes and put my phone back in my purse. Lilith reminded me of my stepmother at times. She always sounded like she was chiding me.
Trey’s brow furrowed with worry as he watched me. “Is something wrong?” 
I forced a smile as I shook my head. “Nope, just my ride coming to get me.”
“Oh, I could’ve given you a ride.” He continued to watch me, making me a little more nervous. 
“It’s fine. Peirce is in the area; I’m sure.” Just as I said it, the door jingled, and everyone turned their attention to Peirce as he walked in. He had that effect wherever he went. 
I sighed as I stood and gathered my things. I smiled at Trey. “Thanks for the ice cream.”
He pulled his gaze from Peirce and forced a smile as he stood. “Any time, and if you need anything, don’t hesitate to call.”
I smiled. “I won’t.” I tossed my bowl into the trash as I made my way over to Peirce. He was standing near the front door. He looked a little ruffled, but otherwise gorgeous as always. 
Peirce scowled at me as he held the door for me. I gave Trey a small wave, and he waved back. I walked outside to Peirce’s waiting car.
Peirce looked down at me as he held the car door open for me. “You aren’t supposed to run off like that.”
“If you and Lation weren’t having a tantrum, I wouldn’t have,” I countered as I climbed into the front seat.
He muttered something, but I didn’t catch what he said because he shut the door. He walked around to his side and climbed in. “Who was the boy?” he asked curtly as he set off toward his house.
I shrugged as I watched the scenery fly by. “Just a friend from school.” 
He didn’t say anything else. He just looked straight ahead as he drove the short distance to the house. 
I looked at him as he turned into the driveway. “You didn’t have to come get me. I was fine.”
His expression darkened as he glanced at me. “I wanted to come and get you, and Derrick is still out there, or have you forgotten?” 
“Maybe I just don’t care,” I said absently, and then I opened my door and climbed out. 
“You don’t care?” he asked skeptically as he followed me toward the house.
I sighed. “I told you, I’m not hiding.”
“There is a difference between hiding and taking precautions.” He caught my hand forcing me to stop walking.
I looked up at him, scowling slightly. “So what? I have to have a babysitter wherever I go now?” I was trying not to falter under his green gaze, but it was difficult. 
His expression softened as he brushed his fingertips across my cheek. He closed the space between us, making my pulse quicken. “I am begging you to give me time to find Derrick. I will make him disappear, but I cannot be worrying about you all the time. Please, Hailey, stay where you are safe until he is taken care of.” His voice was a seductive whisper. The way he was touching me and speaking made my skin tingle. My heart was racing like I ran a marathon. My eyes were locked with his. I couldn’t look away no matter how much I wanted to. 
I sighed, relenting. “Just until you find him.”
A slight smile played at his lips. “Yes, which will be soon. I promise.” He won, and he knew it. All he had to do was touch me and I folded. His lips brushed mine, making me gasp. I closed my eyes as pleasure rushed over me. He deepened the kiss pulling me tightly against his body. I melted into him savoring the taste of his lips and tongue. His kiss was always breathtakingly passionate. 
Someone cleared their throat, startling me a little. I pulled away from Peirce and looked at Lation. I was a little wide-eyed and flushed. It was embarrassing that he caught us, and my cheeks reddened more. 
“I’m going to check on Meg.” I hurried past Lation into the house. 
I was relieved to be in the house away from them both. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do about them. I didn’t want to commit to either one of them, but I couldn’t keep my hands off them when they touched me either. It was a very confusing feeling.
I hurried to Lacy’s room. I figured I would start there since Meg seemed to be sticking close to Lacy. I knocked and listened. 
“Come in,” Meg’s voice echoed through the door.
I opened the door and slipped into the room. Meg was alone. She was sitting on the bed. There were books and papers spread out in front of her. I was pretty sure it was homework. 
I watched her cautiously as I walked over to the bed. “Hey.”
She glanced up briefly. “Hey.”
I sat down on the edge of the bed. “What are you doing?” 
“Kelly brought me the homework I missed today.” She didn’t bother looking up. She was completely focused on her task. 
“Oh.” I wasn’t sure what else I should say. 
“You’re still coming with me tomorrow, right?” She looked up meeting my eyes for the first time.
“Of course.” I reached out and touched her hand. “I just hope you’re sure you’re ready.”
She nodded. “I’m fine. There’s no sense in getting behind. My parents wouldn’t have wanted that.” She sounded more confident than she looked.
I sighed. “I suppose you’re right. Well, I’m going to get ready for bed. I would like to go to bed early since we’ll have an early start.”
She nodded. “I won’t be up much longer either.”
I stood deciding to leave her to herself. I walked out of the room. I stood in the hall debating on what I should do next. Before I could decide Lilith appeared at the top of the stairs. She was carrying Grace to bed. 
“We need to talk,” she said curtly as she walked past me.
I rolled my eyes and followed her down the hall. I knew there was no point in arguing with her. She opened one of the doors and walked into the bedroom. It was made up for a little girl. I was sure Grace loved it. Lilith lay Grace in the bed and covered her. 
I started talking when she didn’t speak immediately. “Lation and Peirce started fighting, so I just went to get some ice cream. I don’t see what the big deal is.”
Lilith glanced at me as she brushed Grace’s hair out of her face. “That is not what I want to discuss.” She didn’t elaborate immediately. “Come, we will go downstairs. I would like some wine.” She made her way toward the door. 
I followed her out of Grace’s room, and down the stairs. She walked to the kitchen. I sat down at the bar while she went to work getting us both a glass of wine. 
“Grace seems to be taking things well.” I was trying to make conversation. She wasn’t speaking, so I figured I would start the conversation.
Lilith glanced at me as she poured the wine. “Meg asked me to make Grace forget that night. She knows her parents are gone, but she does not have the memory of their death.”
“That’s probably best.” I thought about it, and they were right, Grace was too young to remember seeing her parents die like that. 
“We all agreed it was.” She set a wine glass in front of me. “I was hoping to discuss your future plans.” 
I looked at her a little confused. “I don’t have any.”
“I am aware of that. Normally humans do not make this such a decision process. They meet a vampire they like, and they bond with him or her, it is that simple,” she said firmly.
“It is not,” I countered. “There are other things to consider like my parents. What happens to them?”
She hesitated. “That is partially what I hoped to discuss. Both Devon and I believe it would be best if they stayed away for now. Devon could convince them to stay where they are until we are sure it is safe for them to come back.”
“What about the house and the coffee shop?” I was a little confused. I didn’t see how they could just drop everything. 
“They can manage the coffee shop from afar, and we will maintain the house. It is what is best. You need to remain with us, and they will only get in the way and possibly get hurt if they come back.” Her tone suggested she didn’t want to argue. It was obvious they already made up their mind, they just wanted me on board. 
“I suppose it will be better for them to be where they are safe,” I said thoughtfully. I didn’t want them to end up like Meg’s parents because of me. 
“I agree. I will tell Devon to call them. We just wanted to make you aware of what we planned before we did anything.” She moved around the counter as she spoke. She seemed like she was in a hurry to give Devon my consent.
I nodded. “Thanks.” I took a sip of my wine. She walked out of the kitchen leaving me alone. I spun the wine glass between my fingers as I thought about my parents. I could always go visit them. It was strange, everything had changed so much almost overnight. 
“You look like you are plotting something,” Peirce whispered, startling me a little. He was right behind me. He was so close his lips brushed my neck. I didn’t even hear him approach. The thought was a little unsettling.
My cheeks reddened just from his closeness. “I was thinking, not plotting,” I corrected. 
“What were you thinking?” He took the wine glass from my hand. He took a sip as his green eyes remained on me. 
I sighed. “I was thinking about how much things have changed overnight.”
“And you think that is a bad thing?” He set the wine glass back in front of me.
I shrugged as I looked back at the glass. “I guess I haven’t decided yet.” 
He was still standing close to me. His presence was both comforting and disturbing. He made me feel things I wasn’t used to. I wasn’t entirely sure I would ever get used to the feelings he gave me. He touched my hair, gently running his fingers through it. “I could help with that decision.” His voice was a low, seductive whisper.
“Or, you could give her space to breathe instead of constantly bombarding her,” Lation growled. He was standing just inside the doorway. I didn’t even realize he was there, and I was pretty sure Peirce didn’t see him either. 
Peirce straightened and scowled. “You could make yourself disappear.”
Lation scoffed. “And leave you alone with her? No thank you. I may be younger than you, but I’m not dumber.”
“That is up for debate,” Peirce said dryly. 
Lation balled his hands into fists like he was considering attacking Peirce again.
I scowled in annoyance. “If you two start fighting again, neither of you will be allowed around me.” I took another sip of my wine, deciding to try to ignore them both. 
“We aren’t going to fight,” Peirce said firmly. I could tell he was saying it more to Lation than me. 
“No, we aren’t,” Lation agreed as he moved closer to me. “Devon said you and Meg are going back to school tomorrow.” He was changing the subject, which was a relief. 
I sighed heavily. “She hasn’t changed her mind. She’s upstairs doing homework.”
“I’ll be there with you,” Lation said as if he was reassuring me.
“I know. I’m not worried about that. I’m more worried about Meg. I really don’t think she’s ready to go back. She almost seems like she is ignoring what happened.” I stared at my wine glass. 
Peirce rested his hand on my lower back. “I think it is up to her. Her way of moving on is moving forward.”
Lation scoffed. “You would say that.”
Peirce scowled, but he didn’t immediately comment. 
I stood, deciding I had enough conversation for one night. “I think I’m going to go to bed.” I didn’t want to listen to them argue. I was tired, and I needed to get up early anyway. I carried my glass to the sink. I turned and looked at both of them. It was a little awkward, the night before I slept in the same bed as both of them. Before ending up in bed with them, we did more than I had ever done with a man. Of course a lot had happened to put me in the state of mind where I just didn’t care. Now, I knew it was a bad idea. It would only make them fight more. 
“I’ll see you in the morning,” Lation said looking a little worried. I was sure he wanted an invitation to my bed, but I wasn’t ready to openly invite him or Peirce for that matter.
Peirce didn’t seem worried or upset, in fact, he looked a little amused. His green eyes sparkled like he knew what I was thinking. Hell … I really wasn’t sure what I was thinking. I quickly snapped out of it. “I’ll see you guys in the morning.” I hurried out of the kitchen. I hated awkward situations, and it was definitely awkward.
I hurried upstairs to my room. I was a little relieved I didn’t run into anyone else. I considered checking on Meg one last time, but I decided against it. I didn’t want to wake her if she already went to bed. I went into my room and tried to talk myself into sleeping. Tomorrow was going to be a long day and I wasn’t looking forward to it. 

Chapter 16

I was surprised I slept so soundly. I didn’t wake up until my alarm on my phone started going off. I slowly sat up. I was still not looking forward to going back to school. Part of me was hoping Meg changed her mind, but I knew better. Meg was determined. I sighed as I got to my feet. I made my way to the bathroom and started the shower.
I took my time getting dressed. I got up a little earlier then I had to. I wanted to prepare myself mentally for the day. I decided to go casual like I usually did when I went to school … jeans, a tank top, and a light jacket. I did light makeup and pinned my hair up. 
Once I was sure I was ready to face the day, I grabbed my backpack and stepped out of my room. Meg was coming out of Lacy’s room.
She looked up at me and forced a smile. “I was just coming to see if you were ready.”
“I am. Is Lation ready?” I walked toward the stairs.
She fell into step beside me. “I’m not sure. I thought you and Lation …” she trailed off like she wasn’t sure if she should continue. 
“We aren’t seeing each other.” I was trying to sound as casual as possible.
“Oh, are you seeing Peirce then?” She looked a little confused.
I shook my head. “Things are too complicated right now. I can’t focus on trying to have a relationship, especially not with a vampire.”
She rolled her eyes. “You’re always making excuses not to date.”
I scowled slightly. “This isn’t exactly an easy situation. A little while ago vampires were a figment of my imagination, and now we live with them.”
She sighed. “It does seem strange … almost unreal.”
I didn’t respond. She was right … it was almost unreal. I felt crazy, and that was one of the reasons I was having such a hard time with everything. I followed Meg into the kitchen. The table was already set with breakfast. Meg sat down next to Grace. Grace was smiling and humming like she always seemed to be. 
Lilith was watching over Grace from her position behind the counter. She was cutting more fruit. I sat down across from Meg and picked some fruit off the plate. Meg remained silent, so I did too. 
“I believe Lation is ready when you two are,” Lilith said casually as she put more fruit on the plate.
Meg quickly stood. “I’m ready.” It was obvious she wanted to get on with the day.
I got to my feet and followed her out of the kitchen. She walked quickly to the foyer. Lation was leaning against the wall. He straightened when he saw us. “Ready?”
“Yep.” Meg sounded a lot happier than she looked. 
Lation raised his eyebrows in surprise at her tone. He glanced at me, and I shrugged and followed Meg out the door. I was a little concerned because she seemed too excited to be going back to school. She was acting strange, and it bothered me. 
Meg climbed into the backseat, and I climbed into the passenger seat. Lation got in and started the car. He didn’t say anything. I wasn’t sure what to say either. The silence was annoying. I was glad the ride was short. 
Lation parked and I climbed out. Meg climbed out after me. She made a beeline for the front doors. I stayed behind and waited for Lation to get out of the car.
“She’s acting a little off.” His eyes were on Meg as he spoke.
“I know, but I don’t know what to say.” I was at a loss. 
Lation and I walked slowly toward the school. I wasn’t looking for the hours spent listening to my teachers drone on. I was glad Lation was with me. Meg was acting so distant. I knew she was hurting, and I didn’t know how to help her. I hated the feeling of helplessness. 
“Are you okay?” Lation held the door open for me.
“Yep, I’m good.” I forced a smile. I didn’t want to be here, and he knew it. He didn’t pry, which was a relief.

I kept a close eye on Meg all day. She sat next to me and Lation. Kelly sat next to her, which was a little annoying. It seemed like Kelly was trying to steal my friend, and I didn’t like it. I was still worried about how Meg felt about me, and Kelly wasn’t making it easier on me. 
After school, Lation, Meg, and I walked to his car. I was in a bad mood. Lation was in somewhat of a silent mood, and Meg seemed a little too happy.
“Can you drop me off at the coffee shop?” I asked once we were all settled in the car. I needed the distraction of work to clear my head.
“Yeah, I’m going to drop Meg at the house first. Alec is busy, so I’ll stay with you,” Lation continued to stare straight ahead. He wasn’t asking my permission, he was telling me what was going to happen. It was obvious he wasn’t going to back down, so there was no point in arguing.
I decided it wasn’t worth fighting him over. They were all determined to protect me. I wouldn’t be able to stop them no matter what I did, so I might as well accept it.
He pulled up to the house and I climbed out, so Meg could get out. She waved at me, then she hurried into the house. I got back in the car, and Lation set off for the coffee shop. 
He reached out and touched my hand. I looked at him and he smiled. “You’re making me worry.”
I looked at him confused. “Why?” 
He raised his eyebrows. “You’re getting more distant by the hour.”
I sighed and looked back out the window. “I don’t know what to do.” 
“There’s nothing you can do,” he said firmly.
“You see how she’s acting. She has to hate me. I don’t understand how she doesn’t.” I was annoyed now.
“I don’t think she does. Just give her time. She has to handle this in her own way, just like you are handling it in your way.” He squeezed my hand gently. 
I nodded. “I know.”
He parked in front of the coffee shop, and I climbed out. He followed me inside. Linda was counting her drawer in anticipation of my arrival. Lation sat down at a table while I went over everything with Linda. 
Once Linda left, I focused on restocking everything for the after-dinner rush. Lation flipped through a magazine. I thought it was slightly amusing that he was going to stay here the whole time. It seemed like a big waste of his time. I considered telling him that, but I knew he wouldn’t care. He would stay no matter what I said. 
The door jingled, and I looked up like I usually did. Trey walked in and smiled at me. I hesitated, glancing at Lation. He was scowling as he watched Trey approach the counter. We all went to school together, so he knew Trey and I dated before. I was hoping Lation wouldn’t be difficult. 
Trey smiled at me. “Hey Hailey.”
I smiled nervously back at him. “Hey, what can I get you?” 
“Nothing, I was just checking on you. I saw you at school, but I didn’t get a chance to check in.” He shoved his hands in his pockets. He was nervous, and I was a little worried he was about to ask me out. 
I shrugged. “Oh, I’m good. I was just distracted today. I was trying to keep up with Meg and everything.” I noticed Lation stood. He looked like he did whenever Peirce came around. He was already going on the offensive. 
Trey hesitated. “I was wondering if you wanted to hang out once you get off work. Maybe we could study algebra or something.” 
“I am actually busy tonight.” I inadvertently glanced at Lation. I didn’t want him starting a fight. He hadn’t moved, but he still looked annoyed. 
Trey followed my gaze and his eyes widened. “Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize …” he started, but I cut him off.
“It’s okay really. Thanks for checking on me.” I was trying to ease his embarrassment. 
He smiled nervously as he ran his fingers through his hair. “Yeah, well … I will see you at school then.”
I nodded. “Have a good night.”
He turned and hurried out. I felt a little bad about the whole thing. I liked Trey, but I wasn’t interested in him romantically. “You could not act like you’re going to kill him,” I said haughtily as I glared at Lation.
“He knows we’re basically seeing each other,” he countered.
“We are not dating,” I snapped. I don’t know why the fact that he was claiming me annoyed me so much. Lation and Peirce were constantly competing to claim me. Maybe a lot of girls liked that, but I didn’t. It worried me, especially since they weren’t exactly human.
Lation’s expression darkened. “I don’t understand why you’re being like this. I don’t get why you think it would be so terrible to be with me.”
“I don’t think it would be terrible. I just …” I started, but he cut me off.
“I know, I know. I’m a vampire. I get it Hailey,” he growled. 
Before I could defend myself or say anything else, he was gone. I hated when they did that. It seemed so unfair because it was an easy escape. I didn’t have that luxury. I was sure I could get it, I would just have to agree to be a vampire. I didn’t see myself doing that any time soon.
I cursed in annoyance and went back to work. If he wanted to be difficult, then he could be. I didn’t care. I was tired of worrying about what everyone else thought. I worried enough about Meg as it was. I didn’t need to worry about Lation too.

Chapter 17

It didn’t take long for Peirce to arrive once Lation left. He walked in the door smiling. I was sure Lation told him all about our spat. The only time they got along was when I was disagreeing with one or both of them.
“Don’t say anything,” I ordered as I went back to work stocking the teas. 
He raised his hands. “I hadn’t planned on it.” His smug look irritated me more, but I ignored it and focused on my task.
He took a seat at one of the tables, obviously taking over the guard position Lation vacated not too long ago. 
I looked over at him occasionally. He was incredibly beautiful. He looked so perfect and regal. He looked like he belonged in a magazine. He wasn’t paying any attention to me. He seemed like he was okay with giving me space. He got close to me occasionally, but he didn’t push like Lation did. I was thankful for that. 
“How mad is he?” I asked trying to make conversation.
He glanced at me, then back at the magazine. “On a scale from one to ten, I would say a good twenty.” He was taking way too much pleasure in his words.
I rolled my eyes. “I didn’t mean to hurt his feelings.”
“Yes, well we do some of the worst things without meaning to.” He continued to pay attention to the magazine. He didn’t seem like he was in a talkative mood.
I glanced at the clock and it was only six. I really didn’t want to be here anymore. There were hardly any customers to distract me, and I already cleaned and stocked every possible item. The problem was I didn’t want to go back to the house either. 
“Peirce?” I asked casually as I looked over at him.
He looked up at me. “What?” I actually had his full attention, which was a first for the night. 
I held his gaze even though it was difficult. “Will you take me somewhere?” 
He raised his eyebrows and his lips turned up into a playful smile. “Where would you like to go, love?” I had his full attention now. 
I shrugged. “Away from here, but I don’t want to go to the house either.”
“I suppose we could find something to entertain us.” He set his magazine aside as he stood. 
“Good. I’ll get my things.” I hurried around the counter to the back office. I tossed my apron on the chair and grabbed my purse. I hurried back out to the front and Peirce was waiting for me.
He held the door open for me and I walked out. He followed me out, and I locked the door behind us. He walked to his car and opened my door for me. I slipped in the passenger seat and he shut the door without a word.
I was excited. I wasn’t sure why, but the familiar feeling of my heart starting to race, and my face flushing confirmed my excitement. I wanted to ask him where he was taking me, but I decided to let it be a surprise. I would find out when I got there. 
Peirce drove deeper into downtown. I was a little surprised. I thought he might go somewhere a little more private. He parked in front of condos nestled right in the middle of everything. He didn’t say anything as he turned the car off and climbed out. He walked around to my side and opened the door for me. He offered me his hand, and I slipped my hand in his. The touch of his hand made my pulse quicken again. 
He smiled like he knew exactly what I was feeling. “I am going to show you my home away from home.”
He led me up the path to the door. We walked into a small entryway, and there was a set of stairs right in front of us. He led me up the stairs to another room. He retrieved a key without letting my hand go. He unlocked the door and led me into the room. 
I was a little caught off guard by the place. It was a wide-open room. It looked almost as if the walls had all been removed intentionally. The wall on one side of the room was windows. The floor was a beautiful dark wood. One section of the huge room was empty. The side closest to us had a couch. There was a chair in front of an easel, and along the wall there was a full bar. 
“This place is amazing.” I released his hand and walked deeper into the room.
“No one at home knows about it. I would like to keep it that way. It is my escape when they all get too much to be around,” he said dryly.
“What do you do here?” I asked curiously as I looked back at him.
He smiled as he walked over to the bar. He picked a remote up off the counter and hit a button. The sound of low music came on. “It is a dance studio slash art studio.” He moved toward me and offered me his hand. 
My eyes widened in surprise. “I can’t dance.”
He laughed. “I will teach you.” The sparkle in his eyes made my cheeks flush.
I took his hand. He suddenly pulled me against his chest. The sudden closeness made me gasp. I was speechless, as I looked up in his brilliant emerald eyes. I felt like I should say something, but I knew I wouldn’t be able to form the words even if I tried. 
He suddenly started to move. We were spinning across the room in time with the music. He was an amazing dancer, at least I thought he was. He was so amazing I barely made any mistakes. I followed his movements and somehow everything fell into place. After a few minutes, I started to relax and enjoy the relentless moving and spinning. He led me with ease, dipping me and spinning me until I was breathless.
He suddenly stopped when the music did. I was panting and red faced. He was perfect as always. He was nowhere near in the same state I was. My hair had fallen down a while ago when he dipped me extremely low. I was out of breath, but I was extremely happy. I had so much fun dancing with him. It was hard for me to hide my excitement. 
He smiled down at me as he brushed my cheek with his fingers. “You are beautiful.”
I was suddenly shy. I looked away, and quickly stepped back. “You’re an amazing dancer.” Something about being completely alone with him made me incredibly antsy and excited. I wasn’t sure if I wanted something to happen between us, then again, I wasn’t so sure I didn’t. I couldn’t say I wasn’t attracted to him because that would be a lie. 
“I have had years of practice.” He walked to the bar to make us drinks.
I was glad he didn’t take offense to me stepping away from him. It was somewhat of a reflex. I didn’t mean it to be offensive, but I suddenly wondered if my actions offended him. I tried to brush the feeling off as I sat down on the couch and looked around at the walls. There was a ton of artwork. It was all hand painted, and it all looked like a professional did it. “Did you paint all these?” I asked as I looked at each one.
“Yes,” he said as he focused on his task.
“They’re all so different. Most artists focus on one area,” I said trying to make conversation.
He walked over to me and handed me a drink. I smiled nervously as I accepted.
“I like painting anything that inspires me.” He sat down next to me. He smiled playfully, and I quickly focused on my drink. 
I couldn’t think straight when he looked at me a certain way. I tried to avoid looking in his eyes at times because he made me feel like a silly girl with a crush. “They are all beautiful,” I said absently as I glanced around the room.
He reached out and brushed a loose strand of my hair behind my ear. My eyes locked with his. Something about the way he touched me made me look at him. His expression was suddenly serious. Moments ago, it was amused; I wasn’t sure what changed. 
He leaned into me and took the drink from my hand. He set it on the table before closing the space between us. He pressed his lips to mine in a gentle kiss. I was a little caught off guard because his kisses were usually passionate and rough. I closed my eyes as his lips teased mine. The pressure of his body against mine pressed me down. He settled over me, and I relaxed as his gentle kiss consumed me. He broke the kiss and leaned closer to me. His lips brushed my ear making me groan in excitement. My fingers were tangled in his shirt. “I would like your permission to feed from you.” 
Pleasure surged through me. I wanted to say yes. I wanted to beg for his bite, but I couldn’t find the words, all I could do was nod. His lips brushed my neck and I gasped as the anticipation started to drive me mad. I could tell he was taking great pleasure in what he was doing. The slight pinch of his fangs brought a rush of relief. The pleasure I was anticipating hit me full force. My grip on his shirt tightened. His body pressed into me. The feel of his defined body and the pressure of his cock straining against his pants was all I could think about. I wanted him, he was all I could think about. 
Suddenly, he released my neck. I pressed my lips to his before he could pull away. The metallic taste of my blood sent a rush of fear and excitement through me. I knew how dangerous he was. I knew how dangerous they all were, yet I still let myself be vulnerable to him. 
He pulled away. “Slow down, love.”
“I don’t want to slow down,” I pouted as I shifted my hips. His erection pressed into me, and he laughed as he shifted to a more appropriate position. “Don’t act like you don’t want me.” I was slightly annoyed by his sudden rejection.
He laughed again. “Oh I want you in so many different ways, but …” he started but he trailed off as he looked down at me.
“But what?” I asked impatiently.
“But, I do not think this is a good idea.” He sat up. 
I scowled slightly as I sat up too. “You started it,” I said slightly offended. 
“Yes, and I apologize.” He stood. I knew he was trying to put space between us.
“I thought you wanted …” I started confused, but I trailed off.
“It isn’t about what I want, love. It is about what you want, and I am not completely convinced you want this.” He continued to watch me.
“I do want this. I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t,” I argued. 
He smiled like he thought I was being cute. “I don’t just want sex, Hailey. I want all of you.”
I stiffened slightly. “You want to bond.” My voice sounded more disgusted than I meant for it to.
“That is why it is not a good idea.” He walked back over to the bar to make himself another drink. 
I was getting more annoyed by the second. “Why does it have to be that way? Why can’t we just get to know one another?”
“Because things are different in my world. I know you don’t understand that, but eventually you will. Vampires do not have human lovers that are not bound to them.” He spoke without looking up from his task. 
“Things don’t always have to be exactly the same. Why can’t there be exceptions?” I asked confused. 
“Because there aren’t.” His tone was suddenly clipped. He glanced at his watch. “We should get back before they worry.”
I knew he was ending the conversation. He wasn’t going to agree to what I wanted. He was set in his ways. I slowly stood and retrieved my purse off the side table. My good mood was suddenly shattered into a million pieces. I was ready to be with him, but he said no. It hurt my feelings a little, but I wasn’t going to let him know that. 
He walked to the door and held it open for me. I walked out and made my way down the stairs. He moved in front of me and opened the door at the bottom of the stairs as well. I stepped out into the night air and waited for him to lead me to the car. He held my door and I slipped in without meeting his gaze. I was both hurt and embarrassed, and I didn’t like the feeling. 
I watched out the window the short drive to the house. I didn’t bother trying to make conversation. It was awkward between us now, and I hated it. As soon as he parked the car, I climbed out and hurried toward the house. I arranged my hair, so it covered the bite on my neck. Somehow, I felt slutty, even though earlier everything felt right. 
I made a beeline for the stairs as soon as I walked in the door. I wasn’t in the mood to deal with anyone. I knew I should go check on Meg, but I wasn’t in the mood. I hurried up the stairs, then down the hall toward my room.
“Hailey?” Lilith’s voice startled me.
I spun around and glared at her. “You scared me.”
She smiled like she thought it was amusing. “I apologize. Is everything okay?”
“Yes, just fine. How are Meg and Grace?” I decided to change the subject.
“Grace is already in bed, and Meg is out with Lacy.” She continued to watch me with a curious expression. “Alec stopped by the coffee shop. He said it was closed early. He was concerned, but I knew you were with Peirce, so I told him not to worry.”
“Yeah, there wasn’t much going on.” I crossed my arms, leaning against the door. I wasn’t sure what she wanted, but I knew she wasn’t talking to me because she was interested in what I had to say.
“Lation seemed to be in a mood. I figured it had something to do with you and Peirce leaving together.” She was trying to sound as nonchalant as possible. 
“Lation is mad about Trey and the fact that I don’t want to bond. Peirce came after Lation ditched me,” I corrected. 
“Who is Trey?” she asked confused.
“My ex-boyfriend. Why does it matter?” I was getting impatient.
She watched me for a moment, then she shrugged. “I suppose it doesn’t. I will see you in the morning.” She turned and made her way back toward the stairs. 
I rolled my eyes and slipped into my room. I really wasn’t in the mood for Lilith. It took all my patience to stand there and talk to her. I hated that I felt that way. I knew she had done nothing but look out for me, but I was in a foul mood after my encounter with Peirce.

Chapter 18

I didn’t get any sleep. I tossed and turned all night thinking about how I made a fool out of myself in front of Peirce. I didn’t understand why he suddenly mattered so much. It was almost as if I let him go to my head. I was trying to avoid doing that because that led to complications, and I didn’t need any more complications.
My phone alarm chimed, and I reached over and turned it off. I wasn’t asleep anyhow. I was just staring at the ceiling trying to play back everything that happened. It seemed like a bad movie when I thought about it. Today was Meg’s parent’s funeral. I wasn’t looking forward to it. I knew it was starting around ten. It was only six now, so I had a few hours to prepare. 
I decided to start with a shower, then I would go from there. I walked into the bathroom and started the shower. I stayed in as long as I could stand. I was hoping the hot water would clear my head, but somehow it only made me more confused. I couldn’t stop thinking about Peirce. Part of me wanted to agree to a bond simply so I could be with him. I knew it was insane, and that scared me more. 
I cursed and turned the water off. I climbed out of the shower and dried my hair, then I wrapped the towel around my body. I stepped out into my room. I hesitated when my eyes met Alec’s. He was sitting in a chair not far from the bed. 
He didn’t seem overly concerned that I was wearing nothing but a towel. “Lilith wanted me to bring you a dress to wear.” He nodded toward the dress lying on the bed.
“Oh, thanks.” I moved further into the room. I walked over to the bed and looked down at the dress. It was a simple black dress that would be perfect for the funeral. 
“Are you okay?” Alec asked sounding concerned. 
I nodded as I sat down on the bed. I folded my hands in my lap and looked down at them. I wasn’t sure I was in the mood to talk. Alec made it easier to talk than any of them. I felt comfortable around him. “I’m just trying to adjust, I guess.”
“I heard you and Lation are fighting, and Lilith seems to think something has happened between you and Peirce.” I could tell he was looking for answers.
I rolled my eyes. “I don’t want to bond with either of them, and they are taking it personally. I don’t understand how they don’t see what they are asking is serious. They think it means nothing to just commit to someone like that. I like them a lot, but I would like to get to know them before I commit.” I looked up at him and he was smiling like he thought it was amusing. “Why are you smiling? This isn’t funny,” I pouted. 
He sighed as he stood. “It is, and it isn’t. Lation and Peirce have bonded with others over the years. They are just not used to being rejected. When a vampire bonds with a human that human immediately becomes that vampire’s biggest fan. If they can’t bond with you, they can’t make you love them like they are used to. They would have to work to impress you, and that’s something they haven’t done since they were human. Does that make sense?” 
I looked away as I thought about what he was saying. “I guess it does, but that doesn’t make me want to bond with them any more than I did before.”
He sat down next to me and took my hand in his. He squeezed my hand gently, prompting me to look at him. “If they can’t be what you want, it is best that you just move on.”
I scoffed. “It isn’t that easy.”
He smiled and stood. “It is easier than giving up what you want and being what you aren’t. I’ll leave you to get dressed. I just wanted to talk to you before you made any serious decisions.”
I nodded and forced a smile. “Thanks.”
He walked out leaving me alone to dress. I knew he was right, but I still wasn’t sure how I was going to stay resolute in my beliefs when I couldn’t get Peirce out of my head.
I focused on getting dressed instead of worrying about the men in my life. I walked over to the mirror and looked myself over. My hair was pinned up and I put light makeup on. I wore a simple pearl necklace that was lying on the dress. I looked pretty decent. If the occasion wasn’t a funeral, I would’ve felt a lot better. 
I sighed and turned away from the mirror. I glanced at the clock. It was a little after eight. I decided to go check on Meg. I was sure she was having an especially difficult time today. I stepped out of my room. The house was surprisingly quiet. I walked toward Lacy’s room. I was pretty sure Meg was staying with her. They hadn’t mentioned moving her, at least not to me. I hesitated in front of the door when I saw it was cracked. I heard Lacy’s low voice saying something. I was sure she was saying something comforting to Meg. I wasn’t sure if I should intrude. I peeked through the crack in the door. 
Lacy was standing in front of Meg. It looked like she was fixing Meg’s hair. Meg’s eyes were all red and puffy like she’d been crying. I tried to swallow the lump in my throat. I wasn’t sure if I could handle seeing Meg cry. Lacy brushed her fingers across Meg’s cheek affectionately. It reminded me of how Peirce touched me. Lacy slowly moved forward and pressed her lips to Meg’s lips. I quickly stepped away deciding I should leave. Whatever was happening between them was too private for me to see without their permission. 
I walked quickly toward the stairs. I had to admit I was a little shocked. I never thought Meg liked girls, but then again, she didn’t date much. Maybe I just missed it. I turned to go down the stairs and nearly ran into Peirce. 
“Sorry,” I muttered barely meeting his gaze. I went to move past him. I wasn’t ready to speak to him after what happened between us.
He blocked my retreat, and I looked up at him startled. “I would like to remain friends, Hailey.”
“Of course. I’m just distracted. I wasn’t trying to avoid you.” I was trying to pull myself together. 
“I understand. The others are gathering downstairs. I was just going to get Meg and Lacy.” He moved out of my way.
I nodded. “I’ll see you down there.” I continued on my way.
I walked into the main room. Lilith, Devon, Grace, and Alec were already gathered. “Have you seen Meg this morning?” Lilith asked.
I shook my head without looking at her. “Peirce said he was getting her.” I sat down on one of the couches.
Lilith raised her eyebrows like she wanted to question me more, but before she could the others walked in the room. Lacy was holding Meg’s hand, and I was suddenly curious about their relationship. 
I glanced at Alec and he smiled like he knew what I was thinking. I felt my cheeks redden. He couldn’t possibly know what I was thinking. I decided to focus on my hands instead of the others. 
“Lilith, Grace, Meg, Lacy, Peirce, and I will take the SUV. Alec, can you and Hailey take your car?” Devon asked as he looked over at Alec. 
“Of course,” Alec said politely. 
I was kind of wondering why I was being put in a different car. I decided not to argue. Maybe that was how Meg wanted it. I decided not to put too much thought into it. The others began to file out of the room. Alec and I waited until we were the only ones in the room. I stood and moved toward the door and Alec followed. 
Once we were outside, Alec held the passenger door to his car for me. I climbed in, and he shut the door. He walked around to the other side and climbed in. Devon set off and Alec followed. 
I remained silent. I really wasn’t sure what I should say. I decided to see what Alec would tell me about Lacy. I still couldn’t believe Meg liked girls. Maybe she just liked Lacy because she was a vampire. “Does Lacy like girls?” I asked after a minute or two.
Alec smiled. “What made you ask that?” 
I shrugged trying to seem as nonchalant as possible. “I don’t know, she just seems really close to Meg.” It was a valid observation now that I thought about it. They were together all the time. 
“Yes, she likes girls,” he said without adding anything more.
“And?” I prompted raising my eyebrows.
He laughed shaking his head. “And she likes Meg, but it is a consensual relationship.”
“Oh,” I said a little disheartened.
“Do you like Lacy?” Alec asked confused.
I rolled my eyes. “No, I like boys. You would just think I would know Meg likes girls. I mean I grew up with her.”
He shrugged. “It could be something new for her.”
“Yeah, I guess,” I said thoughtfully. I could see how a vampire could make her realize feelings she may not have known she had. Peirce and Lation did that to me to some degree. Now that I thought about it, I never saw Alec with a girl. “Do you like girls or boys?” 
He raised his eyebrows in amusement. “Why do you ask?”
I shrugged. “I’ve just never seen you with a girl or a guy. I was just curious.”
He smiled. “Guys, but I don’t date often.” 
“Have you ever bonded with a guy you liked?” I asked curiously.
He shook his head. “Bonding is not really my cup of tea. Like you, I think forever is a long time to have a lover. We lose interest in our lovers after a while. I don’t agree with breaking bonds or distancing.”
I scowled slightly. “Vampires break bonds?” 
He nodded. “If they find another they want more. Stronger vampires, like Peirce, have several bonded to him. He just distances himself from some of them.”
“That kind of sucks. They fail to mention that when they are offering you the world,” I said dryly.
He laughed. “That’s why I was warning you.”
I sighed. “It’s all too complicated for me.”
Alec didn’t say anything as he pulled into the church behind Devon. The place was already full of cars. I was sure there would be a huge turn out to support Meg and Grace. 
“I’m not looking forward to this,” I said quietly as Alec parked.
Alec reached over and squeezed my hand. “I don’t think anyone is, dear.”
“Why are you being so nice to me?” I asked a little confused. 
He smiled. “I like you, and I consider you a friend. Come on, there’s no point in drawing it out.”
I agreed. I climbed out of the car and waited for Alec. Once he joined me, Alec and I followed the others inside. I sat on the front row with the others. It was a closed casket funeral. The church was overfull. It was nice to see so many people came out. 
I glanced over at Meg occasionally. She was seated between Lacy and Grace. I didn’t like that I couldn’t be near her, but I had a feeling she preferred Lacy there. Peirce sat on the other side of Lacy, and when Lation finally decided to show up he sat next to Peirce. 
Alec was at least being sweet. He put his arm over the back of the pew and leaned closer to me. I knew he was just trying to comfort me, and I appreciated his concern. I leaned into him as I listened to the pastor go on with the service.  
Once the service was over, we all went out to the cemetery behind the church. I felt a little out of place, and I hated it. Meg didn’t look at me through the entire funeral service. Now, I was standing only a few feet from her and she still hadn’t even looked my way. I glanced around at the faces standing around us. I spotted Trey in the crowd. He smiled sadly and gave me a small wave. I returned the favor, then I focused on paying attention. 
Once the funeral was over, people began to slowly leave. I remained with the others as they consoled Meg and Grace. I wasn’t sure what the plan was after the service. I was pretty sure people would be gathering at the Lockwood estate, and I wasn’t looking forward to it. 
Once Meg was ready, we all slowly made our way back to the cars. Alec held the door to his car for me and I climbed in. I was in a worse mood now than I was before. 
“Are you okay?” Alec asked as he followed Devon onto the highway toward the house.
I nodded. “I’m fine.” The truth was I wasn’t okay. Meg hated me, and I knew it. Lation and Peirce wanted nothing to do with me because I didn’t want to bond. I felt incredibly alone. I kept thinking maybe I was being selfish, but part of me didn’t care. Peirce’s offer of a bond was starting to seem like a good one. At least I wouldn’t feel alone. From what I understood I would be dedicated to him. That scared the hell out of me, but I would rather that than feeling as alone as I felt. 
Alec touched my hand pulling me from my thoughts. “If you need to talk, I’m here.”
A stray tear rolled down my cheek and I looked away. “I feel so alone.”
“You aren’t alone. I’m here,” he said playfully. 
I smiled as I wiped the tear away. “I know.”
He pulled into the driveway behind Devon. People were already arriving. I could tell the house was going to be full of people before long. He released my hand and climbed out of the car. He walked around to my side and opened my door.
I climbed out and followed him into the house. The house already had more people than I liked. I wanted to go to my room, but I fought the urge and made my way to the main room. I looked around for the others. Peirce was talking to a woman I had seen around town once or twice. I tried to fight the feeling of jealousy that was creeping up on me. She was a pretty woman, but she was older than me.
“Jealous?” Michelle’s amused voice chimed. 
I turned and scowled at her. “No,” I said curtly. I didn’t see her at the funeral. I figured she stayed behind. She wasn’t exactly friendly anyway. 
She laughed like she didn’t believe me. “Of course you aren’t. You are just little miss perfect, aren’t you? Well, you will be glad to know he was interested in her way before you. Now that you are no longer an option looks like he will be going after her.”
“I’m just glad it isn’t you,” I said snidely. I knew it would hurt her feelings. She was crazy about Peirce, and she didn’t hide it well. 
Her expression darkened, and she looked like she was preparing to strike me. 
“Michelle, go greet the guests,” Lilith ordered obviously sensing trouble. 
Michelle scowled, but complied and stalked off. 
“You should go help Lacy in the kitchen,” Lilith ordered as she eyed me. 
I fought the urge to roll my eyes. I didn’t want to fight, so I walked toward the kitchen. I stepped out of the main room and the noise of conversation dulled. I slowly made my way toward the kitchen. I heard the sound of a girl giggling. Curiosity got the best of me and I peeked around the corner. Lation had Kelly pinned to the wall. He was kissing her. I didn’t expect it to affect me as much as it did. I took a steadying breath and hurried toward the kitchen. I didn’t want to draw attention to myself. I had no right to say anything anyway. I was the one who turned him away. He could’ve done better than Kelly. I think the fact that he chose her annoyed me more than the fact that he was kissing a girl.
I stopped just in front of the kitchen door. I considered walking in, but I couldn’t. I knew I was going to cry, and I didn’t want to cry in front of anyone. I turned and hurried down the hallway toward the stairs. I turned the corner and nearly ran into Alec. He grabbed my shoulders to steady me. 
“Sorry,” I murmured breathlessly. I looked down trying to hide the tears that had already started pouring down my cheeks. 
“Hailey.” He put his arm around me.
“Please don’t,” I whispered as I tried to pull away. He was only going to make me cry harder. 
“Don’t fight me,” he ordered as he pulled me closer. 
I gave in and sank into him. I sobbed into his chest, unable to hold back my tears anymore. “Come on, love.” He lifted me off my feet and carried me up the stairs. Once I started, I couldn’t stop. I held tightly to Alec as he carried me into my room. He lay me on the bed, and then he went to the bathroom to get tissue. He crawled onto the bed next to me and offered me the tissue. I lay over his chest and cried. He ran his hand over my hair, touching me gently. “I wish I could take away your pain.”
He sounded sincere, and I didn’t understand it. I didn’t understand why he cared so much. I held him tighter and breathed in his scent. Being close to him comforted me. “I want to go home. Meg hates me, and she has Lacy now. Lation and Peirce have moved on. I don’t have any reason to stay here anymore.”
“You have to stay here where you are safe,” Alec said firmly. 
“Maybe I don’t want to be safe,” I said angrily as I sat up. 
“Don’t say that, and don’t think about doing anything childish.” He pulled me back against his chest. 
I sighed. “I hate feeling this way.”
He laughed. “Everyone feels this way at some point in their life. Besides, you’ve been through a lot.”
I peeked up at him. “How are you okay being alone? I don’t see you with friends or boyfriends …” I trailed off a little confused. 
“I don’t mind it. You get used to it after a while,” he said squeezing me gently. 
“I wish you were straight,” I said dryly. 
He laughed again. “Then I would be just like Lation and Peirce.”
I scoffed as I sat up. “No, you wouldn’t. You would understand me. They are just selfish and only want what they want.”
“I understand you, baby.” He tugged on a strand of my hair. 
I looked at him and smiled slightly. “I know you do.” I crawled back over to him and snuggled against his chest. “Why haven’t they done anything about Derrick yet?”
He sighed. “I wish I knew. You’ll have to talk to Peirce. As far as I know, he’s the one handling it.”
I scoffed as I sat up again. “Great,” I muttered. Peirce was no longer interested in me. He would probably take forever dealing with Derrick. “I’m going to go ask him.”
“You think he’s going to give you the answer you want?” he asked amused.
I shook my head. “I think he’ll say he is working on it.” I walked over to the mirror and fixed my makeup. 
Alec remained on the bed watching me. “Would you consider a bond with me?” he asked after a second or two.
I looked at him a little confused. “What would be the point if you like guys?”
“It would be for your protection, not for love. I just want to know you are safe.” He sat up and continued. “I understand why you don’t want to bond with Lation and Peirce. I thought you might consider me.”
“You think they would be okay with that?” I asked skeptically.
He shook his head. “I think it would need to be a secret … just between me and you.”
I thought about it for a minute. I wondered what it would be like. Maybe if I did bond with him I would have more freedom. Maybe I wouldn’t feel so alone, and that was most appealing. “Can I think about it?” 
He nodded as he got to his feet. “Of course. I don’t want to push it on you, I want you to want it too.”
“Let me go see what Peirce says, then I’ll decide,” I said making up my mind.
Alec opened the door for me. “Shall we?”
I nodded and stepped out of the room. He stepped out behind me. I hesitated when Lilith turned the corner. She raised her eyebrows in surprise when she saw Alec and me. “I was just coming to see where you went.” Her questioning gaze shifted to Alec.
“I just needed a breather,” I said disregarding her tone. “Is Peirce downstairs?” 
“Yes, he is. Alec, Devon was looking for you earlier,” she said deciding not to push it.
“I’ll go find him.” Alec sounded slightly amused. He walked down the hall past Lilith. 
Lilith remained in place watching me. “What was Alec doing in your room?” she asked as soon as Alec turned the corner.
I shrugged. “He was just comforting me.” I made my way toward the stairs. I wasn’t in the mood to answer her prying questions. I was a little surprised when she didn’t stop me.
“You know he is gay, correct?” she called after me.
“I’m aware,” I said as I started down the stairs. She didn’t say anything else, so I continued on my way. 
I walked into the main room. It was still just as crowded as earlier. I scanned the room for Peirce. He stood out in the crowd. The girl he was with earlier was still hovering ridiculously close to him. I slowly made my way through the crowd to where he was standing. 
“Peirce,” I said gently to get his attention. His green gaze shifted to me. I felt the familiar rush of excitement. I quickly pushed the feeling away. “Can I speak with you for a minute?” 
“Of course.” His hand touched the small of my back as he guided me to one side of the room, away from the crowd. “What is it?” he asked once we were clear of the crowd.
“I was just wondering if you had any news on Derrick,” I said trying to hold his gaze. 
“Not much. He is hard to track down. I have to take certain steps, it is a matter of diplomacy, which takes time.” He knew I wasn’t going to like his answer.
I scowled slightly. “He killed two people. How is it a matter of diplomacy?” 
He hesitated. “Darling, you must understand. In our world, killing humans is not unusual, and as long as it isn’t done in large numbers it is not against our rules.” 
I felt a rush of anger so intense my cheeks reddened, and my hands balled into fists. “They weren’t just a couple of humans!” I hissed. “If that’s the case than what is one more!” Before he could respond, I turned on my heel and hurried away from him. I was beyond furious. I could barely see straight. I hurried out of the room. I walked quickly toward the front door. I wanted to go home. It was obvious Peirce was doing nothing to find Derrick because it was accepted in his world. 
I stepped out into the cool air and felt instantly relieved. I slipped my heels off because they were slowing me down. I wanted to go home, and that was exactly where I was going to go. 
“Hailey?” Trey’s voice called from behind me.
I hesitated and turned slightly. He quickly caught up to me. He was wearing a suit and tie, and he looked rather good. It was late afternoon, and it would be dark in an hour or two. I knew I wouldn’t have long before they realized I was gone. “Hey Trey,” I said, then I continued on.
He continued to keep pace with me. “So, where are you headed?” 
“Home, why?” I was trying to remain polite despite my anger.
He shrugged. “I was just curious. I thought you were staying with the Lockwoods.”
“I was, but now I’m not.” I was trying to keep my angry tone to a minimum. 
“Oh, do you care if I keep you company?” he asked hesitantly.
I glanced at him, then looked straight ahead. “It’s up to you.” I didn’t care either way. I had too much on my mind to think about Trey. It was obvious if I wanted Derrick taken care of than I would have to do it. Of course, that was an impossible task since I was human. The thought annoyed me more. 
Trey remained unusually quiet the entire walk. I found the key to my house under the rock out front. I left all my things at the Lockwood house, including my key. I unlocked the door and Trey followed me in. 
“Would you like something to drink?” I asked as I made my way toward the kitchen. I figured I should be polite and offer.
He nodded. “That sounds good.” He sat down on the couch and looked around. He had been here before when we dated. 
I walked into the kitchen and made us both drinks. I carried the glasses back out to the living room and sat down next to him. 
He watched me with a worried expression. “You look a little upset. Is there anything I can do?” 
I shook my head. “It’s all a little too complicated. Do you want to watch a movie?” I asked deciding to distract myself.
He smiled, and then nodded. “That sounds like fun.” 
I got up and turned the TV on. We agreed on an action movie I hadn’t seen before. It was one of my father’s movies. Trey said it was good, so I decided to try it. 

Chapter 19

The movie was enough to keep me somewhat distracted. I was enjoying Trey’s company. He was easy to get along with. He was extremely uncomplicated, unlike Lation and Peirce. The ending credits started, pulling me from my thoughts. I stood to change the movie. 
“So, what’s going on with you and Lation?” he asked as he watched me sift through the DVD cases. 
I shrugged. “Nothing, why?” 
He cleared his throat nervously. “I was just curious. In the coffee shop he seemed a little offended I was there.”
“Yeah, well he’s an ass,” I said grumpily. 
“I saw him with Kelly, so I thought …” he trailed off as he continued to watch me.
I looked up at him a little surprised. I knew he wanted to ask me out. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to date. Alec said to move on, but I didn’t think I could, and I wasn’t so sure it would be fair to Trey. Before I could say anything, the sound of glass breaking caught my attention. 
Trey and I both stood. The sound came from the back of the house, possibly from the back door. I suddenly regretted leaving the Lockwood house. Now I put Trey in danger. If it was Derrick or one of his lackeys, they wouldn’t think twice about killing Trey.
“You have to leave,” I said quickly as I rushed over to Trey.
“What? No. What was that?” he asked concerned. 
“I don’t know, but I know whoever it is will kill you. Please just go. I can’t explain right now.” I was starting to panic. If he ran, I could distract whoever it was long enough for him to get away.
“I’m not leaving, Hailey,” he said firmly. 
I wanted to argue, but before I could the sound of footsteps approaching made me turn toward the doorway. Paul and a couple other vampires I didn’t recognize walked through the door. 
Paul smiled when his eyes rested on me. “Fancy seeing you here. I have been watching this house for days now. Imagine my surprise when I get the call that you finally showed up.”
“Get out of my house,” I said angrily. I didn’t know what else to do or say. I was terrified they would hurt Trey. I suddenly regretted letting him stay with me.
Trey moved in front of me defensively. “I don’t know who you are, or what you want, but you need to leave now.”
Paul and his friends laughed like hyenas. Trey stiffened, and I pulled on his arm. “Trey, please run. You don’t understand,” I said panicked. It wasn’t like it would be a fair fight.
“No, let him stay. We are all in need of a good meal,” Paul said playfully as he nudged the man next to him. 
“Please Trey!” I pleaded harder as I pulled in his arm.
Trey looked down at me. “Hailey, I understand more than you know.” I was a little caught off guard by his confidence and tone. He turned his attention back to Paul and his goons. “You can leave now, or I will make you,” Trey snapped without wavering.
“Well, this will be fun,” Paul said amused. “Get him boys.” 
The two men with him advanced on Trey. Trey stepped forward trying to keep them from getting any closer to me. This was going to end badly, and I suddenly regretted being so foolish. 
Suddenly, Trey lunged at the two men before they could attack. He caught them off guard. He punched the first man in the face and threw his body into the second man. Trey handled himself with incredible agility and strength. I could see the shock on the men’s face. Paul began to realize his men were losing, so he joined the fight. Trey held his own. He held Paul and the other two at bay. He was gaining control of the situation, and neither of them liked it. Paul suddenly called for a retreat. They ran out of the room the way they came.
I stood frozen in place. I was in shock. Paul was a vampire, and so were the men with him. I didn’t understand how Trey was able to fight them off. Trey turned toward me, and my gaze shifted to him. I took a step back when I saw his eyes. They weren’t human, and they weren’t vampire either. 
“What are you?” I asked in barely a whisper. 
Worry creased his face. “I was going to tell you.” 
“Tell me what?” I asked trying to keep my tone even.
He looked away nervously. “I know you know they are vampires. I thought it wouldn’t hurt to tell you now.”
“Tell me!” I said angrily. I didn’t like that he was hiding something.
“I’m a werewolf, Hailey. I always have been. I couldn’t get close to you when we first dated because I was afraid to tell you. Once I saw you with the vampires, I knew I could tell you. I was just waiting for the right time.” He actually managed to sound apologetic. 
I wasn’t sure what to do or say. I sat down on the couch trying to comprehend what he was saying. He was a werewolf the whole time. I didn’t understand. I didn’t really consider there might be other creatures that I once thought were myths. After meeting vampires, nothing seemed impossible, but it was still shocking. 
“Why didn’t Lation say anything?” I asked confused.
“My line is disguised by a spell. It is to keep us safe. We’re not detectable, not even to vampires.” He seemed to relax a little. “I never wanted to lie to you.”
 I didn’t speak immediately. I sighed and ran my fingers through my hair. “I should go back to the Lockwood estate. If you were human I would’ve gotten you killed.” I decided I couldn’t focus on the fact that he just admitted to being a werewolf. It was too much for me to handle. 
“I’ll walk you back. Those guys could still be out there,” he said firmly.
I nodded as I got to my feet. He followed me to the front door. I walked slowly down the sidewalk toward the Lockwood house. 
He broke the silence after a few minutes. “I heard you talking to Peirce. Were those Derrick’s men?” 
I nodded. “He’s trying to take me, but don’t ask me why. I really don’t know.”
“And Peirce hasn’t stopped him?” Trey asked skeptically.
I rolled my eyes. “He said something about diplomacy.” Thinking about it actually annoyed me more. 
Trey scoffed. “That’s vampire speak for they are doing nothing.”
I sighed. “I agree, but it isn’t like I can do anything.”
“I agree, you can’t, but I can,” he said darkly.
I stopped walking since we were in front of the Lockwood house. I looked up at him. “You can’t go after him. He could hurt you.” I was suddenly worried.  
Trey smiled as he closed the space between us. “I’m not as fragile as I look,” he teased.
I felt my cheeks redden, and quickly I looked down. “I know, but I don’t want you getting hurt because of me.”
“I won’t get hurt. I’ll wait here until you get inside.” He nudged me gently.
I sighed, then I turned and made my way up the driveway. I knew I wouldn’t talk him out of it. I figured he would change his mind before he acted, at least I hoped.
Before I even made it to the door, the door opened, and Lilith stood there. The scowl on her face suggested she wasn’t happy with me. “Where have you been?” 
“Out, why?” I asked matching her tone as I stepped into the entryway.
“You just don’t get it, do you?” she asked dryly.
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, yeah, there’s a big bad vampire after me. I get it. According to Peirce, a few dead humans is no big deal,” I said sarcastically.
“That isn’t what I meant,” Peirce said grumpily as he stepped into the entryway.
“Oh, it isn’t?” I asked darkly. “Then what did you mean?” I crossed my arms and glared at him. 
Peirce glanced at Lilith as she shut the door. She took the hint, and walked out, leaving us alone. “I am trying to handle Derrick. Please, give me more time,” he pleaded as he stepped closer to me.
I scowled slightly. He was trying to distract me, and I knew it. I took a step back and glared at him. “Whatever, you’re just trying to distract me. It won’t work anymore. I’m too pissed off at you to let you get close to me again.”
His expression softened slightly. “I apologize for hurting you. I know you don’t understand …”
I scoffed. “The problem is I understand too well.” I turned to walk toward the stairs. He caught my hand in his, forcing me to stay. I glared at him. “Let me go,” I ordered.
His expression darkened. A slight twinge of fear rushed through me. I didn’t recall ever seeing him look so serious. “Don’t force my hand, Hailey. I am asking you to be patient and give me more time.” His tone was colder than usual.  
I stuck my chin out defiantly. “I told you once before, I won’t be a prisoner.”
He watched me for a moment like he was trying to decide what to do next. “Then you are giving me no choice.” 
Before I could reply, he pulled me toward him. I was caught off guard, so I didn’t immediately fight. He wrapped his arms around me pulling me against his chest. I started to protest, but the spinning sensation caught me off guard. I suddenly felt like I wasn’t even on my feet. I was breathless as the room blurred. The room started to come into focus again. I pulled away from him and he released me without a fight. I stumbled backwards startled. I looked around the room and realized we were no longer in the house. We were in his apartment downtown. 
“What are we doing here?” I demanded. I planned on going to my room, but he was making it impossible. 
He slowly moved forward. Something about the way he looked and moved scared me more. I wanted to move away from him, but I was frozen in place. I was caught in his emerald gaze, and he knew it. “I will not let you get hurt. I will do everything in my power to protect you. I gave you the chance to listen and stay where you were safe. You refused, so now, I have no choice.” He reached up and brushed my cheek lightly with his fingers. It was an affectionate action, but the expression on his face was a little too cold for my liking. 
“I will listen,” I pleaded suddenly sensing the danger. My heart was pounding in my chest. I was terrified he was going to turn me. I didn’t know if I could handle being a vampire. 
He laughed lightly. “Darling, you had your chance. I will make this quick and painless. You may hate me for a while, but eventually you will realize I did it because I care for you.”
“Peirce,” I pleaded in barely a whisper. 
He closed the space between us. He pressed his lips to mine in a gentle kiss. I wanted to pull away and run, but I couldn’t move. He was scaring me. He wasn’t being himself. He broke the kiss and his lips brushed my ear. “I’m sorry,” he murmured.
Before I could protest, the pinch of his bite made me gasp. I closed my eyes and focused on the pleasure instead of the fear. I couldn’t do anything to stop him … I was frozen. I relaxed in his arms, and he held me tightly as he fed. He released me after a few minutes. I was slightly dizzy, but still conscious. He lifted me off the ground and carried me to the couch. He laid me across the couch and moved over me. He brushed a stray strand of hair out of my face. He brought his wrist to his mouth and bit, putting two neat punctures in his own wrist. Blood dripped from the punctures, and he pressed his wrist to my lips.
My eyes widened in surprise when the rush of heat consumed me. Flashes of images filled my mind. I couldn’t focus. I wanted to pull away, but the sweet taste of his blood made it impossible. He removed his wrist from my lips, and I looked up at him wild eyed and panting. I couldn’t catch my breath. I suddenly had an overwhelming urge to kiss and touch him. I could smell his cologne and taste his lips. The thoughts running through my mind were almost too much to fight. 
“What did you do to me?” I asked breathlessly. I wanted to be angry, but I was too distracted with the rush of other emotions to be angry. 
“I bonded with you. You gave me no choice,” he said gently. 
“What?” I asked horrified as I quickly sat up. The room spun, and my cheeks flushed. I hated the feeling; it was like I was on a ride I couldn’t get off. 
“You will adjust. Your emotions will calm down in a few days,” he said trying to ease my confusion. 
“You can’t do this!” I was trying to be angry with him, but it seemed almost impossible. The emotions I felt for him when I looked at him was the furthest thing from anger. I collapsed back on the couch, squeezing my eyes shut. His fingers brushed my cheek, and I quickly slapped his hand away. “Don’t!” I glared at him. The room was still spinning. I couldn’t focus.
“Hailey,” he said firmly forcing me to look at him. As soon as my eyes met his I was trapped. I couldn’t look away. “Sleep, you will feel better tomorrow.”
I wanted to protest, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t defy his order, and that terrified me. I had no choice but to comply. I closed my eyes and darkness consumed me.

Chapter 20

His hands ran the length of my body. Small moans escaped my lips. My eyes were closed, but somehow, I knew it was Peirce. I could smell him, and there was no one else that touched me like he did. His lips touched mine sending pleasure radiating through me …
I woke up gasping. I sat straight up in my bed and looked around. I was in my room at the Lockwood’s house, and I was alone. The memory of what Peirce did to me infuriated me. I touched my neck where the two punctures had been. They were already gone, which didn’t surprise me. I closed my eyes trying to clear my head. The dream I was having didn’t make it any easier for me to be angry with Peirce, in fact, it was making it nearly impossible. 
My door opened, and Lilith walked in. “You look like you are in a mood.”
“You knew what he was going to do, didn’t you?” I asked angrily. 
“I did, and I can’t say I disagree with what he did.” She was unfazed by my anger. She had clothing in her arms. She walked over to the closet and began hanging them up.
“He had no right,” I countered.
She continued her task without looking at me. “He was doing what he had to do to protect someone he cares for. No one here will fault him for that, especially after knowing how stubborn you are.”
I muttered under my breath as I climbed out of bed. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do now. I was bound to Peirce. I wasn’t entirely sure what that even meant. I walked toward the bathroom, determined to take a shower and get on with my day. 
“We were wondering if you would like to have a party for your birthday tomorrow night.” She spoke before I could retreat into the bathroom. To be honest, I completely forgot about my birthday with everything that happened. The last thing I wanted to do was have a party.
“No, I don’t,” I snapped, then I walked into the bathroom. I made it a point to slam the door. I knew it was childish, but I really didn’t care.
I started the shower and climbed in. I tried to relax, but I was more on edge now than I was before. All I could think about was Peirce. I wasn’t sure if it was the bond, or if it was me. I was hoping it was the bond because my sudden obsessive thoughts didn’t seem healthy. 
I stepped out of the shower and dried off. I stepped out into my bedroom and cursed when I saw Peirce sitting on my bed. “Get out,” I ordered as I pulled my towel tighter around me. 
He smiled slightly like he thought I was being cute. “You don’t really want me to leave.”
I rolled my eyes, then walked over to the closet. “How would you know?”
I stiffened when he placed his hands on my hips. Seconds before, he was all the way across the room, now, he was standing behind me. “I know how you feel,” he whispered seductively.
I scoffed, pushing him away. “You know how you’re making me feel. How am I supposed to know how I really feel?” I asked as I narrowed my eyes at him. 
He looked a little surprised and amused at my outburst. “All the bond does is amplify how you already feel for me.”
I watched him for a minute, then I turned back to what I was doing. “Get out,” I ordered again. I wasn’t in the mood to talk to him. I had so many emotions raging through me. I wasn’t sure whether I wanted to love him or hate him. 
He sighed in annoyance. “Fine, I will give you more time to adjust. You are not allowed to leave the house without telling me where you are going.”
I turned and glared at him. “You can’t make me a prisoner!”
“I can do whatever I want,” he countered, then he was gone. 
I had more to say to him and he knew it. I cussed in anger and focused on getting dressed. I couldn’t believe he was being such an ass. It was taking a lot of focus for me to hate him. It was like it was an unnatural feeling. 
 I didn’t know why I was taking so much time getting dressed. It wasn’t like I could leave. Peirce forbid me from leaving. The thought made me angrier. I walked to the closet and looked through the clothes. There were so many dresses it was ridiculous. I knew it has a lot to do with the fact that Lilith picked my wardrobe. I selected a pretty, light pink dress that went well with my skin tone. It was a little lacy for me, but I wasn’t going to argue with Lilith over it. I slipped it on and looked in the mirror.
A light knock on the door made me jump a little. I was so focused on my thoughts the slightest sound startled me. “Who is it?” I growled making it a point to be as unfriendly as possible.
“It’s me,” Alec said from the other side of the door. I was actually surprised he didn’t just walk in. They all seemed to just come and go as they pleased. 
I sighed in annoyance. “Come in.” I walked over to the vanity and sat down. I was going to take my time putting makeup on since I had nothing better to do. 
The door opened, and Alec walked in and shut the door behind him. He watched me cautiously like he was worried about how I was going to react to his presence. “I heard about what Peirce did.”
I rolled my eyes as I focused on applying my makeup. “I suppose they convinced you it was necessary?” 
“You know better than that,” he chided as he sat down on the bed. 
“He did it without my permission, now I don’t know what to do,” I said darkly. 
“Well, there isn’t much you can do. Are you going down to the party?” he asked casually, changing the subject.
I shook my head. “I didn’t plan on it. I wasn’t aware they were having a party.”
He shrugged. “They call it a get together, but it is all the same.” 
I did notice he was somewhat dressed up. They seemed to have a lot of parties. I didn’t particularly care for parties, but I couldn’t see myself staying up here all night. My thoughts drifted to Trey. I hadn’t thought about him much. I wondered if Alec knew anything about werewolves. I shifted my gaze to his. He was still watching me silently. 
“What do you know about werewolves?” I asked trying not to sound too curious. I wanted to know, but I wasn’t going to tell him about Trey … at least not yet.
He raised his eyebrows in surprise. “Why? What do you know about them?” He sounded a little reluctant to offer any information. 
I shrugged as I started to focus on my hair. “I just heard they might actually exist, so I was curious.” I was trying to seem uninterested, so he wouldn’t suspect anything. 
He sighed. “I think you’re lying, but I know you won’t tell me, so I will tell you what I know. I know they’re dangerous and unpredictable. If you are talking to one, then I suggest you cut ties immediately. If he or she finds out you’re associated with vampires, then it can put you in serious danger.”
I smiled slightly biting my lip. “Anymore danger than I am in with Derrick?” 
He didn’t respond immediately, he just continued to watch me. 
“I’ll take that as a no,” I said sarcastically as I focused on messing with my hair. I pulled a few strands behind my head and tied them there. It gave me a somewhat delicate, feminine look. 
“I don’t think Peirce’s intentions are to annoy you or hurt you. I do believe he cares for you,” Alec said after a few minutes of silence.
I scoffed. “Then he would respect me. He doesn’t respect me. He treats me like I’m property.”
“He’s not human. I know you don’t understand that. Perhaps you will in time.” He smiled slightly. “You really should accompany me downstairs. You are too pretty to stay up here alone.” 
I turned and smiled at him. “I suppose I could. It’s not like I can do anything else.”
“I’m sure that is just temporary, at least until Peirce handles Derrick,” he said pointedly.
I sighed as I stood. I didn’t believe him at all. “So you say.” I walked to the closet and selected a pair of white high heels. I slipped them on, then turned and looked at Alec. “So, how do I look?” 
He smiled slightly. “Like you’re trying to look way more innocent than you are.”
I rolled my eyes. “I suppose we should go down and get this over with. I’m pretty sure I won’t be able to tolerate being down there for long, but it could be entertaining.”
He stood and opened the door for me. “After you.” He ushered me out. 
I stepped out of the room and he followed. Lilith rounded the corner just as he shut the door. It seemed like she was always lurking just around the corner. She hesitated when she saw Alec and me. 
“I was just coming to see if you would be joining us?” Lilith’s gaze shifted to Alec’s. I was pretty sure she didn’t like how often he came out of my room. She claimed he was gay, so I didn’t see what she was worried about.
“I didn’t want to, but Alec convinced me to accompany him.” I made it a point to brush my hand over his arm affectionately. I was trying to annoy her, and I was pretty sure it was working. I was usually good at getting on her bad side. 
Her expression darkened slightly at my gesture. “You do know you are bound to another vampire.”
“Not by choice,” I countered. I was wondering when she would question my relationship with Alec. Peirce claiming me didn’t mean I was going to be his lover as well. 
“Hailey and I are friends,” Alec cut in. “I do not understand why you’re getting offended.”
Lilith stiffened slightly as she shifted her gaze from Alec back to me. “Just remember who she belongs to Alec.” She turned on her heel and walked away. She disappeared around the corner, back the way she had come. 
“They are really big on ownership aren’t they,” I said slightly annoyed.
He laughed. “You have no idea.” He started to lead me toward the stairs. 
I was suddenly not looking forward to being in the presence of everyone else. “I feel like a car.”
“Well, if it makes you feel any better, you would be a top of the line car,” he said playfully.
I bit back a smile as we started down the stairs. “That does make me feel a little better.”
He smiled shaking his head as he led me toward the main room. It was a huge hall where everyone seemed to gather. The only good thing about the whole event was that there would be a bar. I didn’t mind having a drink or two. I still needed to find the courage to talk to Meg. I was putting it off, but I knew I was going to have to deal with it sooner or later. 
Alec led me toward the bar as soon as we entered the room. Sometimes, I wondered if he could read my mind. He held a seat at the bar for me. I sat down as he waved the bartender over. He ordered us both a drink. I didn’t bother looking around the room to see if Peirce was around, I was sure he was. I didn’t want him thinking I wanted to see him. I was conflicted at the moment. I did and didn’t want to see him. I was just worried my feelings for him weren’t real. 
I looked up when the bartender slid my drink over to me. I felt someone’s eyes on me, so I looked across the bar. Michelle was sitting there watching me with a deadly look. I rolled my eyes and focused on my drink. Of course she would be furious. I was now bonded to Peirce. I was sure she wouldn’t mind seeing me dead. It didn’t matter whether I wanted the bond or not … she didn’t care. All that mattered was that I was bonded to him. 
“I should’ve stayed in bed,” I muttered, then I took a sip of my drink.
“Then you wouldn’t be able to ruffle so many feathers,” Alec said amused as he looked around. 
I sighed. “True.” I wondered why he was hanging around me. He acted like he had no one else to talk to. I knew that couldn’t be true because he was way too outgoing. He was always talkative and charming. I knew he had to have friends, he was just choosing to hang around me for whatever reason. I was about to question him about the reason he was hanging around me, but before I could Lation distracted me.
“There are rumors Hailey here has turned you to the other side, Alec,” Lation said sarcastically. He sounded like he was trying to start a fight. 
Alec shifted his gaze to Lation like he just noticed his presence. “I don’t think that’s really anyone’s business.” I knew he was trying to annoy Lation by neither confirming nor denying the allegation. 
I decided to remain quiet since Lation wasn’t technically addressing me. I knew he was trying to irritate me as much, or more so, than Alec. I wasn’t about to let him win. 
“You’re unusually quiet. Did Peirce command you to shut up too?” Lation asked turning his attention to me. 
I looked up at him, and then I giggled. “Peirce can’t command me to do anything, despite what everyone seems to think. I was simply trying to be polite by remaining quiet.”
Lation scoffed. “I figured you would run to him. I’m just lucky I didn’t wait for you to break my heart.”
“I didn’t run to anyone,” I countered. “I was forced into this all in the name of my safety, which is the biggest …” I was ready to yell and scream at him, but I was suddenly cut off by the angry yell of a man. The sound caught everyone’s attention.
I looked where everyone else was looking … at the doorway. A man pushed his way into the room. I immediately recognized him … it was Paul, Derrick’s lackey.
“You!” he yelled angrily as he glared at me. There were several other vampires trying to hold him back. He was making one hell of an attempt to get to me.
“What is the meaning of this?” Devon demanded as he moved to intercept Paul. 
“That bitch knows!” Paul yelled. His eyes were wild with fury as he continued to watch me. He pretty much gave up struggling because too many men were holding him. I never saw him so angry. He was furious, but more than that, he looked terrified. 
Devon looked at me expectantly. 
My eyes widened in surprise. “What? I’ve been here all night. Ask that asshole,” I said nodding toward Peirce. 
Devon turned his attention to Peirce. Peirce nodded, then smiled like he thought my insults were amusing. It was obvious he was enjoying the fact that he had all the control. 
“Hailey has been bound to the house. I can assure you, whatever you think she has done, she has not,” Devon said turning his attention back to Paul.
“They killed him!” Paul shrieked startling everyone. “They killed him on her order!” he yelled furiously, then he tried to lunge for me again.
Lation laughed like he heard the funniest joke in the world. “Hailey doesn’t order anyone to do anything, although, she does think she’s in charge at times.”
I fought the urge to comment. I was too interested in what Paul was accusing me of to fight with Lation. I was assuming he meant Derrick was dead, but I wasn’t completely sure of that either.
“Killed who? And who is it you think she ordered?” Devon asked confused. 
“The werewolves killed Derrick on her order!” he yelled.
A murmur went through the crowd. I was slightly confused, but then I suddenly understood. I made it a point to keep a straight face. I definitely didn’t want to get Trey in trouble. He said he would take care of Derrick, but I really didn’t think he would. I thought he was just being sweet, but I was obviously mistaken. “I have no idea what you are talking about. I have never met a werewolf,” I countered. 
“Liar!” he snarled as he pulled against the men holding him.
“Your accusations are not logical, Paul. Derrick has many enemies. I highly doubt a human girl, commanding werewolves, is what brought him down,” Peirce argued. He sounded like he thought Paul’s accusation was ridiculous, which was a relief.
I glanced at Alec because I felt his eyes on me. He knew I knew what Paul was talking about, but I wasn’t about to admit it. I quickly looked back at Devon and the others. I would have to deal with Alec’s questions later. 
“I agree,” Devon said slowly. “Werewolves are not common to this area. It is one of the reasons we settled here.”
“She has all of you fooled!” Paul growled as he pulled out of their grip. They let him go because he was backing away instead of moving forward. “You will all figure it out eventually. You just better hope you aren’t next,” he snapped, then he turned on his heel and rushed out. 
As soon as he was gone Lation, Peirce, Devon, and Lilith quickly congregated across the room. I was a little surprised Alec didn’t join them, but I knew why he didn’t. He wanted to question me. I peeked up at him waiting for his barrage of questions.
“I suppose your earlier question about werewolves had nothing to do with this incident?” Alec asked dryly.
“Nope, I know nothing.” I turned and focused on my drink. I couldn’t say I was sad to hear Derrick was dead. It was nice that Trey actually did something. I was waiting for Peirce to act, but he was being ‘diplomatic’ as he put it. 
“I cannot stress to you how dangerous werewolves are. I don’t know what kind of deal you made, but I suggest you find a way out of it,” Alec insisted. 
I scowled as I got to my feet. “There was no deal. A friend said he would take care of Derrick and he did. It is what I expected Peirce to do in the first place, but he was too busy playing a diplomat.”
I was going to walk away, but Alec caught my arm, making me look up at him. “You can’t just take care of a vampire. All it does it piss other, more dangerous vampires off,” Alec countered.
“I didn’t take care of a vampire. I didn’t order anything. I would appreciate it if you quit looking at me like I did,” I said impatiently. I pulled my arm out of his grasp and continued on my way. I wasn’t entirely sure where I was going, I just knew I wanted to be away from all the curious stares. I was hoping they would all be like Peirce and assume it was a silly notion. I wasn’t going to tell on Trey. I wouldn’t risk getting him in trouble. I, at least, owed him that. 
I was relieved when I finally made it outside the main room. My relief was short lived when Peirce appeared a few steps in front of me. I fought the urge to cuss in annoyance. I didn’t want to look guilty, so I did the best I could to keep my expression blank. 
“Do you have anything you would like to tell me?” he asked as he watched me intently. 
I didn’t think he would suspect something, perhaps he overheard Alec. “Nope, not at all,” I said brushing him off. I went to move past him, but he blocked my escape. 
His fingers caught me under my chin, and he forced me to look into his piercing green eyes. “You cannot lie to me, Hailey. Are you sure there is nothing you want to tell me about a werewolf?”
I was caught in his brilliant gaze and I hated it. He knew the power he had. I had the urge to tell him everything I knew about Trey, but I fought it. I took a steadying breath. “I have never met any werewolves. Paul is insane,” I said slowly. I was lying, and it felt like I was forcing every word. They all said I wouldn’t be able to lie, but somehow, I was managing it. My only fear was that Peirce would figure it out. 
He watched me for a few more minutes. His fingers were pressed gently against my skin. I realized my pulse was racing. I was pretty sure just his presence made me crazy. I was extremely attracted to him, and part of me loved it. There was another part of me that was terrified of him. 
“Peirce?” a delicate female voice asked hesitantly.
His eyes shifted to someone behind me. I knew it was the woman I saw him with a few times before. I didn’t recall seeing her tonight, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t there. She seemed to be everywhere he was. I quickly took his distraction as an opportunity. I pulled away from him, so his touch was no longer distracting me. 
“I should go,” I said breathlessly. I hurried toward the stairs without looking back at either of them.
“Hailey,” Peirce said as I stepped on the first stair.
I hesitated but didn’t look back at him. “Yes?” I asked trying to keep my tone as even as possible. I was upset, and I knew it was because of the woman’s presence. I didn’t like that he was paying attention to someone else, but in a way, I brought it on myself. 
“We will speak more later,” he said as if he wanted me to know I wasn’t off the hook yet.
“I’m sure we will,” I said curtly, then I hurried up the stairs away from him. 
I walked in my room and shut the door quickly. I pressed my forehead to the door and took a steadying breath. I hated the way he made me feel. 
“Are you okay?” Trey’s voice asked from behind me.
I spun around startled. I nearly screamed, but I quickly stifled it when I recognized his voice. “You scared me,” I hissed.
He grinned and raised his hands. “I was just checking on you. I didn’t mean to scare you,” he said apologetically. He looked a little too amused for my taste.
I scowled as I walked over to my bed and sat down. “How did you get in?” I asked as I looked him over. He was wearing his usual jeans and a tee shirt. His shirt seemed to fit him a little better than usual. I could see all his muscles, almost like the shirt was painted on him. 
“The window,” he said nodding toward the slightly open window. 
I pursed my lips as I looked at him. “You could’ve knocked on the front door.”
He grinned as he walked over to me and sat down on the bed next to me. “I just wanted to see you. I didn’t want to have to get through your keepers.”
I rolled my eyes. “Tell me about it,” I muttered as I looked down at my hands. 
He rested his hand on mine. “You could stay with me if you’re worried about being safe.”
I looked up at him. He looked serious. I wasn’t quite sure what to think of him yet. I trusted him because I knew him since I was young, but I was still trying to process the whole werewolf thing. Not to mention, I hadn’t mentioned the whole killing Derrick thing yet. 
“I am afraid it isn’t that simple,” I said quietly as I looked away. He didn’t know about my bond with Peirce. I was stuck as far as I knew. I was a little curious about the fact that I could lie to Peirce, maybe Peirce wasn’t really trying to make me tell the truth. To be honest, I felt guilty about lying, but I didn’t know what else to do. I didn’t want to betray Trey.
“I can protect you as well as they can, if not better than they can,” he argued as he gently squeezed my hand.
I scoffed in annoyance as I stood, pulling my hand free of his. “I don’t want to be protected. I get that I am weak and all, but for once I would like people to treat me less like a liability.”
“I never said you were a liability. I just thought you were here for protection,” he said sounding a little confused. 
I sighed heavily as I leaned against the window sill and looked out the window. “I don’t really know why I’m here.” It was the truth. I was so confused. I wasn’t sure what I felt, or who I felt it for. I definitely felt something for Peirce, but I wasn’t sure I really wanted to admit that yet. To be honest, the whole thing still scared me. The fact that they were vampires wasn’t something I accepted yet. In a way, I was ignoring it like it might go away eventually. Peirce was making it nearly impossible for me to ignore him. 
“I’m here if you need me, Hailey. I didn’t mean to push you, or upset you,” Trey said hesitantly.
I shook my head and forced a smile as I looked over at him. “I’m glad you’re here. I won’t be confused forever.”
He brightened a little, as he got to his feet. “I should get going. I’ll check in on you in a day or two.”
I nodded. “I’ll be here.” I decided against telling him about my bond with Peirce. I knew it would upset him. Hell … it was still upsetting me.
He moved closer to me and pushed the window all the way up. He climbed out onto the roof, then he turned and smiled at me. I gave him a small wave, then I closed the window. He waved back before disappearing into the darkness. I was pretty sure he leapt off the roof. It didn’t seem safe, but he was a werewolf, so I was guessing it wouldn’t hurt him.
“Your friend doesn’t know how to use a front door?” Peirce’s smooth voice startled me a little. 
I turned and looked up at him. I didn’t think he would come by so soon. “Your friend is gone already?” I countered, sticking my chin out defiantly. I was hoping to distract him, so I didn’t have to discuss Trey with him. 
“My friend is gone … via the front door.” His voice was oddly calm. He almost sounded angry, but not quite. I wasn’t really sure what he was feeling. His expression was his usual calm one that was impossible to interpret. 
I shrugged. “I told him to use the door the next time he came by.” I was making an attempt at brushing him off. It was nearly impossible to do, and I considered it an accomplishment that I was able to remain so nonchalant. 
He stepped forward, closing the space between us. I gasped in surprise at his sudden closeness. My eyes immediately drifted to his full lips. I felt like a lovesick teenage girl, and I hated it. I wanted to fight the feeling with everything I had, but I was frozen. I was his, and he knew it. I pulled my eyes from his lips and met his brilliant green gaze.
His fingertips gently caressed my cheek as his eyes drifted to my lips suggestively. He didn’t wait for permission. He closed the space between us, pressing his lips to mine. I was surprised by the gentle caress of his lips on mine. I was prepared for the passionate kiss he usually gave me.
 “You shouldn’t fight me so hard. You have no idea how good we could be together,” he whispered seductively. His lips were so close to mine, that his lips were almost brushing them as he spoke. 
My heart was racing. Fear and excitement gripped me. I couldn’t recall a time when a man made me feel like this. We were completely alone, and that thought intensified my feelings. 
“I’m afraid,” I whispered, echoing my feelings. 
He smiled slightly. His eyes sparkled with amusement. I thought he might be offended, but it was obvious he wasn’t. “You have nothing to be afraid of.” I held his gaze for a moment, trying to figure out what I should say next. “I’ve got something for you,” he said breaking the silence. He moved his hand from my cheek and reached into his pocket. I was a little caught off guard. I didn’t expect him to give me anything. He produced a delicate necklace. It was a platinum chain with a delicate teardrop diamond. 
“It’s beautiful,” I said breathlessly. The diamond was brilliant. It was glinting in the light of the bedside table lamp. 
“It is for your birthday.” He moved so he was behind me. He reached around me, placing the necklace on my neck. 
I reached up and gently touched the cool teardrop stone. “Thank you,” I murmured. I wasn’t sure what else to say. I never received anything so nice from anyone, especially not from a guy. 
He ran his hands over my arms, then he gently brushed his lips against my neck. “It looks lovely on you.”
My pulse quickened at his affectionate touch. I leaned into him. I pressed my body into his and closed my eyes. I was enjoying the closeness. The fear I felt before was no longer as stifling as it had been. A small groan escaped my lips as his fangs sank into my neck. The intense pleasure of his bite rushed over me. I knew he would bite me eventually, but the feeling always took me by surprise. His arm looped around my waist. He held me securely and I let my body relax into his arms. I had a sudden feeling of complete trust. I knew I was letting him go to my head, but at that moment I didn’t care … nothing else in the world mattered but him.

Chapter 21

I woke up tangled in Peirce’s arms. My cheek was pressed to his bare chest, and he seemed to be sleeping soundly. I took a slow, deep breath, inhaling his scent. Everything about him was intoxicating. I was beginning to think that was the scariest part about him. I could always find flaws in every man I met, even Trey, but I couldn’t find a single flaw in Peirce. He was perfect in every way. Part of me knew this wasn’t possible. It had to be his effect on me. He had to be making me think and feel this way. Everyone said a vampire’s bond would make the human obsessive over the vampire. That had to be what I was feeling. In a way, I felt that way about Peirce prior to bonding with him. He didn’t have a flaw then either. I hated the confusing battle I was having with myself. I wished I was one of the other girls I saw all the time, the ones that fawned over their vampire master. They were completely content being oblivious to their master’s true feelings about them. All they cared about was the fact that he was there with them in that moment. None of them considered what would happen once he got tired of them and found someone new. 
I cringed slightly at the fact that I was referring to him as my master. That was what he considered himself, and what others considered him. I wasn’t sure if I liked that. I reached over and laid my hand over his bare abdomen. He was oddly still. His skin was soft, like silk. His body was completely flawless. I moved my fingers over his bare skin, enjoying the way his skin felt against my hand. 
“Are you having fun,” he asked playfully.
I peeked up at him. His eyes were still closed, and he had a slight smile playing at his lips. I had a feeling he was enjoying my touch.
“Your skin is soft,” I said for lack of something better to say. 
He laughed. “I suppose it is.” He reached down and brushed his fingers through my hair. 
I didn’t remember much after he bit me. I was wearing a nightie that I didn’t recall changing into. He must’ve changed me later on. The covers came up to his waist. I had a feeling he was wearing nothing underneath. I felt my cheeks redden at the thought. I suddenly wondered if we were together. I would think I would remember that. It would’ve been my first time with a man. I didn’t see how I wouldn’t know.
“I am a gentleman. I wouldn’t take you without your permission,” he said as if he read my mind.
“How do you know what I was thinking?” I asked slightly annoyed. I sat up slowly, deciding I needed to put some space between us before I gave him permission. 
“It’s not that hard to tell with you.” He rolled. “It’s too early for me to be up. I will be up in a couple hours.” 
I was a little surprised that he was going back to sleep. I thought he might leave, but he seemed content where he was. I glanced at the clock on the bedside table. It was only a little after three in the afternoon. I was wide awake, so I was going to get up, and maybe find something to eat.
I climbed out of the bed and slipped my robe on. I walked to the door and hesitated with my hand on the knob. I looked Peirce over one last time. The urge to climb back into bed with him was a little more intense than I anticipated. I shook the feeling, and quickly slipped out of the room. 
I walked slowly down the hall toward the stairs. The house was quiet. I knew everyone was probably still asleep. It was early for vampires to be up and about. I made my way downstairs to the kitchen. I walked into the kitchen and hesitated when I saw Meg sitting at the counter. She was looking down at a book.
She looked up when she heard me come in. She smiled. “Hey, I was wondering if you would be up soon.”
I was slightly caught off guard by her light mood. I didn’t think she would be so happy to see me. “I was hungry.” I continued toward the fridge. “What are you doing?” I peeked at the book she was reading. It was a cookbook.
She smiled nervously. “Well, I’m going to make you a cake since it’s your birthday.”
“You don’t have to do that, Meg.” I was surprised. I really didn’t think she wanted anything to do with me anymore. I was really surprised that she wanted to bake me a cake. 
“I want to. After everything that’s happened, I just want to try to get back to as normal as I possibly can.” She turned her attention back to the cookbook.
“How have you been?” I was a little hesitant to ask. I was trying to give her space. I thought it was what she wanted. Now that I thought about it, we had both been distancing ourselves from one another. 
She shrugged, like she wasn’t sure how she was feeling. “I’m okay, I think. Lacy has made things a lot easier, and Grace is happy with Lilith, so I think everything will be okay.”
I completely understood how she felt. Confusion was about the best word I could find to describe how I constantly felt. I wondered if I should ask her more about Lacy. She never said much about her, but I knew through the others that Meg and Lacy were romantically involved. It was really none of my business, but I was curious because Meg had been my best friend for as long as I could remember, and I never expected her to like girls. 
She looked up at me after a few minutes. “How are you and Peirce? Is he treating you well?” 
I didn’t like that the subject had changed to me, but I was going to play along. “He’s always nice, I guess. I mean he says I can’t leave without his permission, which sucks, but other than that I guess no real complaints.”
“Everyone here speaks highly of him, even Lation. I think he is a good man,” she said absently. 
“The problem is he isn’t a man.” I wondered if the fact that they were vampires bothered her like it did me. 
She watched me for a second, then she looked back at the book. “Humans can be just as evil to one another. You know that. My parents could’ve died at the hands of a human just as easy as they did a vampire.”
I pulled the fridge door open. “I guess you’re right. I guess I just haven’t gotten used to the idea.” 
“Lacy was going to talk Peirce into letting you go shopping with us tonight. I think it will be fun. What do you think?” I like that she changed the subject. Her tone was back to being chipper. It seemed like it had been so long since I last heard her sound happy. 
I smiled. “I think it will be fun.” I retrieved a small carton of fruit and set it on the counter. Before I could say anything else, Michelle walked in the kitchen. She was in a robe like she just woke up. I glanced at Meg and she visibly stiffened like she didn’t like Michelle any more than I did. 
“Well, well, if it isn’t the vampire bait,” she said sarcastically. 
I rolled my eyes and focused on my task instead of saying anything. I really wasn’t in the mood to deal with her. 
She giggled, like she knew how much she annoyed me. “I just went to Peirce’s room, and what do you know, he didn’t come home last night.” 
I fought to hold my tongue. Peirce was in my bed, and I wanted to say it so bad, but I knew it would do nothing but infuriate her and put Meg and me in danger. 
“Peirce stayed with Hailey last night,” Meg chimed in. 
I looked up at Meg quickly, then glanced at Michelle. The fury in Michelle’s eyes made me cringe. Michelle turned her angry glare on Meg. “You’re a liar!”
Meg shrugged like she didn’t care whether Michelle believed her or not. “It’s really none of your business anyway.” Meg went back to scanning the cookbook. 
I was about to look back at Michelle for her reaction, but I didn’t get the chance. I was suddenly shoved backwards into the fridge. The fridge rattled as the breath left my body. I felt like my body had been crushed by the force of Michelle’s attack. Michelle’s hand clamped around my throat. My hands went to hers as I attempted to peel her hand off my throat. She had an iron grip and I couldn’t breathe. The fury in her eyes was enough to make me worry she just might kill me. 
“He is too good for you,” she hissed. 
I couldn’t speak to reply. She was holding my throat too tightly. All I could do was hope she didn’t crush my windpipe. I caught a glimpse of Meg as she swung a frying pan at Michelle’s head. It bounced off her head and she released her hold on me. 
I slid to the floor gasping as Michelle turned her anger on Meg. The frying pan barely fazed her. “No, Meg run!” I gasped, as I watched Michelle quickly advance on Meg. 
Meg froze, wide eyed and terrified. Michelle hit her so hard Meg went sailing into the small table and chairs like she was a ragdoll. Meg lay still in a heap among the broken chairs and table. 
I was terrified Meg was dead. I didn’t waste time attempting to attack Michelle. I scrambled across the floor to Meg’s side. “Meg,” I whispered terrified as I rolled her on her back. Blood ran from her mouth and her eyes were closed. Her breathing was shallow, somehow, I knew she was seriously injured. I glared at Michelle fighting back tears. “How could you?”
Michelle scoffed. “She is just as annoying as you. A good riddance if you ask me.”
Her words infuriated me. I lunged at Michelle. I knew I was weak against her, but I had my anger behind me. I threw my body into her as I started punching her. She threw her body into me when she was unable to pull me off her. She ran me into the ledge of the counter. I screamed in agony as the bones in my ribs and back crunched under the force she used. She released me, and I fell to the floor in a heap. The pain was excruciating. I couldn’t move or feel my legs. I tasted blood in my mouth. I knew what she did to me would be fatal. I had a feeling she did to. 
“Meg,” Lacy’s terrified voice caught my attention. Lacy was standing in the doorway. She looked around at the kitchen. Her eyes landed on Meg’s still body. She rushed to her and lifted her in her arms. “What have you done, Michelle?” Lacy’s voice was almost empty. It terrified me. 
“Nothing you shouldn’t have,” Michelle spat, then she was gone. 
“Please, help her,” I pleaded as I watched Lacy.
She looked at me as if she just realized I was there. Her eyes widened. She lay Meg down and hurried to me. She knelt next to me. “You’re dying.”
“I don’t care about me, help Meg!” It was my fault Michelle attacked her. It was always my fault. 
“What is going on?” Lilith’s voice echoed her concern as she hurried over to me. 
“Michelle attacked them. Meg is hurt, but Hailey is dying.” Lacy’s eyes drifted back to where Meg was lying. 
“Go to Meg. I will take her to Peirce. He is the only one who can help her.” Lilith quickly lifted me off the floor.
I wanted to protest, but the pain was stifling. I didn’t want to leave until I was sure Meg was going to be fine. The room started to spin, and I knew I was close to losing consciousness. I wasn’t really sure what happened, but we were suddenly in my bedroom. Peirce was still in my bed. He sat up, as if he sensed out presence. 
His eyes landed on me, and fear filled his expression. “What the hell happened?” He stood, pulling the sheet around his waist. 
“Michelle attacked her and Meg in the kitchen. Meg is seriously injured as well. I am going to find Michelle. Hailey needs your blood quickly.” Lilith lay me on the bed. She was gone before Peirce could reply.
Peirce climbed on the bed next to me and brushed my hair out of my face. “She will pay for this.” 
“Meg …. I need to know Meg is okay,” I begged through gritted teeth. 
“Meg is safe with Lacy. I am going to give you my blood, love. You will feel better when you wake,” he said gently.
He bit his wrist, and then pressed his bleeding wound to my lips. His blood was cool and sweet. I closed my eyes, drinking slowly. I felt a warmth rush over me. It was a comforting feeling. Part of me was terrified to give into it. What if I was dying? The comfort was overwhelming. I gave in without fighting, and everything went black.

Chapter 22

The memory of the pain woke me from my sleep. I was looking at the ceiling of my bedroom. I moved my feet and relief washed over me. I was no longer paralyzed. The thought of being paralyzed was more terrifying than death. I was pretty sure I was close to death before Peirce gave me his blood. My thoughts drifted to Peirce. I wanted him, no … I needed him. The feeling was so intense, it was almost painful. 
“I am here,” Peirce’s soothing voice whispered as he sat down on the bed next to me.
I looked up at him. “Meg,” I whispered. My throat was dry. I wasn’t sure I could speak any louder if I tried. 
“Meg is okay. Here, you need some water.” He helped me sit up. I leaned against his body for support. His arm was around my waist. He put a small cup to my lips and I drank until the cup was empty. 
I buried my face into his soft shirt, breathing in his scent. I was relieved he was with me. He held me tighter as if he felt the same way I did. Before I could speak, the door opened, and Lilith walked in.
Lilith smiled. “She is finally awake, that is a relief.”
“The amount of damage Michelle caused was enough to put a vampire down for a while,” Peirce said angrily.
“Devon is handling Michelle, Peirce. You trust Devon, you know he will see to it that this does not happen again,” Lilith said firmly. 
Peirce didn’t say anything. He ran his fingers through my hair possessively. “Please, leave us. I wish to help her bathe and dress. If she is feeling up to it, we will be down later.”
Lilith didn’t argue. She turned and walked out closing the door behind her. 
Peirce released me. “I am going to run a bath.” 
I lay back against the pillows and watched him walk into the bathroom. My mind was replaying everything that happened in the kitchen. I was so easily defeated by Michelle. It was starting to get to me. I knew I was weak against vampires, and I hated it. I couldn’t protect myself, or my friends. 
Peirce walked out of the bathroom. “The bath is ready.” He had changed into a robe. It was obvious he planned to bathe with me. I was slightly surprised I wasn’t against the idea. 
Peirce peeled the covers back and I swung my feet over the bed. He looped his arm around my waist and helped me stand. He slowly led me toward the bathroom. I still felt incredibly weak. He closed the door behind us, and I sat on a small bench near the tub. 
He knelt in front of me. He grasped the hem of my nightie and lifted it over my head. He laid it on the bench next to me, and then he hooked my panties with his fingers. His fingertips brushed my thighs making my breath catch in my throat. I lifted myself, so he could slide my panties off. It was odd, but I didn’t feel self-conscious like I thought I should. I was completely naked in front of him, and it didn’t bother me. I was turned on, not embarrassed. It wasn’t the first time I was naked in front of him, and I knew it wouldn’t be the last. 
He took my hand and I stood. He led me over to the bath. I stepped into the warm water, then slowly sank down into it. I closed my eyes, relaxing as the tension in my body eased. I heard him climb into the water. I kept my eyes shut. I wanted to see him naked, but I wasn’t sure if I was ready.
He moved over me. The contours of his body pressed to mine as his lips met mine. He kissed me gently, teasing my lips with his. My hands went to his back. I slid them down until I brushed his rear. His skin was still incredibly soft even in the water. His erection pressed against my thigh, but he made no move to use it. His lips trailed from my lips to my neck, then to my breasts. 
“I would love to feed from you, but you are so weak,” he murmured. 
I opened my eyes, and my eyes locked with his blazing green eyes. I reached up and brushed his hair behind his ear. His expression was soft, almost like he was worried. “How do you really feel for me?” I asked before I really thought about it.
He looked a little caught off guard by my question. He slowly moved back, so he was sitting across from me. His expression went back to his usual blank one. It was obvious he wasn’t exactly comfortable with the question. “I am not sure what you mean.”
I scoffed. “You’re intelligent enough to know what I mean, you just don’t want to tell me.” I leaned back and closed my eyes, trying to relax. There were a few minutes of silence, and I could feel his eyes on me the whole time.
“What if there is nothing to tell yet?” His tone was gentle like he was afraid to make me angry.   
I looked at him, considering what he was saying. “What is the point of bonding with someone if you don’t know what you feel for them?” 
“There are many reasons to bond. It is not necessarily about feelings.” He sounded like he was trying to let me down easy. Sometimes, he was so confusing. He would act like he was attracted to me one minute, then the next he was brushing me off like I was a silly girl. 
I sighed. “Are you seeing that other woman too?” 
“She is just a friend. I enjoy her company and that is all.” He sounded as nonchalant as he usually did. 
I didn’t immediately reply. I didn’t really have anything to say. The fact that he was in the same bathtub as me, was a little distracting. I wanted him, but I didn’t want to be used. I avoided being with guys for so long because I didn’t want to be used, and then told I was just a friend. Maybe I was overthinking it. It didn’t matter. I wasn’t going to be with Peirce until he could give me a straight answer. 
“The boy that was in your room the other night … are you seeing him?” he asked breaking the silence. 
I shook my head. “He’s just a friend.”
“I was under the impression you two were intimate.” He actually managed to sound annoyed. 
I looked at him confused. “Going on a couple dates doesn’t mean we were intimate. He was my boyfriend for a little while, but it was more of a friendship.”
“A friendship?” he asked confused. “He seems to want more than that.”
“He does … I think, but I don’t know what I want,” I said absently. 
“Why haven’t you been with him? What stopped you?” He was a little more curious than I liked. 
I wasn’t sure if I was comfortable talking about sex with him. “I’m not intimate with just anyone.” Hell … I wasn’t really intimate with anyone. Peirce was present every time I came close to being intimate. It was usually with him, and one time with Lation, but Peirce was there too. 
He smiled slightly. “How many men have you been with?” 
I scowled. “How many women have you been with?” I countered. He sounded a little bit like he was making fun of me, and I didn’t like it. 
“I am extremely old, and not arrogant enough to keep track. I am just curious, it will not change my opinion of you in any way,” he said as he continued to watch me.
I pulled my knees to my chest as I sat up and looked at him. “I thought you would know all that, being that we are bonded and all.”
He laughed. “I do not sift through all your thoughts and memories. The vampires who do that are usually out to abuse the humans they bond with.”
“Hmmm,” I said thoughtfully. I poked a small cluster of bubbles and watched them pop. 
He smiled slightly. “Are you going to answer me?” 
I smiled and shook my head. “Maybe one day, but not today.” I liked having some secrets. I didn’t want him to know everything about me, when I knew so little about him.
“Is Amanda the reason you won’t have sex with me?” he asked bluntly.
I looked at him a little startled. I didn’t expect him to come right out and ask. I was guessing Amanda was the girl’s name … the one he was always hanging around. He never really plainly stated he wanted to have sex with me. I thought he might, but I wasn’t sure because he was so hot and cold at times.
“I’m not sure,” I said trying to think of a reason. I didn’t really have one. I said ‘yes’ the night with him and Lation, but they put me to sleep instead. “I said yes the night with you and Lation, but nothing happened,” I said echoing my thoughts.
“I decided against that night because I didn’t like Lation touching you,” he said dryly.
I smiled slightly as I looked up at him. “You were jealous?”
He raised his eyebrows slightly. “I never said that. You weren’t bonded to either of us. I didn’t want to give Lation any advantages.”
I rolled my eyes and went back to poking bubbles. “Lation’s an ass now. He seemed so sweet when I met him.” 
“Lation is a sore loser,” Peirce growled in a clipped tone.
“You cheated, I could see why he would be angry,” I countered as I met his green gaze. 
He scowled and moved forward. He pushed my knees apart as he covered my body with his. He stopped when his face was inches from my face. “You think I am unfair, but if you bonded with Lation, he wouldn’t be politely asking you why you were denying him your body. He would take what he felt was his.”
I felt my cheeks redden. My pulse quickened at his closeness. I could smell his light cologne, and that combined with his body pressing to mine was distracting. “Do you feel that way? Do you feel my body is yours?” I was surprised I wasn’t offended. I wasn’t quite sure how I felt. Part of me liked the way he was claiming ownership over me. The other part of me was being stifled by Peirce’s presence. 
“Yes, I do. I feel I am being unfairly denied, but I respect you,” he whispered as he pressed his lips to my neck.
I closed my eyes savoring the feel of his lips on my neck. “That isn’t enough. I want your love.” I said it before I could really think about what I was saying. 
He hesitated with his lips against my neck. “Love?” He said it like it was partly a question, but not really. He was testing the word like he wasn’t sure about it. “Why love?” he asked sounding a little skeptical.
I sighed. “I want a man who loves and respects me to take my virginity, not just a man who respects me.” I felt him tense against me as soon as I spoke. I opened my eyes, and his eyes locked with mine. We were both frozen, neither of us sure what to do next. I closed the distance between us and pressed my lips to his.
I thought he might pull away, or stop me, but he didn’t. He ran his hands down my sides as he reciprocated my kiss. His mouth tasted so sweet. Just as I was relaxing into his kiss, he pulled away. 
“I have to go,” he said quietly.
I looked at him confused. “What? Now?”
He smiled slightly as he brushed my cheek with his fingertips. “Yes, now.” He moved away from me and climbed out of the bathtub. 
I didn’t divert my eyes. I wanted to see him naked. He was a beautiful creature. He watched me as he slipped his robe on. “I will see you in a little while. Try to relax until you regain your strength.”
I nodded. “I will.”
He turned and walked out of the bathroom, leaving me alone. I sighed and leaned back. He was so confusing, and it was annoying at times. 
I was suddenly tired of being in the bathtub. I climbed out and wrapped a towel around my body. I opened the bathroom door, and hesitated when I saw Trey sitting on my bed.
He looked up at me. His expression was darker than usual. His eyes were the odd color they changed when he was upset or angry. 
“Trey, are you okay?” I asked worried. 
He nodded as he stood. He stuck his hands in his pocket as he glanced around the room. “I can leave until you get dressed.”
“It’s fine. You can just turn around.” I walked to my dresser to retrieve some clothes. 
He turned so he was facing the wall. “I didn’t realize you were seeing Peirce.”
“It’s a little more complicated than that.” I quickly began to dress. 
“Tell me how it is complicated.” I could hear the hurt and anger in his voice.
I knew this was coming. I never meant to mislead him. In fact, I thought I was pretty clear about not wanting a relationship. “Trey, I’m bonded to Peirce,” I said hesitantly as I moved toward him. He stiffened, but he didn’t move. I reached out and touched his arm to let him know he could turn around.
He turned and looked down at me. “I didn’t realize you cared about him so much.”
I scoffed. “It wasn’t exactly a choice. He did it to protect me. I promise I haven’t said anything about you to him.”
“How could you not? If he orders you, you will have no choice but to tell him. My entire pack is in danger because of me.” He suddenly looked extremely angry.
“I won’t tell. He already asked me if I knew any werewolves and I told him no. That idiot, Paul, came to them claiming I was commanding a pack of werewolves and I commanded them to kill Derrick. I denied it because I knew it would put you in danger if I admitted to knowing anything about werewolves.” I wanted him to know I wasn’t going to betray him. I felt like I owed it to him in a way. 
He seemed to relax a little. “I wish you would leave with me.”
I smiled as I ran my hand down his arm. “I can’t. Peirce won’t let me go.”
His expression darkened again. “You’re okay with that?”
I shook my head. “I’m not, but he is doing it because he thinks he is keeping me safe. He does care about what happens to me, and he has kept me safe. I’m fine, and I know you’ll always be there if I need you.”
He sighed heavily as he looked toward the window. “I should go.” He turned to leave, and I caught his hand. He looked down at me.
“I’m sorry if I misled you in any way,” I said apologetically.
He nodded. “I’m fine.” He pulled his hand free of my grasp and walked to the window. He climbed out and disappeared into the darkness. 
I sat down on the bed as I stared out the window. I hoped I wasn’t making a mistake. A light knock on the door quickly distracted me.
“Come in,” I called as I stood. 
The door opened, and Meg peeked her head in and smiled. “Meg!” I hurried over to her and hugged her. I was so relieved she was okay. Peirce said she was, but I liked seeing her for myself.
“I’m glad you’re okay. That bitch ruined your birthday,” she pouted. 
I laughed. “I know she did. I’m just glad you’re okay. I don’t even know how long I’ve been out.”
“Only two days. They said she really hurt you,” she said quietly.
I smiled. “I’m fine now. I promise.” I didn’t want Meg to be sad. 
“Good,” she said brightening a little. “I was hoping you would want to watch a movie with me or something. We have to postpone our shopping trip until you get your strength back.”
I nodded. “Watching a movie sounds fun.”
“Great! I will be back. I’ve got the perfect movie.” She hurried out. 
I walked back over to the bed and sat down. My thoughts went back to Trey and Peirce.
“Knock, knock,” Alec said as he leaned against my doorjamb. 
I smiled slightly. “Hey.” 
“You look better than you did a couple nights ago.” He walked into the room and sat down on the bed next to me.
“I bet. Meg went to get a movie. Do you want to watch it with us?” I figured I would ask him. It seemed like it had been a while since I last saw him; I kinda missed him.
He nodded. “I don’t have anything else to do at the moment.”
I climbed up on the bed and patted the spot next to me. He climbed over next to me. I snuggled up against his chest. The last time I spoke to him, he and I were fighting over the werewolves. I was surprised he didn’t say anything about it. 
Meg walked back into the room. “I got it.” She hesitated when she saw Alec. “Hey, Alec. I thought you were away with Devon.”
Alec smiled. “Just got back.” 
“Oh, okay.” She put the movie in and climbed onto the bed on the other side of me. 
I liked being near them both. They were both my best friends. Peirce and I were close, but it was different than my relationship with Alec and Meg. I was glad to have them both. They made me feel a little bit normal. 

Chapter 23

I opened my eyes slowly. I wasn’t really sure what woke me up. I lay there for a minute trying to figure out what it was. The low whispers caught my attention, and I suddenly knew the voices are what woke me. I strained to listen to the voices just outside my door.
“When did it happen?” Alec asked sounding grim.
“A couple hours ago. Peirce needs you to keep Hailey distracted for a day or two. She isn’t going to be happy,” Lilith said gently. 
I was suddenly suspicious. I made it a point to remain still. I didn’t want them to hear me moving around and stop talking. 
“Hailey isn’t easy to keep a secret from, you know that,” Alec said grumpily.
“Peirce doesn’t want her to know. He wants to tell her himself. I don’t really understand his reasoning at the moment, but I am sure he has a good reason,” Lilith said firmly.
“Fine, just keep me updated,” Alec said quietly. 
I heard Lilith’s footsteps retreat, and Alec came back into the room. I sat up slowly like I had just awoken. Meg was gone, and I didn’t remember much of the movie. “What’s going on?”
He shook his head as he climbed into the bed next to me. “Nothing. Peirce has some stuff to do. He’ll be busy for a couple days. He just wants to make sure you’re looked after.”
I lay there for a moment. My back was pressed to Alec’s chest. Normally, it would have been an intimate position, but I didn’t feel that way for Alec, and I knew he didn’t feel that way for me. We were friends, and nothing more. “Alec?” I knew he was omitting things. I could tell he was ordered to by the part of the conversation I caught him and Lilith having.
“Yes?” He hesitated like he sensed my question would be one he couldn’t answer.
“You don’t have to lie to me. I’m not a child,” I said quietly.
“I never thought you were. Peirce asked me …” he started, but I cut him off.
“Peirce treats me like a child. You and I don’t have the same relationship. Please tell me what’s going on,” I pleaded. I knew pleading with Alec would be better than demanding. Alec had a soft spot for me. 
“Damn it,” he muttered as he pulled me tighter to his chest. “Tell anyone I told you, and I will personally kick your ass.”
I smiled slightly. “Okay.”
He sighed in annoyance. “Someone attacked Amanda tonight. She was too injured to save, so Peirce turned her.”
I felt the slight tinge of anger and jealousy, but I quickly pushed it away. “Why hide that from me?” 
“Because you’re angry now. Peirce was worried it would push you further away from him. I have a feeling he was right,” Alec said dryly. 
“Why did he do it then?” I asked sharply. I didn’t like that I was so jealous, but it wasn’t something I could control. 
“Don’t be selfish, Hailey. She would’ve died otherwise,” he chided. 
“I suppose you are right.” I decided I didn’t want to discuss it any longer. I lay there trying to go back to sleep, but I couldn’t. I was too upset and angry to even try. My emotions were uncontrollable. I was trying not to be so selfish, but I couldn’t help it. It was all Peirce’s fault. He made me feel this way. He made me crazy. “I hate him,” I muttered.
“Hailey,” Alec growled, voicing his obvious disapproval. He squeezed me gently like he was making his point. 
“I want to go to Florida with my parents. Do you think he will let me?” I asked hoping Alec would at least think there was a chance.
“I suppose I could convince him to let you go for a couple days. I’ll go with you, so he will be more likely to agree,” he said thoughtfully. 
I rolled and buried my face in Alec’s chest. “Thank you,” I whispered as I held him tighter. I wanted to get away. I missed my parents. They hadn’t returned yet. I knew it was for the best, but it was still hard to be away from them for so long, especially my father. 
“Don’t thank me yet. Peirce hasn’t agreed yet,” he said dryly.
I knew he would agree. If he wanted me distracted, going to Florida for a couple days would be the perfect opportunity for that. 

I barely slept. Alec stayed next to me, and that was a comfort. My mind kept going to Peirce. I wondered what he was doing with Amanda. The thoughts were plaguing me and making me sick. I hated feeling like a girl with a crush. I was only hoping getting away would help me. 
I sat up around four in the afternoon. I couldn’t sleep any longer. I was going insane. I wanted to start packing. I wanted to leave as soon as we could. I went to my drawers and started selecting clothes. 
“He hasn’t agreed to anything. I haven’t even asked him yet,” Alec said dryly. 
I glanced over at him. I didn’t even realize he was awake. “I know he doesn’t want me here. He will agree, I’m sure of it,” I said absently.
Alec sat up slowly. “It isn’t that he doesn’t want you here.”
“I don’t need to hear about how much he cares about me. I just want to go,” I said firmly.
He raised his hands in surrender. “Fine, I’ll go ask him now. If he agrees, I’ll book the soonest flight.”
“Thank you.” I went back to what I was doing. Alec left me. I was hoping he would return soon. I wanted to leave as soon as possible. I didn’t want to answer any questions. Once I had what I wanted to take gathered, I went and showered. I figured by the time I was done, Alec would have an answer.

I stepped out of the bathroom. I was showered and dressed. I glanced at the clock. It had been almost two hours, and Alec hadn’t returned. I debated going downstairs and finding out what was going on, but I decided against it. I walked over to the bed and sat down impatiently. 
The door opened, and Peirce walked in. He looked a little worn and flustered. I was slightly disappointed that it wasn’t Alec. “Alec says you wish to leave.”
I nodded. “I want to go see my parents. He said you would be busy for a few days anyways.” 
“I really don’t think leaving will make you feel any better,” he said gently.
I scowled slightly as I stood. “I have a right to see my parents. I’ve been patient with your rules so far. I don’t understand why I can’t go.”
He raised his hands silencing me. “I didn’t say you couldn’t go.”
“Is Alec booking a flight then?” I asked as I went to gather some of my cosmetics. I needed to keep myself busy. I couldn’t focus on Peirce. 
“Yes, I suppose I will see you in a couple days,” he said hesitantly.
I nodded, but I didn’t say anything. I heard the door open and close, and I knew he was gone. I thought I would breathe a sigh of relief once he was gone, but all that was left was an ache in my chest. 
Alec arrived to get me after about thirty minutes. He was able to get a last-minute flight, which was a relief. He gathered my things and I followed him down to the car. I felt a little bad that I was leaving without telling anyone goodbye, but I felt trapped. If I didn’t escape while I could, then I didn’t know if I would be able to. 
The flight was long, and I was relieved when it was over. I called my parents on the way to the airport, and they texted me the address of the house they were renting. They were excited that I was visiting. I knew they were probably worried about me. 
Alec trailed behind me, carrying most of the bags. “What is the plan?” he asked sounding a little disgruntled. 
“We’re going to get a cab. Their house is on the beach, not far from here.” I continued to push my way through the crowd. I was getting tired, and I was getting impatient. 
Once the fresh air hit me, I felt a little better. Alec stood beside me as I waved a taxi down. He loaded the trunk and we both climbed in the cab. 
“I told my parents you’re my boyfriend, so play along,” I said quietly.
He laughed. “How did I get that honor?”
I shrugged. “I figured it was easier to explain, and you can stay in my room with me.”
“Whatever you want is fine with me.” He smiled slightly. “This should be fun. I’ve never been to Florida,” he said as he watched the scenery fly by.
It was early morning and the sun was just coming up, but the city was still full of life. I was trying to keep my mood light, but it seemed impossible. The way I left things with Peirce was bothering me. I was trying to justify it, but I wasn’t making myself feel any better. 
Soon, the cab pulled up to my parent’s house. I climbed out and Alec followed me. We got our bags and he paid the cabby. He followed me up to the house. I knocked on the door. My stepmother answered almost immediately.
“We are so glad you came.” She hugged me. I was a little surprised by her affection. 
“I’m glad too,” I said feeling a little better. “This is Alec,” I said indicating Alec.
“Hello.” She offered her hand.
“Nice to meet you,” Alec said politely as he shook her hand. 
“Come on, I will show you your room. Your father isn’t up yet. You’ll see him at breakfast.” She moved toward the stairs. I followed her up the stairs, and Alec followed me. She opened the first door she came to. 
“Thanks Mom.” I set my bags down. Alec followed me in and set his bags down as well. 
She smiled. “If you need anything we are right down the hall. Breakfast is at nine. I’ll let you get some rest until then.”
I nodded as I sat down on the bed. She closed the door behind her, leaving Alec and me alone.
Alec sat down on the bed next to me. He touched my hand. “Do you feel better?” 
I nodded. “I think time will help me too. I’m going to take a nap before breakfast.” I kicked my shoes off.
He nodded. “I will join you.”
I climbed in the bed, and he moved up next to me. I closed my eyes and attempted to relax. I was glad Alec was with me. He was helping me stay a little saner. I didn’t understand why I felt so lost. I had a feeling it had to do with my bond to Peirce. I was far from him, and I could feel it. It was an emptiness in my chest … a stifling ache. I was doing my best to ignore it, but I wasn’t sure how long that would last. 

Chapter 24

I wished sleep would come easily, but it didn’t. I tried to keep the tossing and turning to a minimum. I didn’t want to disturb Alec. I glanced at the clock, it was almost nine. I decided to stop battling myself. I climbed out of bed and made my way downstairs. I figured I would leave Alec to sleep since he was used to sleeping during the day. I was too, but my parents would think it was odd for me. I could just claim Alec worked in the evenings. It wasn’t like I could sleep anyways. 
My stepmother was in the kitchen making breakfast. She smiled when I walked in. She seemed so much happier here, than at home. “Breakfast will be done soon. Is Alec going to join us?” 
I shook my head. “He works at night, and he has been up for a while. The flight was last minute.”
She nodded. “I was surprised you decided to come. I think your father was too.”
“So, you guys like it here then?” I looked around. The house was great. The view of the beach was even better. I could see why they hadn’t come home.
“We love it here. We are actually considering staying. We were going to discuss it with you of course. I know all your friends are back home,” she said hesitantly. 
“I think you should stay.” I didn’t really want them to stay, but I knew they were safer here than at home. 
“Maybe once the school year is over, you could come join us. Maybe find a college down here?” She set a cup of coffee in front of me.
To be honest, I completely forgot about school. I did need to finish my last year. I decided not to mention the fact that I hadn’t been to school in a while. It really hadn’t been that long, but it was long enough. “Maybe,” I said absently. I grabbed my coffee cup and walked over to the French doors. The view was amazing. 
“Why don’t you help me set the table? Your father will be down soon.” She continued to hurry around the kitchen. 
I nodded and walked back over to the counter. I had to try to get back to my normal routine around my parents. It was going to be difficult, but I was going to try. 

After breakfast, my father hurried off to a meeting. My stepmother had to go to some club she joined, so I was on my own. I considered waking Alec up, but I decided against it. I found my way to the living room and picked up a book my stepmother was reading. I read the back cover and smiled slightly when I saw it was a vampire book. I sighed and set the book aside. I leaned back against the couch and closed my eyes. My thoughts immediately drifted to Peirce. I wanted to know what he was doing. The idea that he was with Amanda was driving me insane. 
I heard footsteps on the stairs and I knew Alec was awake. He looked a little disgruntled as he pulled his shirt on. “It’s way too bright here,” he muttered as he sat down next to me.
I smiled. “It is Florida.”
He sighed. “I know. Let’s go find something to do.” He ran his fingers through his hair.
I was actually relieved he was ready to distract me. I needed the distraction. I immediately stood, ready to go. “Are we walking, or do I need to call a cab?”
He got to his feet. “Walking, then maybe we will get a cab or rent a car.”
He followed me out of the house. There was a lot going on already. I was actually excited about spending the day exploring. 

We found a car rental place not far from the house. Alec rented a car, then we went to a couple different sights. We spent a lot of time shopping at the small boutiques. Alec bought me too many new clothes. He bought himself a few pieces too. I was surprised that I was actually having a lot of fun. 
We returned to the house around six. I knew dinner would be soon. My parents were always having dinner around six. We walked into the house, and my mother appeared around the corner. She was dressed up like she was going out.
She smiled. “Run upstairs and get dressed, both of you. We’re going out for dinner.”
Alec grinned. “Sounds fun.” He hurried up the stairs ahead of me. I followed him, deciding I would wear one of my new dresses. 
I walked into the room as Alec was going through his bags. “We should go to one of the nightclubs after dinner.” He selected one of his new shirts.
I nodded. “That sounds like fun.” I picked a short, pink dress. It would be perfect for going to dinner, and then going clubbing. I slipped it on, then went and touched up my makeup. I brushed my hair and found my high heels. I turned toward Alec. “How do I look?” 
He was sitting on the bed waiting for me. He smiled. “You look great.”
“Good, let’s go. I’m sure they are getting impatient.” I grabbed my purse.
He stood and followed me out of the room. My parents were waiting like I thought they would be. We decided to take separate cars because Alec and I planned on staying out. My parents said they preferred to go home after dinner. I didn’t really want them tagging along anyway. It would more than likely kill the fun if they did.
My parents took us to a fancy Italian restaurant. My father had a reservation. I didn’t think we could get into a place like it without one. I was surprised at how well Alec got along with them. He was able to dodge personal questions and keep things light. I was glad he was willing to take most of the attention off me. I didn’t really feel like trying to answer questions my parents had.
Once dinner was over, my parents left. Alec held my door open for me and I climbed in. “Do you know where we’re going?” I asked as he climbed into his seat.
He nodded. “There’s a couple clubs around here. I figured we would hang out for a little bit, then head home.”
I nodded. It was already a little after nine. Dinner seemed to take forever. My parents definitely loved to talk. 
Alec put the radio on low as he drove into downtown. I remained silent, content with watching the buildings pass. He parked in a dark alley. A little way down, there was a neon sign over a doorway. The place looked a little too much like a dive bar for my taste.
“Is this a vampire bar?” I asked curiously.
He nodded. “I have to feed at some point. There is no better place.” He climbed out before I could complain. I was technically food for them. I didn’t think it was a great idea to walk into a vampire bar. 
He walked around my side and opened my door. I smiled up at him. “You do realize I’m technically food here, right?” 
He laughed. “You’re bonded. They’ll leave you alone, I promise.” He offered his arm.
I slipped my arm in his. “You better be right,” I said hesitantly. My mission was to escape vampires, not go to their feeding den. I understood he needed to feed, but he could’ve left me behind … I wouldn’t have complained. 
The doorman let us walk by without even questioning us. I knew it was because Alec was a vampire. The club was dimly lit. The music was low, and it was incredibly crowded. Alec seemed to relax as soon as we entered the club. He shifted so he was holding my hand. I was a little reluctant, but I let him lead me deeper into the club. People reached out and touched him like they sensed what he was. 
He stopped at the bar and ordered a drink. He looked down at me. “I’m going to leave you here for a few minutes. Stay put and I will find you.” 
Before I could protest, he was disappearing into the crowd. I glanced around nervously. The bartender set a drink in front of me, catching my attention. I looked at him, and I could immediately tell he was a vampire. He was a relatively decent looking one. He had long black hair, hazel eyes, and tanned skin. He looked like he was of Spanish descent. 
He smiled slightly. “You should tell your friend he shouldn’t leave pretty girls alone.”
“Yeah, I was getting to that, but he disappeared too quickly,” I said dryly.
He laughed. “I haven’t seen you around before.”
“I’m just visiting.” I glanced around nervously. 
“You didn’t look like you were from here. My name is Julio.” He offered his hand.
I decided to be nice. “Hailey.” He seemed like he was just trying to be friendly. I didn’t get any creepy vibes from him anyway. I took his hand, and he seemed to hold it a little longer than I liked. I pulled away from his grasp and brushed my hair behind my ear nervously.
He raised his eyebrows. “Your master isn’t here with you?” 
“How do you know the one I was with isn’t my master?” I was suddenly curious. 
He smiled. “I just know he isn’t. Where is your master?” 
I shrugged. “He’s around.” I decided it would be best not to tell him everything. I didn’t know who he was, and I didn’t trust him. 
He smiled slightly. “I’m not one of the ones you have to worry about.”
It was a little unnerving because it seemed like he could read my thoughts. “Oh, who do I have to worry about?”
He laughed. “There are several, I am just not one of them.” 
A loud commotion and screaming caught my attention. Julio was suddenly gone. I stayed in my seat as people began to move toward the commotion. I was suddenly worried about Alec. I didn’t want to move because then he wouldn’t be able to find me. 
Julio suddenly appeared in front of me. “You have to leave.” 
“What … no … not without Alec,” I said worried. 
“I’m not asking.” He grabbed my arm and pulled me against him. I went to fight, but it was too late. The sudden rush made me dizzy. I clung to him because I felt like I was falling. My vision cleared, and I stumbled away from him. We were in the alley where the car was parked.
“Get to your car and wait for me,” he ordered. Before I could protest, he was gone. 
I cussed in annoyance and hurried to the car. I didn’t have the keys, Alec did. Julio suddenly reappeared with Alec. Alec was bloody and unconscious. 
A rush of panic hit me. “What happened?”
“Territory fight. Where are the keys?” he asked impatiently.
“He has them.” I quickly began searching Alec’s pockets. I found the keys and unlocked the doors. Julio opened the back door and put Alec across the back seats. 
“Get in,” he ordered as he opened the passenger door. 
I didn’t argue. I climbed in, and he hurried around to the driver’s side. I gave him the keys and he started the car and sped away from the club.
I looked Alec over. He looked bad. “Is he okay?”
He glanced at me. “He needs blood. I suggest you give it to him.”
I climbed in the backseat. There was blood everywhere. Alec’s eyes were closed. I was terrified he was dead. I pressed my wrist to his lips, but he didn’t do anything. “He won’t bite me. I don’t know what to do,” I said panicked.
“Give me your wrist,” he ordered. I shifted and offered him my wrist. He bit my wrist making me gasp. “There, now let the blood drip into his mouth.”
I shifted my position and did what he said. I pressed my wrist to Alec’s lips. He made no move to drink, so I let as much as I could run into his mouth. I brushed his hair out of his eyes. There was so much blood. It was making me sick to look at it.
“Is he going to die?” I asked worried.
Julio shook his head. “No, he is just hurt. You have to leave the city, both of you. I will take you outside Drake’s territory. From there, you’re on your own.”
“Thank you.” I moved back into the passenger seat. My heart was racing, and I felt cold. I was scared. I wished Peirce was here. 
He glanced at me. “You belong to the Lockwoods then?”
I nodded. “Peirce.” I decided I didn’t want to deny it. In a way it felt like a protection. I needed to call Peirce. I looked around for my purse, but it was gone. I knew I must’ve left it behind. It had my phone and everything in it. I climbed back into the backseat and looked through Alec’s pockets. I found his phone, but it was blood soaked and wouldn’t turn on. “Damn it,” I muttered as I threw it on the floor. I didn’t know any of their numbers. 
He glanced at me through the rearview mirror. “We will stop at a hotel and clean up. It’s going to be hard to travel with all the blood on your clothes.”
“Okay.” I watched the city streets turn into highway. I was a little relieved to be getting away from whoever attacked Alec, but I still didn’t know if I could trust Julio. We both remained silent over the next two hours. I was relieved when he finally pulled off the road into a small motel.
“I will get a room.” He climbed out of the car. 
I watched him walk to the office. After a few minutes, he came back to the car, and opened the rear door. He pulled Alec out. I climbed out and followed him to the room. He unlocked the room door, and I followed him in. He tossed Alec on the bed.
“Get his clothes off and clean him up. I’ll find you both some fresh clothes.” He disappeared before I could speak.
I went to work doing as he asked. Alec had several wounds on his chest. Some were still seeping blood. I got his clothes off and covered his waist with a sheet. I pressed washcloths to the bleeding wounds. I wished he would heal already. I attempted to press my wrist to his lips again, but he made no move to feed. 
The door opened, and Julio came in carrying an armful of supplies and clothes. “I brought stuff to dress his wounds.”
“Why isn’t he healing?” I asked as I walked over and retrieved some of the gauze pads and tape.
“Silver. He will heal in a few days,” he said as he watched me.
I slowly began to put gauze pads over the wounds. I glanced up at Julio. He had his shirt off. He was attempting to dress a wound he had on his side. 
“I didn’t realize you were hurt.” I went to him. I wanted to help him. It was the least I could do since he saved Alec and me. I knelt in front of him and took the gauze pad from him. He remained silent while I cleaned the wound. I pressed the gauze to his wound and taped it up. His shirt was covered in blood like he lost quite a bit himself. I looked up at him. “Do you need to feed?” 
He nodded. “I do.” 
I stood and offered him my wrist. I was a little nervous about feeding a vampire I didn’t know, but I owed it to him. 
He grasped my wrist and pulled me into his lap. I gasped in surprise when he buried his face in my neck and bit me. My body completely relaxed, and I couldn’t fight. I wasn’t as afraid as I should have been. His hands held me firmly in place. After a few minutes, he released me. “Thank you,” he murmured as he helped me sit up. 
I nodded, still a little out of it. “I’m going to shower and change.” I stood, and then I walked to the table and gathered some clothes. I retreated into the bathroom and locked the door. It felt odd when another vampire touched me like that. I was used to Peirce touching me, not Julio. 
I focused on cleaning up. I started the shower and quickly undressed. I stepped into the hot water and attempted to relax. A loud crashing sound made me freeze. The door to the bathroom splintered apart making me jump. I pressed my body to the shower wall terrified of what was on the other side of the curtain. The curtain was yanked back, and Peirce was standing there. 
“Peirce!” I squeaked relieved. I threw my arms around his neck as I pressed my lips to his. I never imagined feeling such relief. He returned my fevered kiss as his arms embraced me. My body, and the shower was soaking him, but he didn’t seem to care. 
“Are you okay?” He pulled away from me. He was looking me over. His expression darkened as he touched the bite mark on my neck. 
“I’m fine,” I reassured him. “Julio helped us. He saved Alec.”
“Is everything okay in there?” Lation’s slightly disgruntled voice asked from outside the door. 
“Fine, we will be out in a minute,” Peirce growled. He retrieved a towel and wrapped it around my body. His eyes were full of worry. He was looking at me, but he didn’t seem to believe I was okay. “I saw so much blood,” he whispered as he pulled me against him again.
I buried my face in his shirt. “Alec is hurt. I lost my phone, and Alec’s phone is ruined. I didn’t know what to do.”
“You are safe now. Dry off and dress. I need to go speak with Devon,” he said softly.
I nodded, and reluctantly let him pull away from me. He left me, and I quickly dressed. I wanted to know what was going on. I walked out into the room. Julio was in the chair still. He didn’t seem threatened. Alec was still on the bed, but someone put pants on him. Devon and Peirce were looking over Alec’s wounds. Lation’s eyes drifted to me. He seemed to be standing guard. 
“Is he okay?” I asked as I moved closer to Peirce. 
Devon glanced at me. “He is seriously injured, but he should be fine with time. We need to get him home. Lation, help me get him to the truck.”
Lation moved without questioning Devon. They carried Alec out leaving me, Peirce and Julio alone in the room.
Peirce took my hand. “We have to go, Hailey.”
“We can’t leave him; he’s hurt. He helped me and Alec. We would be dead if he didn’t,” I said firmly. 
Julio smiled. “I will be fine on my own, darling.” 
Peirce looked at me for a moment, and then his gaze shifted to Julio. “You’re welcome to come with us. I am sure you made plenty of enemies doing what you did. Perhaps it would be wise to leave until you are healed.”
“I supposed you are right,” Julio said thoughtfully. He slowly stood as his eyes moved to me.
Peirce stepped in front of me protectively. “Make no mistake, you will not be touching her again, or your wounds will be the least of your worries.”
Julio smiled as he raised his hands in surrender. “I never intended to touch her. I know vampire etiquette and it is rude to touch another’s property.”
I wanted to argue that I wasn’t property, but Peirce cut me off. “As long as we understand one another.”
“We do completely,” Julio agreed.
Peirce led me out of the room without replying. I decided now wasn’t the time to have the property argument. I was relieved he came for me. I didn’t know what I was going to do on my own.
“Julio is coming with us,” Peirce said to Lation and Devon. 
Devon nodded. “It would be wise.” He climbed into the driver’s seat. 
Julio climbed into the back next to Alec. I sat next to Peirce, and Lation sat in the passenger seat next to Devon. I was relieved when the motel was out of sight and we were back on the highway.
Peirce was still holding my hand firmly. His thumb rubbed the back of my hand gently. It was a comforting feeling. I could finally relax now that he was next to me. 

Chapter 25

I felt my body being lifted from the seat. I was placed in someone’s lap. I breathed in and the scent of Peirce’s cologne made me relax … I was safe. 
“Are we home?” I murmured. I was so tired … I didn’t even want to open my eyes. 
“No, I need to feed, love,” he whispered. His fingers brushed the skin of my chest as he slowly unbuttoned my shirt. I wasn’t wearing a bra, and I knew we were still in the car. I touched his hand, stopping him from exposing me.
“Wait,” I said nervously.
“We are alone, except for Alec,” he reassured me. I relaxed and let my hand fall to the side. He supported my body with one arm, as his free hand spread my shirt. His lips brushed my nipple, and then rested on my breast. The slight pinch of his bite was quickly overridden by pleasure. He wasn’t usually so intimate when he bit me. His free hand wandered to my other breast. Pleasure rushed over me. I groaned, squirming under his touch. My body responded. I felt my panties dampen as he played with my breasts. He released me and smiled down at me. “You are so beautiful.” He brushed his fingers against my cheek. 
My cheeks flushed, and I straightened. I snuggled against his chest. “I missed you,” I said softly as I caressed his chest. 
“Good.” He slowly began to button my shirt. 
I smiled slightly. I expected the answer he gave me. He still refused to admit he felt anything for me. 
The truck doors opened, and the others began to climb in. Peirce placed me back in my seat. I was completely relaxed and content. I loved the affect his bite had on me.
“We should be home in a couple hours depending on traffic,” Devon said quietly. 
“Good, I hate running on no sleep,” Lation grumbled.
“Did you speak to Lilith?” Peirce asked softly.
Devon glanced at him through the rearview mirror. “She said everything is fine.”
I knew Peirce was asking about Amanda without actually saying it. I didn’t see why he thought it was necessary to hide it from me. I tried to fight the slight tinge of annoyance. He wasn’t supposed to know I knew about Amanda. I promised Alec I wouldn’t tell. I looked back at Alec. He still looked so pale and weak. 
“He will be fine,” Peirce reassured me as if he read my mind.
I didn’t say anything. I turned my attention to the scenery passing as Devon merged onto the highway. My somewhat good mood was ruined. I knew it was selfish, but I didn’t care. Everyone else got to be selfish when they wanted to be; so why couldn’t I be selfish too?

The next time I opened my eyes, Devon was parking in the driveway. I sat up, relieved to be home. Lacy hurried out of the house before anyone could get out of the car. Alec was her brother, I was sure she was worried about him.
Lation and Devon moved to get Alec out. Julio followed them. I sat waiting until everyone else cleared the truck before attempting to get out. 
“Are you okay?” Peirce asked as he pressed the back of my hand to his lips.
I nodded. “I’m fine.”
Peirce climbed out of the truck, then turned and offered me his hands. I took them, and he helped me out. He wrapped his arm around me and led me toward the house. The others were flocking around Alec. I wanted to help too, but I didn’t want to be in the way. 
I stepped into the foyer and looked around. Lilith hurried toward us. “I will take her upstairs.” She made a point to look at Peirce. Peirce nodded, then hurried off in the direction Lilith just came from. 
“I can get upstairs on my own,” I snapped. I was being a little harsher than I meant to be, but Lilith was unfazed by my attitude.
“Stop being difficult,” she chided as she put her arm around me. She led me up the stairs toward my room.
I had the urge to say something about Amanda, but I refused to betray Alec. It was annoying, but he made me promise. “I want to see Alec,” I said grumpily as I sat down on my bed. 
“In a little while. Devon needs to reassess his wounds and redress them. You will only be in the way. I suggest you shower and rest,” she said firmly as she laid a nightie out for me. 
I didn’t argue. I knew it was pointless. Lilith was like the mother hen, and she would argue until the end. She left me after a few minutes, and I went and showered. I slipped the nightie on and climbed in bed. I slept so long, I wasn’t really tired. 
I looked at the bedside clock. It was already a little after ten. I decided to try to focus on the TV for a couple hours, then I would go see Alec. 

Around two in the morning, I decided it would be okay for me to check in on Alec. I slipped out of my room and walked quickly down the hall to Alec’s room. I listened at his door, and when I heard no one on the other side, I slipped in his room. 
He was in his bed. He still looked so pale. His chest was still wrapped up, but it was done professionally compared to the quick patch job I did at the motel. I climbed into bed next to him. I pulled the covers over myself and snuggled close to him. He was cool to the touch, and he wasn’t moving. A stray tear rolled down my cheek. I didn’t like seeing him like this. Alec was my best friend since I arrived at the Lockwood’s house. He was always so kind to me. I laced my fingers through his and closed my eyes. I was content staying next to him.

Chapter 26

I felt someone lift me off the bed. I opened my eyes, and Peirce’s green eyes met mine. He shifted his gaze and began walking. He carried me out of Alec’s room. I thought he would go back to my room, but he didn’t. He went to another room and carried me inside. He lay me on a huge bed. The sheets were silk. They were so soft against my skin, and the feeling made me tingle. The room was dimly lit. My eyes found Peirce. He was removing his robe as he continued to watch me. He climbed on the bed slowly, without making a sound. He hadn’t said anything … his silence was unnerving. 
He lay next to me and rested his hand on my belly. I looked at him trying to figure out what he wanted. His eyes were dark and full of an emotion I couldn’t decipher. He shifted slightly, pressing his lips to mine. His tongue pressed against my lips, forcing me to part my them so he could kiss me. The passionate kiss caught me off guard. I was breathless once he broke the kiss. 
My heart was pounding. I suddenly understood what he wanted. The moment I realized it, my thoughts scattered. Everything I wanted to be mad about was gone. All I could think about was pleasing him. I reached out and touched his face gently. His eyes blazed with excitement when he realized I was welcoming his touch, not rejecting it. 
He straddled my waist and grasped the front of my nightie. He tore it like it was a thin piece of paper, making me gasp. His throbbing cock was pressed against his belly. I realized I was staring. I blushed and pulled my gaze away, looking back at his face. 
He smiled as he leaned forward. His lips almost brushed mine, but he stopped just before they did. “You are mine, Hailey.” His voice sent shivers through me. The tone of his voice suggested he believed what he was saying completely. 
“I want you to be mine as well,” I said defiantly. 
He looked a little surprised by my request. He smiled as he ran his hands along my sides. “You forget … I am the vampire, and you are the human. You obey me.”
“Is that what you want? Just someone who obeys you?” I asked a little hurt. Sometimes I thought he wanted more; other times I wasn’t sure.
He looked a little caught off guard. He didn’t know what to say, I could tell he didn’t. “You are so damn complicated.”
“I am not. I just want what every other girl wants,” I countered, as I reached up and touched his cheek. “I want your love.”
His green eyes were unreadable. I hated when I couldn’t tell what he was thinking or feeling. “I feel more for you than any woman I have ever been with. That is as close to love as you are going to get.” 
I knew he was being honest with me, and that was better than nothing. He pressed his lips to mine, and his tongue touched mine. I tangled my fingers in his hair as his kiss became more demanding. My breath caught in my throat when his body pressed to mine. His hard cock pressing between my thighs made me flush. I wasn’t sure if I was ready for what was coming. He ran his hands along my thighs, lifting my legs slightly, so he could settle between them. His cock slid against my pussy making me moan in ecstasy. I was slick with excitement as he pressed against me. The pleasure sent shivers through me. I writhed under the pressure of his body. His mouth was distracting me as his hands wandered my body. He grasped my hips firmly, holding me in place. His eyes met mine as he shifted slightly, pushing the head of his hard cock inside me. 
“Peirce!” I cried startled by the sudden pressure. It didn’t hurt, it was incredibly intense. 
“Relax … trust me,” he murmured against my lips. He nipped at my lips playfully, like he was trying to sooth me.
I did as he asked and attempted to relax. He pushed forward filling me more. I cried out, fighting the urge to resist him. Instead, I focused on the pleasure his touch was bringing me. I was terrified and excited. The emotions were overwhelming me. My body enveloped him, as he continued to push gently, encouraging me to relax. The seconds seem to take forever. I could feel him inside me, but I knew I wasn’t completely full of him yet. He was being gentle, trying to prevent pain. 
My hands went to his back. I ran my hands over his soft skin, trying to focus on something other than the intense pressure. He thrust forward, groaning as he completely filled me. A small whimper escaped my lips as I attempted to assimilate the feeling of having him inside me. 
He touched my face, and I looked up at him. His eyes were soft as he caressed my cheek. He ran his fingers over my lips, and I closed my eyes. “You are completely mine now.” His words seemed to comfort me, as he slowly began to move inside me. 
Pleasure rushed over me. My cheeks burned as my hips began to meet his rhythm. His mouth found my neck, and he kissed me gently. “Bite me,” I pleaded as the excitement began to build. 
He slowly sank his fangs into my neck, extending the pleasure his bite brought. My belly clenched as a flood of pleasure washed over me. Small cries escaped my lips as my nipples became achingly hard. My thighs dampened more, easing the pressure of his cock. 
His lips found mine as he continued to move against me. My body relaxed, and my legs dropped to the side. I was completely open to him, and he knew it. I was his, body and soul. He could do anything in those few moments and it wouldn’t matter to me. 
He pulled himself free of me, then rolled me onto my belly. His lips pressed to the crease of my lower back. He slowly trailed kisses along my spine, to my shoulders. He prodded me with his hard cock, so I lifted my hips slightly, allowing him inside me. He slowly filled me, taking his time to tease me as he went. I grasped handfuls of the sheets as the intensity of his size overwhelmed me. The angle he was at was more intense than before. His chest pressed to my back as he moved against me. He ran his hands along my arms, entangling his fingers with mine. 
“Come for me,” he whispered in my ear, sending pleasure crashing over me. His words were gentle, but I knew they were an order. My body obeyed as if he flipped a switch. 
I cried out, pressing back against his aggressive thrusts. My cries filled the room. I felt like I was separated from my body somehow, but I knew I wasn’t. My body burned as the pleasure consumed me. He held me in place as his thrusts overwhelmed me, pinning me to the bed. 
Soon, his cries echoed my own. I felt him let go. The pleasure of his release filling me was almost overwhelming. I knew I pleased him, and that in itself gave me more pleasure. 
I lay under him attempting to slow my breathing. He was still buried inside me. I was enjoying the closeness to him that I felt. I wondered if this was how it would feel with other men, or if the bond I shared with Peirce made being intimate more intense. 
I moaned when he sank his fangs into my neck. He held me firmly as he fed. He wasn’t feeding for pleasure, he was just feeding. I didn’t mind it too much. It would at least make going back to sleep a lot easier. I started to get drowsy, he was taking more than usual.
“Sleep, beautiful,” his voice echoed in my head.
I wasn’t ready to sleep just yet, but there was no fighting it. My eyes felt so heavy. I closed my eyes and let the darkness consume me. 

The sound of someone moving around the room woke me. Slowly, I opened my eyes. I realized I was still in Peirce’s bed. The memory of the events that took place in his bed made me flush. I sat up pulling the covers around me. 
Lilith was moving around the room, putting clothes away. She glanced at me as if she just noticed I was there. “I laid some clothes out for you on the chair.” She nodded toward a chair sitting near the bed.
“Thank you. How is Alec?” I asked hoping she would have good news.
“Still asleep. He will be out another day or two, I am sure,” she said casually. 
I shifted to get out of bed and winced, when the pinch between my thighs reminded me of my excursion with Peirce.
Lilith gathered her basket and moved toward the door. She smiled slightly. “A warm bath will help.”
I felt my cheeks redden. She knew what happened, and she wasn’t shy about saying it. I didn’t say anything as she closed the door behind her. I sighed as I climbed out of bed. I walked to the bathroom and started a bath. The water was soothing once I got past the initial shock of the temperature. I sighed and leaned back trying to relax. I wasn’t quite sure how I felt. My thoughts went to Peirce, and I immediately flushed. It was almost like he was here touching me. I tried to shake the feeling, but it seemed almost impossible. 
Once the bath cooled, I climbed out. I wrapped a towel around me and went back out into the bedroom. I dressed in the clothes Lilith left for me. I wanted to go see Alec. I didn’t bother with makeup. I just brushed my hair, then I made my way to Alec’s room.
I walked into Alec’s room as Devon was finishing up changing Alec’s bandages. “Is he better?” I was still so worried.
Devon nodded. “He is progressing as planned.”
I walked around the bed and climbed in next to Alec. I brushed his hair back out of his eyes as I looked him over. He did look a little better. 
“Peirce doesn’t like how close you are to him,” Devon said softly. 
I looked over at him, then back at Alec. “Peirce doesn’t like a lot of things I do, just like I don’t like a lot of things he does.”
Devon continued to watch me. “He cares for you in his way.”
“And I care for him in my way.” I took Alec’s hand in mine. 
Devon watched me curiously. He looked like he had a lot more questions. “If he told you to stay away from Alec, would you?”
I scoffed. “Never, Alec is important to me. He’s not my lover, he’s my friend. Sometimes friends are closer than lovers as odd as that seems.” 
“Sometimes friends become lovers if we aren’t careful,” Devon countered. 
I laughed. “If Alec was going to be my lover he already would’ve been. I have slept in his arms more than I have in Peirce’s.” 
He sighed as he stood. “I just ask that you consider every move you make carefully. Peirce may seem distant and cold at times, but he is also like every other man. He has feelings, and he does care.”
“He should consider doing the same for me,” I said haughtily. 
Devon met my gaze and he raised his eyebrows like he saw something in my eyes. I quickly looked away and focused on Alec. 
“I will speak to him.” He left me alone with Alec. 
I turned the TV on to take up some of the time. I was completely content next to him. I didn’t want to leave until he woke up.

Chapter 27

After a couple hours, I was getting antsy. I was also hungry. My stomach growled. I didn’t want to leave Alec, but I needed to eat. I also needed to stretch my legs. I stepped out of Alec’s room and started down the hall. 
“How is he tonight?” Julio asked from behind me.
I spun around a little startled by his sudden presence. “He’s okay, I guess. How are you?”
He smiled. “Perfectly fine. Healing slowly.”
“I’m glad to hear it. Is everyone treating you well?” I was trying to be polite. I still wasn’t sure about Julio. I knew I could trust him to some extent. He did save our asses. 
“As well as can be expected. Were you headed somewhere?” he asked casually.
“Yes, I’m going to get something to eat from the kitchen. You can join me if you’d like.” I smiled slightly. I knew vampires didn’t eat food, so it would be pointless, but I figured I would ask. 
“I would love to join you,” he said surprising me a little.
I started toward the stairs and he fell into step beside me. “Will you be staying for a while?” 
He glanced at me as we made our way downstairs. “A few days, at least. How long have you been bonded to your master?” 
“Not long. Do you have anyone you are bonded to?” I asked, suddenly curious about him.
He shook his head. “I am not one to make bonds. It gets too complicated.”
“That makes sense.” I walked into the kitchen. I was a little relieved that the kitchen was empty. I was finding that I preferred to be alone. Julio really didn’t bother me, but I didn’t feel like dealing with questions from the others. I walked to the fridge. “Would you like a glass of wine?”
He sat down at the table. “That would be nice.” 
I retrieved both of us a wine glass, deciding I wouldn’t mind some wine too. I poured us each a glass. I also grabbed some cheese and crackers to snack on. I was hungry, but I didn’t want anything heavy. I set his glass of wine in front of him, then I took a seat across from him. “Have you lived in Florida for a while?” I asked, deciding to learn more about him.
He took a sip of his wine. “A while. What about you? Why were you there?” 
“My parents are living there for now. I went to visit them.” Talking about them made me remember I didn’t even say goodbye. I would have to call them and let them know I was okay. I was sure Devon or Peirce already spoke with them, but I needed to call anyway.
“I find it strange that you were so far from your master. That is unusual,” he said thoughtfully.
I shrugged. “I needed space. He and I aren’t always on the same page.”
Julio laughed like I said something amusing. “That isn’t supposed to matter. He lets you have free reign, almost like you have no master at all.”
I scowled slightly as I thought about it. “You think that is intentional?”
“I know it is. He obviously cares for you, or he wouldn’t be so lenient,” he said dryly. 
“Maybe,” I said thoughtfully. Maybe he was right. Maybe Peirce’s way of showing he loves me is by letting me have my freedom. I thought it was me keeping his rules at bay, but maybe he wasn’t even trying to keep me in line. I looked up at him, and he was watching me curiously. “I should go check on Alec.”
He laughed. “I promise he hasn’t moved. You aren’t missing anything.”
I smiled slightly. “I guess you’re right. I wish he would just wake up.” 
“You care for him?” he asked as he continued to watch me.
“Of course. He’s my friend,” I said a little confused. 
He smiled. “Sometimes, I forget how emotional humans can be.”
I rolled my eyes. “Now you sound like Peirce. A girl can love more than one man … I love them in different ways.”
“I see.” He looked like he was making fun of me without actually saying it. 
“You don’t have people you care about?” I asked confused. Even Peirce cared about people in his life. 
He was silent for a moment. “Not really.”
I sighed as I focused on eating. Sometimes vampires were the most intelligent, and at the same time the most annoying people in the world. Someone walked in the kitchen, catching my attention. I rolled my eyes when I saw it was Michelle. 
“Julio, I didn’t realize you were up,” she said batting her eyes at him. It was obvious she was already throwing herself at him. 
I bit my tongue. I decided a long time ago getting on Michelle’s bad side was not fun. 
Julio smiled politely. “Yes, Hailey is keeping me company.”
Michelle’s gaze shifted to me like she just realized I was there. Her face contorted slightly, but it looked like she was attempting to stifle her annoyance. “Oh, well if you would like a tour of the house, come find me.” She plastered the smile back on her face. 
He returned her smile. “Of course.” 
She turned and marched out with her nose in the air. I couldn’t stand her, and she knew it. I was pretty sure she couldn’t stand me either. We had mutual feelings of hate for one another. 
“You two seem close,” he said sarcastically.
I scoffed. “She tries to kill me every chance she gets.”
“Why would she do that?” It was obvious he thought it was funny. 
“She has a crush on Peirce, or something. I never really cared to ask her.” I stood to put the cheese away. “Would you like more wine?” I asked as I walked to the fridge.
“No, I am fine,” he said as he watched me. 
I finished my wine and set the glass in the sink, along with my plate. “Did you have any plans for the evening?”
“No, I was going to speak with Devon. I suppose I should go to his office now. Other than that, I plan on attempting to heal,” he said as he spun his wine glass slowly.
“That makes sense. Maybe I will see you around later.” I walked toward the doorway.
“Going to keep vigil?” he asked with the same teasing tone he had been using the entire conversation.
I smiled slightly and nodded. “For a little while at least.” I continued on my way when he didn’t say anything else. 
I hurried up the stairs to Alec’s room. I slipped inside and closed the door. I climbed into the bed and snuggled up next to him. I laced my fingers through his and relaxed. 
Julio’s words about Peirce kept echoing through my head. He said I practically had free reign and he was right, I did. I thought it was because of me, but maybe I was wrong. I knew Peirce was probably with Amanda right now. My mood turned dark again. Maybe he just didn’t care what I did. I was quickly distracted when the door opened.
Lacy and Meg came in. Meg smiled. “Hey.”
I sat up a little straighter. “Hey.” 
“How is he?” Lacy asked as she touched Alec’s hand.
I shrugged. “Devon said he is doing as well as expected … whatever that means.”
“Good, have you been here for a while?” Lacy asked as she looked at me.
I shook my head. “I just got back. I was here earlier, but I was hungry.” 
“You left without saying goodbye,” Meg pouted as she nudged me.
“I was trying to get away quickly. I planned on coming back,” I said apologetically. 
“I wish I knew who did this to him. If Julio wasn’t there he would be dead,” Lacy said quietly. I could hear the fear and anger in her voice. 
“Well, we are lucky Julio was there, and he is going to be okay,” I said trying to reassure her. 
She nodded. “Let me know if anything changes.”
I nodded. “I will.” She turned and left, and Meg followed her faithfully. 
I suddenly wondered if Meg had as much freedom as I did. I was assuming she was bonded to Lacy, but I wasn’t completely sure. I got comfortable next to Alec and attempted to focus on the television instead of my messed-up relationship with Peirce.

The sound of a low groan, or growl woke me from sleep. I sat up straight because the sound scared me. It didn’t really sound human. I looked down at Alec and he was as still as ever. Something moved not far from the door and my gaze shifted quickly. 
Amanda was standing in front of the door. She looked somewhat normal, but I could tell by her eyes she was a vampire. Something about the way she was looking at me made me get to my feet. 
“Amanda, where is Peirce?” I asked breathlessly.
She watched me more like an animal would watch prey. I didn’t know much about young vampires, but I had a bad feeling they weren’t as in control as the older ones. She didn’t answer me, she just watched me. 
I looked around hoping to find a weapon. The lamp was closest to me, but it was glass and I knew it would be useless. I watched her cautiously, trying to come up with a plan. I didn’t have a plan. I cursed in annoyance. I didn’t understand how she was even out on her own. 
I moved sideways, and she lunged. She moved so quickly that I didn’t get a chance to scream. I brought my arm up, and she buried her teeth into my forearm. I cried out, attempting to force her backwards, but she was too strong. I hit her a couple times, forcing her to release my arm. Her eyes were glowing with hunger. She had gotten a taste of blood and she wasn’t going to stop until she killed me. She pounced again, and her weight sent me to the floor. I shifted just enough that her mouth missed my neck, and instead she ripped into my shoulder. 
I screamed as I tried to get her off me. “Peirce!” I cried when she began to tear at my arm. I didn’t understand why he wasn’t coming. I didn’t understand how he didn’t know she was attacking me. I used all my strength to throw her off me. She was strong, but she was clumsy. My arm was burning, and hot blood flowed freely from the wound. I scrambled to my feet and ran for the door. I was ripped backwards as I reached for the doorknob. She was on me again. I used my arm to fend her off, and she bit me again. I was losing a lot of blood, and it was making me weak. I cried out as she pinned me to the floor. She was going to make it past my arm soon, and she would tear my throat out.
She was suddenly pulled backwards off me. I scrambled back away from her as far as I could. The wall stopped me from retreating any further. 
Alec had a hold of her, but he was weak. I could tell he wouldn’t be able to fight her long. “Devon!” Alec yelled, startling me. 
In an instant Devon was there. His eyes landed on me first, and then Alec struggling to hold Amanda at bay. “How did she get in here?” He went to Alec to help him.
“I don’t know. I woke up and she was attacking Hailey,” Alec said sounding a little out of it. He collapsed to his knees, and I scrambled over to him. I wrapped my arms around him to both support him, and for comfort. 
“Hailey are you okay?” Devon asked worried.
I nodded. “Just get her away from me,” I said softly as I clung to Alec.
Devon dragged Amanda toward the door. She was still fighting with everything she had. Lilith opened the door and looked around the room. “Hailey.” She hurried toward me.
“I’m fine,” I said angrily. I buried my face in Alec’s chest, and he wrapped his arm around me. Tears spilled from my eyes. I hated crying, but I was scared, and Peirce didn’t come. 
“Let me see,” she ordered as she took my arm. 
I pulled away and clung to Alec. “Leave me alone,” I snapped. 
“Hailey …” she started, but Alec cut her off.
“I will make sure she is okay,” Alec reassured her.
“There is so much blood, Alec. She could be seriously hurt,” Lilith argued.
“She will be fine, let her calm down,” Alec said gently.
Lilith reluctantly stood, giving us space. “I will go find Peirce and find out how the hell this happened.” 
I cradled my injured arm, and Alec held me tightly. “He didn’t come,” I said softly in between ragged breathes. My tears hadn’t stopped. I wasn’t sure if they were going to stop.
“There is an explanation. I’m sure of it,” Alec reassured me. He was still on his knees on the floor and I was curled against him. 
“Hailey!” Peirce’s worried voice startled me a little. He was standing in the doorway. His worried green eyes brought my guard down momentarily. He hurried over to me and knelt next to me.
I pressed my body closer to Alec and buried my face in his chest. “Go away,” I muttered. 
“She is angry you didn’t come when she called for you,” Alec said in explanation.
“I didn’t hear you, I swear. I would never let anything happen to you, Hailey.” The worry in his tone was evident, but I didn’t want to care. 
He touched me gently, softening my anger. I believed him for some reason … I needed to believe him. I reluctantly pulled away from Alec, so Peirce could examine my injuries. Peirce finished tearing the arm and shoulder of my dress, so he could see the bites. 
His expression darkened. “They are deep. I will fix this.” He lifted me off the floor, and I didn’t protest. 
Devon came back in the room followed by Lilith. Lilith went to Alec and helped him back to the bed. 
“Is she alright?” Devon asked as he looked at my wounds.
“She will be in a couple hours. I am going to take her to my room and care for her. I will be there if you need me,” Peirce said quietly.
“We can manage without you. Make sure she gets better,” Devon insisted as he ushered Peirce out of the room. 
Peirce carried me down the hall to his bedroom. He bypassed the bed and carried me into the bathroom. He set me on the counter, and peeled my bloody, torn dress off. He tossed it on the floor, then went to work cleaning the blood from my skin. He didn’t speak, and neither did I. I was cold, and the ache from my arm was starting to get to me. Once I was clean, he lifted me off the counter and carried me to bed. He moved up next to me and bit his wrist. He pressed his wrist to my lips, and I drank slowly. I closed my eyes and relaxed as the warmth consumed me. He pulled his wrist from my lips after a few minutes. 
I opened my eyes and looked up at him. He touched my cheek gently. “I am so sorry.” He pressed his lips to mine. 
I didn’t fight; I didn’t have the energy to fight. I touched his chest savoring the taste of his mouth. I was quickly forgetting about my arm. All I could think about was him. It was easier for me to focus on him, then what happened with Amanda. 
He pulled me into his arms, so I was lying over his chest. I closed my eyes and relaxed. I knew he didn’t want to talk, and neither did I.

Chapter 28

His lips brushed my belly making me gasp. My eyes flew open in surprise when his lips came to rest on the soft skin between my thighs. “Peirce!” I squeaked a little startled. 
“Hush,” he ordered as his lips gently caressed me. He ran his tongue along the soft folds of my pussy.
I clamped my eyes shut as his tongue slowly continued to explore me. He gently sucked on my swollen clit making me moan. Pleasure rushed over me, and my cheeks flushed. Part of me wondered if I was dreaming. It didn’t feel like a dream, but he was making me feel so good it was almost too much for me to handle. The pleasure grew until I couldn’t remain quiet anymore. I cried out squirming under his playful lips and tongue. He refused to stop teasing me until I was panting and back to being somewhat still.
He appeared over me, his green eyes were blazing as he looked down at me. I reached up and ran my hands over his bare chest. He lowered his mouth to mine, and I closed my eyes as he slowly kissed me. I spread my legs for him. I knew what he wanted, and I wanted him to have it. He ran his hands along my thighs as he rubbed his cock against me, covering himself in my arousal. He deepened his kiss, tangling his tongue with mine. My hands explored his perfect back and chest. 
I wanted him inside me, but he was too busy teasing me. I lifted my hips slightly. His cock slowly filled me, making me moan. I dug my nails into the soft skin of his back, earning a low growl of excitement from him. His lips pressed against my throat. “Are you angry with me?” he whispered. 
I smiled slightly. I was angry with him when I wasn’t being clouded by his touch. “Very.” 
He shifted his lips slightly and bit my neck, making me moan as pleasure crashed over me. He continued to move inside me, touching me as deep as he could before he pulled back, giving me relief.  He suddenly released me. “What about now?” 
I laughed. “You really think you can make my anger go away by making me feel good?”
“Mmm, I am at least going to attempt it,” he teased. He sank his fangs into my neck again, sending another shockwave of pleasure through me.
I was panting, trying to recover. “Peirce,” I moaned as I pressed my hips into him. I moved with him, encouraging him. I could feel his excitement building … I could feel how close he was to losing control. 
He groaned low in his throat as he let go. He collapsed over me, keeping his face buried in my neck. I ran my hands over his back and smiled. I was satisfied, and I knew he was too. He rolled so he was lying next to me. I shifted and lay over his chest. I ran my hand over his abdomen, tracing his defined muscles. I loved lying with him like this. Nothing else mattered when I was in his arms. 
My arm was healed … there wasn’t even a mark. I considered bringing up Amanda. I was technically not supposed to know about her being a vampire. I didn’t even know if he planned on telling me, but her attack on me gave him no choice. 
“She was attacked because of me,” Peirce said breaking the silence. 
“Amanda?” I asked deciding I would go along and let him tell me his reasoning behind changing her.
“Yes. The other vampires blame Derrick’s death on me. They were lashing out, and they saw her as an opportunity, in the same way Derrick saw you as one.” The anger in his voice was evident. 
“How could Derrick’s death be your fault? I thought it was werewolves or something.” I was trying to keep my tone neutral. I was still hiding the truth about Trey from him. I didn’t need him taking his anger out on Trey.
“Paul has them convinced you had something to do with it. I am your master, so that makes it my fault,” he said like it was simple.
I scowled slightly. It wasn’t simple, if anything, it was more complicated than that. “Who exactly are these vampires?”
“Mainly Derrick’s brother, Zachary. You thought Derrick was bad, he was nothing compared to Zachary,” he said dryly.
I didn’t speak immediately. I wasn’t exactly sure what I should say. I felt guilty in a way. I was the reason Trey attacked Derrick in the first place. I was also hiding it from Peirce.
“What is wrong love? You are awfully quiet,” he murmured as he ran his fingers through my hair. 
I shook my head and sat up. “Nothing, I should go check on Alec.”
He wrapped his arms around me, pulling me back against his chest. “Alec is fine without you. I am the one you are supposed to be dedicated to.” His tone was slightly angry, and it made me nervous. 
My pulse quickened as I tried to come up with a reply. I was suddenly annoyed by the whole situation. He acted like I was doing something wrong by caring for Alec. “I am yours, Peirce. What more do you want?” I asked trying to keep the condescending tone to a minimum, but it was difficult.
“Don’t sound so sincere, darling,” he whispered sending chills through me. His tone was so cold and cruel. It was completely different from how he was speaking to me earlier. His fingers brushed my hair away from my neck. 
I flinched and closed my eyes when his lips touched my neck. I knew he was going to bite me, I just wasn’t sure how it would feel. I could sense his mood, and I knew he was furious. He laughed at my reaction to his touch. “You are suddenly not so open to my touch … at least not as open as you were earlier.”
“You weren’t being like this earlier,” I said breathlessly. I was honestly afraid of him in that moment. I knew what vampires could do, and how quickly they could do it. I knew he didn’t value human lives like I did. I was a simple human … I was replaceable. I hated thinking like this about him, but I saw how quickly his mood changed. I could hear the uncaring tone in his voice at times. Sometimes, I couldn’t tell when he was actually being himself. One of the reasons I feared a bond with a vampire was because of their nature. I didn’t know a lot about them, but I saw how cruel they could get.
He sighed as if he was disappointed. “I wish you weren’t so difficult.” His fingers brushed my skin in various places. Every time he touched me, goosebumps developed on my skin, making me fight the urge to pull away. 
“Peirce,” I whispered breathlessly. 
“Yes, love,” he murmured as he continued to touch me. 
“You’re scaring me,” I said, deciding to be honest with him. 
He laughed, and his laugh sent chills through me. “You have to know I would never hurt you … I will never let you go,” he whispered. His lips brushed my ear, making me gasp. 
His tone suggested a promise, and that scared me more. It seemed like he was intentionally trying to scare me. I moved out of his reach and stood. “I need to go.” I was a little surprised when he didn’t move to stop me. He remained on the bed watching me. 
I found some clothes meant for me lying on a chair. I tried to ignore his stare as I dressed. He made me antsy and nervous, but I still had undeniable feelings for him. Those feelings scared me because I couldn’t tell if they were my own or not. I turned to walk out the door. He appeared in front of me making me hesitate. 
“Why are you resisting so hard?” His tone was empty and emotionless. If he showed some sort of emotion it would’ve been easier to answer his question.
“I just need some space,” I said barely able to meet his gaze. 
“Who are you running to?” he asked as he continued to watch me.
“I am not running to anyone. Please … just let me go,” I pleaded. I didn’t want to argue with him. I was always so confused when it came to him. He was the one that was constantly confusing me.
He watched me for a few seconds longer, then he stepped aside. I hurried past him and slipped out the door. Once I was in the hall, I felt a little better. I walked down the hall toward Alec’s room. I stopped in front of his door and knocked.
“Come in,” he called.
I opened the door and slipped inside. I forced a smile. I was still shaken, but I was trying my best to hide it.
Alec saw right through me. He knew there was something wrong almost immediately. He sat up a little straighter. “Are you okay, Hailey?”
I nodded as I climbed into the bed next to him. I hugged him and immediately relaxed. “I’ve just had a rough couple of days.”
He laughed. “I can understand that. How is your arm?” he asked as he examined me.
“Healed. How are you?” I peeked up at him.
“Better, but not one hundred percent. Devon is making me stay in bed. I will eventually get out of here,” he said dryly.
“You need to rest.” I nudged him gently. I wasn’t sure what I would do without Alec. Whenever things felt like they were getting out of control, Alec was always there to calm everything down. 
He sighed. “I have been told. So … how did it go with Peirce and the whole Amanda thing?”
“I don’t know. He scares me sometimes. I don’t know how to get past it. I always have conflicting feeling about him,” I said quietly. 
“Just give it time. You’ll get used to being his.” He squeezed me gently.
I sighed. “I don’t like that he isn’t giving me a choice. I feel like I am being forced into caring for him.”
“You don’t have any feelings for him?” he asked confused.
“Of course I do. I just don’t know if they are my feelings, or if it is what he wants me to feel.” I hated feeling like this. I wished I could be like all the others and not care, but I couldn’t. 
“I think you are afraid of vampires, not Peirce. I also think you care for him more than you think,” he said firmly.
I smiled slightly as I looked at him. “I hope you’re right.”
“Oh, I’m right,” he teased. 
I laughed as I sat up. “I’m going to go shower. I’ll come back by a little later to visit.” I reached out and touched his hand. 
He nodded. “I’ll be here if Devon gets his way.”
I climbed off the bed and gave him a small wave. I slipped back out into the hall and made my way to my bedroom. I walked into my room and looked around. It was just as I left it. I walked into the bathroom and started the shower, then I slowly undressed.
I hoped Alec was right. Maybe time would make me feel better. I was afraid of vampires, I wasn’t going to lie. I didn’t see how every human wasn’t terrified by them. I knew they had the ability to make themselves liked, but it didn’t work on me like it should have. 
I stepped into the hot water and closed my eyes. My thoughts drifted to Peirce and how he made me feel. All he had to do was touch me and he could make me feel things I never thought I would. I closed my eyes, wishing I wasn’t so quick to run away from him. Maybe I was being too hard on him. I was blaming him for how Derrick acted toward humans. I knew the Lockwood’s weren’t like Derrick. I needed to apologize to Peirce. I quickly finished showering and climbed out.
I walked into my bedroom, and quickly dressed. I wondered if he would still be in his room. Once I was dressed, I hurried down the hall to his room. I knocked on his door, but there was no answer. It was early evening, I was sure he was already gone.
I turned and walked toward the stairs. If I found one of the others, they would know where he was. I turned and started down the stairs as Lilith began to walk up them. 
“Lilith, have you seen Peirce?” I asked hoping she would know.
“No, is there something wrong?” she asked as she watched me curiously.
I shook my head. “I just needed to speak to him.”
“You can ask Devon, he may know,” she suggested, then she continued on her way.
I continued down the stairs and hurried toward Devon’s office. Part of me wondered if I upset Peirce and because I did, I wouldn’t be able to find him. I knocked gently on Devon’s door hoping he was there.
“Come in,” Devon called from the other side. 
I stepped in his office and looked around. He was sitting at his desk looking over something. 
He looked up and smiled at me. “Hailey, what can I do for you?”
“I was looking for Peirce. Lilith told me to check with you,” I said hesitantly.
“Peirce is out for a while. I am sure he will be back later.” He sounded like he was trying to reassure me.
I had a feeling he was trying to tell me nicely that Peirce was angry with me. “Well, if you see him, let him know I would like to see him.”
He smiled slightly and nodded. “I will do that.”
I turned and quickly left the room. I walked back toward the stairs. Lation turned the corner, startling me a little. “Your human boyfriend is waiting at the door,” he said as condescendingly as he could manage. 
I knew he was talking about Trey. “He isn’t my boyfriend.” I pushed past him and walked toward the foyer. I hadn’t seen Trey in a while. I was actually glad to have a distraction. I stepped into the foyer, and Trey straightened.
He smiled nervously as he ran his fingers through his hair. “Hey, I was just coming to check on you. I haven’t heard from you in a while. I was worried you were mad at me.”
“No, it’s not that. I have just been busy.” I was trying to sound as upbeat as possible. I didn’t go into detail because I doubted he would be happy if I told him what happened. I actually thought he would be mad at me because of our last conversation.
“Well, if you aren’t busy, I thought we could maybe catch a movie,” he said hesitantly.
I didn’t have anything else to do, so I didn’t think it would be a bad idea. It would be nice to get out of the house for a while and feel a little bit normal. “I guess that would be fun,” I said thoughtfully.
“Peirce won’t mind?” He glanced around like he was expecting Peirce to appear out of nowhere. 
I shook my head. “He’s busy. Let me go get my things.” He nodded, then I hurried upstairs to retrieve my purse and phone. 
I considered telling one of the others I was leaving, but I didn’t want to get a talking to. Derrick was no longer a threat, so I didn’t see why I couldn’t go out. I hurried back downstairs to the foyer. 
Trey opened the door for me, and I stepped out onto the porch. He led me to his truck and held the passenger door for me. I climbed in, and he hurried around to the other side. He set off toward downtown. 
“So, are you still seeing Peirce?” he asked as he glanced at me.
I nodded. “He isn’t as bad as he seems.” I was hoping I didn’t sound like I was trying to convince myself. 
“I never said he was,” he said quietly. 
I could sense a bit of tension in his voice, so I decided to change the subject. “I was thinking about going back to school soon. How are things there?”
He shrugged. “The same as always, I guess.”
The movie theatre wasn’t far from the house. It was a popular spot for younger people in the town. He parked, and I climbed out. He met me at the front of the truck and we walked toward the theatre in silence. 
“What do you want to see?” he asked as we stopped in front of the movie board.
“I’m fine with whatever. I’m not picky,” I said deciding I would let him choose. 
He selected an action movie of some sort. He paid for two tickets, then we walked into the theatre. I wasn’t exactly sure why he asked me out when he didn’t seem like he was in a good mood. Maybe he was in a good mood, and I put him in a bad mood. The thought bothered me a little, but I tried to ignore it as we took our seats. 

Chapter 29

The movie was a little longer than I anticipated. It seemed even longer because Trey was sullen and silent. I wanted to say something, but I decided against it. 
I was glad once the movie was over. The theatre started to clear. We waited until most of the people had made their way out. I followed Trey silently as he moved through the crowd. 
The fresh air hit my face and I relaxed a little. “You seem a little quiet,” I said worried, once we were clear of all the other people in the theatre. 
“I’m fine.” He held the passenger door of his truck open for me. 
“You seem it,” I said dryly as I slipped into the seat. 
He walked over to his side and got in. He was still refusing to say anything. He was just pouting. All the men in my life seemed to be pouting, and it seemed like it was all my fault. 
He turned out of the movie theatre parking lot, but it was the opposite direction of the Lockwood’s house. 
“Where are we going?” I asked when curiosity got the best of me. 
He shrugged. “We’re just driving.”
“Do you want to talk?” I asked as I glanced at him. He was acting odd. He had been acting odd all night. 
He shook his head. “I just want to drive.” 
“I’m sorry if I upset you,” I persisted. I would rather him say what he was thinking instead of brooding.
He glanced at me, then he looked away quickly. He was upset. His eyes were the odd color they turned when he was upset or angry. “I just don’t understand.”
“Don’t understand what?” I prodded. He was starting to speak, and I wanted to keep him talking. 
“How you can be with him,” he said angrily.
I hesitated, a little unsure. I had a feeling the conversation was going to lead back to this. “You know they say the same things about werewolves as you say about vampires.”
He scoffed. “Werewolves have hearts. Vampires are cold and heartless. I would’ve thought you learned that by now.”
“They aren’t all like that,” I said defiantly. Earlier, I wasn’t so sure, but now that someone was attacking them I felt obligated to defend them. 
“I’m sure.” He turned the wheel suddenly, startling me a little. He drove down a dirt road. It was the way to the lake a lot of kids hung out at. He slammed the truck into park and climbed out. He paced not far from the truck. I sat watching him, wondering what he was doing. 
I rolled my eyes and climbed out of the truck when I realized he wasn’t coming back anytime soon. “What do you want from me, Trey? I don’t understand what’s going on.”
He looked over at me. His eyes weren’t human, and they made me a little nervous. “I want you to come with me. I want you to leave them behind.”
I opened my mouth to speak, but I wasn’t sure what to say.
“She won’t be doing that,” Peirce’s cool voice said from behind me.
I spun around a little startled. “Peirce,” I said a little breathlessly. He shifted his green eyes to me, and I felt a sudden rush of fear. It was so intense it made me breathless. 
“Stop doing that,” Trey demanded as he stepped toward Peirce.
Peirce smiled as he turned his attention back to Trey. “So, you’re the werewolf my pretty little Hailey has been protecting.” 
“Peirce, please don’t hurt him. Just take me home,” I pleaded as I moved toward him. I went to touch him, but he smacked my hand away, startling me.
“You do not get to touch me,” Peirce growled as he glared at me. A piercing pain through my head made me cry out. I collapsed to my knees holding my head. The pain was so intense it was almost blinding.
“I will kill you!” Trey growled as he lunged at Peirce. 
Peirce quickly deflected his attack and threw him backwards into his truck. 
“Peirce, please!” I cried as I tried to recover from the punishment he was inflicting on me. There was no way Trey could win. Peirce was so angry … I could feel it. 
“You lied to me, Hailey. You told me you knew nothing about the attack on Derrick,” Peirce snapped.
“I didn’t, and I still don’t. I knew Trey was a werewolf, but that is all I knew,” I said panicked. 
Peirce was suddenly gone, then he reappeared in front of Trey. He caught Trey by the throat and lifted him off his feet. “If you die, they will leave me alone.”
“Peirce, no!” I cried as I scrambled to my feet. I threw myself on Peirce, wrapping my arms around his neck. “Please, I will do anything,” I begged. I couldn’t let him kill Trey. I buried my face in his neck hoping he would have mercy. I couldn’t fight him, all I could do was beg. “If you care about me at all, you won’t do this to me,” I whispered, desperate to get his attention.
Peirce held Trey suspended in the air, but he made no other moves to hurt him. “You will never go near him again, or I will kill him,” Peirce said quietly. His tone was so serious, it scared me.
“Hailey, don’t agree to that. Don’t let him control you,” Trey said in a choked whisper. He was struggling against Peirce’s grip, but it was useless.
“I don’t have a choice.” I felt a stray tear roll down my cheek. I swallowed the urge to cry. “Please, Peirce,” I whispered as I clung tighter to him.
Peirce suddenly released Trey, easily tossing him to the ground a few feet away from us. Peirce’s arm snaked around my waist, pulling me tighter to him. The sudden rush made me gasp. My vision blurred as Peirce transported us. 
I felt the world steady, but I kept my eyes shut as I continued to cling to Peirce. I was afraid to let him go. I was more afraid to meet his blazing, emerald eyes. The room we were in was deafly silent. I was surprised that he didn’t push me away. He was still so angry … I could feel his anger and that scared me more. My heart was pounding in my chest, and my mind was racing. I wanted him to speak, but he remained silent and still. I hated this feeling … it was irrational to me. I felt like I betrayed Peirce, and he was making it seem like an unforgivable transgression. Maybe it was … I didn’t know anymore. 
After a few more minutes of silence, he moved slightly. He caught my chin with his fingers, forcing me to look up at him. I met his gaze, terrified of what I would see. His eyes were empty, and I fought the urge to look away. He hid what he was feeling so easily, but it was confusing because I felt what he was feeling. In a way, what I felt made me think I was losing my mind because I knew it was his emotions and not my own, but when I looked at him there was nothing.
“I’m sorry,” I murmured for lack of something better to say.
“You lied to me.” His thumb trailed over my lips making my stomach flutter. I wasn’t sure if it was in fear or excitement … everything I was feeling was so confusing. 
“I never meant to hurt you. I didn’t want to get Trey in trouble,” I said nervously. I was so sure of what I was doing when I made the decision not to tell him, but now that I was faced with explaining myself to him, nothing made sense. 
He watched me for a few minutes. I felt like I couldn’t breathe. I was waiting for him to pass judgement and it terrified me. “You will not leave this room until I tell you that you can. I also suggest you heed my warning about seeing him again. Next time, there will be no plea that will save him,” he said angrily. It was the first sign of emotion that he had shown since arriving at the lake. 
He was suddenly gone, and the immense pressure seemed to be lifted from me. My knees buckled, and I collapsed to the floor. I realized I was shaking. I looked around, realizing for the first time that I was in my room at the Lockwood’s house. I closed my eyes and took a deep, steadying breath. I feared him, and I hated it. I wanted to hate him, but all I could think about was how much I disappointed him. I loved him, and I was terrified he no longer cared for me. 
After a few minutes, I slowly climbed to my feet. I didn’t know what to do next. I wanted to fight against Peirce’s orders, but I couldn’t bring myself to move. I was frozen, unsure of what I should do next. I walked to the bed and sat down. I looked around the room, trying to fight what I was feeling. I felt like I should be angry, but for some reason I couldn’t make myself feel anger … all I felt was fear and worry. I clenched my eyes shut and fell back onto the bed. All I could do was wait. I had to wait for Peirce to calm down and forgive me … if he ever would. For some reason, the thought of him not forgiving me was the worst feeling in the world. 

Chapter 30

I honestly didn’t think I would sleep. The sound of my door knob turning startled me awake. I was waiting for someone to arrive, and I hoped that someone was Peirce. I sat up quickly
Lilith entered the room carrying a tray. I was disappointed. “I don’t need anything,” I said annoyed as I ran my fingers through my hair. 
“I didn’t ask if you did.” She set the tray on the dresser. There was a variety of food and a glass of juice. 
I bit my tongue to keep from being rude. I wasn’t in the mood for Lilith. I was sure she had something to say … she always did. I looked at the clock. It was the following evening. I didn’t just sleep, I slept for a while. 
“You are lucky he decided to have mercy on the boy,” she said after a few minutes of silence.
I scowled as I looked at her. “I love how I’m supposed to thank him for acting like a decent person. You all try to claim you aren’t monsters, but then you control us and force us to bend to your will.” I was starting to get angry, finally. I was sure Peirce’s hold was wearing off. 
She sighed like she expected the reply I gave her. “You are no longer living in the same world, Hailey. The sooner you realize that, the better off you will be.”
“Whatever,” I muttered as I got to my feet. I was going to take a shower and try to focus on something else. I wasn’t sure what yet, but I would find something.
“I will see if he will let you roam the house, instead of restricting you to your room like a child. I don’t completely disagree with him, but knowing Peirce, he will be angry for a while.” She turned and walked out before I could reply.
I wanted to tell her not to bother, but she left too quickly. I didn’t really want to see or talk to anyone. I didn’t need to roam the house, my room was just fine for the mood I was in. 
I walked to the bathroom and started a bath. I wanted a bath since I had unlimited time. I slipped in the hot water and leaned back. I closed my eyes, attempting to forget everything. I felt like an idiot for feeling like I did the night before. It was almost as if I was two different people at times. One side of me was insanely crazy about Peirce. That part of me craved the attention he gave me, and I felt like life wouldn’t be worth living if I wasn’t his. The other part of me thought that girl was an idiot and wanted to rebel against everything Peirce said and did. That part of me was angry, and at the moment was winning the battle. 
The door to the bathroom opened, making me open my eyes. I was a little surprised when Peirce walked in, but I refused to show any emotion other than annoyance. I scowled and shrunk down further into the water to hide my body from him.
He raised his eyebrows as he shrugged his shirt off. “Surprise, surprise, you are as happy to see me as I expected,” he said dryly, as he began to unbutton his pants.
“I don’t recall inviting you in,” I said haughtily.
“I don’t recall asking,” he said as he lay his pants aside. 
He was naked in front of me, and I wanted to look him over, but I fought the urge. Instead, I looked at a stray bubble in front of me and poked it. He climbed in the water across from me. I could feel his eyes on me, but I refused to meet his gaze. 
“I would like to feed,” he said firmly as he continued to watch me.
I glared at him. “Then go find someone to feed off of. I’m not your food.” 
He narrowed his eyes at me. “I want your blood, and you aren’t supposed to question me.”
I continued to watch him with as scathing of a look as I could manage. When he refused to give in, I splashed him in the face. 
He cussed in annoyance. “You are so childish sometimes,” he growled as he attempted to wipe the water from his face.
I splashed him again just for the hell of it. “You’re the one acting like the king of the castle,” I countered. 
He splashed me, startling me a little. I really thought it was above him to act as childish as me. “You lied.” 
“To protect someone that I care about because I know how your kind is,” I said trying to keep from yelling at him.
“My kind? As if you humans are so much better. Why don’t you go tell your human friends he is a werewolf and see what they do?” His tone was as condescending as he could manage, grating on my nerves even more. 
I was pretty sure they would put me in a crazy house, and if they did by chance believe me, Trey would end up dead. “I’m not arguing with you,” I said sullenly. I went back to popping bubbles.
“If you aren’t going to argue, then you might as well feed me.” He moved forward. 
I glared at him as I clamped my knees together. If he couldn’t get past my knees, then he couldn’t get to my neck. I didn’t want to be his food. I was okay with it when I wasn’t angry, but now he was just asking too much. 
He raised his eyebrows in amusement as he rested his hands on my knees. “This fight is useless, lover,” he whispered as he easily pushed my knees apart. He moved up between my thighs, and I pressed my hands to his chest, trying to hold him off. He was so strong, it was like I was battling a steel wall.  
“You’re such an ass,” I muttered, as he pressed his lips to my neck. There was no stopping him. I was trying to act like I didn’t want him, but the minute he touched me, my body responded.
My eyes fluttered shut as his fangs pierced my neck. Pleasure washed over me, making my pulse quicken. I wrapped my arms and legs around him, holding his body tightly to mine. I could feel every curve of his perfect body. I knew I only had to shift slightly and he would be inside me. He growled low in his throat as the head of his hard cock began to fill me. He couldn’t pretend he didn’t want me, anymore than I could pretend I didn’t want him. 
He released my neck, and I opened my eyes as he adjusted so he could look down at me. He slowly lowered his mouth to mine. The sweet, metallic taste of my blood filled my mouth as he slowly kissed me. He pushed himself deeper inside me, making me moan.
“I hate you,” I murmured against his full, perfect lips. My body was going crazy. I wanted him, and it made me so angry.
He laughed, sending pleasure rushing through me. “Oh darling, in a way … I hate you too.”
I smiled slightly, then I pulled him in and pressed my lips to his. I kissed him passionately, savoring the taste and feel of his mouth. 
He moved against me slowly. He was teasing me, easing in and out of me so slowly that he was torturing me. All I could do was cling to him. I lifted my hips, meeting his thrusts. 
“Peirce …” I whispered as his fangs sank into my neck again. 
He was excited. He was moving against me vigorously. Water splashed over the sides of the bathtub, but I didn’t care. My body tightened in anticipation of the release he would bring me. 
He released my neck again, and his eyes locked with mine as he continued to move. He knew how close he had me. His lips brushed mine. “Come for me,” his voice echoed in my head. 
I couldn’t stop the cries from spilling from my lips, as he pushed me over the edge. My body exploded with pleasure. I clawed at his back as he groaned in ecstasy and let go inside me. My lips found his, and I kissed him frantically. My body was trembling, I felt like I was drunk. He made me feel this way, and losing that feeling was terrifying. I closed my eyes and lay my cheek against his shoulder as I gave in to the pleasure. 
“What are you doing?” a weak female voice cried, startling us apart. 
Amanda was standing in the doorway of the bathroom. She was watching us, and she looked like she was about to cry. 
“What are you doing here?” Peirce demanded as he turned toward her. He was intentionally putting himself between Amanda and me. He was being exceptionally firm with her. His tone was colder than the tone he usually used with me. 
“I … I … followed you,” she stammered. She knew he was angry, and she was worried. 
“Leave now! Go back to your room!” His tone made me flinch, even though it wasn’t directed toward me. 
“Why are you with her? You said …” she started, then she suddenly cried out and grabbed her head.
“Leave now, Amanda,” he ordered again.
She cried out again and stumbled backwards. She turned and ran from the room. 
I jumped a little when I heard the bedroom door slam. “She doesn’t know we are together?” 
He turned and looked at me. “She knows you are mine.” He sounded as evasive as he could manage. 
“Just because we have a bond doesn’t mean we are intimate,” I said trying not to sound annoyed. My mind automatically went to the worst. He was obviously telling her something about me by how she was talking.
“Every vampire is intimate with the ones they bond with. It is not a secret, and I shouldn’t have to explain myself.” He climbed out of the bathtub. 
He was making it sound like our relationship was nothing special. Maybe it wasn’t, and I was fooling myself. “Have you been with her?” I asked, trying to keep my voice from cracking. I hated that he was getting to me like this. 
He looked at me as he dressed. “I keep my relationship with her separate from my relationship with you,” he said in a dismissive tone.
“That isn’t an answer,” I said angrily, as I stood. I stepped out of the water and wrapped a towel around myself. The feeling of betrayal was overwhelming me. I wasn’t even sure if he had betrayed me, but his evasive answers led me to think the worst. I hated this roller coaster of emotions he was always making me feel. 
“Hailey,” he growled as he followed me into the bedroom.
I refused to even look at him. I wanted him to leave. “Get out!” I ordered as I turned and glared at him. 
His expression darkened. “You are such a pain in the ass,” he muttered. He was gone before I could respond. 
I yelled in anger and grabbed the lamp. I threw it across the room. It landed on the floor with a loud crash. Hot tears rolled down my cheeks. I didn’t know why I was reacting this way, but I couldn’t stop it. I hated Amanda … I always had. Maybe he didn’t care for me anymore than he cared for her, and I was just fooling myself. I always had a lingering fear that I didn’t mean as much to him as he meant to me, and I hated it.
I quickly dressed, trying to calm down. I was so angry. My heart was pounding, and my face was flushed. I hated him. I didn’t want to be in the same house as him. I walked to the window, debating what would happen if I tried to leave. I pushed the window open and climbed out onto the roof. When nothing happened, I moved to the edge of the roof. I found a way down the house and landed in the soft grass. I hesitated for a moment and looked around. I was waiting for him to come after me. He didn’t come, so I ran.
I made it just inside the wood line when a searing pain, similar to the one I experienced the night before, shot through my head. I collapsed to my knees as I stifled cries. I wasn’t going to let him win. I used the closest tree as a support to pull myself up. I stumbled deeper into the woods, and the pain increased. The pressure in my head made me feel like my head was going to explode. I started to get dizzy and nauseous. Blood began to pour from my nose, but I didn’t care. The pain was making me hate him more, which was just making me more determined to run from him. I stumbled on, barely able to navigate. I had no clue where I was, or which direction I was even going. 
I collapsed against a tree, unable to go any further. I cried out in anger. I hated that he had this much control over me. He didn’t care about me, I didn’t want to believe he did anyway. It was all a ruse, so I would obey him. The pain was too much. My vision started to dim, and I collapsed to the ground. Everything slowly went dark, and all I could think about was Peirce. 

Chapter 31

I opened my eyes, blinking a couple times to clear my vision. I felt like I had a serious hangover. The memory of what happened was somewhat foggy. I sat up and looked around. I was in a small, dark room. The walls were stone, and the floor was dirt. It almost looked like some kind of dungeon. The thump of music above me was all I could hear. I slowly climbed to my feet and looked around. There was no light, except for a dim stream coming from the hatch above me. 
There were four walls of stone, and no obvious way to get to the hatch above me. It had to be at least eight feet above me. I sat back down. I felt weak, and I realized there was nowhere for me to go anyway. I couldn’t really believe Peirce had stooped to a new low and put me in a dungeon. 
My mouth was dry like I hadn’t had water in a while. My shirt was covered in blood. I assumed it was from my nosebleed. The hatch above me opened, and two men dropped down, landing on their feet in front of me. It was a little too inhuman for my liking. I pressed my back against the wall. I couldn’t go anywhere, but it made me feel a little better.
The lead man looked me over. He looked so familiar, but I couldn’t place him. He was handsome, too handsome for me to forget his face. “Who are you?” I rasped as I watched him curiously. 
“Names don’t matter,” he said curtly. He looked up at the hatch. “She’s awake, throw the ladder down,” he ordered.
Someone from above us lowered a ladder. He walked over to me and grasped my arm. He pulled me roughly to my feet. His eyes locked with mine, and I recognized his eyes. They were wolf eyes. 
“You’re a werewolf. Is Trey here?” I asked hoping he was.
The man scowled. “No, he isn’t, thanks to you.” He shoved me toward the ladder. 
“I don’t understand.” I watched him, slightly confused. 
“Go,” he demanded as he pushed me into the ladder. 
I looked up the ladder. It would be better for me to be out of the hole anyway. I climbed up the ladder slowly. Once I was just about at the top, hands reached down and grabbed me, yanking me roughly out of the dungeon like room. 
I was thrown on the floor so hard, the air was knocked from my lungs. I groaned, trying to recover. I pushed myself to a sitting position as the two men climbed out of the dungeon. There were now four of them. They all had similar eyes. I knew they were all werewolves. The only problem was Trey wasn’t with them. I wasn’t even sure if they were part of Trey’s pack. 
The man who spoke to me walked over to me and yanked me to my feet again. He pulled me along with him, and the others followed. 
“Where are we going?” I asked even though I was pretty sure it was pointless. They didn’t seem very talkative. I was suddenly regretting running from the Lockwood house. I was positive this had nothing to do with Peirce. 
“To get my brother back,” the man who spoke to me earlier said annoyed.
“Who is your brother?” I asked hoping he would continue talking, so I could figure out what was going on.
“Shut up,” he demanded, jerking me slightly. We were walking through the halls of a large house of some sort. I didn’t recognize anything. 
They led me outside to a waiting SUV. I was seated in the backseat between two of them. The man who spoke to me was driving, and the other guy got in the passenger seat. I debated asking more questions, but I decided against it. They seemed to get annoyed when I spoke.
“I don’t see what Trey saw in you,” the man driving said curtly. 
“Is Trey your brother?” I asked confused.
He scowled. “Yes, not that it’s any of your business.”
“I care about Trey. I don’t want anything to happen to him. Where is he?” I asked suddenly worried.
He laughed harshly. “Good, because you will be sacrificing yourself for him.”
“What? I don’t understand.” I was even more confused. 
“You will soon,” he said quietly as he focused on the road.
I sighed in annoyance and leaned back in the seat. He wasn’t being very helpful. I got that Trey was in some kind of trouble. I just wasn’t sure with who, and I didn’t really understand what it had to do with me. 
After almost an hour of complete silence, Trey’s brother turned into a warehouse district. He made a few more turns. Just in front of us there was a limo parked. I suddenly had a bad feeling about the whole thing. Trey’s brother stopped the car and climbed out. The two guys in the backseat forced me out, pulling me along behind Trey’s brother.
They stopped not far from the limo and waited. The limo door opened, and a man stepped out. I immediately recognized him … it was Julio. I thought I would be relieved, but I wasn’t. Something wasn’t right. 
He pulled Trey out after him. Trey looked beat up and drugged. He could barely stand, and he was in chains. “Trey!” I moved to go to him, but his brother caught my arm and forced me back against his chest. 
Julio stopped a few feet in front of us. Julio smiled slightly. “The girl for the boy.”
“Once you have her, you will leave Trey alone?” Trey’s brother demanded.
Julio’s eyes shifted to me. “That is what he has agreed.”
I wanted to ask who, but before I could, Trey’s brother shoved me at Julio. Julio caught my arm, then pushed Trey toward his brother. They quickly hauled Trey back to the truck and left. I was alone with Julio.
I looked up at him confused. “I don’t understand what is going on.”
He smiled sadly. “I am afraid you made some very dangerous people angry.”
“Who?” I asked confused.
“Me,” a dark voice growled from behind Julio.
I looked past Julio and instinctively went to step back. Julio held me firmly by my arm, refusing to let me retreat. It was Derrick. I didn’t want to believe it. Trey said he was dead, even Paul claimed he was dead. I pulled against Julio, even though I knew it was useless.
Derrick smiled, like he was enjoying my fear. “I see my brother had a lasting effect on you.”
I hesitated at his words. “Brother?” I asked confused.
“This is Zachary, Derrick’s twin brother,” Julio said in explanation. 
Peirce mentioned him, but he left out the fact that they were twins. Once Julio said Zachary was Derrick’s brother, I realized his hair was longer, and his features seemed sharper. His gray eyes were the same cold, terrifying ones Derrick had.
“What do you want with me?” I asked fearing his answer.
Zachary smiled, making me fight the urge to struggle against Julio. He was evil, I knew he was. I had a feeling he was far worse than Derrick like Peirce said. “Someone has to pay for my brother’s death. Out of all the people involved, making you suffer seemed like the most fun.”
I felt like I couldn’t breathe. The fear I felt was far worse than any I experienced before. I was frozen, unable to even think straight.
“Get her in the limo,” Zachary demanded, then he turned and climbed back inside the car.
I looked at Julio terrified. He looked sympathetic, but I knew he was going to do as he was told. “Don’t do this to me,” I begged as I pulled against him. I knew if I got in the limo, the chances of me surviving were very slim. 
“I’m sorry, Hailey,” Julio said apologetically. He pulled me toward the limo, holding me tightly. 
I tried to fight, but it was useless. He was far stronger than me. I was going in the limo whether I liked it or not. I suddenly regretted running from Peirce. The fear that I would never see him, or the others, again was terrifying.

Book 2 and 3 are now available on all platforms! For updates from me check out my pages! www.facebook.com/ellaprice.ella
www.ellapricebooks.com




