The Realm: Box Set - Parts 1 to 5
(Realm of Angels Series, Book One).

Conrad Powell

© Copyright 2011

SMASHWORDS EDITION

First World Publishing
New York

***

Visit Conrad’s websites http://www.conradpowell.tk/ or Conradpowell.blogspot.com. Subscribe to his official website to receive regular updates via email. Contact Conrad at mailto:contactmylawyer@gmail.com 
Conrad Powell’s Works:
Realm of Angels Series: 
Book One – The Realm: (All 8 of 8 Serialized Parts) bundled for convenience:
Box Set: Parts 1 to 5 bundled for convenience: 
Part 1: A fallen angel finds himself in a compromising position. 
Part 2: This explains Victor’s beginning.
Part 3: Victor is free.
Part 4: Choices.
Part 5: Victor’s mission.
Then complete the story with 
Part 6: The Day of the Fall will never be the same.
Part 7: A Prophet prophesies.
Part 8: Will something happen at Twilight?
Book Two – The Cross:
Part 1: (Scheduled for May 2013 Release).
Detective John Start Thriller Series: 
Book One – Start:
Box Set: Parts 1 to 5 bundled for convenience: 
Part 1: Fall - Joshua Fall, a high level criminal in the seedy world of New York corruption is brought to trial courtesy of then Officer John Martin Start. 
Part 2: Kill – [F r e e on itunes.com] Captain Cilantro calls Detective Start to a homicide crime scene in Brooklyn. 
Part 3: Plot - The Posse plans to rob the Bank of Jamaica. 
Part 4: Site – The Posse scopes out the bank.
Part 5: Trip - John Start travels to Jamaica to investigate the plot to rob the Bank of Jamaica.
(Coming Soon) Part 6: Jail - Someone is unexpectedly detained. 
(Coming Soon) Parts 7 to 12.
(Scheduled for a 2013 Serial Release) Book 2 – False Start.
(Scheduled for a 2014 Serial Release) Book 3 – Re-Start.
(Scheduled for a 2015 Serial Release) Book 4 – Start to Finish.
(Scheduled for a 2015 Serial Release) Book 5 – Start Over.
(Scheduled for a 2016 Serial Release) Book 6 – Bad Start.
(Scheduled for a 2017 Serial Release) Book 7 – Start Up.
Fiction:
Assurance Trilogy: Red Pill (Book One): Episodes 1 and 2 
Betrayal Series: Betrayal – Part 1 (Part 2 scheduled for June 2013 Release)
 (Short Story) - No Easy Day: A Fictional Account of the Mission That “Killed” Osama Bin Laden.
 (Short Story) – Bloody Shabbat (formerly entitled “The Walking Men”).
(Short Story) – Red Stilettos: Episodes 1 and 2.
Non-Fiction:
Hunger is Not a Game.
Jesus, I Am Ready: Developing a Servant’s Heart (Devotions for Every Day of the Year) – (Released in Monthly Segments): Month of April – April 1st to 15th.
No Easy Day for Mark Owen: The Legal Brief.
Sandy Hook Slaughter: Sandy Hook Slaughter: The Newtown Shooting and Massacre in Connecticut - Adam Lanza. Thoughts and Lessons on a Tragedy and the Coming Paradigm Shift.

All titles are available for purchase wherever ebooks are sold.
***

Back to Table of Contents


2. Table of Contents:

1. Credits:
2. Author’s Note:
3. The Main Title: The Realm: Box Set - Parts 1 to 5 (Realm of Angels Series, Book One).
3 (1). Part 1: Chapters 1 to 4.
3(1)(a). The Realm - Chapter 1 - The Blues.
3(1)(b). The Realm - Chapter 2 - Vamp Among Us.
3(1)(c). The Realm - Chapter 3 - Mayor Trudeau’s Problem.
3(1)(d). The Realm - Chapter 4 - Vander’s Visit.
3(2). Part 2: Chapters 5 to 7.
3(2)(a). The Realm - Chapter 5 - Adonari’s Roots.
3(2)(b). The Realm - Chapter 6 - Rumors of Rebellion.
3(2)(c). The Realm - Chapter 7 - Descend. 
3(3). Part 3: Chapters 8 to 12.
3(3)(a). The Realm - Chapter 8 - Villagio’s Vampire Delights.
3(3)(b). The Realm - Chapter 9 - Vampirol Lockup.
3(3)(c). The Realm - Chapter 10 - Vampires Can Be Lawyers? Of Course.
3(3)(d). The Realm - Chapter 11 - Judges Can Be Vampires? Of Course.
3(3)(e). The Realm - Chapter 12 - Salvation.
3(4). Part 4: Chapters 13 to 18.
3(4)(a). The Realm - Chapter 13 - Vampirology 101. Were You Sleeping in Class?
3(4)(b). The Realm - Chapter 14 - Mungar’s Rebellion.
3(4)(c). The Realm - Chapter 15 - Victor, We Missed You.
3(4)(d). The Realm - Chapter 16 - Heaven At Last.
3(4)(e). The Realm - Chapter 17 - Love Conquers All.
3(4)(f). The Realm - Chapter 18 - Zorona Where Art Thou?
3(5). Part 5: Chapters 19 to 23.
3(5)(a). The Realm - Chapter 19 - Light at Dawn.
3(5)(b). The Realm - Chapter 20 - Pre-Day of the Fall Celebration.
3(5)(c). The Realm - Chapter 21 - Resurgence of Evil?
3(5)(d). The Realm - Chapter 22 - Siton.
3(5)(e). The Realm - Chapter 23 - Let’s Get It On.
4. [BONUS EXCERPTS] – Conrad Powell’s Works:
4(1). Start (Detective John Start Thriller Series, Book 1):
4(2). Realm of Angels Series: 
4(3). Betrayal Romance Series:
4(4). Short Story Series:
4(5). Non-Fiction Titles:
***

Back to Table of Contents

1. Credits:

God blessed me with a very supportive and understanding family and I dedicate these works to them. Lord, thank you for the strength to persevere.

Copyrights:

Fiction:

Assurance Trilogy: Red Pill (Book One): Episodes 1 and 2 Copyright © Conrad Powell 2011.
Betrayal: Part 1 of Betrayal Romance Series Copyright © Conrad Powell 2011.
Realm of Angels Series: Book One – The Realm – A Novel © Conrad Powell 2011-2012.
Detective John Start Thriller Series: Start (Book One) - Box Set Parts 1 to 5 © Conrad Powell 2007-2012.
Red Stilettos (A Short Story): Episodes 1 and 2 © Conrad Powell 2012.
No Easy Day:  A Fictional Account of the Mission That “Killed” Osama Bin Laden Copyright © Conrad Powell 2011.
Bloody Shabbat (A Short Story) Copyright © Conrad Powell 2011.

Non-Fiction:

Hunger is Not a Game © Conrad Powell 2012.
Jesus, I Am Ready: Developing a Servant’s Heart (Devotions for Every Day of the Year) © Conrad Powell 2013.
No Easy Day for Mark Owen: The Legal Brief. Copyright © Conrad Powell 2012.
Sandy Hook Slaughter: The Newtown Shooting and Massacre in Connecticut - Adam Lanza. Thoughts and Lessons on a Tragedy and the Coming Paradigm Shift. Copyright © Conrad Powell 2012.

DISCLAIMER:

All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means – electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, scanning, or any other-except for brief quotations in critical reviews or articles, without the prior written permission of the author.

Cover Design by Conrad Powell.

***

Back to Table of Contents

2. Author’s Note:

Thank you for your purchase. My readers mean the world to me and I trust that the ideas will keep flowing to provide maximum entertainment. Enjoy.
 
***

Back to Table of Contents

3. The Main Title:
 
The Realm: Part 1 of 8
(Realm of Angels Series, Book One).

SMASHWORDS EDITION

By Conrad Powell.

© Copyright 2011 Conrad Powell.

3 (1). Part 1 : Chapters 1 to 4.

3(1)(a). The Realm - Chapter 1 – The Blues.

Chapter 1 - The Blues.

Aurora, MO

“Don't touch me,” said Little Jenny Johnson to her irritating paramour. He reached across the school lunch table and pulled her long blonde hair. The 7th Graders of Mount Redlock Valley High School were having their lunch.
“I can't stand you Jenny Jenny,” said Little Tyler Maddox as he pulled her hair again. 
Jenny, turning a whiter shade of pale, grabbed her lunch tray stocked with two hotdogs, a pile of beans, a medium salad and the ubiquitous box of chocolate milk and went to another table. 
“Jenny, don't leave me girl,” said Treesha Downer, her best friend, who jumped up as well and ran with her tray to catch up with her friend.  
“Tyler is such a jerk that's why he a-” 
They formed “L” shapes with their fingers and planted it on their foreheads. 
“Loser,” they said and laughed. The kids at the new table stopped eating and laughed at Tyler.
They eyeballed him and flashed the “Loser” sign repeatedly. Tyler turned red.
“Girl, if it wasn't for his ten dollar allowance that you always take from him, we would have gotten rid of him a long time ago,” said Treesha. Jenny flashed a grin. 
“I know,” said Jenny. As they sat a cold wind burst through the cafeteria’s open window.
Jenny devoured her hotdog and drank her chocolate milk. 
Treesha looked at Jenny who was turning blue.
“Girl, you're blue,” said Treesha.
“No, I'm not sad. I can't let Tyler get me down.”
“Seriously, you are blue as in B, L, U, E. Really, blue as in your face looks like a smurf,” said Treesha.
Jenny looked at her hands and noticed that she was indeed turning blue. She jumped up and let out a grand sneeze that sprayed a large vapor mist of saliva around the lunchroom. It reached far and wide touching the more than One Hundred 7th Graders at Mount Redlock Valley High. The students inhaled.
Jenny rushed to the girl's bathroom and Treesha went after her. As Jenny darted for the basin in the bathroom, a shadow flashed past the large bathroom window. Treesha saw it. 
“Whoa,” said Treesha as a cold chill ran up her spine then down her leg. 
Jenny popped her head up from the basin where she was vomiting.
“What?” said Jenny as she looked in the mirror. She noticed that Treesha, who was standing behind her, was also turning blue.
“Did you see that?” said Treesha who failed to notice that she was also turning blue.
“Treesh,” said Jenny looking into Treesha's eyes through the mirror's reflection. “You're blue too.”
Treesha took her eyes off the window and stared at her reflection in the mirror. The shadow moved from outside the window and formed the image of a man. The man was behind the girls. He appeared as if from nowhere.
Treesha sneezed and dashed to vomit in the other basin. Treesha regurgitated her beans and hotdog lunch into the second basin.
The man, if you can call him that, had grey eyes, a smoky white skin that looked pale against his short cropped black hair. 
A gust of wind blew through the open window which flapped the man’s long black cloak in the breeze. 
The man wasn’t a man at all but an 8,011 year-old vampire named Victor Saul who wasted no time sinking his long teeth into Little Jenny's now bluish neck. After Jenny went limp, he laid her gently on the floor.
Treesha whose head still hung over the basin wiped her mouth.
“Jen Jen,” said Treesha whose voice echoed in the bathroom. Jenny did not respond. 
Treesha looked up and noticed Victor behind her. She let out scream that shook the foundation of the school. It could be heard from the other side of Aurora, Missouri. This sleepy valley town was is for a shocking ride. 
Victor grabbed her by the mouth from behind to muffle her scream as he sunk his fangs into her soft bluish and caramel colored neck.
As he dropped her gently to the floor, Mrs. Benoit, the High School’s Principal rushed into the bathroom. Mrs. Benoit glimpsed Victor who wasted no time darting out the window like a stealth vapor. 
“Hey,” shouted Mrs. Benoit out of the bathroom window. It was no use. Victor was gone.
The girls did not stir. Mrs. Benoit ran over to them and felt their necks for a pulse. There were no pulses. A little bit of bluish blood from Jenny's neck got onto her fingers. She flashed it off and wiped her fingers on her new Donna Karan red skirt. 
Two security guards for the school rushed in. 
“Listen, stay with them,” she said as she got up. “I have to get help.”
Mrs. Benoit jumped into action running back to the center of the cafeteria. 
Three more security guards for the school ran over to her. All the kids were turning blue in rapid fashion. They looked like a sea of smurfs chucking up their lunches on the tables and floors.
“Get the boxes of emergency germ warfare masks,” she shouted to them through her hands that formed a temporary human mask over her mouth and nose.
“Quickly. Quickly.” 
They jumped into gear running so fast they almost dropped their batman-like utility belts complete with flashlights, pepper spray and chrome magnums.
Mrs. Benoit jumped on top of one of the white lunch tables when Little Gadriella Murphy chucked up her lunch all over Mrs. Benoit's shoes. Mrs. Benoit looked down in disgust but quickly refocused her attention on the children. 
She felt like Rudolph Giuliani in 9-11. Never in her Ten year stint as Principal did an emergency of this magnitude cross her path. The school’s fire alarm and warning sirens started to blare. She felt dizzy as her head started to spin. 
The security guards returned donned in surgical masks. One of them threw her a mask as they gathered around the table where she stood.
She bent down and shouted in one of their ears. 
“You triggered the alarms but they can't hear a thing. Get me a megaphone quickly. Hurry. Hurry.”
Dr. Colan's Medical Office flashed in her head. She had to get the children there, she thought. 
The EMT arrived and loaded Jenny and Treesha into the ambulance and sped away. 
Mrs. Benoit yelled into the megaphone, “Everyone to the school buses.” 
The blue children and those still turning blue stampeded out of the lunchroom into the slender hallways like the Bull Run in Pamplona, Spain. 
It was seconds before Mrs. Benoit loaded five yellow school buses, headed straight to Dr. Colan’s office in downtown Aurora. 

3(1)(b). The Realm - Chapter 2 – Vamp Among Us.

Chapter 2 – Vamp Among Us.

Medical Complex, Downtown Aurora, MO

Victor hovered above the speeding buses until the buses pulled up into Dr. Colan’s medical associate’s complex.
The children screamed. Two teachers, with their breathing masks affixed, herded the children out of the buses into the parking lot of the complex. Some of the kids continued to vomit. Mrs. Benoit rushed into the complex foyer area up to the secretary’s desk. Mrs. Benoit spoke through the mask.
The secretary seeing the blue children pouring into the foyer grabbed a breathing mask and shoved it over her face. 
Mrs. Benoit did not get a chance to speak to her. The secretary with eyes wide open jumped up and burst through the double swinging doors to the Emergency Room. 
“Dr. Colan, there is a sea of blue children in the-”. 
“I know,” said Dr. Colan, as he stood overlooking Jenny’s and Treesha’s bodies that laid on gurneys in the Emergency Room. 
Dr. Colan, clad in medical garb, put the stethoscope in his ears and placed the probe on Treesha’s bare chest. 
He heard a faint heartbeat. 
“Mmm,” he said looking at his secretary. The secretary stood still. 
“Get Volumes one to four of Blackstone’s Medical Dictionaries,” said Dr. Colan. “Stat.”
The secretary rushed out of the Emergency Room. Principal Benoit ran into the Emergency Room almost knocking the secretary down. 
“Dr. Colan,” said Mrs. Benoit. 
“Hi there,” said Dr. Colan. 
“Doctor my kids are turning blue by the droves,” she said. Dr. Colan looked at Mrs. Benoit. 
“That nasty creature bit them, a vampire,” said Mrs. Benoit. “Look.” Mrs. Benoit rushed over to Treesha and Jenny's bodies pointing to their necks. 
“Look, the teeth marks,” said Mrs. Benoit. I saw that thing leaving the school. 
Nurse Boyer, the surgical nurse, rushed into the ER suited up.  
“Doctor, I have called the B Team to report for mandatory duty. Mayor Trudeau and channel 4, KTLA News are on their way,” said Nurse Boyer. Dr. Colan did not respond. It would take at least twenty minutes before the B Team arrived.
Dr. Colan stood stoned faced scanning the bodies for a clue. There were indeed bite marks on the girls' necks. Dr. Colan sat at his medical examination desk as the secretary came with the Dictionaries. 
“Here you go Doctor,” said the assistant handing him the small pile of large textbooks. This enigma stumped the good doctor. Howard University Medical School had not prepared him for this. 
Certainly no medical school could have prepared him for the day he was having and the certainty of a long long long ill-fated night. Dr. Colan asked Mrs. Benoit to step out. She complied.
“Something is causing them to turn blue,” said Dr. Colan stating the obvious. Nurse Boyer smirked. 
“Draw two vial of blood from each girl,” said Dr. Colan.
He knew as much that something was robbing their blood of oxygen, hence the deoxygenated blood not only looked blue in appearance, it was causing those infected to faint without proper oxygenated blood flowing to their brains. The victims had no trace of red blood.
The only question was causation. The culprit was Thermophila Derimedius but poor Dr. Colan had no clue because Thermophila Derimedius was a derived mutated strain of Salmonella poisoning. It was in the bad batch of chocolate milk, the children drank at school. 
Dr. Colan had never witnessed such a damning contagion. The virus had no mercy. It ate the human body from the inside out as if a person had swallowed a can of acid. It was a relatively slow death. Dr. Colan sprawled some medical books on his desk, scanning them faster than his brain could read searching for a clue to this horrific condition.

***

While the good doctor pondered away, Victor sat atop the shingled roof of the medical complex nestled in between two pointed roofs. He sat with his back to one of the roofs in the crevice and stared at the brilliant sun. 
Four days ago I couldn't do this, he thought. I would have melted away into vapors had I tried this before that day. I had become different than the others on that day. On that day, my Redemption Day, I no longer felt the same. My body felt different, my mind felt strange, and I had feelings, real feelings. I was changing by the hour. 
If I could scream I would. I would scream to the universe to say look at me I am free, but I had no voice since that day, Redemption Day. I became a mute for what reason I cannot tell.
I remembered who I was before the Day of The Fall. That was the moment that my eternal existence plummeted into space and time like an Olympic diver suspended in air before piercing the waters of finiteness.
I felt like a diver whose body previously defined by the air and sun, once submerged was now defined, contoured, restricted, and locked in by the contours of the waters that engulfed him. I was now defined by an earthly existence that was greater than strange.
Little Trevor Jenkins jolted Victor out of hi musings as Jenkins screamed and ran from the foyer into the courtyard. The sickness took over his body. From where Victor stood, Dr. Colan's courtyard looked like a scene from The Blue Man Group on Broadway. 
Victor rose up and swooped above the courtyard, with his black cloak flapping behind him like the wings he used to have.
He descended on Little Trevor Jenkins who was breathing heavy and holding his heart. The ailment was poisoning Trevor's blood and causing cardiac arrest. Victor grabbed Little Trevor from behind and bit his neck. 
The sick children were sprawled out in the courtyard. They had dropped like flies under a mist of bug spray. 
Little Steven Hanson, Trevor's best friend ran outside in time to witness Victor munching into Trevor's neck. 
Little Stephen frantically ran into the doorway of the medical complex foyer and lifted up his mask.
"Hey. It's a vampire," said Steven. 
The rest of the kids inside the Medical Complex foyer, all donned in breathing masks, ran outside to the courtyard. 
Little Trevor became unconscious. Victor got off of Little Trevor's neck and darted to the rest of the children in the courtyard in lightning speed. He bit into Mr. Smellings’ son Grover. When he bit Grover's neck, bluish blood sprayed all over his long black cloak. He rested Grover's head on the ground and descended on the other children.
When he was done, not one child that had fainted in the courtyard was protected from his bite. 

3(1)(c). The Realm - Chapter 3 – Mayor Trudeau’s Problem.

Chapter 3 – Mayor Trudeau’s Problem.

Dr. Colan looked up from Blackstone's and ran to the foyer to see what the commotion was. A helicopter hovered over the Medical Complex before landing in the large helipad next to the complex. The helicopter induced wind almost blew Mayor Trudeau's toupee off as he stepped from the chopper with two security guards and his youthful assistant Jeffrey Moriah.
Dr. Colan. Mrs. Benoit and the remaining staff of the Medical Complex poured into the courtyard. The Mayor ran up to Dr. Colan as the helicopter blades came to a grinding halt.
Victor stepped away from behind the shrubs near the gate of the Complex. He moved like lightning but Little Steven Hanson could still see him.
“What we have here, Doc?” said Mayor Trudeau.
“We have a serious situation here sir. Something, some virus is causing the children from Mount Redlock Valley High to turn blue in color. Here, put this on,” said Dr. Colan as he shoved a mask in the Mayor's hands.
The Mayor hauled the mask over his face and said. 
“Yes, yes, go on.”
“As I was saying, something is causing the children to turn blue. They are suffering nausea and vomiting followed by-”
“What's the source?” said the Mayor.
“I was just getting to that,” said Dr. Colan snappishly.
“I'm sorry,” said the mayor.
“Mrs. Benoit, the school principal-”
Dr. Colan nodded to Mrs. Benoit standing next to him. The mayor gave a slight nod and shook Mrs. Benoit's hand but kept his focus on the doctor's every word.
“She saw a vampire biting the necks of a couple of children.”
“Yes. It's true. I saw him, ahh it, ahh ah, whatever that was, biting their necks,” said Mrs. Benoit.
Mayor Trudeau stood still as if he wasn't hearing the damning report.
“Bite marks are on their necks indeed,” said Dr. Colan as he stooped down and felt Little Trevor' neck.
The Mayor and Mrs. Benoit stooped down too. They were now all eye level with Little Steven Hanson.
“That thing just bit my friend's neck and turned him blue. I saw it.”
Dr. Colan replaced the mask that was resting on Little Steven's chin back over his face.
“Get him inside. Get them all inside. Quickly,” said Dr. Colan to the orderlies who zipped away without waiting to hear the full instructions. 
In seconds the orderlies returned with gurneys and picked up each unconscious child from the courtyard and whisked each inside the Emergency Room which was quickly getting crowded.
Mayor Trudeau scanned the courtyard.
“Listen. Call Chief Garrick. I want every officer in Aurora down here now,” said Mayor Trudeau. Moriah nodded.
“Call Governor Lockheed. Brief him,” continued the mayor.
Moriah flipped open his office Blackberry Storm and began to dial.
Moriah now regretted skipping his morning Caramel Macchiatto from Starbucks. 
He knew that had been a grave error. Moriah slipped into his usual pace routine as he made the calls.
The Mayor stooped down to Little Steven.
“Where did you see that vampire go?”
“He went behind the bushes. Over there,” said Little Steven pointing to the shrubs by the entrance to the courtyard. 
***

The KTLA News van sped into the Medical Complex parking area like they were the A-Team with B.A. Baracus. Mayor Trudeau stood up watching then come in.
The van could not go too far inside since the orderlies were transporting the comatose children to small cots inside the Emergency Room. 
“Get this. Get this,” yelled Anchor Newswoman, Greta Peltier as she popped out of the van running towards the complex.  The news cameras began to roll as soon as the three man crew jumped out with Greta. Greta did not miss a beat. 
“Ladies and Gentleman, This is Greta Peltier, from KTLA News - Channel 4, your best news source.”
“According to anonymous sources, we are investigating calls made earlier to The Chief of Police and the Governor's Office regarding a breakout epidemic of grave proportions that originated from the 7th grade classes of Mount Redlock Valley High School.”
“We are live here on the scene as you can see. Children who appear blue in color are being taken inside the complex. I'm going in to investigate further.”
Greta briskly walked over to Mayor Trudeau who stood like a deer caught in the headlights.
“Mayor, we understand that your office called the Governor. Is it that serious? What is going on here?” said Greta as she stuck the microphone in his face.
The Mayor figured the media would get there but certainly not so fast. Dr. Colan came out of the Complex and Greta didn’t even wait for an answer from the Mayor. She wanted the raw science data so she left the Mayor standing and ran over to Dr. Colan. 
She scurried to catch up with Dr. Colan. But Dr. Colan did not slow down. He was on the move.
“Doctor, doctor. What is the prognosis? Are these children dead?” said Greta with a brisk jog to keep up with the unstoppable good doctor. 
Dr. Colan continued his walked unabated towards the middle of the courtyard.  
“We are taking measures to cordon off the area. We are not sure what is going on. But a large contingency of school age children came to the Complex in the afternoon and two children were transported by EMT exhibiting the same signs.”
“And what are those signs doctor?” said Greta. Dr. Colan shoved six masks into her hands for her and her crew. They quickly affixed them.
“Something is robbing the children of oxygen in their blood hence they appear blue,”
Greta's jaws dropped as she stared at the entrance to the Complex. 
“Sorry doctor. Guys get this behind you,” said Greta as the camera crew turned around.
It was majestic. 
Chief Garrick flanked by a blue sea of police officers poured into the Complex.
“Are you getting this?” said Greta to her camera man. The camera man nodded his head as he panned the entrance to the courtyard. Victor peered out from the bushes. He was in camera view. The sun set on the horizon. The camera man zoomed in on the bushes then lifted his eye from the camera to confirm what he thought he was seeing. He rubbed his eyes then replaced the camera.
“Did you guys see a white flare in the bushes?” said the camera man to the crew.
Everyone said, “No.” 

3(1)(d). The Realm - Chapter 4 – Vander’s Visit.

Chapter 4 – Vander’s Visit.

Victor recoiled into the tall bushes. Out of thin air, Vander, his best friend, appeared behind him. 
Vander was a well dressed vampire in a long black cloak and turtleneck.
“Having fun playing with the kiddies Victor?”
Victor did not turn around and ignored Vander.  Victor did not speak, could not speak so he thought-spoke with Vander.
Vampires were good at reading each other’s thoughts.
“You know you're making a mistake,” said Vander.
“I'm not making a mistake. I'm different now,” thought-spoke Victor.
“Look at you, running around here like a mad man biting kids and spewing that nonsense against Our Son of The Morning Star,” said Vander.
“Send you did he?” thought-spoke Victor.
 “Look you even lost your voice,” said Vander. “What kind of nonsense is that?”
Victor turned to Vander.
“Nonsense? What's nonsense is what we did. What were we thinking trying to overthrow The Almighty? That's nonsense. The foolish plan Lucifer came up with is an 8,000 year old failure. Let's just say I came to my senses,” thought-spoke Victor.
“Failure? Come on Victor. You are losing your powers by the hour. You can't speak. Pretty soon you won't want to drink blood. You now hop around in the sun. Pretty soon you can't even fly or vaporize. You want to give that all up? The taste of sweet human blood Victor? You really want to give that up?” said Vander.
“What does it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his soul?” thought-spoke Victor.
“So one month of a personal rebellion against Our Son of The Morning Star and you are already quoting scriptures,” said Vander. "Don't you get it? You are Victor now not Adonari. That life is gone."
Victor turned his back on Vander to peer out of the bush at the commotion in the courtyard.
“Vander, I may not be Adonari anymore but The Almighty gave me a promise one month ago. I am holding Him to it. Remember how we weren’t allowed to read the Holy Writ of 'Revelations' while we were perfect in paradise? Well, I’ve read it. And I know how it ends. Your Son of The Morning Star is going to be defeated and all the Fallen Angels along with him,” thought-spoke Victor. “Let's just say I want to be on the winning side.”
"Look, a bunch of us are getting together later at Villagio's for dinner," said Vander. "If you get some sense knocked into you, I guess I'll see you there. I hear they have a new batch of humans just in from India; nothing like Tandoori blood."
Victor did not reply. 
The policemen marched towards the bushes where Victor was.
“Loss of thoughts, huh?” said Vander. “Looks like you have your hands full. I'll see you later...maybe.” Vander disappeared as swiftly as he had appeared.

***

Victor saw the Mayor and the sea of police barreling for him. They obviously heard something about him, thought Victor. As Victor darted out of the bushes into the air he felt strangely warm. His normal funeral-parlor-cold-dead-body-on-ice temperature was rising fast. 
He zoomed in the air and suddenly dropped with a thud. The sea of police along with Mayor Trudeau looked down at Victor sprawled on the parking lot floor. The Principal pushed her way into the center of the lynch mob that surrounded Victor. Victor tried to get up but he was weak. 
What was happening to him? He thought. He propped himself up on one hand as he lay on the floor. 
“That’s him. He bit all these children. He turned them blue,” said Principal Benoit pointing at Victor. Victor was too weak to respond and besides he lost his voice. He hung his head as he could not look them in the eyes. 
Victor tried to get up and stumbled back to the floor. The officers on the frontline beat him with their batons. Victor could not move. 
“Why are you terrorizing us?” said Principal Benoit as they bashed his head in. Victor said not a word. He couldn’t. 
I am abandoned, thought Victor. He remembered how Jesus Christ had suffered on the cross. 
He was one of the Vampires that were on guard in the gates of hell when the news spread that Jesus the Christ had been crucified. He was thrilled back then because Hell rejoiced at the news. 
“You demon,” said a police officer. Victor's gray blood gushed through the many bruises and splashed with every blow. The bruises penetrated to his spirit. 
“I now know how it feels,” thought-spoke Victor to the Almighty One. 
“I am sorry, My Lord,” he continued. Tears streamed down his face. 
The Day of The Fall flashed through his mind. He thought of the thousands of years of feeding on the blood of animals and humans. His tears were clear and mixed with the blood that streaked his face. 
“My Lord, I pledge my heart to you,” thought-spoke Victor. 
“I am nothing. I am a sinner. I am a Fallen Angel but your Angel nonetheless for I am nothing and you are everything.” 
The officers did not let up. An officer kicked him in the ribs several times. 
Victor’s head was spinning rapidly. 
“I give to you my heart and I pledge my love to you Lord Jesus Christ. You died for the sins of the world and you are its only hope,” continued Victor. 
But this did not change the immediate threat.
The beating continued unabated. 
The Almighty sent no legion of Holy Angels to rescue him. Nothing. There was an eerie silence in his heart. 
“My God, My God, why hast thou forsaken me?” Thought-spoke Victor. 
These words in his heart penetrated throughout his body. An officer took his baton and smashed it directly in Victor’s temple. Victor fell flat and still.  
Dr. Colan pushed his way through the sea of officers to where Victor was shouting as he tried to tunnel his way to Victor. 
“Stop. Stop,” said Dr. Colan. "Don’t kill him.”
It was no use. No one had heard him over the sound of the lynch mob.
Dr. Colan dropped beside where Victor lay and threw up his hands. His coat was now soaked in Victor’s blood. 
“Stop. Don’t kill him. It is not him” said Dr. Colan. “He saved them.”
Dr. Colan pointed to the entrance of the Medical Complex foyer. 
He placed his finger on Victor’s throat, well what was left of it. 
There was no pulse. 
“What are you talking about?” asked Mayor Trudeau.
“He killed them.” said Principal Benoit.
Dr. Colan stood to his feet. He wiped Victor’s blood on his coat. “No he saved them,” said the doctor. 
Mayor Trudeau’s fingers started to turn blue. It crept slowly up his arm. The police officers fingers also started to turn blue. It was a ripple effect. The virus was spreading. Principal Benoit’s fingers also started to turn blue. Little Jennie and Treesha came running out of the Medical Complex. Jennie was a precious healthy pink and Treesha was a gorgeous chocolate brown. 
“What’s happening? Asked Mayor Trudeau. 
“You are infected with the virus” said Dr. Colan
As Little Jennie and Treesha smiled up at the mayor the doctor explained.
“Apparently some chemicals in the vampire’s bite flooded those infected with a serum antidote. I’m not sure how the chemical works, but I know that it is the result of the Vampire’s bite. All the kids who were infected and who he bit are now alive and well. It appears to be a slow working serum. Mayor Trudeau, the officers and Principal Benoit, looked at their hands. Their faces turned blue. 
Their antidote stood still on the parking lot floor.
Victor heard a distant voice. It slowly became louder. Where was he? He thought.
Victor could not see. 
The darkness pervaded the deep as deep called unto deep. A little light grew and chased the darkness that enveloped him. 
Victor took notice with his every being. The distant voice grew louder. 
“I’ll try to save him but it might be too late,” said Dr. Colan as orderlies rushed off with Victor to the operating room. Dr. Colan scurried off behind them.

3(2). Part 2: Chapters 5 to 7.

3(2)(a). The Realm - Chapter 5 – Adonari’s Roots.

Chapter 5 – Adonari’s Roots.

Heaven - 8,050 years ago.

Adonari, the Cherubim holy angel flew to the top of the Amethyst gate. Each of the twelve gates of paradise led to a central area deep inside the Holy City of Zion or as the world called it heaven. 
In the center of the Holy City, the Spirit of The Almighty dwelt in the midst. 
Adonari pitched in a tree near the Amethyst gate. He sat staring into the deepness of the outer bands of the heavenly realm. This was the realm where the Spirit of The Lord hovered over the deepness. 
He was not alone. 
Nearby Gladaro, a seraphim flapped his angelic wings and with perfect precision pitched in front of Adonari.
The Seraphims were ten times the size of a cherubim like Adonari.
“Have you heard?” said Gladaro. Adonari stared into Gladaro’s face which blocked his way.
“And what are you speaking of?” said Adonari.
“You need to stop hanging around the gate like you are searching for something. What you are searching for you will soon find,” said Gladaro.
“Really? I don’t know what you are talking–”
“Let’s cut to the chase shall we.” said Gladaro. “Everyone is talking about it. You shouldn’t be so disconnected my friend.”
“Seraphims and Cherubims are hardly friends,” said Adonari.
“True. But that’s not our fault now is it,” said Gladaro with a smirk.
“Maybe Lucifer has something to do with that. Don’t you think?” said Adonari.
Gladaro stretched his massive wings that were the size of Saturn. In the heavenly realm everything was super-sized.
“Shh-shh,” said Gladaro as he raised his wing to his lips. “You shouldn’t speak so loudly there Cherubim.
“Loud? You forget The Almighty is omnipresent. There are no secrets in heaven. You actually believe The Almighty is not aware that Lucifer is planning to overthrow heaven?”
“Look, Adonari. You’re going to have to choose a side,” said Gladaro, now taking wings to flight and hovering in the air before Adonari.
Adonari flew up into the air in front of Gladaro’s face.
“You seem to be Lucifer’s spokesperson. Tell me, why does he feel he can overthrow the Almighty One?” said Adonari.
“That’s easy. Project Terra Nova,” said Gladaro.
“What are you talking–”
“Adonari, you really need to get out more often.”
“Lucifer, er – Son of the Morning Star told us of The Almighty’s plans. The Almighty had a meeting with the Council of Archangels, including Lucifer and The Four and Twenty Elders and told them of his experiment in free will. He plans on creating a race of terrestrial beings on that little ball of nothing they are calling The New Earth.”
“Really?” said Adonari.
“These terrestrials are going to be made a little lower than us in power and dominion,” said Gladaro. “When Son of the Morning Star heard about it, he saw a way to carry out the overthrow. These terrestrial beings, called humans are the key. They will have free will of a different kind,” 
Adonari stared at Gladaro in silence.
“Most of the Cherubims and Seraphims are on board,” said Gladaro.
“We will need you soon because The Almighty has finished creating the terrestrials. Soon be our time it will,” said Gladaro.
Adonari slowly descended back to the limb he was sitting on.
Gladaro followed and stood back in front of him just as before.
“I don’t think I want to be a part of that. It sounds too risky,” said Adonari.
“What’s risky is not joining the revolution,” Gladaro said.
Before Gladaro could finish, Lucifer appeared behind him from thin air. 

***

Lucifer, being an Archangel, was ten times the size of a seraphim. Adonari knew him by his scent. Normally angels had no smell but Lucifer was developing a very distinct odor kind of like the smell of one hundred year old manna bread that had crusted old and wet with the heavenly mist.
Lucifer realizing he was too large for conversation reduced his size to Gladaro’s height. 
The Son of The Morning Star was as beautiful as the heavens declared. His hair was a flowing auburn mane that reached behind him and rested in the mid-blade where his wings joined attached. His outer covering was a soft golden skin for angels wore no clothes. He like the others angels had sexual organs but these remained hidden until they were about to have sex. After the act the organs would disappear again. Angels were forbidden to have sex in heaven and only fallen angels outside of heaven had sex.
Lucifer’s ears were made of circular brass rings that piped music in octaves only the heavenly realm could hear. 
But he stopped playing music – the kind that praised The Almighty. 
Lucifer’s wings were a pale red for he was an Archangel. They were almost tea rose and the feathers had a stronger grade than those of the Cherubims and Seraphims.
The Cherubims and Seraphims had off-white, cream colored wings. 
Lucifer’s face was a beautiful bronze and he had eyes that mesmerized. All angels had noses but without holes for they didn’t breath air in heaven.
The Almighty was their sustenance. The breath of their lives, the glory of The Almighty was. 
Lucifer’s neck was tall and kept his head higher above his shoulders.
When he spoke, he sang. The lilt in his voice made even Seraphims tremble with adulation and fear. 
Oh, the smooth calm of Lucifer’s voice felt like a cool summer day on Earth resting on a hammock in the white and yellow lily covered prairies of the Serengeti plains sipping chilled lemonade, perfectly sweetened, as the cool breeze swept up and over one’s soul and slowly and gently tickling the leaves of the large Acacia trees that cradled the hammock and breathed coolness between the shade. Lucifer’s whisper teased and seduced the soul into compliance. 
“You should listen to him,” said Lucifer staring at Adonari. “You shan’t regret it.”
Lucifer gently brushed Gladaro aside. Gladaro complied.
“I’ll take it from here,” said Lucifer with a smile. 
Adonari felt a tremor vibrate his insides with every word that resonated from Lucifer’s lips.
“Adonari… Adonari. Ugghh. I have never liked those chosen names. I have renamed everyone on my side and I now call you Victor. Yes, Victor it is,” said Lucifer smiling ferociously.
“Victor, all that is said is true, every bit of it. Times are changing and it would be a shame to leave you out. Well, when we win, I’ll just destroy you and everyone else on the losing side. You know I don’t want to leave you out, but I will. I will,” said Lucifer.
As Adonari turned his eyes from Lucifer, a Legion of Angels, Seraphims and Cherubims flew overhead. Ten Thousand they numbered.
Zorona, a Seraphim and leader of that Legion, left them in mid air and swooped down beside Lucifer. Adonari kept silent.
“What have we here,” Zorona said. “Son of the Morning Star, Adonari.” 
Zorona nodded to them. Adonari stared at Zorona. Zorona is one of the guards that oversee the central region of The Almighty’s throne room in the center of heaven.
“Zorona, you’re a tad bit off your course,” Adonari said. “Shouldn’t you be guarding the throne room or something?”
“I am Vander now,” said Zorona. “Zorona is no more and if you knew what I knew, you too would abandon The Not So Mighty and His Throne Room.”
Lucifer smiled.
“You too Zorona?” Adonari said. “You too?”
“I –”
“No worries,” Lucifer said cutting off Zorona.
“You see that Legion that’s hovering up there? They are with me. Most of heaven is with me. We have more power together and can overthrow The Almighty as long as we stick together. Think about it. If he has really been all knowing why haven’t he stopped us and we have been planning this right in his face? If he had so much power why isn’t he stopping us? Why is he so silent? He is silent because the truth is our collective power is greater than his. He made a mistake when he gave his angels free will. Don’t you see he cannot stop it,” said Lucifer.
Adonari thought for a moment.
“Look, I have to go,” said Adonari and he took to flight high above the tree limb where he was sitting.   
Gladaro motioned to take off after him. Lucifer braced his wing against Gladaro.
“ No. Don’t bother. He’ll see for himself,” said Lucifer as Adonari darted through the Legion that hovered above. A few Seraphims moved out of the way to let him pass. 

3(2)(b). The Realm- Chapter 6 - Rumors of Rebellion.

Chapter 6 – Rumors of Rebellion.

Above heaven’s holy city the noise of confusion and rebellion faded the farther from the throne room he flew. 
Could we really be on the verge of rebellion? Adonari thought.
Why was The Almighty so silent? Why hasn’t he fought back? Lucifer’s words came flooding back in his mind. Maybe The Almighty could not stop it. How can one so All-Powerful be so helpless and weak? Adonari thought long and hard.
I will be left out if all of heaven sides with Lucifer. Adonari had to be prepared for what seemed like the inevitable.
He darted through the air to visit his best friend Zorona who worked near the Beryl Gate. Zorona, a Cherubim, was in training to guard the Throne Room.
Zorona provided security detail for the Beryl Gate during his time off from training. He was part of F.A.S.T., “Flying Anointed Squad Trust”, an elite squad of Cherubims that were like the S.W.A.T. team of heaven. They would later be responsible for slaying the first born in Egypt during Israel’s enslavement. 
The Trust was serious in battle and greatly feared in their precise execution of commands directly from the throne room.
Zorona stood guard along with another Cherubim right behind the Beryl Gate looking out into the deepness. 
Adonari pitched behind Zorona.
“You seem to be getting around these days,” said Zorona still looking out of the gate. Although the eyes of angels faced forward, they could see three hundred and sixty degrees. Zorona had seen Adonari coming from miles away.
“My friend you’re as sharp as ever,” said Adonari. “So what are you going to do?”
“About what?” said Zorona.
“The rebellion,” said Adonari.
“I’d really rather not speak about it,” said Zorona.
“But what are you going to do. Are you with him or not?” said Adonari.
“Son of the Morning Star?” said Zorona. Adonari said nothing. Zorona had a wondering look in his eyes.
“I see,” Adonari said. “I don’t know what to do. Really, I don’t.”
“I’m doing what I have to do,” Zorona said. “Simple”.
As Adonari was about to answer, a legion of Cherubims numbering Fifty Thousand, zoomed above the Beryl Gate.
Within seconds another legion numbering Eight Thousand flew to meet the first legion in mid-air.
The leaders of each legion, Camar and Leon, zipped down and hovered above Zorona and Adonari. 
“It’s time,” said Camar to Zorona. “Shut down the gate. We have to shut all twelve gates now.”
“Okay,” said Zorona as he zipped to the top of the tall Beryl Gate and pushed massive locks to close them.
“Come on,” said Camar.
Zorona in turn flew down to where Adonari was still standing.
“Come on my friend. Come on,” said Zorona.
“But, but –”
“Let’s go. Let’s go,” Zorona said. Zorona zipped up to join the two legions in the air.
Adonari did not budge and instead grumbled. I’m going to regret this, he thought. The spirit of the Lord whispered in Adonari’s heart not to go. Adonari shrugged off the warning and flew up to meet the rebellion. 

3(2)(c). The Realm - Chapter 7 - Descend.

Chapter 7 – Descend.

Angels flew to and fro in a frantic panic.
Ten legions of angels numbering One Hundred Thousand flew from gate to gate, securing the borders. In their eyes, The Almighty was about to fall.
The continuous light of heaven grew a gray dingy darkness as the angels flew about. 
Adonari, with the band of marauders about him noticed the darkness as they reached Topaz, the Twelfth Gate.
Adonari witnessed the mass of Seraphims and Cherubims gather on the outskirts of the Throne Room, high above the center of the holy city. Lucifer was nowhere in sight.
The unholy cohort of angels zoomed down to the east entrance to the Throne Room and yet there were no signs of Lucifer. 
Lucifer’s Generals like Camar and Leon carried out the orders.
The throne room had four entrances on the North, South, East and West.
The entrance to each was guarded by terrible beasts that had the face of men but had multiple wings numbering fifty on each side of the joints where the wing attached to their bodies.
Their bodies were dark yellow and their outer covering was tougher than diamonds.
These beasts had four pairs of eyes each that scanned three hundred and sixty degrees for their faces were four dimensional, like a box. Each side of the face could be viewed from any angle. They had no hair on their heads and a light, the glory of The Almighty, shone around them.
They had breast plates made of Doral, a substance One Hundred times stronger than diamonds. Their Doral breastplates shined silver in the glow of The Almighty’s presence and their tongues were blazing javelins.
The East Gate beast was called Love, the West called Faith, the North called Grace, and the South called Mercy.
Together they guarded the Throne Room and the presence of The Almighty. Camar flew straight to the beast at the East Gate. 
Five Thousand angels followed as Camar bolted towards Love. Leon and his legion followed closely behind.
The beast flapped all fifty pairs of wings at the same time and a gust greater than a million hurricanes blew Camar, Leon, Adonari, Zorona and the angels that followed him clear to the farthest point near the Beryl Gate. Camar shook himself and fumbled into the air. Adonari and Zorona followed.
“Now what do we do?” said Adonari to Camar. Zorona silently gazed into the deep outer bands of heaven.
“You’re damaged,” said Adonari to Camar.
“I – I know. I wasn’t expecting that one.”  Camar was damaged in the left outer region of his upper wings. The hordes of hellions that followed him were also damaged.
“There’s no way to breach the East Gate. Not with just our legion. We are going to need more power,” Camar said trying to ignore the pain in his wings.
“Personally, I don’t think Lucifer thought this–” 
“Look, enough of that. Of course he did. Are you in this rebellion or not? I’d appreciate it if you shut your mouth,” said Camar.
“Don’t be testy. I was just pointing out–”
“Don’t. We have enough stress to worry about than loyalty in the ranks,” said Camar.
“Relax,” said Zorona to Camar. “I’ve known Adonari since he was created. He’s means no harm. Really. He’s been hanging out on the outer bands of heaven’s gates a bit too long. He means no harm. Please.”
Before Camar could respond, Lucifer appeared out of nowhere to them with a burst of light.
“Leave him,” said Lucifer. “He’ll understand in a moment.”
Leon glanced at Lucifer and shot up into the air leaving their presence.
“So what is the plan? We obviously can’t penetrate the East Gate,” said Zorona.
“Au  Contraire. We can and we have. Your East Gate attempt was a diversion. In fact, in a few minutes you will understand what I have done,” said Lucifer.
Leon came back down before Lucifer could finish. 
“It’s done,” said Leon as he landed. 
“Excellent,” Lucifer said. “Let’s go.”
Lucifer, with Camar, Leon, Zorona, Adonari and the rest of Camar’s legion zoomed into the air. Lucifer led the pack. A grumbling noise erupted above Heaven as Lucifer and some of his angels trailed him. 
As Lucifer and his Klan reached the outer gates of The Throne Room, angels which could not be numbered flew to and fro in total disarray. A legion numbering Two Hundred Thousand of Lucifer’s loyal angels had breached the West Gate to The Throne Room. 
The Four and Twenty Elders who were seated behind The Throne of The Almighty filed out of the West Gate. 
No angel touched them for the Glory of the Lord that was on them prevented any angel from touching them. The only one considered Holy enough to touch the Elders was Jesus Christ, The Holy One of Israel, Yeshua, The Lion of the Tribe of Judah. 
The Holy One of Israel was nowhere in sight.
He was seated at the right hand of The Almighty, a position he was to hold until he descended on Terra Nova as a babe to save the Terrestrials from their sins. 
The Four and Twenty Elders lined up along the outer wall of The Throne Room, each with folded hands.
The Elders were created as The Council to help The Almighty run the universe and beyond.
The Elders looked like terrestrials and had long flowing silver hair that flowed over their long white robes which were stained with red. The red represented the blood that The Holy One of Israel would shed for all mankind. The Elders had golden bronzed skin and their eyes were full white with no pupils. Each Elder raised their right hands above their heads in the form of a fist.
They stood silent with fists raised above their heads as Lucifer approached with his hellion horde.
Lucifer barked commands to the horde to enter the West Gate. Every angel that was on Lucifer’s side numbering One Million angels flew into the West Gate. Only a third of the angels in heaven were on Lucifer’s side.
Lucifer remained on the outside of the Throne Room no doubt contemplating his ascension to the throne. The grumbling noise that had started some time before ceased. There was a dead silence in all of heaven. Every angel that existed in heaven was now in the Throne Room. 
A green light, greater that a million laser beams, shot from the West Gate into the darkness of the outer bands.
Lucifer was confused. He had never seen that type of light before in heaven. It emanated from the Throne Room brighter than a Billion suns. 
As the light extended, Lucifer did not see that Christ had propelled the set of rebellious angels out of heaven without fanfare. It happened so fast. 
Lucifer thought that perhaps the hellions had succeeded in neutralizing The Almighty’s power.
As Lucifer dashed for the West Gate, he could not enter. Christ stepped out of the Throne Room in power and might. 
Jesus was clad in a robe that was the purest of all. It was even purer than the robes The Four and Twenty Elders wore.
The Son of The Morning Star was void of all expressions as Jesus Christ stood in front of the Gate. 
Immediately, The Four and Twenty Elders encircled Christ. They spoke in unison. 
“Blessed be The Holy Lamb of God, The Alpha and the Omega, The Beginning and The End, The Lamb that will be slain for the redemption of mankind. You alone are worthy Holy Lamb of God. To you alone we pledge our loyalty and our endearing adoration and praise.”
Then the Four and Twenty Elders each spoke at the same time in tongues that Lucifer could not understand. It confused him to the point where he felt ill. 
Lucifer buckled to his knees and hung his long neck to the ground.
The Christ walked past the circle of Four and Twenty Elders and over to Lucifer and spoke.
“Oh Lucifer. One who was blessed from everlasting to everlasting. You were made to give God glory. You have allowed evil to seep into the crevices of your being. Jealousy and envy has taken over your very existence.”
Lucifer moaned on the floor almost prostrate. He could not raise his head.
The Christ walked over to him and lifted up his head. As Lucifer’s dangerous eyes met with the Christ’s, Lucifer hurled a spit in the face of Christ.
The Christ wiped his face with his free hand.
“It is only a deceiver that can deceive his own heart. You tried to conquer The Almighty but you could not even conquer the evil that resides so close to your heart.”
Lucifer stayed still gripped with his own hatred that seemed to strangle him the longer he stayed in Christ’s presence.
“What have I to do with thee, unholy and unrighteous Jesus?” said Lucifer.
The Four and Twenty Elders began to speak again in tongues that Lucifer could not understand.
The Almighty had had enough.
“Your blasphemy is not forgivable, Oh Lucifer,” said Christ as he walked away leaving Lucifer writhing on the floor.
Before Lucifer could recover, Christ stood in the Pillars of the West Gate and stretched his hands towards the chief deceiver.
A grumbling noise heard round heaven built volume as the same green light emanated from the hands of Christ. The beam of green light turned red and orange as it held Lucifer in the air and with a thunderous cry from The Almighty, Lucifer shot through the Beryl Gate and did not stop until he fell like lightening from heaven to the outer bands of Terra Nova where the terrestrials reside. 
Lucifer landed in a desert place on Terra Nova. 
His band of one million rebellious angels were there waiting for him only now their skins were scorched. They would need time to heal. Their wings were gone and dry nubby stumps were in the place where their wings had detached. 
They were all gasping to get used to the lungs they developed to breathe on Terra Nova. They now had teeth of fangs and they felt a grumbling noise on their insides because now they craved what they never craved before. They craved blood, terrestrial blood as they would soon find out. 
Adonari got up and looked around him. The Fallen Angels, now turned Vampire Demons all looked at The Son of The Morning Star who had landed in their midst with a thud. 
Although, Lucifer looked nothing like the Adonis he did in heaven, he retained a beauty that was sufficient to beguile the terrestrials.
The desert winds swirled the sulphuric smell of the horde of demons into the air carrying it far over the rolling desert dunes.
Adonari flew into the air and in front of Lucifer as The Son of The Morning Star rose up, dusting himself off.
“You said we outnumbered them. You lied,” said Adonari.
“Welcome to Terra Nova kid,” said Lucifer without a smile. 
As they spoke, a horde of desert rats scurried from a deep cavern near where the Fallen Angels had dropped. 
On instinct, the band of Vampire Demons shot after the mice, swooping them in their mouths.  Zorona grabbed two and plopped one in Lucifer’s hands.
Lucifer sunk his teeth deep into the rat’s neck and sucked its blood.
“Mmmmm. A bit dry and could use a touch of lemon but alright nonetheless,” said Lucifer.
Adonari felt a sharp pain in his stomach like it was eating itself.
Lucifer stretched the half drained mouse to Adonari.
“Get used to it Vic-”
“I am Adona-”
“No you’re not. Take a look at yourself you are no longer Adona- whatever,” said Lucifer.
“You are Victor, Victor Saul. That is the name I gave you,” said Lucifer. 
Victor refused the mouse.
“Suit yourself,” said Lucifer as he threw the mouse at Victor’s feet.
Victor Saul shot into the air, but he felt weak and started to involuntarily descend.
“Oh. You can’t fly on an empty stomach there, Victor,” shouted Lucifer from the ground.
The horde of vampires who knelt in the desert dunes sucking on the lifeless mice laughed.
Victor came back to the ground and grabbed the half drained mouse from the floor where Lucifer had dropped it. 
Victor sucked the very life out of the mouse and it tasted strangely sweet. 
The vampires laughed even louder. Victor wanted more and dashed into the cavern reappearing with four mice in each hand. 
Victor sucked all of them before the mice could wriggle to freedom.
The vampires laughed at Victor. Adonari had died.
Lucifer stared up into the blue skies working out his bearings on his new terrain.
“Vander, come here,” said Lucifer motioning to Zorona. “We must head for the place where terrestrials dwell. It is a place called the East of Eden. Round up the Klan. We have work to do.” 
The horde of Vampire Demons gathered around Lucifer.

3(3). Part 3: Chapters 8 to 12.

3(3)(a). The Realm - Chapter 8 - Villagio’s Vampire Delights.

Chapter 8 - Villagio’s Vampire Delights.

Present - One Month Before Victor’s Attack. 

“Victor. You’re early,” said Angela. The blonde female waitress walked up to him and gave him a passionate kiss. Victor had just flown to the verandah of Villagio’s Vampire Delights Restaurant.
He smiled flashing his pearly white fangs.
“I’m starved,” he said. “A growing vampire has got to drink.” Angela laughed.
“Growing? You’re over 8,000 years old. Not that much growing left,” said Angela.
He released her from his embrace.
“What do you guys have tonight?” he said as he followed her inside.
She took a pen and pad from her blood smeared white apron.
She ushered him to a booth with a reclining couch and a low table. He sat. 
“You vampire’s are so picky,” teased Angela.
“It used to be that any old blood would do.”
“You act as if you are not a vampire too,” he said with a chuckle.
“Lombhardi will be with you shortly,” she said. “You want your usual in the mean time?”
Victor nodded. 
“But add a twist of lime,” he shouted to her as she walked away. She turned around walking backwards.
“I get off at 11 tonight so make sure you come for me on time. I have a surprise for you,” she said as she smiled.
“Great. Thrill me,” he said. 
“Don’t sound so thrilled. I hardly get to see you,” shouted Angela.
Lombhardi sauntered over to Victor. 
“Keeping yourself away are we,” said Lombardi.
“No. Not really. I'm coming off an Isle of Man tour. Trust me they really know how to party over there, and the women-”
“Yes. I know,” Lombhardi interrupted Victor.
“I mean the women are so tasty,” said Victor. “I really wanted to stay but you know I can't miss this year’s Day of the Fall celebrations; had to rush back. I hear they’re having an extended carnival session this year.”
“It’s true. Arch Demon Marlon is officiating this year,” Lombhardi said.
“I’m starving. Whatcha got tonight?” said Victor.
“We have Russian-”
“Boring,” interrupted Victor.
“Italian-”
“Even more boring,” said Victor 
“Then there’s Chinese-”
“Mandarin or Cantonese?” Victor asked.
“Mandarin,” said Lombhardi.
“Don’t bother,” said Victor. “Villagio’s is not the premiere vampire culinary specialists it used to be.”
“Oh. We do have a special tonight but I didn’t think you would like it so-”
“What is it?” interrupted Victor.
“Jamaican,” said Lombhardi. “It’s on the spicy side.”
“Perfect. I’ll take it.”
Lombhardi scribbled as Angela returned with his Bloody Mary with a twist of lime. She stared into his eyes and grinned as she placed the drink before him.
“Very well. Let me warn you our Jamaican meal is a challenge to devour,” said Lombhardi with a grimace.
“I’ll take my chances,” Victor said as he picked off the lime slice from the chilled glass and squeezed it into his drink. Lombhardi shrugged his shoulder and left for the kitchen.
“I hear The Son of The Morning Star is appearing at this year’s Day of The Fall,” said Angela. 
“Yeah. I’m sure,” said Victor.
“You don’t sound so enthusiastic,” she said.
“Don’t get me wrong. I am used to being a vampire. The earthly thing, it’s great and all. But I just think the rebellion could have been done successfully. You know. I just think it’s his fault. You know-”
Angela put her hand over Victor’s mouth. Her hand muffled his voice. 
“Ssshhhhh. They’ll hear you. Don’t let them hear you spea-” 
Victor took her hand from his mouth and smiled.
“I was saying it’s okay. The truth is the truth,” said Victor. “I would have done a better job.”
“You worry me,” she said.
“I worry me too,” said Victor sipping his Bloody Mary.
A loud shout came from the kitchen.
“Get off me mahn. Raaaasss. Get off me,” said the middle pitched voice with a Jamaican lilt.
Lombhardi and another waiter busted into the dining area with a large brown Jamaican Rastaman with thick locks. The man was bound with his hands behind him and his feet were shackled. The Rastaman could not run away.
“I said get off me mahn,” said the Rastaman as Lombhardi and the other waiter threw him onto the reclining couch where Victor was seated. Lombhardi lost his balance and stumbled a bit.
Lombhardi and Victor looked at each other as Lombhardi got up dusting his apron off.
“There you go, the Jamaican special,” said Lombhardi out of breath. “I told you it was a rough meal.”
“ Look. You people better let my raaas go or else. I told you I’m not into these tings mahn. I’m not into these crying games,” said the Rastaman.
“Live or comatose?” said Lombhardi to Victor as Lombhardi motioned to the Rastaman.
“Live please. The coma injection makes the blood taste funny.” 
“Very well. Live it is,” said Lombhardi as he pulled a roll of masking tape from his apron.
Within seconds the Rastaman was gagged at the mouth. His protests and screams were reduced to smothered muffles as Lombhardi smiled.
“Enjoy your meal,” said Lombhardi as he and the waiter left for the kitchen.
Angela looked at the helpless Jamaican bound on Victor’s couch. 
“I’ll let you feed,” said Angela as Victor flashed his pearly white fangs. “Starved I’m sure you are.”
The Rastaman wiggled in the couch trying to break free but it was no use.
Within seconds, Victor’s fangs had penetrated the Rastaman’s neck and the locked Jamaican went limp. For a few minutes Victor fed on him careful to not drink too much of the blood. 
A vampire never wanted to kill the victim only to drain the blood like the Masai Warriors of Africa skilled in draining a cow for just enough blood to enrich their diet. Victor fed for his life. 
Victor as he lifted from the Rastaman’s neck.
The man lay limp on the reclining couch as Victor took the red napkin from his table and wiped the trickles of blood from the corner of his mouth.
“Hey Victor,” came a voice from the couch located behind him.
“Herod. What’s up?”
“Enjoying your Caribbean delight I take it,” said Herod.
“Ah quite tasty but I feel a little high,” said Victor.
“First time?” said Herod.
“Yeah. Whoa,” said Victor as he shook his head. “I don’t feel so good.”
Victor was turning even paler if that was possible.
“Yeah. The Rastas will do that to you. It’s like smoking the ganja yourself. It goes right to their bloodstream you know,” said Herod.
“How long does it last?” said Victor now lying down holding his head.
“Well since it’s your first Rastaman it will probably drain from your system in a day or two.”
Herod motioned for Lombhardi to come. Lombhardi walked over to them and noticed that Victor was sprawled on the couch.
“I’m going to be sick,” said Victor.
“It’s his first time feeding from a Rasta,” said Herod to Lombhardi. Lombhardi chuckled.
“I thought you knew,” said Lombhardi to Victor who was still sprawled on the couch.
“The THC goes straight to their bloodstream. Pure unadulterated ganja high,” Lombhardi said. Victor held his head and continued to moan. Angela rushed over to Victor.
“I'm sorry baby,” she said as she stooped down beside him. She put the back of her hand to his forehead.
“You’re such a baby, darling,” said Angela. “You’ll be okay. It will wear off in a couple of days.”
Angela summoned a waitress over. A young looking brunette vampire beckoned to her call.
“Please get me a gallon bottle of warm water and the peroxide out of the medicine cabinet. The young brunette nodded and rushed off. 
“I guess I'm going to have to take off early tonight to take care of you,” said Angela. 
“I guess,” moaned Victor.
Lombardi walked to another table to serve a young vampire couple that had just walked in. The young brunette waitress returned with the water and peroxide. Angela carefully measured two bottle caps of peroxide and poured it into the water. 
“Sit up and drink this. It will help with your nausea,” said Angela as she helped him to sit up. 
She poured a glass of the mixture and gave it to him.
A whirling alarm, which sounded distant at first, shrieked outside the restaurant. 
Within minutes Victor was surrounded by members of Vampirol, the vampire police force that patrolled the vampire world. 
Angela stood up in front of Victor. 
“Victor Saul?” said a bearded Vampirol officer decked in a red uniform with blue stripes draped along his jacket and pants. 
“I am Victor Saul. What is this about,” said Victor in a weak voice.
He put down the glass of peroxide mixture on the table.
“Sir, I am Inspector Vladimir Anon,” with Vampirol. “You are hereby placed under arrest.”
“For what,” said Victor suddenly not feeling so sickly. 
“I was getting to that if you will allow me,” said Inspector Anon. “Seize him,” said Inspector Annan.
 Eight officers surrounded him. One of them tasered him so that he couldn’t fly. 
He immediately screamed in pain as the taser surged through his body. 
He fell with a soft blow onto the couch.
“What is this for? Can’t you see he is sick?” said Angela as she tried to push the officers away from him.
“Ma'am. Get out of the way or we’ll arrest you for assaulting a member of the force and obstructing officers carrying out their duties,” said Inspector Anon.
Victor tossed in pain.
“Pick him up,” said the inspector. They pushed Angela out of the way.
“Mr. Saul. You are under arrest for threatening treason against the kingdom of darkness,” said the inspector.
“Cuff him,” he said. The officers cuffed him and dragged his weak body out of Villagio's with Angela screaming.
The patrons resumed their bloody meals. 

3(3)(b). The Realm - Chapter 9 - Vampirol Lockup.

Chapter 9 – Vampirol Lockup. 

Inspector Anon and the officers flew into the air with Victor dangling by his shoulders. 
Within moments they flew him to an exceeding high mountain cave with a large entrance.
They took him deep within the cave to an area with a cell lockup.
They threw him in and slammed the specially made bars shut. No vampire known to their world could break it. 
Normally a vampires spit had special enzymes that melted metal but this cell was impervious to its effects. Victor slid flat on the floor. 
Who said something? That was a private conversation between me and Angela thought Victor. It had to be a customer at Villagio’s. I saw a few on their phones, continued Victor in thought.
The taser’s effect was wearing off. A voice came from inside the cell.
“Hey brother. Sit up. Don’t let them see you defeated. That is what they want,” said a young black vampire with cool brown skin and long braided here. 
Victor sat up on the floor with his back to the wall. He still felt a little dizzy. 
“I'm okay,” said Victor. They were silent for a moment. Victor broke the silence. 
“What's going to happen to me?”
“Well, first of all you need a lawyer. I suggest Valentino Miller. But he's as expensive as they get. He looks like 20,000 years old but he’s in good with most judges. You'll probably get bail using him,” said the black vampire. “I'm Cyril by the way.” 
“I am Victor,” he said. Victor glanced to the corner of the wall and saw an old white vampire curled up on the floor. 
“Who’s he,” said Victor.
“Oh that's Johnson. He's been in here for over a year, so I heard. I came last month and found him here. I think all of his vampire family is gone; Stakes through their hearts or something like that. I think it was a vampire mob hit. He must have killed a couple of mobsters,” said Cyril. ‘I think.” 
A loud clanging noise interrupted them.
A Vampirol prison guard pushed a large metal tray cart on wheels. It was the kind that airline hostess’ served from. 
As he pushed it along, the wheels flickered to and fro beneath the metal weight. 
He whistled as he pushed the cart towards Victor and Cyril's cell. 
“She'll be comin’ ‘round the mount’n when she comes. She'll be comin’ ‘round the mount’n when she come. She'll be comin’ ‘round the mount’n– 
“Will you stop that silly noise Seabert,” interrupted the cell guard on duty near the entrance to the cell area. 
“They say whistle while you work,” shouted back young Seabert. “It makes di’ hours go fast’r. Besides yer’ way too grumpy thar’ pardner.” 
Seabert turned his attention to the inmates.
“All right you varmins. We’s got your delectable grub for all yuz right here. Don't y'all gravel it up all at once,” said Seabert as he opened the latch to the cart and flipped open the top.
He pulled out a long slender metal box with tiny holes in it. They heard squeaking inside of it. 
“Don't suck them too long,” Cyril said. “They are as old as eternity.” Seabert grinned flashing his vampire teeth. 
He stared at them as he tossed the metal box through the cell bars. It dropped with a clankity clank. Victor's face lost all expression. Siebert grinned. 
“What did you think you would get? Eye-talian or Chinese takeout?” said Seabert as he patted his overalls for a key. He reached into his green overall breast pocket but came up with nothing in his hand. 
“Where da hell did I put that damn key?” muttered Seabert to himself. 
“Get the agony over with already,” shouted Johnson from his fetal position. 
“Shut up you old bloodsucker,” said Seabert. Cyril's jaw dropped. This was the first time he heard Johnson speak since Cyril had been in there. 
“Found it,” said Seabert pulling a key from his overall’s back pocket. His face lit up as he hoisted the key to the metal box in the air. Seabert tossed the key into the cell. It bounced off the metal box with a clank and landed in the middle of the cell. 
“You varmins don't eat yer grub all at once now,” said Seabert with a giggle. He giggled as he walked down the corridor to an inner area. 
Cyril clamored for the key on the floor. His vampire talons scraped on the concrete as he grabbed up the key and opened the metal box. He flipped open the box and picked up a live rat. He bit the rat’s neck one after another in rapid fire. He didn't even inhale or take a breath. 
Cyril held out a live rat to Victor. Victor shook his head. 
“You better eat now. You won't get anything again for three days,” said Cyril as he bit the rat he had offered to Victor. 
I can't believe I have come to this, thought Victor. He remembered The Day of the Fall, when they fell from heaven and his rude awakening to the vampiric way of life. He had devoured so many rats that day trying to get enough of that coagulate red platelet soup; the soup that he now craved, that he now needed. 
“Johnson. You better eat too,” said Cyril as he took two rats from the metal box and walked over to Johnson. 
Johnson propped himself on one elbow and took the rats. He bit into it. It gave a shriek and went limp. 
As Johnson was about to feed from the second rat, Warden Pitter shouted into the cell area.
“Victor Saul? Victor Saul?”
“Yes,” shouted Victor. 
“You have a visitor,” said the Warden as he walked to the cell accompanied by another vampire. 

3(3)(c). The Realm - Chapter 10 - Vampires Can Be Lawyers? Of Course.
	
Chapter 10 – Vampires Can Be Lawyers? Of Course. 

Everyone looked up to see a tall gray-haired handsome vampire dressed in a black cut-to-fit suit, a white shirt, a white-collar that the lawyers in old England wore and a flowing black robe.
He held a soft well oiled black leather attaché case in his right hand. 
“Valentino,” said Cyril with a smile. Victor walked to the front of the cell. 
Warden Pitter stayed next to the attorney. 
“Mr. Saul?” said Valentino. 
“Yes sir.” 
“Your girlfriend Angela contacted my chambers and retained me to come and see you,” said Valentino. 
Victor cracked his first smile since he had been locked up. 
“Thank you,” said Victor. 
Valentino held up his hand to silence Victor as he shot a stern glance at the Warden Pitter who was still standing over Valentino’s shoulder. 
“Warden. Do you mind? I'm trying to speak to my client in private.” 
“Now Mr. Miller, you know I have to stay here and watch this meeting.” 
“Warden, need I remind you that according to the Vampiric Code Annotated Section 53 Subsection 4, an attorney and client are privileged to have a private consultation in relation to a criminal case.” 
The attorney did not take his eyes off of Warden Pitter. 
“Now, now, counsel, all right. I'll be standing right over there watching,” said the warden. 
“In fact warden, please take him out of the cell so that we can confer in private in a quiet room.”
“All right counsel, all right,” said the warden as he took the special key out of his side pocket. 
“Turnaround at the cell door and put your hands behind you,” said the warden to Victor.
Victor complied and the warden slapped a pair of special chrome enforced handcuffs on Victor which were impenetrable to a vampire's strength. 
“Step away from the cell door,” said the warden. Victor complied. 
As the warden opened the cell door, Victor walked out. 
The warden escorted him with Valentino close behind. They went down the narrow corridor to a side room dug out in the caves. 
“I'll be right out here,” said the warden. 
“Please take his cuffs off,” said Valentino. 
“Now counsel, I don't think that will be happening,” said the warden. 
“But he is entitled to-” 
“Counsel. That will not be happening. Period,” said the warden as he brought Victor into the room and sat him down on a chair inside. 
Valentino grimaced as he walked inside the room. 
“Very well, said Valentino as the warden exited the room. 
Warden Pitter stood guard at the door. Valentino closed the door and sat in the other chair.
Mr. Miller, I've never been in trouble-”
Valentino held up his hand to cut him off. 
“Please. Let's focus on the problem,” said Valentino. 
“What happened?” Valentino asked. 
Victor recounted his horrific ordeal in detail. Twenty minutes zoomed by when Victor finally said, “so what happens now?” 
The warden popped his head inside the door. 
“Counsel, it's almost sunset. Court is about to begin. Please wrap this up,” said the warden.
“Very well,” said Valentino. The warden closed the door. 
“Well, that's what happens next. I'll do a bail application in court to try to get you out while the case for treason trudges on. You are facing serious charges. Someone in the restaurant is to blame. The question is who. Of course we will soon find out the identity of the informant once we go to trial,” said Valentino. 
“It just had to be Herod,” said Victor. I'm sure it’s him. He was sitting right behind me. That rat.”
“Look. I better get to the courtroom. I'll see you shortly,” said Valentino as popped out of his chair and walked out the door. 
“I'm finished,” said Valentino to the warden. 
“All right counsel,” said the warden as he opened the door and dragged Victor out by the hands.

3(3)(d). The Realm - Chapter 11 - Judges Can Be Vampires? Of Course.

Chapter 11 – Judges Can Be Vampires? Of Course. 

Within minutes Warden Pitter led Victor down along winding, dark, descending corridor that emptied into a large chamber in the depths of the mountain cave. Victor winced his eyes in the brightness of the torches that donned the sides of the chamber and the gigantic candle chandeliers that hung from the ceiling. 
This chamber courthouse was magnificent to behold. All upper corridors emptied into it. At the front of the courtroom was the judge’s seat embellished in a red velvet cushions. The judge’s bench was made of dark mahogany wood. The witness box was to the left of the judge’s bench and the jury box was to the right. 
In front of the judge’s bench was the attorney’s bar benches similar to a relic design from Old England. 
Valentino sat at the attorney’s bench conversing with the prosecutor Kirk Madison. 
A couple of junior defense attorneys were also sitting at the attorney’s bar. 
The prisoner’s dock was located behind the attorney’s bar and the gallery was beyond that point. 
Several prisoners from different jails were sitting in the front row of benches behind the dock. Vampirol guarded them. 
No spectators were in the gallery. As Warden Pitter escorted Victor to the prisoner’s bench, the judge walked in and stood at his bench. 
Everyone stood. The courtroom bailiff spoke.  
“All rise. This Dishonorable Court of the Dishonorable Dark Lord Justice Ronald Morbid now in session. May the Son of The Morning Star protect us and preserve the Kingdom of Darkness. Please be seated.”
Justice Morbid sat down. Everyone waited for the judge to take his seat. They bowed to the judge and sat down. 
Justice Morbid was dressed in a long red frock with white trimmings and he wore a powdered wig that reached his shoulders. 
In one hand was an embroidered handkerchief that he used to wipe the sweat from his brow.
His vampire teeth were yellow probably from too much talking and his skin was paler than a corpse long dead.
Valentino was the most senior attorney at the attorney’s bench so he went first. He rose to mention his matter. 
“May it please you my Dark Lord. Might I mention the matter of The Kingdom of Darkness versus Victor Saul? I believe it appears on your Dark Lordship’s new list.
“I don't see it on my list. What's he charged with?” said the judge. 
Valentino sat down deferring to Prosecutor Kirk Madison. 
The prosecutor popped up from his seat. 
“My Dark Lord, may it so please you. Victor Saul is charged with treason. It appears that Vampirol brought him in this evening. The paperwork was late-”
“Fine, just list it already. This isn't rocket science,” said the judge.
“Very well my Dark Lord,” said the prosecutor as the judge handed the bailiff the court list.
Valentino stood up. 
“My Dark Lord, Mr. Saul is in custody,” said Valentino as he motioned for Warden Pitter to put Victor in the dock. Victor slowly entered the dock.
“You people are hell-bent on keeping me here all night. But I have news for you, I have a Hawaiian meal waiting for me at Villagio’s and I'm not going to be late,” said the judge. “Let's get on with it Mr. Miller.” 
“Very well my Dark Lord,” said Valentino gearing up for his special brand of abracadabra.
“My Dark Lord the defense would like to make an application that Mr. Saul be admitted to bail. Perhaps the Kingdom could recite the allegations for your Dark Lordship.”
“Very well,” said the judge. “Please Mr. Madison state the allegations for the court.” 
For the first time, Victor became afraid. His heart sank as the prosecutor began. 
“My Dark Lord,” said the prosecutor. “Victor Saul earlier today committed treason of the highest order by stating and I quote, ‘I am used to being a vampire and the earthly thing; it’s great. But I just think the rebellion could have been done successfully. You know. I just think it’s his fault. You know. I was saying it is okay. The truth is the truth. I would have done a better job.’”
Valentino jumped up. 
“Lies, all lies. Vicious-”
“Mr. Miller. Get a hold of yourself. What's wrong with you,” said the judge wrapping his gavel until it flew out of his hand. 
The prosecutor, who kept on his feet, smirked. 
“My Dark Lord-”
“Sit down Mr. Miller,” interrupted the judge. “Sit down.” Valentino took his seat.
The junior attorney sitting next to Valentino leaned over and whispered in his ear.
“Mr. Miller. You're not supposed to do that.” 
“Trial tactics, my boy, trial tactics. You have to throw them off at all costs whether you're right or wrong. Remember what you learned in first year at Transylvania School of Law, It’s better to be loud and wrong rather than soft and right,” whispered Valentino. “Watch this.”
The prosecutor continued. 
“As I was saying my Dark Lord, The Kingdom of Darkness is objecting to bail-”
“On what basis,” interrupted Valentino without bothering to stand. 
“Mr. Miller. I'm warning you. One more outburst from you and you will spend the night with your client. Is that clear?”
Valentino stood up. “It is clear my Dark Lord,” said Valentino. “I apologize to the court.”
Victor managed a slight smile. He had never seen an attorney fight so hard. 
The prosecutor smiled as well but his smile was the sheer joy of watching Justice Morbid bludgeon Mr. Miller in court.
“My Dark Lord, based upon the Vampiric Code Annotated Section 10.2 (a), we are objecting to bail based upon the belief that the accused is a flight risk,” said the prosecutor.
Valentino shot a puzzled and annoyed expression at the prosecutor but Valentino dared not make a sound. 
“Furthermore,” continued the prosecutor. “Based upon the strength of the allegations in that we have credible evidence from an informant who overheard the said conversation at Villagio's restaurant, and the fact that the accused resisted arrest-”
“I did not, Sir. I did not,” said Victor from the dock. Valentino stretched his hand behind him at Victor to motion for him to be quiet. 
“Mr. Saul,” said the judge. “I am going to assume that this is your first time before the judiciary. Therefore, understand that you do not speak in this courtroom on your own behalf because you have an attorney. Now, your attorney has been temporarily silenced until it is his time to speak. Therefore I expect not another word from you unless I ask you to speak. Understood?”
“Yes sir. I apologize,” said Victor.
“As I was saying, My Dark Lord. The accused resisted arrest at the restaurant. Therefore we believe that if he is admitted to bail he will fail to surrender to this court,” said the prosecutor. The prosecutor sat down.
“All right,” said the judge now looking at Valentino.
Valentino took his cue and popped up from the bench. The theatrical performance began as Valentino buttoned his black jacket, folded his hands in front of his chest and rested his jaw on his right hand. Those who knew Valentino knew it was his signal for war.
“My Dark Lord, pursuant to the Vampiric Constitution, the accused enjoys not only the presumption of innocence but also the absolute, unequivocal, sacrosanct and unfettered right to bail,” began Valentino. 
“Mr. Miller,” interrupted the judge. “I have this unsettling feeling we will be here for another two hours. I am familiar with the Vampiric Constitution. Hurry it along.”
“Yes, my Dark Lord,” said Valentino. He continued.
“The right to bail is the normative position from which my Dark Lord ought to start in his analysis of the determination whether to grant bail or not. We believe-” 
A loud thud interrupted Valentino. All eyes darted to the direction of the dock where Victor fell flat on his back convulsing at the mouth. His body shook violently. The bailiff and several police officers ran to the dock to investigate. The court erupted in commotion. The judge wrapped his gavel violently. 
“Silence, silence,” said the judge.
“My Dark Lord,” said Valentino glancing to and fro between the judge and Victor. “It appears my client is having a seizure.”
“Very funny Mr. Miller. You well know vampires don’t have seizures. Try again,” said the judge. The Vampirol officers fanned Victor. Before Valentino could speak the judge continued.
“Better yet, are you and your client trying some chicanery in my courtroom? Obviously he's feigning. I wonder if you had something to do with this?” 
“No, my Dark Lord,” Valentino said. “Absolutely not.”
Valentino sat down as the officers carried Victor out of the court through a corridor to the infirmary. 
“My Dark Lord,” said the prosecutor. “Perhaps we should adjourn the matter until tomorrow night.” 
“I was about to suggest that,” said Justice Morbid. “Mr. Miller. Is that all right with you?” 
Valentino briefly stood to his feet. 
“Yes, my Dark Lord,” said Valentino.

3(3)(e). The Realm - Chapter 12 – Salvation.

Chapter 12 – Salvation.

A few hours later, two Vampirol prison guards assisted Victor in getting back to the cell. As the guards opened the cell door a weakened Victor wobbled in. 
“Victor,” shouted Cyril as he popped to his feet and rushed over to Victor. “What happened to you?” The guards closed the door and drifted out of sight. Cyril helped Victor to a concrete slab bench in the cell.
Victor rubbed his head. 
“I, I don't know. One minute I was listening to Mr. Miller, and you're right, he is a really good lawyer, and the next minute I felt dizzy and that's all I remember until I woke up in the infirmary,” said Victor. “They gave me something. I don’t know what.”
On the other side of the cell, Johnson remained curled in his fetal position.
“Maybe this prison life just does not agree with you,” said Cyril.
Victor faintly replied as he rested his head on the concrete slab which served as his pillow.
Cyril sat on the floor next to the concrete slab and remained silent as his friend drifted off to sleep.
In the recesses of sleep, Victor heard a voice.
“Adonari. Adonari,” said a strong voice.
“Cyril. Let me get some sleep,” said Victor. “Please.” The voice came again. “Adonari. Adonari,” said the voice again. I must be dreaming thought spoke Victor.
“You are not dreaming. Really, you are not,” said the voice.
Victor popped his head up from the concrete pillow. Cyril was fast asleep and Johnson left his fetal position and stretched out on the floor but still fast asleep.
A richly dark skinned man of average height was sitting near Johnson. He had his arms folded in front of him. He was so black he was almost blue; Miles Davis blue, with light blue eyes and a short haircut. He was dressed in jeans, sneakers, with a small gold chain around his neck and a blue and white Adidas zip up sweat shirt.
Victor looked sideways at the man but did not see a chair underneath him. Victor rubbed his eyes and sat up on the concrete slab.
“Adonari. Look what you have done to yourself, said the man. 
“Lorenz. I would say the same for you,” said Victor eyeballing Lorenz’s attire.
“Oh, said Lorenz as he popped up from his illusionary chair.
“I forgot.” Lorenz held up his hands high above him and the sweatshirt and jeans outfit was replaced by his bronze angelic body which was wrapped with an off-white tunic that matched the color of his wings. On earth holy angels had to wear clothes. 
Lorenz’ long, white, holy angelic wings stretched past the relatively small cells space. He recoiled them behind him. Lorenz was a Cherubim like Victor used to be.
“Sorry about that,” said Lorenz. “I’m coming from a mission in West L.A.”
I miss those wings, thought Victor hardly able to look at Lorenz’s shining golden face. It had been some 8,000 plus years since he had seen his friend; his only other friend he had in heaven besides Zorona.
“I can only imagine,” said Lorenz.
“Look at you now. You’ve got fangs and you smell like a mixture of rat urine and blood,” said Lorenz.
“Ah, Lorenz. You haven’t changed; always stating the obvious,” said Victor. They heard footsteps coming towards the cell. 
Lorenz vanished as four prison guards arrived at the cell. They were young recruits that recently completed Vampirol Constabulary Academy.
“Which one is it?” said the oldest one at the top of his voice as he opened the cell door.
Cyril woke up. Johnson curled back in his fetal position. The young guards rushed into the cell and pulled out their batons. Cyril jumped up and one of the guards hit Cyril across the face knocking him out. 
“Idiot,” said the guard who knocked Cyril out. They laughed.
They pulled Victor to his feet.
“We heard about the stunt you pulled in court today,” said one of the guards as he jammed the baton in Victor’s stomach.
Victor buckled at his waist. 
“Not good. Not good,” said another guard who hit Victor across his back with another baton. 
Victor fell to the floor. They picked him up. Johnson did not stir.
Victor could barely stand. The guard that hit him in the stomach held Victor’s face in his hand. The same guard leaned his face close to Victor’s. The guard was so close that Victor could feel his blood breath.
“You might as well get used to this,” said the guard. The others laughed. “Yep,” said another one.
Victor spoke.
“Judging from the unqualified that works for him, I see why the coup failed.”
The prison guard steamed in anger. He turned away from Victor stepped back and instantly swung his baton cracking Victor’s jaw. Victor’s gray blood flashed on the other guards and the stone cell wall. Victor dropped to the floor as blood oozed from his face. The guards took turn giving him a kick in his stomach. 
They filed out of the cell, closed the door and laughed among themselves as they walked away. Victor was awake but in serious pain. Cyril was still unconscious.
With the guards out of sight, Lorenz reappeared.
“Great timing,” mumbled Victor. “You could have come just a tad bit earlier.”
“I wish I could but I can’t let them see me. It’s for your sake,” said Lorenz.
Lorenz bent down and helped Victor who propped himself against the cell wall near where his blood decorated it in strie fashion. 
“I am tired,” said Victor.
“I figured as much. You know you don’t have to go through this anymore,” said Lorenz.
“What? Am I supposed to waltz back into heaven and say ‘Hey God sorry about the revolution thing. I’m back.’” Victor’s head was splitting in two with pain.
“Well yes and no. Yes you can ask forgiveness. Yes you can be forgiven, but no, you can’t just get back to heaven so easily,” said Lorenz. “There are consequences Adonari, consequences.”
“We’ll I am sorry and I do want forgiveness.” As the words left Victor’s lips, he felt a change in his heart. The feeling overwhelmed him as tears choked up inside of him. They had to come out. He felt such a flood of forgiveness and love sweep over his soul like a fresh cool spring on a sunshiny day. He felt a peace that was beyond understanding; a joy that bubbled up in his soul as he thought back to his existence in heaven. His heart was broken and before this moment, he had felt abandoned, thrown away, and left for dead. In that moment the tears streamed on his face making streaks on his gray bloody face. The spirit of the Almighty whispered in his heart. 
“As long as there is life, there is hope, Adonari. I have been waiting for you with an everlasting love and I longed for this day more than you can imagine.”
For Victor, in that moment, everything disappeared; the cold cell, Cyril, Johnson, the guards, the mountain cave, his pain and agony. In that moment he became one again with The Almighty. He did not find God in that moment of forgiveness because God was never lost. What he found was himself; his true self. His spirit uttered groans that only the Almighty understood. Victor was still in his prison cell, but his heart was free. It was free to leap and soar up and above the clouds, past the terrestrial place called earth and far into heaven.
“Come let’s get out of here,” said Lorenz who looked at his friend who knelt on the prison cell floor. Victor’s countenance had changed although he still looked like a vampire. 
“Yes. I am ready,” said Victor. 
“All right, Victor Saul. No. Victor Paul. Yes. That is much better,” said Lorenz.
Lorenz lifted up his hands high above him and a terrible earthquake tremor shook the prison cell. Within seconds, the cell chamber cracked and the prison door broke open. Johnson did not stir and neither did Cyril.
Lorenz braced Victor in his wings and flew out of the cell far away from the mountain dungeon prison.  

3(4). Part 4: Chapters 13 to 18.

3(4)(a). The Realm - Chapter 13 - Vampirology 101. Were You Sleeping in Class?

Chapter 13 – Vampirology 101. Were You Sleeping in Class?

A Month Later - Dr. Colan’s Medical Complex - Downtown Aurora, MO - Moments after Victor’s Beating. 

“Adonari, Adonari,” said a voice. Victor recognized the voice. He was awake and conscious as he stood at the doorway of Dr. Colan’s Operating Room at the Medical Complex. 
He and his trauma team, dressed in full regalia, tried to revive Victor’s body that lay like a slab of cold steak on the operating table. 
“Prepare 15cc’s of epinephrine Ms. Smith, stat,” said Dr. Colan. 
“15cc’s?” said Dr. James. 
“Colan, are you trying to kill him?” 
Nurse Smith handed Dr. Colan the needle.
“James. For God’s sake. He is a vampire not a human. That may not even be enough. I’m not aware. Apparently I must have missed the Vampirology elective at Howard U. I’m glad you went. So tell me how much cc is enough?” said Dr. Colan.
Dr. James was silent. 
“Thought so,” said Dr. Colan as he injected the needle in Victor’s leg. 
Dr. Colan began chest compressions on Victor.
“Prepare the defib,” said Dr. Colan to Nurse Smith. She complied handing the defibrillator nodes to Dr. Colan.
Dr. Colan rubbed the nodes together and placed them on Victor’s lifeless body.
“Clear,” said Dr. Colan. 
From the door, Victor watched his body jolt in the air and flop back on the operating gurney. 
“No movement,” said Dr. James who eyed the monitor. 
Dr. Colan repositioned the nodes on Victor’s body.
“Clear,” he repeated.
The electric shock almost fried the nodes as a spark of electricity shimmered through Victor’s still body. 
Victor stood in awe watching them work on him. 
Who am I now, thought Victor? Lorenz appeared next to him. It was Lorenz whom Victor had heard calling his name. 
“Ah, it ceases to amaze me. Flesh is nothing in the sight of God. It is as fickle as a blade of grass,” said Lorenz. Victor turned to him. 
“You asked what you are. You are about to be glorified. Do you remember your glory Adonari? Do you?” said Lorenz. 
“I remember who I was and I remember the Day of the Fall,” said Victor. 
“What’s over there on that operating table is not you. Besides you had to die to be born again. Your redemption is almost complete but you are not glorified yet,” said Lorenz. 
They watched the doctors working feverishly. 
“Colan, it’s not working,” said Dr. James. 
“I’m aware of that Dr. James. I swear I didn’t know you were an expert in vampirology,” said Dr. Colan with gray blood all over his green scrubs. 
“No need to get testy Colan, I was just pointing out that I think he has flat lined but you and I know absolutely nothing about how the vampire’s body work,” said Dr. James.
“Look it’s over,” said Dr. James. “We can’t get him-”
“You mean ‘it’ not ‘him’,” said Dr. Colan.
“Yes, ‘it’ back,” said Dr. James.
Dr. Colan paused and put down the reviving electrodes. 
“Our cure is gone, gone,” said Dr. Colan as he walked away from the operating table and slowly drew off his surgical mark. 
“I’ll collect the blood,” said Dr.  James. 
“Sure, sure,” said Dr. Colan as he walked right through Victor and Lorenz standing at the door to the operating room. 
Victor watched as Dr. Colan’s exited through the operating room doors. He glimpsed his reflection in the shiny glass embedded in the door. He smiled. 
“There you are,” said Lorenz. “You are free, Adonari, free.” 
Adonari studied his reflection. He was no longer a cherubim, he was now a Seraphim with larger wings.
“We have a little job to do. Come let’s go,” said Lorenz. 
Lorenz darted through the walls and Adonari followed leaving his old life behind.
“Right, the children,” whispered Adonari to himself as they reached the foyer of the Medical Complex. 
“You get the folks on the outside and I’ll get the ones in the foyer,” said Lorenz. 
Adonari dashed to the courtyard and laid his hands on the children one at a time. As he touched them, the blueness disappeared and they were healed.
The children were elated. When he finished with the children, he glimpsed Mayor Trudeau and his fleet of officers comatose and sprawled out on the floor.
Adonari paused. He remembered how they beat him to a pulp while he was Vampire Victor. 
The police batons cracked every bone they came in contact with. He turned away from them. Lorenz was behind him. 
“You have to do it. Forgive these who trespass against you.”
“I don’t want to. They bruised me because they did not take the time to understand me,” said Adonari. 
“What did you expect? They saw you biting their kids,” said Lorenz. “They didn’t know.” 
“They didn’t wait,” said Adonari. 
‘They didn’t know,” said Lorenz. 
Adonari looked in Lorenz’s face them hung his head. 
“Adonari, you are different now. Remember.”
Adonari waited no longer. He walked over to the comatose Trudeau, laid his hand on his head and within seconds Trudeau’s natural pink color returned. 
Lorenz came over and laid hands on the battalion of officers. Adonari looked at Principal Benoit and walked over to her.  She was also comatose and completely blue. 
Adonari placed his hands on her head. She remained blue. 
He placed his hands on her heart and yet she laid still. 
“She’s dead,” said Lorenz who stood behind Adonari. 
“The virus had an extreme reaction in her body and accelerated her death.”
Adonari stood up as Dr. Colan and Dr. James rushed out to witness everyone getting up. 
“Let’s go. We have a meeting to attend at the Grand Canyon,” said Lorenz as he shot into the air. 
“Okay,” said Adonari as he took to flight with his new wings. 

3(4)(b). The Realm - Chapter 14 - Mungar’s Rebellion.

Chapter 14 – Mungar’s Rebellion.

Grand Canyon, Arizona. 

From seemingly everywhere, Holy Angels gathered in air zooming towards their meeting at the Grand Canyon. 
In what took only moments, The Holy Angels descended on the northern part of the top of the Grand Canyon. Lorenz led this band of Holy Angels.
 The sun began to set in the clear blue sky. 
There were One Hundred of them packed in a circle. Lorenz stood in the center. He addressed them as the Holy Spirit in the form of a dove descended in their midst. 
“Greetings, Holy Brethren. I call to order on this day an emergency meeting of Band 35. We thank the Almighty for his blessings and manifold favor,” said Lorenz. 
The Band members whispered amongst themselves. 
“Yes, yes. I’m sure you have recognized that there is a new one among us,” said Lorenz. They stared at Adonari. 
“Well, really he is not new. My Holy Brethren I reintroduce Adonari back to the fold. He is now Seraphim Adonari as you can see.”
 “Seraphim?” shouted Mungar the Cherubim. The Holy Angels looked at Mungar who elevated above the group.
Mungar hovered in mid-air as the Holy Angels erupted in clamoring and discord. 
“Brethren, Brethren. Order, please order,” said Lorenz. 
The dove flew away. The noise stopped as Mungar continued. 
“I am a Cherub. I am still a Cherub. I have kept in the fold for well over One Million Year as a Holy Angel. I am dedicated to The Almighty.  I do everything Our Most High demands, everything. Yet I am still a Cherubim. Adonari attempted to overthrow The Most High and was thrown out of Heaven to Earth where he roamed as a nasty vampire devouring the blood of all sorts of creatures great and small. Yet he is forgiven, restored and promoted to a-”
“Careful Mungar,” said Lorenz. 	
“Now I must show reverence to Adonari who has been elevated above-”
“Mungar,” said Lorenz.
“Me, above me? It is not-” 
“Mungar,” said Lorenz. “I order you to silence. I sanction you to silence at once,” said Lorenz.
Mungar turned off-bronze as he flew up in the air and darted out of sight. 
“I’m going after him,” said Adonari who hovered in mid-air.  “No, no. Let him go. He’s just upset. He’ll get over it,” said Lorenz. 
Adonari descended. The Holy Brethren greeted Adonari and welcomed him back to the fold. Lorenz continued. 
“As I was saying, welcome back Adonari. You have come at a crucial time in the impending millennial war that will rage on Earth. All Holy Angels that are assigned to Earth, face grave threats to their safety while here. We all take a calculated risk here because the Prince of Darkness is the ruler of the terrestrial air. Lucifer is mounting a tragic effort to bring all Holy Angels on Earth into his camp by first deceiving them and then infusing them with incantations that changes them into vampires. That is why we sought Adonari. We will use him and the knowledge he has of the Vampire World go after the vampires in his camp and convince them to give their heart back to The Almighty. We must try to get them back,” said Lorenz. 
“But nothing is guaranteed,” said one of the Holy Angels. 
“I know but-” 
Lorenz could not complete his sentence because Mungar had indeed returned but he looked different. He had fish scales all over his skin and his wings were gone but he could still fly. He had vampire fangs and a pale white color. He had no clothes yet for he had not fully transformed into a vampire. But what was mind blowing was the hordes of vampires numbering 10,000 that had descended on the Grand Canyon. 
“Mungar,” said Lorenz. 
“I am Vyper now not Mungar,” yelled Vyper. Band 35 was surrounded. 
All Holy Angels & Vampires flew into the air for a battle royale. Within moments One Hundred vampires attacked Adonari and he felt the strangest feeling he had never felt as a Holy Angel on Earth. 
His Angelic frame froze as his wings because numb. He fell to the ground with a thud. He was paralyzed but fully conscious. The Hundred vampires descended over him, bound his eyes and hoisted him in the air in a large net. 

3(4)(c). The Realm - Chapter 15 - Victor, We Missed You.

Chapter 15 – Victor, We Missed You.

They flew with him to a nearby cave that led from the Grand Canyons to below the surface of the earth. Adonari felt the breeze whipping his force as they descended further and further into the coolness of the earth. 
After a while he came to a stop. His body loosened enough so that they propped him on his knees.  
He felt a sulfur breath on his face. 
“Victor. That wasn’t very nice Victor. Did you not learn anything as a vampire?” said the voice. 
Adonari knew it was Lucifer. 
“I like your new wings Victor. I really do.” Lucifer’s breath moved to the front of his face.
“Enjoying your new promotion Victor?”  Adonari remained silent.
“Oh come come now Victor,” said Lucifer. 
“I am not Victor anymore. I am-” 
“I know who you are. After all we’ve had some good times, have we not?”
Adonari reminisced. Images of Heaven, Day of The Fall, Villagio’s, blood, blood and more blood flashed like a kaleidoscope through his mind. 
“Don’t you miss the blood Victor?” said Lucifer as if reading Victor’s thoughts. 
“Don’t you miss the way it melts in your mouth like liquid red chocolate.? It is so sweet to the taste. Oh, Victor, I know-” 
“I don’t. I don’t need that anymore.” 
“But I’m sure a little taste won’t hurt.” Adonari heard a young girl scream. He felt a flash of wetness on his face. He heard the girl scream again. No doubt she was the source of the blood that defiled his face. 
Adonari could not move his hands to wipe his face. 
Another splash hit his face and oozed down his golden cheeks. 
“Oh come on. We don’t have all night,” said Lucifer as he rubbed the blood all over Adonari face. 
But Adonari’s power was too strong and Lucifer pulled his hands away from the burn. 
“Ahhh,” said Lucifer with a deep guttural growl. “Curse you. You betrayed us.”
“I belong to The Almighty and actually so do you,” said Adonari. 
Lucifer motioned as if to lunge for Adonari but he remembered the burn. 
“Get him out of my sight,” said Lucifer. “Vander, Vyper, Valencia, carry him back to the surface and make haste.” Vander and the others grabbed the net that Adonari had been in and wrapped it around him. He felt the swift cool breeze hit his face as they ascended to the surface. 
Adonari spoke first in flight. 
“Vander?” 
“What do you want Victor?” 
“You know I am Adonari now. Call me by my name,” said Adonari.
“Look, you finally got back to the other side. I hope you’re happy now,” said Vander. 
“I know you are not happy. You only pretend,” said Adonari. 
“Well let me keep pretending,” said Vander as they reached the surface. 
They set him in the middle of the Grand Canyon with his blindfold intact. They left him alone. Adonari felt the power coming back to his being and whatever paralyzed him had worn off. He got up and took off his blindfold as Lorenz flew overhead with the others. 
Adonari flew in the air to meet up with Lorenz. 
“Are you okay?” said Lorenz. 
“Yeah,” said Adonari. 
“We were outnumbered but The Almighty sent bands 10 to 34 as reinforcement but Lucifer boys took you before we realized you were gone,” said Lorenz. 
“Yeah, I understand,” said Adonari.  
“I’m sure they tried to get you to come back to them,” Lorenz said. 
“They did but I wouldn’t budge. I ran into Vander, I mean Zorona, there,” said Adonari. 
“He is a tough nut to crack. I approached him on several occasions but he is stubborn,” said Lorenz. 
“Look, we’ve been relieved of our tour of duty. Band 35 must return home at once,” said Lorenz. 
“Okay,” said Adonari. The rest of Band 35 met them in the air en route to Heaven.
 
3(4)(d). The Realm -  Chapter 16 - Heaven At Last.

Chapter 16 – Heaven At Last.

After a while, they past the Milky Way outer bands en route to heaven located North-Northwest of the Milky Way galaxy. 
Adonari thought about Vander, the one who had been his best friend when he was in heaven and when he fell to earth. 
He remembered the times in heaven when they laughed and laughed while keeping each other’s company guarding heaven’s gate. He missed him. What would happen to Vander if no one helped him? 
“Adonari, you are scheduled to attend the throne room upon re-entry. We are almost there. I’m sure you remember,” said Lorenz. 
“I do,” said Adonari as Band 35 approached the Beryl Gate of heaven. The band landed in front of the gate. The members of Band 35 filed though the gate. Lorenz and Adonari were the last to approach the gate. 
Lorenz walked through the gate. The gate guards on duty nodded. 
Adonari stepped at the edge of entrance to the gate but stopped and did an about face. Lorenz looked behind him and saw Adonari heading away from the entrance of the gate.  
“What are you doing?” shouted Lorenz.
“I can’t do this,” said Adonari. 
“What are you talking about? You are forgiven. Don’t worry,” 
“No, not that,” said Adonari. “I have to go back for Zorona. I can’t abandon him. I can’t,” Adonari said. Lorenz came back to the gate which had now closed.  
“If you don’t come now, you may never get back in heaven. Besides you can’t fight them alone,” said Lorenz.
“I have to try. I know I can’t fight them alone but I have to try. I have to. He needs help,” said Adonari as he walked away from the gate entrance and flew into the air. He hovered as he continued. 
“Lorenz. I’m sorry. I have to go after him. ‘Greater love hath no man than that he would lay down his life for his friend.’ If men can show the greatest love to their friends and they are a little lower than us, how much greater should my love be?” 
Lorenz grimaced for he knew he couldn’t stop Adonari. 
“If My Lord will punish me for loving my friend greater than myself then I will accept that,” shouted Adonari as he shot higher in the air without waiting for a response.
He headed alone B-line for earth. He did not know where Vander was but he would have to find him somewhere, somehow. 
Adonari sped into the Milky Way outer-band. It took him less time to reach Earth with his larger wings. 
As he broke into the Earth’s gravitational pull, although gravity meant very little to Holy Angels, a peace swept over his mind and heart. He headed straight to the Grand Canyon where night fell, though Holy Angels had little use for the concept of night and day. 
He pitched in the last place Vander and the others had left him. He sat alone in the darkness of the Canyon with only a pale moon glowing about him. He had hoped that the vampires would find him again.  
There was nothing like a Holy Angel being all alone that was guaranteed to draw vampires hell bent on converting him back to the dark side. 
Not a creature stirred in the stillness of the Arizona night except a solitary white dove that pitched in front of him. 
An even greater peace flooded his heart. 
“Adonari,” said the dove. 
“My Lord,” said Adonari. 
“I see that you would risk giving up your sure salvation for a chance to help Zorona. 
“I would. You taught me that those who help those who cannot help themselves shall be blessed. Evil has blinded Zorona and I must do my part to help him.” 
“I am not upset with you for I know your heart and it is a heart after my own heart. After all, I created you.”  The dove flew into the air and hovered in front of Adonari. 
“You will need some help. Besides I want you to go to Angela as they call her. Talk to her. You will find Zorona in time. He will come to you.” Adonari nodded.
The dove pitched on Adonari’s massive shoulders and a deeper strength moved through his Angelic frame. 
He was spiritually supercharged. He glowed with a greater glory than ever before. He was in that instance anointed as an Apostle Holy Angel. He was now certified and tested to help win the lost vampire demon angels.
“Thank you, My Lord,” said Adonari. 
“You are welcome,” said the dove as it flew away out of site.  These words resonated in his heart as plain as day. ‘My grace is sufficient for you for my strength is made perfect in weakness.’ 
Adonari took off to find Angela. 

3(4)(e). The Realm - Chapter 17 - Love Conquers All.

Chapter 17 – Love Conquers All.

Aurora, MO - Villagio’s Vampire Delights.

Adonari reached Villagio’s in record time just as Angela was leaving work.  
She exited the verandah of the quaint vampire restaurant and flew into the air. Adonari met her mid-air outside the restaurant. They hovered. 
“Alert, alert, help-” Adonari grabbed her mouth. 
“Shh, don’t talk. It’s me Victor,” said Adonari. Angela paused. 
He looked in her eyes. 
“Victor? What happen to you? I haven’t heard from you since the night Vampirol arrested you and I heard you escaped from the lockup.” 
They descended to the ground. 
“I know, I know. It’s a lot to explain. Well, first of all you can see I am no longer a vampire.” Her mouth gaped open.  
“But, but-”
“Lorenz came to me and showed me that I could be redeemed. Frankly Angela I was tired of the life. I wasn’t living; I was surviving from one miserable feeding to the next. I became weary and knew I had to get out if given the opportunity. The Almighty sent me for you. 
“Really?” 
“I didn’t know you in Heaven. What was your name?” he said. 
“I was called Cyrenee.” 
“Look, you will be forgiven if you ask,” he said. She embraced him without his glory burning her demonic body. 
As they continued to talk, a group of vampires came out of Villagio’s so stuffed from feeding that they could hardly walk.
Two of them dropped the Red Stripe beers in their hands when they saw Adonari. 
“Alert Angels from above,” they said. “Alert,” they cried as Adonari noticed them.
“Uh oh. I think I’m going to have trouble,” said Adonari as all vampires that were dining in Villagio’s flew out and headed straight for Adonari. 
They attacked him in all directions. But they were no match for him. 
Angela threw herself in the way as if he needed help. 
The vampires drew their daggers and in lunging for Adonari hurled repeated stabs in Angela’s stomach heart and legs. Gray blood spurted everywhere as Adonari held on to her in mid-air to prevent her from falling.  
With Angela in his bosom, he took off for the mountains nearby. The vampires pursued in venomous tempests. Adonari outmaneuvered them with Angela firmly in his bosom. He dipped below the canopy of the tall trees on the mountain. The pursuing demons flew above Adonari and Angela not realizing where they had disappeared to.
He gently pitched on the ground among the foliage of leaves. 
The moon did not appear all that pale again as if it had an instant reversal of fortunes. 
Adonari sat on the ground holding Angela head in his lap. She was indeed ugly to the sight. Her fangs glistened in the moonlight as she clung to her vampire life. 
“Cyrenee can you hear me,”
“Yes,” she said faintly. Her grey blood splattered on Adonari but he didn’t care. 
He gently bent down and kissed her lips and again she did not burn. 
It was a kiss as gentle as the love of God that beckons us to a better life. 
He kissed her like Solomon kissed his beloved among the lilies and gardens and orchards blossoming with pomegranates and dates. 
He kissed her into that good night. She would be better. She would be redeemed and covered under The Almighty’s shadow and indeed with Adonari rocking her in his strong arms and wings, she was well on her way. 
He broke the silence.  
“Do you believe and do you want to be forgiven?” 
“Yes,” she managed to whisper. “Lord, I am sorry,” she continued. “I ask you to forgive me.” She heaved a few breaths to continue. “For all my, my, my-” 
She dropped her head as her spirit left her body. 
Adonari’s tears dropped in her eyes thou Angels had no need to cry. It was over. 
Did it work? Adonari thought as he gently laid Angela’s body down from his lap and looked up to heaven. He didn’t hear nor see her glorified body. Where was Cyrenee? He thought as he continued to stare into heaven searching for an answer. 
He was sure The Almighty would not have sent him to Angela for this. He bent down and looked in her comatose eyes searching for an answer. He found none. 
Adonari reached out to touch her again. “Don’t touch Angela,” said a voice behind him. Adonari turned around. 
“You are too glorified to touch the dead. Besides, Angela is no more,” said Cyrenee as she grinned at Adonari. She was splendid to look at and she too was now a Seraphim with larger wings. Adonari stood up as Cyrenee ran to him. They embraced for what seemed an eternity. He drew back. 
“You look beautiful,” he said.
“I know,” she said with a grin. 
“You know we have a job to do. Right?” said Adonari. 
“I know. We have to help Vander,” said Cyrenee. The chasing vampires were nowhere in sight. 
“There is a place in the Grand Canyon where I think he is unless they are gone now. As a vampire I never journeyed there before. I didn’t even know about it, but they blinded me when they ambushed Band 35 and took me there,” said Adonari. 
“I know where it is. Vander took me there one time,” said Cyrenee. 
“Oh really?”
“No, nothing like that. It was when you were off on one of your vampire adventures in the Seychelles or someplace like that,” said Cyrenee. Adonari smiled. 
“Ok, ok. No time for jealousy,” he said with a smile. 
“Follow me,” said Cyrenee. Adonari complied. They shot to a high altitude like the Concord. 
“There are three ways to the network. The first is through Vampirol’s headquarters, second through the Grand Canyon, and third through Manhattan. The #4 line subway tunnel at Wall Street station is the entry point. 
“Vander will most likely be at that stop hanging out,” said Cyrenee. It was about 3 am. Three hours ‘til the break of dawn. They didn’t have much time. 
“Watch out for vampires in the subway,” said Cyrenee. “Manhattan’s got lots of them,” she said. 

3(4)(f). The Realm - Chapter 18 - Zorona Where Art Thou?

Chapter 18 – Zorona Where Art Thou?

They descended into the glowing lights of the city that never sleeps and pitched on the boardwalk on the Brooklyn Bridge. 
“Where to now?” said Adonari. 
“It is best if we fly to the Borough Hall Station in Brooklyn and take the #4 or #5 train heading for the Wall Street Station,” she said. “Follow me.” Adonari complied as they took flight.
They landed at the Borough Hall Station. 
“We won’t get anything accomplished looking like this,” said Adonari. 
“True.” 
Adonari lifted up his hands and instantly transformed into a Wall Street executive with a dark-blue suit, Gucci tie and an Aston leather briefcase along with a pair of sleek squared eyeglasses. His auburn hair was combed to the side in one groove. 
“Nice touch,” said Cyrenee. “You look quite handsome indeed. Well, every executive has got to have a hot babe by his side. Right?” she said as she raised her hands and turned into an elegant J-Lo type beauty. She wore a designer business dress suit and matching earrings. 
“I think your shoes are off,” said Adonari. 
“Really?” she said looking at her feet. 
“Just kidding. You look great,” he said as she flashed a winning smile showing her pretty rows of teeth. 
“Mmmm,” she said as she rubbed her tongue across her upper row of teeth. “Much nicer than fangs.” 
They darted down the steps of the Borough Hall Station. She wobbled in her Jessica Simpson stilettos as he clutched his briefcase. They swiped their metro cards and passed through the turnstile. 
It was now 3:45 AM and not a soul was in the station except a vagabond. He stood on the platform near a column trying to catch a fly that didn’t exist. He wasn’t doing a very good job of it. 
A train flew past on the opposite tracks heading deeper into Brooklyn. That train was virtually empty. 
Within moments, their train arrived flying past where they stood on the platform.  It screeched to a halt. The doors opened and Adonari and Cyrenee stepped inside. 
The train car was empty except for a young girl in a flowery Victorian dress who sat by herself at the far end of the car eating a lollipop. 
She didn’t even smile. She sang a song to herself as they walked inside. They could hardly hear her. 
“London bridge is falling down, falling down, falling down. London Bridge is falling down-” 
She stopped as the train doors closed and pulled out of the station. 
Adonari and Cyrenee sat down. 
The little girl’s voice vanished and in a loud deep dark demonic tone the girl finished her song.
“My fair lady.” The little girl launched her vampire fangs towards Cyrenee’s neck. Cyrenee brushed the little girl off. When Cyrenee touched her, the vampire darling felt a burn and withdrew. 
Before the vampire could mount another challenge, Adonari picked her up and slammed her against the train window. 
The train’s underground disco lights flashed ferociously as the train headed deeper under the river channel. The fight reached a fever pitch as the train reached the Bowling Green Station in Manhattan. When the doors opened, the vampire girl flew out of the doors in search of gentler victims. 
“Are you okay?” said Adonari brushing his suit of the vampire venom. 
“Yes. I’m okay,” Cyrenee said. “I’m sure more are on the late night train in search of free meals,” said Cyrenee. 
The train door opened and picked up no one or so they thought. As the train doors closed and slowly pulled away from Bowling Green, the train’s lights flickered again. Three men in long black cloaks walked in between the train cars into Adonari’s car. 
They walked towards Adonari and Cyrenee who were seated. Adonari glimpsed in between the flashing light that it was Vander and two vampires named Volen and Eduardo. 
He indeed had found Vander as The Almighty had promised. Adonari and Cyrenee looked at each other then at Vander. Their vampire fangs were hidden. 
They stood in front of Adonari and Cyrenee. 
“Good evening,” said Vander to them with a shout. The business people nodded. Adonari clutched his briefcase close to his waist as Cyrenee held Adonari arm. 
“You know it’s not too safe for decent folks like you to be on this lonely train at Four Thirty in the morning,” continued Vander in a shout. 
“We got stuck at an event trying to get home,” shouted Cyrenee. 
Eduardo reached out and stroked Cyrenee’s hair. He felt a burn and drew back his hand. 
The train pulled into Wall Street Station and came to a stop and the doors opened. Vander and his friend jumped back.
Adonari and Cyrenee jumped up. 
“This is our stop,” she said to them as she and Adonari put up their hands and transformed into their Angelic frames. 
“Victor,” shouted Vander. 
“I’ve come for you,” said Adonari.
Vander and his friends darted out of the train doors.
“Come on,” said Adonari. He grabbed Cyrenee’s hand and flew through the train doors before they closed. 
They stood in The Wall Street Station. It was eerily empty with only a newspaper Vendor in a small booth near the exit. 
“Where did he go?” said Cyrenee. 
“Not sure. Perhaps to get reinforcement,” he said as he glanced around the station.
Vander flew into the empty tunnel towards a door that led to Lucifer’s underground kingdom. 
“This way,” said Cyrenee as she flew up in the air and headed for the same tunnel. Adonari followed her closely. 
Vander’s friends had left him. He pitched in the tunnel in the column space between the Northbound and Southbound tracks. 
Adonari & Cyrenee who flew in the tunnel, stayed at the top as a train zoomed below them. Cyrenee pitched in front of Vander. Adonari pitched behind her. Vander and Adonari walked towards her. They met where she was in the middle. 
“What do you want Victor? Oh sorry, Adonari,” said Vander as he stared at the strange Angel next to Adonari. 
“Didn’t you make up your mind and go your way?” said Vander. 
“I did. I was on my way to heaven but I couldn’t leave you behind,” said Vander.
“I told you I am happy. Can’t you see?”  
Trains running in opposite directions flew past them sandwiching them in the center. 
“I can, see Zorona not Vander,” said Adonari. Cyrenee ran and hugged Vander and he did not feel a burn. 
“Who is this?” said Vander.
“It’s Angela, Zorona, Angela. She has been redeemed too,” said Adonari. Another train blew past them. 
Vander hugged her back. 
“We need to talk but not here,” said Vander. 
Let’s get out of here,” he said and Adonari and Cyrenee followed him. 
Vander, Cyrenee and Adonari flew through the tunnel and onto the Wall Street Station platform.  They walked towards the exit.
 It was a good thing the station was virtually empty. Dawn was near. 
Adonari and Cyrenee put their hands in the air and transformed into a lovely Chinese couple as they walked out of the station.
“Follow me,” said Vander. They followed him past Armand’s Deli’s to a small alley off West Wall Street. When they reached Vander began. 
“Look-” 
“Vander, wait. We can’t stay here. You’re going to have to give up your body of sin if you want to be redeemed,” said Adonari.  
“You’re kidding right?” said Vander looking into Cyrenee’s eyes for confront. 
“It’s true, we all had to die too,” said Cyrenee. Vander hung his head. 
Adonari and Cyrenee put up their hands and transformed back to angels. A vagabond wandered into the alley where they were.
Adonari and the clan watched him. He dragged his feet along and stumbled over his torn and tattered white Nike’s shoelaces although the Nike swish symbol was no longer visible. It had worn away from the long line of vagabonds who previously occupied them. 
He clutched the now empty flask rum bottle as he finally made his way back on his feet.  
“Ahh,” he said as he looked at the empty bottle. He threw it away. 
Cyrenee looked at Adonari. 
“I know. That was the bum in the Borough Hall Station who tried to catch flies,” said Adonari. 
“Is he yours or ours,” said Adonari looking at Vander. 
“I’m sure we will find out,” said Adonari. 
The vagabond came closer. 
“Bringing in the sheaves, bringing in the sheaves,” sang the vagabond. He hiccupped and belched louder than the clamor of the city’s morning. 
“We will come rejoicing bringing-” 
The vagabond stopped as he past Vander in the corner. He turned and stared at Vander. 
The vagabond stunk to high heavens. As if pulled out by a magnet, Vander glided to halt before the shabby street dweller. Vander looked into the vagabond’s eyes but couldn’t see a color at all; not black, not white, not anything. 
A strong wind blew through the alley rooting up the tattered newspaper on the floor. A newspaper sheet flew up and stuck to the burn’s face. 
Adonari and Cyrenee stood still the as the vagabond gently brushed the newspaper from his face revealing the bluest eyes ever seen by angels or vampires. 
Adonari and Cyrenee knelt in the place where they stood and lowered their heads for they could not directly look at the Glory of God. 
They bowed prostrate and Vander lowered his head and wept in the presence of The Almighty. He sobbed at the vagabond’s feet even though the sneakers still stunk. 
As his tears touched the Lord’s feet, a glow crawled from the vagabond’s feet up the vagabond’s leg. 
The bum’s clothes had not changed. 
“I am sorry Lord,” whispered Vander. The vagabond placed his hands on Vander’s head and Vander collapsed. The light of dawn seemed to jump from the bum to the skyline as the sun poked its head above the New York Horizon. 
Vander the vampire was dead. Adonari and Cyrenee did not hear a sound as the wind had died. 
They looked up as Zorona stood next to his former earth suit. Zorona had larger Tea Rose-colored Archangel wings. Cyrenee ran over to him and hugged him. 
The bum, having lost his shine, continued down the alley singing to himself and stumbling as before. The sun came up and the trio knew it was time to go. The journey back to Heaven had indeed been far but the hardest part was over.
3(5). Part 5: Chapters 19 to 23.

3(5)(a). The Realm - Chapter 19 – Light at Dawn.

Chapter 19 – Light at Dawn.

  In the light of the new morning, Adonari, Cyrenee and Zorona flew into the New York City skyline on their way to the upper atmosphere and eventually to Heaven. At last they were free. 
The newer larger wings helped to elevate them on the wind as they shot through the high skies. 
As they broke the Earth’s atmosphere and its sound barrier, Lorenz joined them. 
“Glad to see you,” said Lorenz looking at Zorona. “And you too Cyrenee.” 
“Thanks,” said Cyrenee. 
It took them no time to bypass the Earth’s gravitational pull and past the Earth’s moon. 
As they shot through the Milky Way outer bands they noticed from behind, a huge falling star that had formed part of the Little Dipper Constellation. 
The star closest to Polaris (The North Star) in the Little Dipper Constellation fell rapidly from the sky. 
“Uh oh,” said Lorenz.
“What?” said Adonari. 
“There’s trouble in the celestial outer bands. We better hurry,” said Lorenz as he picked up his speed.
“What’s the real trouble?” said Cyrenee. 
“I’ll explain when we get there,” said Lorenz. As they zoomed past the outer bands of the Milky Way, another star fell from the Little Dipper Constellation. It was the third star from Polaris in the handle of the Little Dipper. 
They looked back in awe. 
“We really need to hurry,” said Lorenz. 
Before long, they arrived within the vicinity of Heaven’s Beryl Gate. Holy Angels from various destinations were pouring into the gate. So the gate guards simply left it open as the angels filed in. 
Adonari and his crew pitched in front of the Beryl Gate and filed in. 
Heaven was as they had left it except it was short of the one-third of the angels that fell from Heaven with Lucifer on the Day of The Fall and who were now on Earth as vampire demons.
As the flock of Holy Angels walked to the outer courts of Heaven, Archangel Gabriel descended in their midst. As he reduced his size, the angels present bowed on one knee. Gabriel levitated in position above them. As he began to speak they stood up.
“Greetings my brethren, especially the recent returnee’s from Earth. The Almighty sends a message from the throne room. There is trouble in the outer bands of the Milky Way Galaxy.
“Oh I missed this so much,” whispered Adonari to Cyrenee who stood next to him. 
“I know me too. I really missed this,” she whispered back. 
Gabriel continued his announcement. The Almighty calls a mandatory meeting of The Heavenly Hosts to be held momentarily on the outskirts of the Throne Room.  Archangel Michael shall officiate.”
“You know what that means,” said Zorona to the crew. 
“Yep,” said Adonari. “War, extraterrestrial war.” 
“You guessed it,” said Zorona.
“That’s what I had wanted to explain,” chimed in Lorenz.
“That’s the reason-” 
“Yep. We get it now; the whole Little Dipper falling star thing,” said Cyrenee. 
“Yes it is,” said Lorenz. 
“Thank you,” said Gabriel and he departed from their midst. However, before he was out of sight, he flew back in their midst. They again bowed on one knee then rose.
“Zorona, come with me,” said Gabriel. Zorona smiled. 
“Oh, give a guy a little salvation and suddenly he’s a big shot,” teased Adonari. 
“Don't listen to him,” said Cyrenee. “He's just jealous.” 
“I'm just teasing,” said Adonari as he patted Zorona on the back with his right wing. “I am happy for you Zee,” he said. 
“Come hurry,” said Gabriel. Zorona fanned his wings apart and shot into the air behind Gabriel who had already ascended. 

3(5)(b). The Realm - Chapter 20 - Pre-Day of the Fall Celebration.

Chapter 20 – Pre-Day of the Fall Celebration.

Outskirts of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Lucifer's vampires were gathered for a Pre-Day of the Fall Celebration meeting. 
In the dunes of the Nevada terrain near the Sin City, vampires numbering 2,000,000 strong stretched for miles before Lucifer’s traveling throne constructed on a makeshift platform. This was built just for the meeting.
Lucifer was seated on his throne. Lucifer’s Dark Council sat on lower tier platform below him. 
The vampires chatted away. The meeting had not started. 
Lucifer raised his serpent staff high in the air and a lightning bolt leapt from the head of the serpent into the atmosphere.  As a thunderous role developed louder and louder, the vampire’s quieted. This was the signal that the meeting had begun. 
The vampires quieted and fell to their knees as Lucifer stood up to give his annual Throne Speech. 
“My most venomous masses,” said Lucifer. He did not need a microphone. “Tonight is a Pre-Celebration of a milestone achievement in the 8,050th year since the momentous Day of The Fall.” 
The vampires cheered thunderously gnashing their teeth to such a fevered pitch it almost drowned his powerful voice. 
He paused for the cheers to die down and raised his hands to quiet them. 
“Tomorrow, we will celebrate the 8,050th year, with a special revelation of the new development.” 
The masses of bloodsuckers burst into cheers again. Lucifer paused then continued as the audience quieted. 
“This development will usher in a new era for our masses. We have been working on it for some time now and it will be unveiled tomorrow night after the Carnival portion of our Day of the Fall Celebration in Las Vegas.” 
“Sin City, Sin City, Sin City…” cheered the masses in a continuous unified chant as others hooped and hollered. Lucifer nodded in tacit approval. 
He raised his hands and the masses quieted. 
“For our Pre-Celebration festivities in Las Vegas, I hear the little terrestrials are extra sedated an extra titillated looking for a good time,” said Lucifer. “So show them. Enjoy all that Las Vegas has to offer.”  
The masses cheered the more. Arch-demon Vanulon walked up to Lucifer and whispered in his ear. Lucifer paused to listen and nodded his head whilst Vanulon continued to whisper.
Arch-demon Vanulon then walked back to his position on the second platform among the Dark Council. 
“I understand that Villagio’s Vampire Delights Restaurant is catering tonight’s Pre-Celebration meeting. They have provided 100,000 terrestrials bound in the overflow area beyond the tents ready for your feasting pleasure. Don't take it easy on them since I understand they are not to be spared tonight. Have your way with them,” said Lucifer as he grinned and sat down to the deafening cheers. Lucifer’s Throne Speech clocked in at a record Twenty-Two minutes.
The mass of vampires filed over beyond the tent to feast on the goodies. 

3(5)(c). The Realm - Chapter 21 - Resurgence of Evil?

Chapter 21 – Resurgence of Evil?

Heaven.

Archangel Michael gathered the holy angels for the planned meeting. The Almighty’s omnipresence was evident on the outskirts of the Throne Room. 
The Heavenly Hosts gathered in the fields outside the Throne Room and they numbered many. Archangel Michael descended in their midst and hovered above them.
Although he faced one direction, all the angels gathered around him saw his face as if he existed in 360 degrees panoramic view. 
Michael not only had tea rose wings, he had a yellow stripe across his breast for he was the leading angel of war. It was Michael who fought valiantly when Lucifer and the traitors first attempted to overthrow The Almighty long ago and were thrown out of heaven. 
“Greetings my brethren. I am sure you all have witnessed several giant stars fall from the Little Dipper Constellation, the Ursa Minor. Although as you know it is common for all stars to fall through the universe at a scheduled appointed time, the falling of these two was an anomaly. They were not scheduled to fall anytime in this GROPAR era but the next era some ten billion jopas (years) away. Their falling was not an accident but was Lucifer’s handiwork.” 
The angels listened in silence. The Archangel continued.
“The Fallen One as we speak has embarked on a plan to attempt another takeover of the Kingdom of Heaven. You may be wondering how this could be since Lucifer and his vampires have taken on human flesh. The answer to their ability to travel back to Heaven rests with the Tree of Life that exists in the Garden of Eden. Bhatsi, Tumi, Vusi and the other Cherubims whom were guarding the entrance to the East of the Garden of Eden have defected to Lucifer and thus the gateway to Eden has been breached. As I understand it, Lucifer and his Dark Council along with the one they call The Vampire’s Apostle, have decoded the mysteries revealed by the Tree of Life in the Garden of Eden and have now developed an incantation which allows them to mimic our holy angelic structure. Some of them have just traveled to The Little Dipper Constellation and it is their mischief that has caused the stars to fall prematurely. We believe they will not stop there. Unless they are thwarted, Lucifer and his hordes will be able to re-launch from Eden and this time travel to Heaven and breach our gates.” 
“Imagine that,” whispered Adonari to Cyrenee. “I knew there was a reason.” 
“They have to be stopped,” said Cyrenee. Michael wrapped up the meeting.
“The Holy Angels must be prepared for a showdown of great portions. Are there any questions?” said Michael. 
Before anyone could raise their hands, the North Star called Polaris fell fast from the sky.
“Whoa,” shouted the Holy Angels. 
“That is precisely my point,” said Michael. “Any questions?” 
A Holy Angel shouted, “Exactly what is the plan? Obviously we have to do something.” 
“I am aware of that,” said Michael. “Our mission is still being formulated. The Almighty plans on the absolute and final annihilation of the vampires and Lucifer himself.” 
While Michael hovered in mid-air, Archangel Gabriel flew to him and whispered in his ear. Michael nodded. 
“My brethren, I must leave for an emergency meeting in the Throne Room.” Gabriel took off followed by Michael. 
“I have an idea. Follow me,” said Adonari to Zorona and Cyrenee. 
Adonari took off after Michael and Gabriel with Zorona and Cyrenee following closely. The rest of the Holy Angels remained on the ground. 
Adonari caught up to Michael. 
“My brother,” said Adonari as Cyrenee and Zorona caught up to Adonari. “I have an idea that I think will work.” 
“I think we are okay,” said Michael to him. 
“No. Really. I thought about the problem and there is one way to solve it,” insisted Adonari.
“Michael and Gabriel descended outside the Throne Room and walked up to the East gate entrance. The Angelic Beast called Love guarded the East gate. 
Adonari, Cyrenee, and Zorona pitched on the ground as well. 
Michael was about to dismiss Adonari and walk inside the East entrance but Gabriel paused.
“Wait,” said Gabriel. “Let him in. The Almighty might want to hear this.” 
“Very well,” said Michael. “Lest it be said that I stood in the way of a Holy Angel and his Lord. Very well.”
Adonari felt somewhat of a coldness from Michael which was somewhat expected. Michael did not smile with anyone. He was always a serious as his portfolio of war. 
“Come on,” said Michael to them. The Beast called Love acknowledged Michael and Gabriel and let them pass. Adonari, Cyrenee and Zorona walked in behind them. 

3(5)(d). The Realm - Chapter 22 - Siton.

Chapter 22 – Siton.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Las Vegas lights were blinding even above on the roof of the Grand Circus Hotel and Gaming Lounge. The vampires had left the pre-meeting and settled into the busy Las Vegas night.
A vampire stood at the edge of the hotel roof as he scanned the Las Vegas night scene. He smiled. 
“Glad to see you have time to frolic Siton,” said a voice behind him. Siton turned around. Lucifer stood folding his arms. 
“Hey Pop, a vampire’s got to have some fun too?”
“Do you realize that we are on the brink of a re-assault on the celestial fools that bow to that idiot Jesus. Do you?” 
“Of course I do. Remember, I am the reason we got as far as the Ursa Minor stars. And I am the reason that Polaris has fallen.” Siton turned his back to his father and stared into the deepness of the dark Vegas night.
“That should scare them up there,” said Siton confidently. 
Lucifer walked back towards the entrance to the glass walled penthouse on the roof’s corner. Siton levitated from the ledge and pitched in the middle of the roof. He followed Lucifer. 
“Scare? Don’t misunderstand son, I am proud of you. We have gone far. But they are not exactly going to play dead and let us waltz into Heaven and take over now are they?”
“Pop. Remember I am-” 
Lucifer cut him off.
“Siton, I wish you would take this more seriously. I do not call you The Vampire Apostle for nothing. Their apostle’s set up churches and tents and howling sessions and hallelujah crap. You, you set up Dominions and Darkness in high-”
“But, au contraire, father. I do remember. But a boy’s got to have some fun and tonight is the night,” said Siton. 
“Are you forgetting that tomorrow night at the Day of the Fall Celebration you will be demonstrating the final Operation to get us to the heavenly realm? You should study your incantations. Only you know them,” said Lucifer. 
“Pop, I'm out. Time to have some fun,” said Siton as he looked at the night’s moonlight reflection of his face in the glass walled penthouse.
“Siton, I need you here tonight,” said Lucifer. Siton levitated in front of Lucifer. 
“Pop, later.”
“Where are you going by yourself?” said Lucifer.
“Out,” said Siton.
“Take two guards with you,” said Lucifer.
“I'm fine. Really. I'll be –
“Listen,” said Lucifer. “I'm summoning Vendar and Axel to go with you.”
“Don't bother,” said Siton as he flew higher into the air. Lucifer retreated from his demand and walked into the penthouse. His Dark Council was already inside awaiting his instructions. Siton zipped into the air and headed above the Las Vegas strip for the shortest building in the area.
As he reached the building, he pivoted and zoomed on the roof of Club Expectations, the hottest nightclub in Las Vegas. He pitched on its roof and slipped through the roof’s metal door. He loved the perks of a vampire’s life like never having to pay a cover charge. The night was young and would be all his.
As he danced his way through the club, he felt someone hug him from behind. After a sudden panic, he turned around to look. He laid eyes on the most beautiful black young woman he had ever seen. Her eyes sparkled like the glow of 1 billion full moons. 
He looked at her with a puzzled expression in the glow of the faint club lights. 
Her initial smile turned into embarrassment. She leaned into him. 
“Sorry, I thought you were someone else,” she shouted in his ear over the noise of Michael Jackson's Club Remix. Finally some fresh meat, he thought as he smiled and grabbed her by the waist. He shouted in her ear.
“Let's get out of the noise,” Siton said. She nodded in agreement and he took her by the hand over to the bar. It was a little quieter by the bar that was separated from the main dancing floor. Sweat droplets glistened on her face. They sat down next to each other. 
As he smiled she looked at his vampire fangs. 
“Wow nice teeth. You really take this Mardi Gras Carnival thing seriously,” she said. “You really actually look like a vampire.” 
He laughed flashing his pearly fangs even more. 
“I try,” said Siton. “What are you drinking?”
“I'm a nice girl,” said the woman. 
“Yeah right. Somehow I don't see church girl written all over you. What are you doing in the club then?” said Siton.
“I'm waiting for my girlfriend. She is downstairs. I hope she hasn’t runoff with anyone. She's always doing that.” The bartender walked over to them
“I'll have a Red Stripe Beer,” said Siton. 
“We ran out of Red Stripe,” said the bartender oblivious to Siton's fangs. Then again this was Las Vegas at Mardi Gras time. Just like the USA Network all characters were welcome.
“Okay. I'll have a Heineken and give me a Rum and Coke for the lady,” said Siton. 
“Oh no, no,” she said. The bartender stood waiting.
“Oh, come on,” said Siton to her.
“Bring it anyway,” said Siton to the bartender who nodded and walked away.
“You are a persistent one, aren't you?” said the woman. “What are you trying to get me drunk and have your way with me?” 
Siton smiled flashing his fangs.
“I hope so,” he said with a giggle. She laughed. 
“No one can accuse you of being shy,” she said with a laugh. “So, I'm here talking to such a nice guy and I don't even know your name.”
“Nice? Who says I'm nice?” said Siton. 
She looked a bit puzzled, kind of like the look you gave someone on a blind date through craigslist. 
He smiled.
“You're a kidder, huh?” said the woman lightly slapping Siton on his thigh as she flashed a smile.
The bartender brought his beer and the Rum and Coke. Siton paid for the drinks and took them up. He offered her the Rum and Coke. She smiled but refused.
“As I was saying, I can't take a drink from you. I don't even know your name. I mean you could try to drug me or-”
“It's Jeffrey. Jeffrey Satire.”
“No. You're kidding. Satire? For real? That must have been hell in school,” said the woman laughing.
“Look, let’s go on the roof. I need some air,” said Siton.
“Sure why not. As long as you're not some crazy guy who will throw me off,” she said.
Siton picked up the drinks and they walked back through the dance floor to the roof’s door where he had entered. 
She followed him. As they stepped outside, the coolness of the Las Vegas night blew across their faces. 
“Whew,” she said as she folded her arms around herself in a slight shiver. “Wow it's colder than I thought.” 
“Rum and Coke to warm you up?” said Siton extending the drink towards her with a sheepish grin.
“Oh all right,” she said. As she took the drink, Siton quickly dropped and ecstasy pill from between his fingers right above the glass of Rum and Coke. She didn't notice.
“Thank you,” she said as she accepted the glass. They walked to the edge of the roof.
“So really? Satire, huh?” said the woman.
“Well, you now know my awful. What's yours?” said Siton.
“I'm Anne-Marie, Anne-Marie Gordon,” she said with a smile. She took a big sip of her drink. Siton watched her take a swallow.
“So Jeffrey, what brings you to Las Vegas? Let me guess you are a billionaire and this is the only way you know how to have a good time, right?”
“Well, actually I am the son of very important person. He is quite influential all over the world and-”
“Oh my God, Bill Gates? Bill Gates is your father? I knew that Satire last name was a fake,” she smiled.
“No, no. Not at all,” said Siton.
Before Anne-Marie could respond, someone fired a gunshot out of the club shattering the glass. They ducked spilling their drinks all over themselves.
“Listen. There is a fire escape on the back right behind you,” said Siton nodding his head to the ledge. Another shot fired breaking another glass on the roof. A stampede of club goers burst through the roof’s exit door.
Siton grabbed Anne-Marie with one hand and jumped over the balcony. 

3(5)(e). The Realm - Chapter 23 - Let’s Get It On.

Chapter 23 – Let’s Get It On.

Siton grabbed the fire escape with the other hand and slid down with Ann-Marie in his arm. She stared at him. 
As they reached the landing another shot fired into the alley where they were behind the club. They ducked and stooped behind the large green smelly dumpster.
“Let's get out of here,” said Siton as he stood to his feet.
“Hold on Mister,” said Anne-Marie looking at her broken heel.
Somebody's obviously trying to kill you or something and I'm supposed to just come with you? Are you crazy?” she said looking around for where she could make her exit.
“No, no. I'm not sure what this is about,” said Siton with a doubtful look on his face.
“I get it. When you said your dad was big, I guess it was the Mafia you were talking,” she said. The shooting stopped. She sat with her back against the dumpster. 
“These kinds of things always happen to me. I just can't find a good man as hard as I try whether white, black, yellow, green, or blue,” said Annemarie. Her hair was far from the perfectly in place weave she had earlier. Their faces were drenched with sweat. 
“No. My dad is not in the Mafia and he's not a gambler although he is in the business of winning things to which you cannot set a price,” said Siton.
“I swear your creepiness turns me on in a freaky strange tantalizingly dangerous sort of way,” she said. They laughed as she calmed down.
“Look there’s a little guest motel nearby. Let's get out of here,” said Siton. “What you say?” He looked in her eyes and that was enough. She was up for anything. 
He took her hand and slowly walked out of the alley as she hobbled on the one good high-heel. She gave up and took off her other high heel. 
Within moments they crossed the street to a small motel called Shangri-La. 
“The Shangri-La? Boy you are a big spender,” said Anne-Marie. They walked up to the entrance.
“If I took you to the exclusive executive hotels, it would be too conspicuous. Got it?” said Siton as he paid the $10 for a two hour stay. He didn't even get a key. 
The downstairs front desk clerk, a young girl, just told him to pick a room and close it behind him when he leaves. Anne-Marie followed him in a tipsy stupor to a room on the second floor with an open door. The room didn't have a number on it. 
He knew the ecstasy should have kicked in by now. Anne-Marie sat on the side of the bed. 
“I want to tell you now. I really am a good girl. This is not a wham-bam-thank you-Ho kind of thing. Really I-”
Siton kissed her. His mouth felt funny because the fangs wouldn't budge. Every time she stuck her tongue in his mouth, the sharp edges of his fangs slightly poked her. Funny, his fake fangs should have fallen out by now.
She pulled him closer. Siton wasted no time stripping her shirt then her brassiere revealing the supplest caramel colored breast he had ever seen.
“Listen, I'm okay with fooling around, but I just met you. I'm not ready for sex yet,” she said.
Siton had already buried his head into the sloped curvature of her caramel neck. 
“I promise. I'll be gentle,” said Siton now holding her firmly by the waist. 
“No. Please. Don't,” she pleaded. Siton ignored her pleas and pushed her on the old bed almost breaking it.
He dropped on top of her and now she screamed. 
He muffled her scream with his right hand as he zipped down his pants with his left. She continued to scream but these went no further than the small spaces in between his hands.
Her eyes bulged in frustration as Siton placed his fangs on the side of her neck. 
A white man broke open the door and jammed a needle full of battery acid solution right into Siton's exposed back. It was right in the area that encaged his vampire heart. Within seconds, Siton went limp and Anne-Marie pushed him off.
“What took you so long?” said Anne-Marie. “He almost bit me. Ugghh.”
“Thank God he didn't,” said the white man to Anne-Marie.
“Where Zorona?” said Anne-Marie to the white man. 
He’s on his way from the club. 
“Did you like the gunshot effect?” said the white man. “That was my idea.” 
Siton lay still on the bed next to Anne-Marie. 
“Yes. Nice touch. At least it got us faster to the motel room,” said Anne-Marie.
“Who's working downstairs at the front desk?” said Anne-Marie. 
“Oh that's a new Cherubim. Her name is Avaree. It's her first assignment,” said Adonari.
A taller white man rushed into the open room. It was Zorona. 
“Cyrenee are you okay?” said Zorona to the black woman on the bed. She nodded. Adonari walked over and put his fingers on Siton’s neck checking for a pulse.
“Finally we got him,” said Zorona looking at the very dead Siton whose skin color was turning whiter than white.
“Well in case you haven't noticed, we've just assassinated Lucifer's only son. I don't think it will be too long before his minions arrive,” said Adonari.
“Too late,” said Cyrenee as they looked up at more than One Thousand vampires levitating outside the motel room window and standing outside the room door. 
“Adonari? Exactly what was the exit strategy?” said Zorona. 
With Adonari, Zorona and Cyrenee still in human form, they stood like three deer certainly caught in the headlights. 
The vampires in the window flew inside joining the others that walked through the door. They bound Adonari, Cyrenee and Zorona, whom were still stuck in human form, with their arms at their sides and their hands behind their backs.
Vindel, being the strongest vampire, slumped Siton over his shoulder and flew out the window to Lucifer’s penthouse atop the Circus Hotel and Gaming Lounge. 
The other vampires held Adonari, Cyrenee and Zorona in nets and followed Vindel. 

:-If you enjoyed the story so far, it continues in: The Realm: A Novel (Realm of Angels Series, Book One) available for purchase wherever ebooks are sold.

***

Back to Table of Contents

4. [BONUS EXCERPTS] – Conrad Powell’s Works:

4(1). Start (Detective John Start Thriller Series, Book 1):

SMASHWORDS EDITION
EXCERPT…

PROLOGUE

(2001) - Kings County Courthouse – Downtown Brooklyn.

JOSHUA FALL whispered with his hot shot defense attorney Renaldo Zimmer as Judge Hammerstein took the bench.  For a man facing fifty counts of corruption, one count of Possession of Cocaine (one ton of it), one thousand counts of illegal possession of firearm, and three counts of conspiracy to murder, he was strangely calm, almost aloof.
The young prosecutor Helen D’Mario sat pondering how she went through a ten week trial with her nails in such an awful condition.
“All rise,” said the bailiff. “This court of The Honorable Judge Wilbert Hammerstein is now in session. Draw nigh and you shall be heard. God Bless the State of New York and the United States of America. Please be seated.”
John Martin Start, the investigating officer was noticeably absent. He knew why.
Judge Hammerstein wasted no time. He had a busy docket.
“The State of New York vs. Joshua Fall, docket number P2233 of 1999 for sentencing,” said the bailiff.
Mr. Zimmer jumped up.
“Your Honor. Before you pronounce sentencing, the defense would like to make a motion of prosecutorial misconduct and request that this honorable court entertain it.”
Judge Hammerstein, a man of few expressions grimaced so deep it appeared his jaw would break through the podium floor.
“Counsels approach,” said the judge. They complied. The judge covered his microphone and bent over his bench.
“Mr. Zimmer, I can’t believe you are pulling this. You’ve got to be kidding me. Prosecutorial misconduct?” said the judge.
“Your Honor. Clearly this has no merit. It is beyond ridiculo-”
“Save it, Ms. D’Mario. I’d love to hear this one,” said the judge cutting her off. “Mr. Zimmer, why did you wait until sentencing to bring this motion?”
Ms. D’Mario folded her arms and stared at Mr. Zimmer.
“Well, your Honor, the misconduct was not discovered until after the verdict was read. It is well settled, according to the State of New York vs. Ying Wu, that I am only obligated to bring forward a motion at the time I receive knowledge that forms the basis of such a motion,” said Mr. Zimmer.
Cocky, son-uv-a-b, thought the judge.
“I still object. But if your honor is minded to entertain the motion, I request that it be done in chambers in order to minimize any prejudicial effects to my reputation,” said Ms. D’Mario.
The judge continued in his whisper.
“Great objection Ms. D’Mario, but overruled. You want to worry about reputation, sue him later. That is off the record. Mr. Zimmer, bring forth your evidence.”
The attorneys dashed back to their war tables. The judge resumed open court.
“Mr. Zimmer, Ms. D’Mario court is adjourned for one hour. The motion will be heard in open court. Mr. Zimmer it better be good or the Bar Association will get a call from me. I promise you,” said the judge.
“By the way, where is Officer Start? I thought this was supposed to be his first big case?” said the judge.
“Your Honor, Mr. Start informed me that this case has taken a toll and he has evidence of corruption in the highest ranks of-”
“Careful. Ms. D’Mario. It would be a shame to lose your license over an open court slander,” said the judge.
“Well, Your Honor. Let me rephrase that. He is pursuing further inconclusive investigations and thought it prudent not to be here for sentencing,” said the prosecutor.
“Very well,” said the judge as he wrapped the gavel. “Court reconvenes at 1 PM.”
The hour went by in warp speed.
“All rise. The Honorable Court of Judge Hammerstein now resumes its sitting. God Bless the State of New York and God Bless the United States of America. Please be seated,” said the Bailiff.
“Mr. Zimmer,” said the judge.
“Thank you Your Honor. I am obliged to the court,” said Mr. Zimmer as he rose pulling out a DVD from his briefcase that he violently waived in the air.
“Here goes the theatrics,” said Ms. D’Mario under her breath.
“Ms. D’Mario?” said the judge.
“Nothing Your Honor,” said Ms. D’Mario without bothering to stand for the judge.
Zimmer flashed her a “na na na na na” look as he marched around the courtroom. D’Mario rolled her eyes at him.
“Bewitching evidence Your Honor. I have here a-”
Mr. Zimmer stopped himself.
“You know what, I think the evidence will speak for itself,” said Zimmer as he beckoned the bailiff to take the DVD. The bailiff looked at the judge for confirmation before moving. Judge Hammerstein nodded his head. The bailiff took the DVD and disappeared into a side room.
“I received this last night from an anonymous source sent via Federal Express and thank goodness. There is a God who sits high and looks low,” said Zimmer as he shook his hands in the air like a tambourine at a Baptist tent revival.
Ms. D’Mario rolled her eyes.
The bailiff returned with a remote in his hand as a white screen descended on the wall opposite the jury box.
All eyes were on the screen as the bailiff turned off the lights.
On the dimly lit screen with the camera in a bird’s eye angle view, the interrogation video began to play.
“Tell me who put you up to this,” said Officer John Start.
“I’m a man of few words Mr. Start,” said a clean faced Joshua Fall.
Start flashed him a slap across his face and Joshua Fall ricocheted off the chair like a ping pong ball. The slap echoed in the courtroom thanks to Bose Surround Sound.
Start grabbed him up off the floor and kneed him in the stomach. A cocktail of rich dark red blood mixed with vomit flashed from his mouth. Fall collapsed into the chair.
“What? Can’t get laid at night?” said Fall as he flashed a half smile with teeth covered in blood. Start held him by the throat with one hand.
“Enough,” said the judge. The lights flipped on.
Ms. D’Mario blinked her eyes as she leapt to her feet.
“Your Honor, the authentication of the tape cannot be verified. We don’t know when it was made.”
“Enough,” said the judge.
“As well as the purported identity of Officer Start or the Defendant,” continued Ms. D’Mario.
“Enough,” said the judge.
“Your Honor, I did not know about the existence of this ta-”
“Enough Ms. D’Mario,” said the judge wrapping his gavel until the handle broke.
“We are a system of ordered liberty, due process and justice. We are not a little rogue nation on the krull of some mountains somewhere operating out of a tent. In all my years on the bench I have never witnessed a more cruel violation of a citizen’s rights. I do not care how hard you try Ms. D’Mario and I suggest you do not say another word. Stand up Mr. Fall.”
Mr. Zimmer tried to stop a smile that erupted on his face. It took no genius to know what was coming next so he braced for the imminent glory.
“Mr. Fall, in light of the exculpatory evidence presented that more than guaranteed that your confessions were forced and since your convictions were based mostly on those confessions, I have no alternative but to dismiss the charges against you with prejudice. You are free to go,” said the judge.
Mr. Zimmer smiled and slapped his client’s back. Joshua Fall smiled at Ms. D’Mario. Ms. D’Mario could guess what Joshua Fall was saying.
Hey, I’m guilty. But please thank Officer Start for me. I couldn’t have done it without him.
Ms. D’Mario grabbed her things as Zimmer led his usual victory walk that he had taken a billion times with his notorious clients.

Chapter 1

Ten Years Later - Downtown Brooklyn – Monday Evening, October 11, 2011.

The Blue-Eyed Blond-Haired assassin sat patiently by the fourth floor window of their short term rental at the Donald Trump Grand Arms Apartments on Joralemon Street in Downtown Brooklyn.
The Grand Arms used to be The Brooklyn Bureau Action Center until Trump decided to anoint it as his latest renovation project.
The Grand Arms was directly across from 210 Joralemon Street, the home to the Brooklyn Division of New York City’s Police Department. 
The assassin had a clear view to the entrance of 210 Joralemon, or The Coliseum as most officers called it because of its grandiose white marble columns rising to the sky. 
Of course thanks to New Jersey’s pollution, they were now smoky gray. 
And to make matters worse, dirty pigeons fluttered about etching Rembrandt style artwork on the marble canvases with their sepia-toned droppings. 
Blue-Eyes watched the entrance like a crow as he patted the wall feeling for Peter Pan. Peter was his specialty sniper rifle.
He named it Peter since it wasted no time in sending victims swiftly to Never Neverland. This Peter Pan adventure had no magic dust, no flying tinker bells, just straight cold mini missiles that melted the flesh with shrapnel crafted to rip through the chest with deathly accuracy. 
Blue-Eyes kept a watch while his Green-Eyed Red-Haired twin brother sat inside the dark apartment devouring the carcass of a triple cheese, pepperoni, mushroom, olive, anchovy and Canadian bacon pizza. He gobbled it three slices at a time stacked together which he washed down with a two liter bottle of Dr. Pepper taken straight to the head.
Despite having executed 302 assignments spanning a period of twenty years that touched the shores of Asia, Africa, North America, Australia and Europe and which netted millions of pounds in their Seychelles Island’s account, and in spite of the botched bombing five years ago in Stalingrad that left Green-Eyes blind and Blue-Eyes deaf, they showed no signs of letting up. They were always booked solid two years in advance.
Detective John Aston Martin Start, the newest recruit to Brooklyn’s Special Crime Cadre, emerged from the coliseum as the sun set. The Norwegian twins’ latest assignment was all things GQ. Start was tall, dark and strikingly handsome. 
Blue-Eyes grabbed Peter and pointed it at the detective who appeared blurry in the night vision scope.  He wiped the scope with the long sleeve of his black Versace turtleneck.
On instinct, Rembrandt’s protégés scrambled away from the detective and perched in low lying oaks in the near distance.   
Start turned up the collar on his blue blazer. He had forgotten his coat upstairs but had no intention of turning back. 
Blue-Eyes stared into the scope and pointed the rifle at the detective’s chest. 
“Don’t leave Start. Don’t do this leaving,” said Blue-Eyes under his breath. “Come, come. Be good little birdie. Stay still.” 
Meanwhile Green-Eyes continued the pizza onslaught.
Blue-Eyes caressed the trigger like it was the perky breast of a Norwegian girl and aimed at John’s heart. He cocked it. 
Green-Eyes heard the rifle in mid-gulp.  
“Brother, no,” said Green-Eyes but he remembered that would do no good. 
So he dove in the direction of the sound crashing into his brother who almost dropped Peter Pan out the window. 
Blue-Eyes toppled to the ground in laughter as he watched his brother’s lips. 
“This not funny,” said Green-Eyes as he felt for the wall to lift himself up.
“Is okay brother,” said Blue-Eyes in between the chuckling. “I observe his movement. This all. I observe his movement.” 
Start walked down the street and jumped into his dark blue Toyota Corolla.  With the danger gone, the dirty pigeons came back to finish their masterpiece.

4(2). Realm of Angels Series:

SMASHWORDS EDITION
EXCERPT…

BOOK ONE: The Realm – 

Chapter 5 – Adonari’s Roots.

Heaven - 8,050 years ago.

Adonari, the Cherubim holy angel flew to the top of the Amethyst gate. Each of the twelve gates of paradise led to a central area deep inside the Holy City of Zion or as the world called it heaven. 
In the center of the Holy City, the Spirit of The Almighty dwelt in the midst. 
Adonari pitched in a tree near the Amethyst gate. He sat staring into the deepness of the outer bands of the heavenly realm. This was the realm where the Spirit of The Lord hovered over the deepness. 
He was not alone. 
Nearby Gladaro, a seraphim flapped his angelic wings and with perfect precision pitched in front of Adonari.
The Seraphims were ten times the size of a cherubim like Adonari.
“Have you heard?” said Gladaro. Adonari stared into Gladaro’s face which blocked his way.
“And what are you speaking of?” said Adonari.
“You need to stop hanging around the gate like you are searching for something. What you are searching for you will soon find,” said Gladaro.
“Really? I don’t know what you are talking–”
“Let’s cut to the chase shall we.” said Gladaro. “Everyone is talking about it. You shouldn’t be so disconnected my friend.”
“Seraphims and Cherubims are hardly friends,” said Adonari.
“True. But that’s not our fault now is it,” said Gladaro with a smirk.
“Maybe Lucifer has something to do with that. Don’t you think?” said Adonari.
Gladaro stretched his massive wings that were the size of Saturn. In the heavenly realm everything was super-sized.
“Shh-shh,” said Gladaro as he raised his wing to his lips. “You shouldn’t speak so loudly there Cherubim.
“Loud? You forget The Almighty is omnipresent. There are no secrets in heaven. You actually believe The Almighty is not aware that Lucifer is planning to overthrow heaven?”
“Look, Adonari. You’re going to have to choose a side,” said Gladaro, now taking wings to flight and hovering in the air before Adonari.
Adonari flew up into the air in front of Gladaro’s face.
“You seem to be Lucifer’s spokesperson. Tell me, why does he feel he can overthrow the Almighty One?” said Adonari.
“That’s easy. Project Terra Nova,” said Gladaro.
“What are you talking–”
“Adonari, you really need to get out more often.”
“Lucifer, er – Son of the Morning Star told us of The Almighty’s plans. The Almighty had a meeting with the Council of Archangels, including Lucifer and The Four and Twenty Elders and told them of his experiment in free will. He plans on creating a race of terrestrial beings on that little ball of nothing they are calling The New Earth.”
“Really?” said Adonari.
“These terrestrials are going to be made a little lower than us in power and dominion,” said Gladaro. “When Son of the Morning Star heard about it, he saw a way to carry out the overthrow. These terrestrial beings, called humans are the key. They will have free will of a different kind,” 
Adonari stared at Gladaro in silence.
“Most of the Cherubims and Seraphims are on board,” said Gladaro.
“We will need you soon because The Almighty has finished creating the terrestrials. Soon be our time it will,” said Gladaro.
Adonari slowly descended back to the limb he was sitting on.
Gladaro followed and stood back in front of him just as before.
“I don’t think I want to be a part of that. It sounds too risky,” said Adonari.
“What’s risky is not joining the revolution,” Gladaro said.
Before Gladaro could finish, Lucifer appeared behind him from thin air. 

***

Lucifer, being an Archangel, was ten times the size of a seraphim. Adonari knew him by his scent. Normally angels had no smell but Lucifer was developing a very distinct odor kind of like the smell of one hundred year old manna bread that had crusted old and wet with the heavenly mist.
Lucifer realizing he was too large for conversation reduced his size to Gladaro’s height. 
The Son of The Morning Star was as beautiful as the heavens declared. His hair was a flowing auburn mane that reached behind him and rested in the mid-blade where his wings joined attached. His outer covering was a soft golden skin for angels wore no clothes. He like the others angels had sexual organs but these remained hidden until they were about to have sex. After the act the organs would disappear again. Angels were forbidden to have sex in heaven and only fallen angels outside of heaven had sex.
Lucifer’s ears were made of circular brass rings that piped music in octaves only the heavenly realm could hear. 
But he stopped playing music – the kind that praised The Almighty. 
Lucifer’s wings were a pale red for he was an Archangel. They were almost tea rose and the feathers had a stronger grade than those of the Cherubims and Seraphims.
The Cherubims and Seraphims had off-white, cream colored wings. 
Lucifer’s face was a beautiful bronze and he had eyes that mesmerized. All angels had noses but without holes for they didn’t breath air in heaven.
The Almighty was their sustenance. The breath of their lives, the glory of The Almighty was. 
Lucifer’s neck was tall and kept his head higher above his shoulders.
When he spoke, he sang. The lilt in his voice made even Seraphims tremble with adulation and fear. 
Oh, the smooth calm of Lucifer’s voice felt like a cool summer day on Earth resting on a hammock in the white and yellow lily covered prairies of the Serengeti plains sipping chilled lemonade, perfectly sweetened, as the cool breeze swept up and over one’s soul and slowly and gently tickling the leaves of the large Acacia trees that cradled the hammock and breathed coolness between the shade. Lucifer’s whisper teased and seduced the soul into compliance. 
“You should listen to him,” said Lucifer staring at Adonari. “You shan’t regret it.”
Lucifer gently brushed Gladaro aside. Gladaro complied.
“I’ll take it from here,” said Lucifer with a smile. 
Adonari felt a tremor vibrate his insides with every word that resonated from Lucifer’s lips.
“Adonari… Adonari. Ugghh. I have never liked those chosen names. I have renamed everyone on my side and I now call you Victor. Yes, Victor it is,” said Lucifer smiling ferociously.
“Victor, all that is said is true, every bit of it. Times are changing and it would be a shame to leave you out. Well, when we win, I’ll just destroy you and everyone else on the losing side. You know I don’t want to leave you out, but I will. I will,” said Lucifer.
As Adonari turned his eyes from Lucifer, a Legion of Angels, Seraphims and Cherubims flew overhead. Ten Thousand they numbered.
Zorona, a Seraphim and leader of that Legion, left them in mid air and swooped down beside Lucifer. Adonari kept silent.
“What have we here,” Zorona said. “Son of the Morning Star, Adonari.” 
Zorona nodded to them. Adonari stared at Zorona. Zorona is one of the guards that oversee the central region of The Almighty’s throne room in the center of heaven.
“Zorona, you’re a tad bit off your course,” Adonari said. “Shouldn’t you be guarding the throne room or something?”
“I am Vander now,” said Zorona. “Zorona is no more and if you knew what I knew, you too would abandon The Not So Mighty and His Throne Room.”
Lucifer smiled.
“You too Zorona?” Adonari said. “You too?”
“I –”
“No worries,” Lucifer said cutting off Zorona.
“You see that Legion that’s hovering up there? They are with me. Most of heaven is with me. We have more power together and can overthrow The Almighty as long as we stick together. Think about it. If he has really been all knowing why haven’t he stopped us and we have been planning this right in his face? If he had so much power why isn’t he stopping us? Why is he so silent? He is silent because the truth is our collective power is greater than his. He made a mistake when he gave his angels free will. Don’t you see he cannot stop it,” said Lucifer.
Adonari thought for a moment.
“Look, I have to go,” said Adonari and he took to flight high above the tree limb where he was sitting.   
Gladaro motioned to take off after him. Lucifer braced his wing against Gladaro.
“ No. Don’t bother. He’ll see for himself,” said Lucifer as Adonari darted through the Legion that hovered above. A few Seraphims moved out of the way to let him pass. 

***

4(3). Betrayal Romance Series:
SMASHWORDS EDITION
Part 1 – Betrayal

EXCERPT…

 Two hours later Sherry came to Ella. 
“I have to leave for a bit so cover for me. Beside you owe me one,” said Sherry. 
“No problem Chica,” said Ella. 
“Can I borrow you’re Geo?” said Sherry. 
“Sure. Take care of it. The key is in my purse in my locker,” said Ella. 
Sherry retrieved the key and hurried out of Gloria’s. 
Sherry crawled down Wall Street in the Geo. Traffic was slow. When she reached the intersection near Cohen & Black, she stopped for a sting of pedestrians who were bent on taking all day.
Sherry glanced at the ground floor restaurant in The Cohen & Black Building and saw Lazza kissing a woman dressed in a lovely red dress. Her black hair hung perfectly below her shoulders. Sherry gasped. 
“Oh my God,” Sherry said as the pedestrians gave her pass. 
The cars behind her unforgivingly honked their horns. She took a right turn and circled back to Gloria’s.
Sherry parked and ran into the restaurant. She grabbed Ella’s hand and pulled her into the locker room.
“What’s wrong with you? I was about to collect a twenty dollar tip,” said Ella.
“Girl, you are not going to believe this,” said Sherry.
“What? What?” Ella said hurriedly.
“I saw Lazza at his firm.”
“Okay, and?” said Ella.
“And he was lip-locked with a pretty chick. Girl, that ho,” said Sherry.
“Really,” said Ella as she flushed red. She can’t be lying to me, thought Ella.
“I’ve got to see him,” said Ella. 
“Girl, I don’t blame you. Go get your man,” said Sherry as she pushed the car keys in Ella’s hands.
Ella darted out of the eatery without talking to her boss. She jumped in her Geo. Since the traffic was clear, she darted down the street.
As Ella neared the intersection for the Cohen & Black building, a pretty woman in a red dress was rushing across the street. Ella could not stop in time and slammed into the woman. The woman flipped in the air stilettos and all and fell on the bonnet of Ella’s Geo.
“Oh my God,” said Ella. She ran out of the car and a few men helped Ella to pick up the unconscious woman who was bleeding heavily. They put her in Ella’s car.
“I’m taking her to New York Downtown Hospital. It’s the nearest one,” said Ella and she sped off.
The CEO of Cohen & Black witnessed the scene from a meeting near the 2nd Floor window.
“One of our staff has been hit. I think it is Mr. Renault’s secretary, said the CEO to his assistant. The assistant called Mr. Renault by cell and informed him. Ella called Sherry on speed dial and engaged the speakerphone. 
“Sher, I hit someone. I’m heading to New York Downtown Hospital,” said Ella. 
“Are you okay?” said Sherry. 
“Yes, I’m fine but the lady is hurt badly. I have to go,” said Ella. 
“I am there,” said Sherry. 
“Okay,” said Ella and hung up the phone. She drove straight to the Emergency Trauma Unit of the hospital. 
As she reached, a team of EMT technicians placed the woman in red on a gurney and Ella jumped out of the vehicle and followed them inside. 
The corridor smelled like a twenty megaton bleach bomb had exploded inside. 
As the EMT techs dashed along the corridor with the victim, one of the gurney wheels broke tumbling everyone to the floor in front of at T section corridor leading from the registration area of the Emergency Unit. The EMT team except one tech left to get another gurney as Ella crouched on the floor next to the accident victim. 
Lazza came dashing down the corridor. 
He spotted Agatha on the floor in her red dress and Ella and Lazza’s eyes met.
He had come to see Agatha not realizing Ella was the driver who caused the accident. 
He came up to them and noticed that Agatha was unconscious so he switched gears. 
“Papi, how did you know I was here?” Ella said getting up and hugging him. Lazza paused. 
“Ah, my love. I saw the accident from my building but by the time I come down you were gone,” said Lazza. 
“Are you okay?” said Lazza. 
“Yes, I’m fine but-”
Sherry ran down the corridor. Ella noticed Sherry coming whilst still in her embrace. 
Ella released Lazza and ran to Sherry. 
They hugged in the middle of the T corridor. 
“Girl, you okay?” said Sherry. 
“Yes. I’m fine but as I said the lady isn’t doing too well.” 
“Hi,” Sherry said to Lazza. Sherry looked down at the woman. “Oh my God Chica, that is the woman your man was kissing at the restaurant.”

***

4(4). Short Story Series:

SMASHWORDS EDITION

(Short Story) Bloody Shabbat.

EXCERPT…

Kinderstaag returned to his seat and propped up his feet on the table. Heinrick’s blood dripped from Kinderstaag’s boots forming a puddle on the table below where his boots were elevated.
Kinderstaag took out a crushed cigarette from his uniform pocket. His bloody fingers held the cigarette as he put it to his lips. Kinderstaag’s lips had a trace of Heinrick’s blood on it. Kinderstaag held the cigarette between his lips as he searched for the match. 
An SS soldier rushed into the courtyard and stood in front of Kinderstaag with a salute then a stiff-armed salute.  Kinderstaag took the crushed cigarette from his lips. His lips had decorated the filter red just like an old woman’s red lipstick would do. Kinderstaag held the now reddish cigarette between his fingers. 
“What is it?” said Kinderstaag. The soldier spoke.
“Heil Hilter,” he said extending his right hand out towards the General. Meanwhile, Commandeer Peugot wobbled back into the courtyard carrying a middle-sized pig in his two large hands. 
The pig’s squeals echoed in the courtyard deafening everyone within range. Kinderstaag glanced at the Commandeer then looked back at the soldier in front of him.
“Yes, what it is?” Kinderstaag continued to hold the crushed cigarette between his fingers.
“General Shroeder requests a portion of this infantry. We are marching on the outskirts of Jena. Sir the enemy Allie Forces are reported to be heading this way,” said the soldier. 
“Very well. They won’t get far. We have a solid defense wall near this town,” said Kinderstaag wincing from the squeals of the pig as The Commandeer came closer to the table. 
“Heil Hilter,” saluted the soldier as The Commandeer stopped at the table.
“Heil Hilter,” said The Commandeer who struggled to control the squealing slippery pig in his hands. Kinderstaag threw down the cigarette.
“Ahhhhh,” screamed Kinderstaag as he knocked the pig out of The Commandeer’s hand. The pig stumbled as Kinderstaag raised his bloodied pistol and swiftly shot it. The pig squealed louder. The bullet on grazed its bubbly fat skin.
Kinderstaag shot the pig again. This time the bullet connected and the squeals ceased. 
“Pick him up,” said Kinderstaag to Commandeer Peugot. Commander Peugot picked up bloody pig.
“Place him on the table,” said Kinderstaag. The Commandeer complied. Kinderstaag spoke.
“Commandeer, take the troop to the next town and meet up with General Schroeder. I will be fine here. Just leave me with Nine SS Soldiers. I have this under control.”
“Yes sir,” said The Commandeer as he wiped the pig guts off his hands onto his uniform.  The Commandeer shouted several directions to the SS and the lot of them marched out leaving Kinderstaag and nine soldiers behind. The Nine SS Soldiers gathered around the Jews in the middle of the courtyard near the table. 
Kinderstaag took a deep breath and looked at the pig on the table. He grabbed his ratchet knife from his waist and jammed it in the pig’s throat.  He drew the knife from its throat to its genitals. The pig split in two on the table.
“What better way to celebrate your capture on this your blessed Shabbat than a lovely Shabbat meal,” said Kinderstaag as he laid the two halves of the pig edge to edge on the table. Kinderstaag stood behind the table pretending to be a Jewish Rabbi with his hands outstretched.
“Please come partake” beckoned Kinderstaag with his hands towards the Jews.

***

SMASHWORDS EDITION

(Short Story) No Easy Day: A Fictional Account of the Mission That “Killed” Osama Bin Laden.

EXCERPT…

“Mr. President. We are approaching the Haveli compound. ETA 10 minutes. It is 19:50 hundred hours Zulu Time. Black Hawk 2 is ahead of us. They should be on location as we speak.” said Spinner, the pilot of the modified helicopter Black Hawk 1. 
The Black Hawks were modified as stealth machines with silver-loaded infrared suppression finishes. 
“It is Mr. Cool to you, Spinner. You've forgotten my presidential code-name already?”
Mr. Cool leaned back on his leather chair in the Situation Room of the White House. 
“We will ensure that Operation: Makeover-”
“Soldier. Make sure I never hear you mentioning that again. This is Operation, ah, ah. Hold on,” said Mr. Cool cutting of Spinner. The President remained on the speakerphone.
“What is the fake name of this operation again?” said Mr. Cool to Leon Panetta who was in the Situation Room as well. Mr. Cool paused on the phone. 
“Operation Geronimo, Sir.”
“Oh yes. Operation Geronimo. Lest we forget the Geronimo. Oh sorry. That was the Alamo.
“I stand corrected, Sir,” said Spinner.
“The press will get an earful of this Operation Geronimo. Right Jay?” said Mr. Cool to Jay Carney, his Press Secretary, who was also in the Situation Room. Carney flashed an annoying glance at The President.
“Sir. If I may. I think the Native-Americans are going to be upset with the use of the name Geronimo,” said Carney. 
“Jay?” 
“Yes Sir?”
“Who am I?”
“You're the President, Sir.”
“No. I am the Black President of the United States of America. I can get away with it.”
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who sat a few chairs from the President, chuckled.
“Yes Sir. I apologize. That is true.”
“Black Hawk 2? Do you read me?” said Mr. Cool over the frying noise emanating from the Situation Room speakers. There was no response from Black Hawk 2.
“Black Hawk 2? What is your status?” said Mr. Cool. They did not respond.
“Spinner see if you can reach Black Hawk 2. We are having difficulties here,” said Mr. Cool. 
“Yes Sir, right away,” said Spinner. The members in the situation room listened intently. You could hear a nanobot on the head of a pin drop. 
“Black Hawk 2, This is Black Hawk 1. Do you read? Over and Out,” said Spinner over the speakerphone system.
“Black Hawk 2 here. We have just arrived on location. We are having severe communication problems,” said Defender, the pilot of Black Hawk 2.
“Sir, please hold. Information is coming in from Black Hawk 2,” said Spinner.
“Spinner, this is Defender. We are on location but having technical difficulties with Black Hawk 2.”
“What is happening?” said Mr. Cool.
“Sir, I think we may have to abort the operation. It appears Team 6 is having difficulties rappelling down from Black Hawk 2,” said Spinner to Mr. Cool on speakerphone.
“We are having extreme turbulence at this height without getting closer and it is now 20:00 hundred hours Zulu Time,” said Defender to Spinner.
“What the hell is happening? We can't afford to abort. I can’t afford to abort,” said Mr. Cool.
“William, say something to them,” said Mr. Cool to Vice Admiral William H. McRaven, Commander of the Joint Special Operations Command Unit who was in the Situation Room also.
“Gentlemen, you cannot, I repeat, cannot abort the mission. I command you to land. Just as we practiced last week in Arizona. Repeat. You are commanded to land,” said the Vice Admiral.
“Defender, this is Spinner. You are commanded to land. Repeat. You are commanded to land.  Execute the plan as is. Defender, do you hear me? Over and Out.” 
Defender did not respond. 
“Defender, do you copy?” 
Black Hawk 2 did not respond.
“Sir, we have lost contact with Black Hawk 2,” said Spinner. 
“I see,” said Mr. Cool.
Mr. Cool muted the speakerphone connected to the Black Hawks.
“Dammit, Hillary. This thing has got to work. My numbers need a boost. It’s awful for the ego to be an unpopular President.”
That’s for damn sure, thought Hillary as she stared at Mr. Cool but she didn’t say a word.
“Sir, we are landing in part A of the Compound as instructed. Mission continued,” said Spinner.
“Atta boys. That's what I need to hear.”

4(5). Non-Fiction Titles:

SMASHWORDS EDITION

Jesus, I Am Ready: Developing a Servant’s Heart (Devotions for Every Day of the Year) – (Released in Monthly Segments): March 19th to 31st.
EXCERPT…

March 29

DO NOT TAKE YOUR LIFE. Give it to me. I know that you have questioned the importance of your life. I heard you when you asked me to rescue you from the misery. When I didn’t answer you, you took it as a sign to take matters in your own hands. The reason you did that is because the deceiver tried to make you feel that your life was worthless and that there was nothing to live for. But do not be fooled. I gave you life for a reason. You are important to me or I would not have fashioned you in the innermost parts of the earth. Tell yourself that the deceiver is already trying to kill you because he is jealous of you. He lost his position in heaven as my archangel of praise and so he is out to destroy you. Therefore why would you kill yourself and therefore help him in his mission. Determine to live and determine that inasmuch as you will get depressed or down from time to time, aborting your purpose and life is not an option. 

And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done, and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the sword.

Then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah, saying, So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by tomorrow about this time.

And when he saw that, he arose, and went for his life, and came to Beer–sheba, which belongeth to Judah, and left his servant there.

But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O Lord, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.

And as he lay and slept under a juniper tree, behold, then an angel touched him, and said unto him, Arise and eat.

And he looked, and, behold, there was a cake baken on the coals, and a cruse of water at his head. And he did eat and drink, and laid him down again.

And the angel of the Lord came again the second time, and touched him, and said, Arise and eat; because the journey is too great for thee.
1 KINGS 19:1-7

Question for The Day – What troubles you so that you would want to give up?

***

SMASHWORDS EDITION
No Easy Day for Mark Owen: The Legal Brief.
EXCERPT…
In order to appreciate this debate we need to explore what the law says about this situation. As an attorney, the primary starting point is to analyze the facts to determine what laws and/or rules apply. 
First, we are dealing with the United States government. Whenever you have conduct involving the US Federal Government or a State, then the United States Constitution applies and therefore the area of law called constitutional law. 
The United States Constitution is considered a type of covenant or contract between the American people and their government.  Central guarantees in the Constitution revolve around The Bill of Rights. These rights are considered fundamental (meaning quite important) in that they speak to issues central to our liberties.  
Specifically, we are dealing with the writing and publishing of a book which would fall under the First Amendment to the United Stated Constitution; the right of freedom of speech (expression). 
The First Amendment states that “[c]ongress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.” (U.S. Const. amend. I.).
Second, according to the General Counsel of the Department of Defense, “[Matt B.] signed Non-Disclosure Agreements prior to his departure from active duty.” [15]
Therefore, since Matt B. and the government had a contract covering the terms of his employment to the Department of Navy, then we are talking about contract law, which fall under the general heading of civil law. 
What is a contract? In layman’s terms, a contract in its simplest definition involves an agreement, promise or promises between or among parties in which if any party failed to live up to their promise, then the wronged party could obtain relief from a court of law for the breaking of that promise (the technical term is breach.) 
The relief could be in the form of money awards or a court order forcing a party to do or not to do a particular act, typically called an injunction or specific performance order. 
 The courts in trying to determine what rights and duties each party has under the agreement, will look to the four corners of the document to declare what those rights and duties are and whether any party did not live up to those duties. Therefore, we will analyze the four corners of the identical agreement that Matt B. signed. 
However, it is important to note that the Non-Disclosure Agreement Form DD 1847-1 specifically states that certain other “executive orders, laws, and rules are made a part of it” and so these extra-contractual regulations also govern the rights and duties of the parties to the agreement. [16] 
Therefore in order to have a plenary (complete) analysis I will have to discuss these orders, rules and regulations as well. For now, I will just mention them. Some reading this ebook might be tempted to just glance over this list but believe me each and every law is important and we will discuss them.
***

SMASHWORDS EDITION

Sandy Hook Slaughter: Sandy Hook Slaughter: The Newtown Shooting and Massacre in Connecticut - Adam Lanza. Thoughts and Lessons on a Tragedy and the Coming Paradigm Shift.
EXCERPT…
It is important that we understand the magnitude of what has transpired in Newtown, Connecticut. This tragedy is already being compared with Columbine and other rampage shootings in America’s history. 
Applying my attorney’s skills, I will outline and simplify the gun control debate, which is a complicated legal area, as well as analyze the Asperger Syndrome medical condition so that you will have a working knowledge of the issues when trying to make sense of or discuss the matter.
Regarding gun control, let’s take a brief look at the timeline history of such public rampages or major attacks. There has usually been a huge public outcry for gun control surrounding these major occurrences.
1960’s - Assassinations of John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, and Martin Luther King, Jr., University of Texas Clock Tower Shootings.
1970’s - Kent State Massacre
1980’s - San Ysidro McDonald's Massacre
1990’s - Columbine High School Massacre, Luby's Massacre, Brown's Chicken Massacre
2000’s - Beltway sniper attacks, Virginia Tech Massacre, Red Lake High School Massacre, Capitol Hill Massacre
2010’s - Tucson shooting, Sikh temple in Wisconsin, Clackamas Town Center, and now Sandy Hook Elementary School Shooting.[2]
The central governing law is the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution. It was made official in 1791 as part of the Bill of Rights. It states as follows.
“A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.”[3]
In context we understand that at the time of its making, America had a vested interest in making sure its citizens were armed because of the idea of an independent state from the Mother Country England. But those who oppose the idea of bearing arms as a right, believe that this law only existed to protect States from the Federal Government creating laws to take away the States’ rights to have a militia.
Nevertheless, that right was considered fundamental and thus why it has become known as a fundamental right, meaning that it is considered sacred almost to the American way of life. 
Couple this with the strength of the National Rifle Association’s lobby efforts and we see why not much legislation on the federal level has successfully occurred but there were some. These are explained below and followed several brutal killings. 

***

Back to Table of Contents

All titles are available for purchase wherever ebooks are sold.

***
