


















The Legend of Valtera


ALYSSA PENNINI



























Copyright © 2014 Alyssa Pennini
Cover Art by Alyssa Pennini
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof
may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever
without the express written permission of the publisher
except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

SBN: 1505611164 
ISBN-13: 978-1505611168


























For my mother,
who has taught me to see
possibility in everything






















































CONTENTS
Contents
Map
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Acknowledgements


THE LAND OF VALTERA











PROLOGUE


Fire, hot and bright, streaked across the night sky as a blaze fell from the heavens and collided into the land of Valtera. The ball of light went unnoticed as the few inhabitants of the island nation were asleep under the dotted stars of the night sky. No one would believe that, when the ball of light finally connected with the Earth, it wasn’t a meteor or comet, but a man and a woman hand in hand. 
Both beings were statuesque, standing tall and thin in the mass of smoke. Their faces held sharp features, as if they were carved from stone, with round sapphire eyes and soft, full lips. Their skin was ethereally pale and glowing, seeming to emanate a light that was fading in the dying fire surrounding them. There was a crown of golden curls atop the man’s head, a halo of white blonde waves around the woman’s face. They were clothed in gauzy white; the man in a tunic and trousers, the woman in a flowing dress, her hair billowing over her shoulders in the gentle breeze. 
The man called himself Ciro and the woman Aylin. Although they looked like humans, there was something that marked them as different, otherworldly. Maybe it was their skin or hair, their poise or their very presence. The couple were from the heavens, beings of light and space and the universe. Their celestial origin provided them with the powers of the universe; the power over fire and air, earth and water. 
Ciro and Aylin traveled the land, establishing each canton of Valtera and helped the people flourish. They lived peacefully amongst the humans, living as they did. Ciro and Aylin lived and loved as one, and their love resulted in five beautiful children: Delmare, Rodor, Aldera, Egan and Nodin. They passed their powers, the powers over the elements and the universe, on to those children and taught them how to use their powers to help the land and the human people. 
Though their love had combined and resulted in many children and grandchildren, Ciro and Aylin wanted to leave a token of their love on the Earthly plane. When they felt their time in Valtera was coming to a close, they performed a ceremony and in this ceremony, they imbued a stone with a little of their essence, melding their love and powers together for eternity. And when their lives on this plane were over, they said farewell to their family and passed on, retreating back to the heavens. 
They returned to their rightful place among the stars, spending the rest of eternity as the two sources of light in the universe, for Ciro was of the Sun and Aylin was of the Moon. They spent their time watching their children and the people of Valtera, lighting their way and helping them live. When their children said farewell to their lives on the Earthly plane, Ciro and Aylin greeted them as they passed into the afterlife, spending the rest of time as the stars in the night sky.  
☆☽☀☾☆
A crown of gold, a halo of silver,
Eternal love, an everlasting pillar,
Of hope and peace, faith and love,
Delivered from the universe above.
Beneath the sky, heavens dwell
Hidden away by an ancient spell.
Where north, east, south, west meet
Lies a stone which quells defeat.
May earth, air, water and fire
Lead you there at your desire.
By valley low and mountain high,
Birds alone spy high across the sky.
Listen close for the song of the stars,
To lead you down the path near or far.
While fire arises twice within a day,
The entrance unveiled and on display.
Secret stars align to light your lane
Allowing fears to be restrained.
For their presence still beckons
In the hidden home of the heavens.
If you happen to reach these lands,
Through bravery and worthy hands,
What you seek shall be found soon,
East of the Sun and West of the Moon.






CHAPTER 1


The stars were fading, their light slowly eclipsed by the rising sun in the east. Prea Reed was laying on the cold ground, her legs dangling over the edge of the cliff. She was bundled up in a thick sweater, pulling the sleeves down over her hands to keep them warm as she bounced her booted feet against the craggy rock surface. Brisk wind swept over her face and body, brushing against her skin, calling up gooseflesh under her sweater. 
It was a quiet morning save for the splashing of seawater against the rocks below. It was an in between time, where nightlife prepared for slumber and all other life had yet to wake. Prea was alone, appreciating the silence and the shifting sky. 
Dawn approached on the horizon and Prea bid farewell to the night stars as they finally completed their disappearing act in the growing brightness. It was a beautiful sight, as she found most dawn’s were—the melding rainbow of colors painting the sky as the sun began to crest above the ocean’s surface, washing everything in a golden glow. 
Prea sat up as the sun rose higher and higher, but where she normally felt hope and happiness at the yellow light, today she felt uneasy. The longer she waited, the more red the sky became and an old saying buzzed silently in the back of her mind: Red sky at night, Sailor’s delight. Red sky at morning, Sailor take warning. The thought brought a sinking feeling into the pit of her stomach. It’s just a saying, it doesn’t mean anything, Prea reminded herself.
She took comfort in the familiarity of the land and the taste of trees and salt on the sea breeze as the morning spring air surrounded her. Her father, Garon Reed, had been at sea for about a month, his crew making the first voyage of the new year to Rodor in the north and she was anxiously awaiting their return. Prea stood quietly by the cliff, waiting and praying, until the sun told her it was time to head back inside. 
She turned from the lightening sky and walked away from the cliff’s edge, moving knowingly through the forest as she returned home. Their house was situated on a decent plot of land surrounded by trees, on the cliffs overlooking the Bay of Aldin. Prea’s father had worked hard his entire life to provide for his family and he bought this land so that they would always be able to watch for his ship on the horizon. 
The Reed home was modest, yet roomy, especially now that there were only three permanent inhabitants year round. It was simple and quaint, much like the rest of the buildings in their town of Beech, which happened to be one of the larger towns in their rustic nation of Valtera. 
When Prea returned to the kitchen, her younger sister Alvie was sitting at the table enjoying her breakfast. “Good morning,” she greeted Alvie and poured herself a cup of tea. 
“Morning,” Alvie responded, without looking up from the book she was reading. Leaning against the counter, Prea studied her sister. While both were petite, with pale skin and large, round eyes, the similarities stopped there. Prea had small, soft features along with wavy blonde hair and grassy green eyes just like their father. Her sister’s features were delicately angular and she took after their mother, her hair a lighter shade of brown, but just as straight, and her eyes an icy cool shade of blue. 
Alvie had finished school at sixteen and had been working at the infirmary for almost a year now. She was the most intelligent person Prea knew and had a knack with medicines, herbs and gardening. Feeling her gaze, Alvie lifted her head and her eyes held a silent question. When Prea said nothing, her eyes shifted back to her book. 
“Is Carr still in bed?” Prea inquired after their little brother. 
“He isn’t down here, now is he?” she retorted sharply. 
“No, he isn’t,” Prea muttered as she exited the kitchen, climbing upstairs to check on Carr. Prea knocked on his door, opening it quietly. “Carr? Cricket, it’s time to get up.” A short groan was all she heard from her eight-year-old brother. “Come on. You have to get up,” she chided as she sat down on the edge of his bed. 
Rolling away from her, Carr pleaded, “I don’t want to get up. Five more minutes. Please. Just five more, Prea.” 
“No. I already gave you your extra five minutes before I came up here. You’ve really got to get up,” she said, standing up and yanking his sheets off him. 
“What are you doing? It’s cold,” he complained, as he rolled over and looked up at her. He crossed his arms, frowning at her with injustice in his blue eyes. 
“Do I have to throw you over my shoulder and drag you downstairs, tickling you until you can’t breathe? Because I can do that,” Prea threatened lightly. 
His frown vanished as he jumped out of bed giggling, his blond curls bouncing. “I’d like to see you try.” 
“Maybe tomorrow,” Prea laughed as he ran out of the room. That was a familiar morning ritual, begging and pleading on both sides before he would happily get out of bed. Some days it lasted longer than others. Apparently today was a good day. 
Prea followed him down to make sure he did eat breakfast. He was shoveling so much food into his mouth, he started coughing. “You all right there, Carr?” she asked. It took him a few moments to respond as the coughing continued, before he could get out, “Yes, I’m fine.” She studied him for a minute longer. “Have you been coughing a lot lately?” 
“Not that much. Not as bad as before.” He seems fine, Prea assured herself.
“I’m going to get ready. Once you’re done, Carr, go upstairs and get dressed,” she ordered and went upstairs without waiting for a response. 
* * *
Prea came downstairs wearing a tunic, trousers and boots. Thankfully, Carr was fully dressed, his coat on and bag in hand. “All ready to go?” Prea asked as she put her own coat on. He nodded. “All right. We’ll see you tonight, Alvie.” 
“Bye, Alvie,” Carr called and they were off.
Carr broke the silence quickly. “When’s Papa coming home?” Prea looked over at the boy who had their father’s curly golden hair. 
“Any day now.” 
“And Leal will be home too?” Carr asked after their father’s second in command. 
“Yes, Leal will be home too,” Prea smiled. 
Leal was more than Garon’s second in command, he belonged to Prea. Leal had met their father on one of his voyages to Delmar three years ago, and he returned to Alder as one of the crew. He came to dinner that first night back and had changed her life forever. 
“He’s been teaching me all the different knots and how to fish in the river.” 
“Oh really?” Prea asked innocently, as if she had no idea of their adventures. 
“Yes, and he promised he would take me fishing as soon as he returns,” he proclaimed excitedly. 
“Well, that sounds wonderful.” 
Carr quieted down as they crossed the street, heading towards the school which was located in the center of Beech. After a few more moments, Carr wondered, “Are you going to marry Leal? Because then he’d really be my brother.” That was the remarkable thing about Carr; no matter what was going on or how difficult he could be, he had an uncanny ability to say the right thing at the right moment to make you feel instantly better. 
A smile spread across her face. “Someday. That’s the plan.” 
As the two neared the schoolyard, Carr sped ahead towards his friends, but suddenly slowed down which was cause for concern. As Prea kneeled down in front of him, he was right in the midst of a coughing fit. 
“Carr. Breathe, just breathe.” Prea could see the panic creep into his face as he looked at her. “Listen to me, listen to my voice,” she soothed as she grasped his hands and held tight. Prea recited the poem from the legend of Valtera, prodding Carr to say it with her until his coughing stopped and his breathing steadied. It was the only thing that worked, having an almost magical effect on him. She stood, releasing his hands. “Please, Carr, take it easy. You can always come and find me if you need to. Okay?	
“Yes, I’m fine,” he replied as he turned to his name being called. “I have to go.” 
Prea remained where she stood for a few moments as she waited for her own panic to subside. He hadn’t had a fit like that in a while. It had really seemed like he was getting better, not that they had known what was wrong with him to begin with. The fits came and went with no rhyme or reason to speak of, but Prea had learned how to manage them.
Another moment of steady breathing and Prea still couldn’t shake this feeling that something important was about to happen. She couldn’t dwell too long though, as she heard her students calling, “Ms. Prea, Ms. Prea.” She pushed the feeling down and walked into the school. 
Prea had followed in her mother’s footsteps, becoming a teacher after she finished her schooling at sixteen. Isa Reed was beautiful, loving and told the best stories. She had instilled in her children, especially Prea, a deep appreciation and respect for the land, nature and Valtera itself. To carry on her memory, Prea taught history and geography, the subjects she and her mother loved most, to the next generation.
Hours later, school ended and Prea stepped out into the sunny schoolyard. Scanning the space, she found Carr playing with his friends over by the wall. “Prea? Can we stay for a while? I want to play,” Carr called. 
“That’s fine, as long as you’re careful,” she replied and went to sit down and enjoy the lovely afternoon. A bird’s chirping brought the young teacher out of her reverie and back to the schoolyard. “Carr, come on, it’s time to go,” she called. “We can stop and see Beda on the way home.” 
Carr said farewell to his friends and hurried over. “Really? Yay. She always has sweets for me.” Of course she does, Prea thought.
The two strolled down the streets and through town, past the goldsmith and the locksmith, the printer and the clockmaker, taking the long way home by the tailor’s shop Beda’s family owned. They entered, the bell ringing, as Carr hurried to the back of the store calling, “Beda?” Prea followed and found her oldest friend smiling behind the counter, her flaming red curls in stark contrast to sharp features and cool grey eyes as she greeted her brother. 
“Hello there, Carr. Here’s a little something for you,” she said, as she covertly handed him something Prea assumed to be sweets. Carr took the secret parcel and aimlessly wandered around the store, talking and singing to himself. 
“And hello to you as well, Prea. This is a nice surprise.” 
“It was a spur of the moment decision and you know Carr loves to come visit you. You shouldn’t give him sweets, though.” 
Beda knew her better than anyone and wasn’t convinced by her response. “What’s wrong, Prea?” That ominous feeling still lingered and she was quiet for another moment as her friend studied her. Beda raised her eyebrow, silently prodding. 
“I’m not really sure,” Prea answered softly. “I feel as though something is…that something is going to happen.” Beda just watched, waiting for her friend to elaborate. “Do you remember the first time I came in here?” Prea asked as she watched her brother wander the store, chirping away. It’s why she called him cricket.  
Beda laughed. “Of course I remember. That was the day I went from being an only child, to having a sister.”
“You were a lot like Carr.” Prea chuckled. “Wandering and babbling in your own little world.”
“Obviously. I was forced to come here, so I made it my imaginary play world where I could have all my fun. And stay sane, now that I look back on it.”
“It couldn’t have been that bad?” Prea wondered. 
“It wasn’t bad, per se. Life got infinitely better after that day, though. I finally had a friend,” Beda confessed. “I thank the heavens I was only three at the time.”
“You’ve gotten far more than friendship over the years,” Prea added. “Probably more than you bargained for.”
“We’re family,” Beda answered simply.
“That we are,” Prea said smiling.
Changing the subject Beda asked, “When are your father and Leal returning?” 
Prea smiled again. “Any day now. I keep watch every morning and evening. And Dal’s keeping watch down at the docks. He’ll let me know the minute they arrive.”
Carr and Prea said goodbye to Beda sometime later and quickly returned home as the sun began to set in the distance. She closed the door behind her, grateful to finally be home. 
“Carr, go put your stuff away and then you can play while I cook dinner,” she said and her brother ran off. I’ll have some time to myself now, she thought, looking at the clock. Alvie wouldn’t be home for another hour or so. 
Prea quietly hummed to herself, as the sky grew steadily darker. She soon heard the door open, Alvie arriving home from the infirmary. Prea glanced back as her sister entered the room. “Hello, Alvie. You’re home late.” 
“Yes. We had a group come into the infirmary right as I was leaving, so I stayed to help,” Alvie responded.
“Was it serious?” Prea asked.
Alvie paused, considering her answer. “It was a little unusual, but nothing serious. A few herbal remedies and they were good to go.” 
“That’s always good to hear,” Prea said. “Dinner is almost ready. Can you please go get Carr?” Alvie left, returning minutes later with her brother. 
“Come you two. Dinner is served,” Prea said, putting food out on the dining table.
A few hours after dinner, Prea put Carr to bed and headed outside once again. The sun had set and the stars were shining overhead as she strolled through the trees towards the cliffs. A chill ran up her spine and she looked around, scanning the dark forest. It was too quiet. The usual forest sounds, the crickets and the birds, were absent beneath the night sky. That’s odd, she’d never heard it so quiet before. She stepped through the last line of trees and came out atop the cliffs, the sea below calm under the glow of the moon. Prea sat down on the edge and looked out at the horizon. 
She was uneasy; things just didn’t feel right. Papa and Leal were gone too much and she needed them home. She tried to be grateful for what she had, tried not to complain about what she didn’t, and tried to trust that everything would turn out all right. For the past five years, Prea had done the best she could with what life had given her. She had done as Papa asked and taken care of her siblings. But right now, this feeling in the pit of her stomach, made her want Papa and Leal home to take care of her. 
Prea stood, looked up and performed the ritual she had learned from her mother. Isa Reed had opened and closed her day standing watch over the bay, calling on the sun, moon and stars to keep her father safe while he was at sea. As did she, Prea’s day didn’t feel complete unless it began and ended with this tradition. She whispered her mother’s spell on the breeze,
“I bid you farewell atop the cliffs,
And pray, my love, your return is swift
My waking thought at every dawn
Dear sun, please keep my love from harm
I call upon the stars each night
To steer your path if wrong to right
If all else fails and you are blind
Look to the heavens and quiet your mind
Listen close for my whisper on the wind
It will lead you back to the Bay of Aldin.”
She remained still for a moment, staring towards the sky as she said goodnight to her mother up in the stars.






CHAPTER 2


Prea woke with a start as a scream pierced the night. That sound was like nothing she had ever heard before and it sent a shock of panic through her body. She looked around in the dark, noticing Alvie’s profile across the room. Her sister sat rigid in her bed, silent. Another shriek erupted; a terrible noise that sliced through the walls as if they were paper. She jumped out of bed in the wake of the scream, rushing out of her room where she paused briefly as she passed a mirror and saw her scared twelve-year-old self staring back at her. 
Prea ran into her parents’ bedroom and froze, paralyzed by the contorted look of agony and dread on her mother’s face. Her mother was hysterical and her father was barely holding it together. 
“Something’s wrong, Garon,” her mother yelled. “It’s too soon. The baby isn’t ready.” Isa Reed howled again. 
“Breathe, Isa. Breathe. Everything will be all right,” her father soothed. He turned, realizing that they were not alone. He came and grabbed Prea by her shoulders, shaking her frozen frame free. He waited as she struggled to tear her young eyes away from her mother’s crying face. 
“Prea, you must go now. Get Doctor Locke and bring him back here. Quickly, my child,” Garon demanded. But she couldn’t; her brain told her body to move, but her body wouldn’t listen. 
“Go, Prea. Go now,” her father yelled as he pushed her out of their room. Always the dutiful daughter, she ran down the stairs, grabbed a coat and shoes and rushed out the door. The last thing she heard was another of her mother’s panicked cries as she ran into the night. 
Prea returned with Doctor Locke, the door still open from when she left. That was not a good sign. Only silence greeted them as they entered, silence and faint crying. 
“Come, Doctor. They’re upstairs,” she said, rushing up the steps. When she reached the top of the stairs, Prea stopped. Something was wrong, she thought, as the doctor pushed past her. Prea tiptoed slowly down the hall, pausing at the door to her room. She glanced inside, hearing Alvie quietly sobbing in the darkness. Her heartbeat quickened as dread shivered through her veins, her pulse echoing loudly in her ears as she continued down the hall. 
Prea stood in the doorway to her mother and father’s room again, but there was no screaming this time. She spied her mother lying in bed as though she was sleeping, but Prea knew that was wrong. Her father knelt by the bed, head in his hands as tears slid down his face. She had never seen her father cry before. The doctor came towards her now, saying something; his mouth was moving, but she heard no words. Finally his words broke through the fog as he laid his hand on her shoulder. 
“I’m so sorry, Prea. We were too late, child. Your mama and the baby have passed on,” Doctor Locke explained gingerly. “They’re stars in the sky, now.”
* * *
Prea’s eyes shot open in the dark, her heart hammering like horse’s hooves in her chest. She sat up and held her head in her hands before she let out a ragged breath. A dream, it was just a dream, she assured herself. That wasn’t how it happened. The proof is sleeping in the next room, she thought, and breathed deeply in an effort to calm her heart. Nonetheless she was rattled. 
She got out of bed and silently moved down the hall, stopping outside Carr’s room. She opened the door quietly, peering inside, making sure her brother was indeed alive and sleeping. She made out his outline in the shadows, saw his chest rise and fall as he breathed in slumber. Prea closed the door, letting out the breath she hadn’t realized she was holding. Her pulse slowed and she returned to her bed.
She hadn’t thought of that night in a long, long time. Her father had always expected a great deal from her, but that was the first time she had felt the true weight of responsibility. But now that it was on her mind, Prea couldn’t help but lie in bed and recall what really happened.
* * *
The night before every voyage, she and her father always had a secret conversation, the first of which happened eight years ago, shortly after she found out about Mama and the baby. Prea had stayed up as late as she could manage that night, wanting to spend as much time with her father as possible. He told her tales from his journeys and stories of the places he’d been. 
“All right, Prea, time for bed,” he had announced at nine o’clock, when he finished his last story. Mama and Alvie had been in bed for hours and now it was her turn. 
“But Papa, I don’t want to go to bed. I’m not even tired,” she said through a yawn. 
He chuckled. “Yawning means you’re tired. Time for bed.” 
He nudged her along, up the stairs, into her bedroom and tucked her into bed. He sat there as tears welled up in her eyes. “I don’t want you to go, Papa. You just got back. Why do you have to leave?” 
He wiped away the lone tear that escaped. “It’s my job, Prea. It’s how I provide for you and Mama and Alvie and now the baby. I know you understand.” Prea reluctantly nodded. “Now Prea, you’re twelve, almost a woman. I’m trusting you to look after your mother and your sister while I’m away. Mama’s going to need extra help. Can you do that?” 
“Yes, Papa.” 
“Do you promise, Prea?” he asked. 
“I promise, Papa.” He kissed Prea goodnight and then he left. 
When Papa had come home towards the end of the pregnancy, Mama wasn’t doing so well. A twelve-year-old Prea was relieved beyond belief when she spied Papa’s ship on the horizon. A few days after Papa came home, Prea woke at the sound of a scream.
Like the dream, the doctor had beaten her home as she tugged Alvie along and they reached their wide open door a few minutes later. Holding hands, the sisters crossed the threshold into eerie silence, never a good sign, and Prea hoped she wasn’t too late.
They had waited downstairs, too scared to move. A world without Mama was unbelievable. Papa was gone at sea so much and Mama was all they had. Pulling Alvie over to the sofa, she sat her sister down. Doing the only thing she could think of, Prea grabbed the book of old tales, Mama’s favorite, off the shelf and sat down next to her sister. Opening the book to her mother’s favorite passage, the story of Aylin and Ciro, she started reading out loud to Alvie until she fell asleep. When Prea could no longer keep her own eyes open, she drifted off, her head resting against her sister’s. 
Her father had found them hours later, leaning against one another, asleep. He lightly nudged her shoulder, “Prea? Prea, honey, wake up.” She woke sleepily as Alvie stirred beside her. 
“Papa? What happened? Is Mama all right? What about the baby?” 
Alvie woke at the sound of Prea’s voice. “Papa?” He had looked odd; a mixture of disbelief, fear and relief visible on his face. 
He looked at them with gentle eyes. “Everything is fine. Mama and the baby are sleeping now.” He sat down on the floor in front of them with head in hands. The girls shared a glance before they realized that Papa was crying. 
Fear trickled in again as Prea asked, “Papa, what’s wrong? You said Mama and the baby were fine.” 
It had taken him a minute before he was able to speak, “They are fine, now. But we almost lost them both. We did lose them for a few minutes.” He paused, choking back tears. “I was sure there was nothing for Doctor Locke to do. But somehow he managed it. He brought them both back. By the heavens, they’re alive and sleeping upstairs.” Relief washed over her, through her, as Papa scooped them both up into a bear hug. “I’m sorry, my girls, I’m still a little in shock over it all. Come, let me introduce you to your baby brother.”
Papa had led the girls into his room quietly, so they didn’t wake either of them. At the cradle, they peered down at the tiny pink bald baby sleeping peacefully. He was so small, smaller than she imagined. Prea couldn’t believe that he was there, that he had survived everything. But he did. Her little brother was a survivor. She looked up at her father, saw him watching her baby brother sleep, an expression of pride on his face. “We’re naming him Carr. It means fighter.”
* * *
Knock-knock. Knock-knock. Someone was knocking at her door. Why would somebody be knocking at her door? Prea was confused, hadn’t she just gone back to sleep? She slowly got up and strode to the door, opening it. Alvie’s blue eyes were staring back at her. 
“What are you doing, Alvie?” 
“It’s late. You’re usually back from the cliffs by now,” Alvie informed her. That got Prea’s attention and she walked over to the window, yanking the fabric away and saw that the sun had broken free of the horizon. How was this possible? She was always up at dawn, always out on the cliffs to watch the sun rise. She never slept in. 
Prea turned back to her sister in the doorway. “Is Carr up?” 
“I was just about to wake him,” Alvie said as she studied her older sister. “Prea, are you feeling all right? You never sleep this late.”
“I’m fine. I—I had a bad dream. It woke me in the middle of the night,” she answered distractedly. “I’ll go wake Carr.” 
“Okay,” Alvie said as Prea passed her in the doorway. She watched Prea knock on Carr’s door before heading back downstairs. 
The lingering edginess from the dream was finally fading as Prea got breakfast for her brother. The dream couldn’t have been any further from reality. Carr was a light in her life and he always brought her out of sadness and despair. He was overly energetic this morning, it seemed, but Prea was unusually grateful for his bubbling personality as it had lifted the rest of her uneasiness. Carr was giggling and playful, pulling Prea into his optimistic joy. 
* * *
The day had gone by quickly, Prea thought, as she exited the schoolyard, Carr trailing a few feet behind. They were heading straight home this afternoon, the sky above threatening to call forth rain any minute. A storm seemed to be brewing off in the distance, causing Prea to regret oversleeping. She couldn’t remember the last time she had missed dawn on the cliffs; cold and snow didn’t even stop her, though she didn’t stay out as long. She could call on the elements, the sun, moon and stars at any time, she supposed, but it just didn’t feel right unless she was overlooking the bay.
“Come on, Carr, we need to be heading home.”
He hurried up until he was walking alongside her. “The sky looks angry. Is it going to storm?”
“I’m not sure. It looks like it, though,” she responded. “We’ll have to go out as soon as we get home and gather the vegetables.”
“What about Papa?” Carr asked. “Will he be okay in the storm?”
“I’m sure they’ll be fine. They’ve been in storms before. They know how to handle themselves.” 
Although she remained optimistic for her brother’s sake, storms were always a concern with her father out at sea. As they arrived home she put her things away, took a basket from the kitchen and walked around back to the garden. Alvie was a miracle worker with the earth; they were able to grow most of their food and whatever excess they had, they sold. She had been at it for years, and now the garden spread from the rear of the house almost to the tree line. She’d had a connection to the earth, it seemed, since birth. 
Nature was a very powerful force; it could be both supportive and destructive. The Reed children had learned from their mother at a young age to respect the earth and the elements. Prea had learned to work in harmony with nature, lest she feel its wrath.
Prea gathered all of the ripe vegetables, bringing them inside and starting dinner. There was something comforting in this daily task, though she was still watching the sky darkening out the window. She could hear Carr upstairs playing and didn’t think there was a happier sound in the world. 
Papa and Leal would be home any day now and she couldn’t wait. When Prea first met Leal three years ago, she had been quite surprised. Her father didn’t bring people home with him on his voyages and this was a first. Papa had been gone for months, making a trip to northern Delmar on the western coast of Valtera. She was seventeen at the time and had been without her mother for two years. Prea had just started her teaching job and was taking care of a fourteen-year-old Alvie and a five-year-old Carr. 
Carr had been a real handful; he was finally old enough to understand where Papa was and noticed how long he was gone. It was hard to contain his energy, though Alvie helped somewhat. Her oldest friends Beda and Dal helped as well; Prea couldn’t have done it on her own. She was tired and grateful for her father’s return. Alvie and Carr had gone to the docks when word came in that they were arriving, while Prea was busy at home making dinner. 
Their arrival had been boisterous and joyful, as Papa had come into the house carrying an excited Carr in his arms. Prea couldn’t recall the last time her sister had smiled that big and she had stood, tears in her eyes, as she greeted her father.
It had been a long time since she, herself, had felt that much happiness. Papa had released Carr, letting him slide down to the floor, before he stepped forward, embracing his eldest daughter and holding her tight. The tears slid down Prea’s face as she clung to her father; right now in his arms, she wasn’t an adult or responsible for anything. She was just his little girl. When she opened her eyes once more, she got her first look at Leal standing in the doorway behind her father. 
He was leaning against the doorway, a smile spread across his face. Her glance locked onto his kind hazel eyes, and she felt an immediate flutter within her. Finally pulling away from her father, she said, “Papa, it’s so good to have you home. I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you too, Prea.” He turned, beckoning Leal into their home. “Prea, I’d like you to meet Leal. He came back from Delmar as one of the crew. Leal, this is my eldest daughter, Prea.”
“Welcome. It’s nice to meet you,” Prea said, stepping forward.
“The pleasure is all mine,” Leal greeted, taking Prea’s hand in his.
Leal couldn’t have come into Prea’s life at a better time. It had been two years since her mother had passed; two years of increased responsibility, two years of raising a child. She had begun to feel burned out and overworked. Her father was home for as much time as was possible, but it was not nearly enough in her opinion. Leal made Prea feel young again. He took her mind off the responsibility, the work, the stress. He gave her his attention and affection, eventually his love. 
Back in the reality of her kitchen, Prea continued to watch the storm forming in the distant sky. She had his love now, had had it for a while, that was without question. She would always have his love; their connection could never be broken. His presence, on the other hand, was desperately needed. 
Prea finally had a moment to herself which was something of a rarity. She untied her hair as she strolled into the sitting room, looking for a book to read. Prea was relaxed, reading as she heard a knock at the door. Who could that be? Alvie should be home soon, but she wouldn’t have to knock. She rose; that feeling was back in her stomach, down in the pit, as she crossed the room towards the door. Time seemed to be moving slower than normal. Her hand turned the knob, opening the door slowly.






CHAPTER 3


Dal stood in the doorway, his black hair, pale skin and dark clothing making him look striking and dangerous, the opposite of the man she knew standing before her. Her second oldest friend was the sweetest, kindest person she knew. His expression caused dread to pool in Prea’s stomach; her mouth went dry. 
“What are you doing here, Dal?” she asked, not wanting the answer. He didn’t have to say anything, Prea knew what he was here to tell her, knew it in her bones. She just didn’t want the confirmation.
With tears in his own eyes, his voice coated in sadness Dal said, “Prea…We got word down at the docks.”
“No,” Prea interrupted, holding up her hands and stepping back. “Don’t say it. Don’t…say…”
“The…your father’s ship…it went down. There were no survivors. I’m so sorry.” 
“Nooo,” Prea moaned, spinning around as her world suddenly lost all meaning. “Nooo. This…can’t be happening. This…” It was as if the air had been sucked out of the house; she couldn’t breathe. 
She bolted past Dal and out of the house, escaping into fresh air, hoping there was something she could do to change all of this. 
“I need to get to the cliffs,” Prea muttered as she ran. “Maybe if I say Mama’s spell…”
“Prea, where are you going?” Dal called as he ran after her. His long legs allowed him to catch her quickly and he pulled her to a stop. “Prea!”
“Let me go, Dal,” Prea demanded softly, clutching her chest. “I can’t breathe. I need to go.”
“You need to stop,” Dal ordered and grabbed her by both arms. “Prea, I’m so sorry.”
“No. This can’t be real,” Prea argued, struggling against Dal’s grip. She was only twenty years old. “This has to be a dream. Dal, tell me this is a dream.” She stared at him with desperate eyes and only found tears and pity looking back at her. 
“It’s not a dream, Prea. I wish it was. I wish this wasn’t real, but it is. I’m sor…”
“Stop saying that,” she ordered, gasping for air that never seemed to come. “Stop. Saying. That. I just need to get to the cliffs.” She was losing control, the world was still spinning and her eyes pricked with tears. Now that she was no longer moving, her strength vanished and her legs buckled.
Dal caught her before she could fall and they collapsed to the ground together. He held her as she cried for her father, cried for Leal. Papa had been gone for a lot of the last five years since Mama passed, but it didn’t matter. He was her father, her protector, her guide. He held her to a higher standard and made her a better woman. All she ever wanted was to make him proud. And now he was gone. 
“Prea, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” Dal whispered against her hair.
	When Prea felt she could cry no longer, she pulled away. But the sudden realization she had known, that feeling in the pit of her stomach, brought on a fresh wave of tears. Her father was never coming home; she would never see his ship on the horizon. There would be no more secret conversations, no more promises. And Leal…her Leal was gone. There would be no wedding, no house or children. 
The air and ground were cold, but her pain and grief didn’t allow her to feel it. She was still sobbing in Dal’s arms when she heard her name being called. Not now, Prea thought, annoyed that she couldn’t even grieve in peace. 
“Prea?” Carr called. “Prea, where are you?” She didn’t answer and Carr eventually found his way out the open front door. “Prea?”
He stopped in his tracks when he saw the two of them on the ground in each other’s arms. “Prea, what’s the matter?” he asked suspiciously, eyes narrowed at her shrewdly. He was quite intuitive and could sense more than most adults. 
“Cricket, it’s Papa. He…they…the ship went down. Papa and Leal are gone, Carr.” Prea stood and moved to her little brother whose young, beautiful face crumpled.
“But they’re supposed to be back soon. Leal was…going to…take me fishing.” Kneeling down, Prea hugged him close. 
“I know, sweetheart. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Carr started sobbing, his breathing quickened, and his coughing began. His panic and despair made the fit worse and he could barely gasp in shallow breaths. 
“Carr, you need to breathe,” Prea ordered sharply. She knew what this felt like having just experienced it. Carr just shook his head. “Cricket. Cricket!” Prea cried and tried to lightly shake him out of it. His body went limp and he fell to the ground. 
“Dal!” she yelled, trying to cushion her brother’s fall, but she wasn’t in a great position to  help. 
Dal rushed from his spot behind her. “What happened?”
“He fainted. He might have hit his head.”
“I got him,” Dal said and extricated Carr from Prea’s grasp, hauling him up off the ground. 
“What do you want to do?” Dal wondered quietly.
“Ugh.” Prea shook her head, trying to clear it. It didn’t work. 
“Prea?”
“Uh. Bring him upstairs. We’ll put him in bed. He’s going to be exhausted when he comes to,” Prea answered, noting she was exhausted as well. She followed Dal as he climbed the stairs and placed Carr on his bed before heading back down. Prea waited until her brother’s eyes flickered open and he looked at her in confusion. “It’s all right, cricket,” she said, pushing his blond curls off his forehead. “Just rest now. I’ll check on you later.” Prea tucked him into bed and he fell right to sleep.
Standing in the doorway, she watched him sleep for a minute. Oh, how she would love to be young again, when your mind couldn’t comprehend the sadness and the grief. Closing the door, she returned downstairs to Dal. Prea found him in the kitchen, cleaning up what was left of her cooking. She had completely forgotten about dinner. He was boiling water in the kettle and had chamomile tea waiting on the counter. 
“Thank you, Dal,” she said, incredibly grateful that he was here.  
They both turned, hearing the front door open. “Here we go again,” Prea said grimly. She went to go greet her sister, instead she found Beda who rushed over and embraced her. 
“Oh, Prea. I’m so, so sorry,” she cried. Prea thought she would cry again, but it appeared she had no more tears. She held on, clutching the sturdiness of her oldest friend. When Beda finally released her, she clasped Prea’s face in her hands. Beda’s cool grey eyes locked on to Prea’s, silently assessing her state of mind. Beda eventually broke the silence. “I love you, Prea. I’m here for you. Always.” 
Prea hugged her tight one more time. “I love you too, Beda. Come, Dal’s making tea.” 
Beda and Prea sat at the table while Dal poured them some tea. “Hello, Dal,” Beda said, glancing at him. She returned her gaze to Prea, “Word’s getting around town. I’m not sure if the news has reached the infirmary or not. Have you heard from Alvie?” 
Prea blew on her tea, lowered her mug. “No. We’re waiting for her to get home. She should be here any minute.” 
Beda looked around. “Where’s Carr?” 
Dal answered for Prea. “He’s asleep upstairs. He fainted when Prea told him the news.”
“Is he all right?” Beda asked, concerned. Prea and Dal nodded. 
They sat in silence, Prea and her two best friends, together under the worst circumstances. She looked from one to the other, from fiery to dark, with their sad eyes staring back at her. They had been with her for as long as she could remember. And, as they had shown countless times before, they were here with her now. 
The door opened again not much later as Alvie arrived home. She rushed into the kitchen, taking them all in. She looked from Dal to Beda, before turning her gaze towards Prea. “What’s going on? People were whispering and staring at me when I was leaving the infirmary. And everyone avoided me on the way home.” She paused. “Prea?” she asked anxiously. 
Prea stood. “Alvie…” she said consolingly. She could say no more before her younger sister bolted upstairs and slammed the door to her room. Prea needed to do something and poured herself another cup of tea. 
Beda sat and studied her friend. The two had known each other for a long time and she had been there when Prea’s mother had died. Beda could typically read Prea pretty well, but right now she had no idea what her friend was thinking or feeling. “Prea, how are you so calm?” Beda wondered.
“I have no idea. I feel like I’ve cried my eyes dry,” Prea said quietly. She paused and shook her head. “Now it just doesn’t seem real. I don’t know how long it’s going to take for me to look out onto the bay and not expect to see their ship on the horizon.” 
“You’ll get through this,” Beda assured her and lowered her voice. “You’ve done it before.”
“But this is different, Beda. Who am I supposed to turn to? What if I make a mistake? What if I can’t be everything for Alvie and Carr? They need parents. All three of us need our parents.”
“You’re more than enough for them,” Dal replied quickly. “None of my brothers would have done what you did if it had been my family. Alvie and Carr are lucky to have you. And you’re not alone.”
“That’s right. You’re not alone. Dal and I will help you,” Beda promised. “We’ll help all of you get through this.”
“I’m not even sure what you’ll be able to do, if you’ll be able to help at all.”
“We’ll do whatever you need,” Dal answered simply. 
“I don’t know what I’m going to do.”
“What you’re going to do is focus on the present,” Beda instructed matter-of-factly. “You’re not going to look to or worry about the future. You’re going to focus on the task at hand. And right now you just need to rest and drink your tea.” Beda turned away from Prea. “Dal can you go check on Alvie and make sure Carr’s still asleep?” she asked, taking charge. 
Dal nodded and left the room. He returned a little while later. “Carr’s still out and Alvie…well she’s going to try to get some sleep.”
“Thanks, Dal,” Prea added. 
Prea didn’t say anything for a long time, just sat at the table with her friends who were now her family. “We were finally going to set a date,” she murmured, her voice breaking. She could barely get the words out. “Leal had promised that we would set a date for the wedding after he returned. He was going to ask Papa for his blessing while they were out at sea.” Beda stroked her hair soothingly. 
“Oh, Prea…” 
The tears Prea thought had dried up, ran freely again as she cried for her lost love.






CHAPTER 4


That feels lovely, Prea thought, feeling the sun’s warmth caress her face as rays cut through the bay’s sea breeze while they wait at the docks. Today’s the day. She can see their ship on the horizon and Carr is jumping up and down with excitement. Alvie is waiting just as impatiently. Papa and Leal should be disembarking any minute. She can’t wait to see his face again, his chestnut hair blowing and his golden eyes gleaming like the sun as the smile spreads wide across his face. Their eyes lock and she can’t help herself. She runs down the dock towards him, into his strong arms. He grabs her tight, holding her close, embracing her with unconditional love. 
Prea’s eyes flew open and her lungs gasped for air, but she couldn’t breathe. The sudden return to her reality threatened to consume her. Prea looked beside her, grateful that Beda and Dal had stayed with her and were now slumbering softly in her bed, still wearing their clothes from yesterday. But right now, she just wanted to be alone. She slipped out of bed, padded silently down the stairs, and headed for the cliff wearing her sleeping clothes and nothing else. Once her feet hit the cold ground, she ran through the trees, falling to her knees at her spot on the edge. 
“I can’t do this…I…can’t,” she choked on her despair, sobbing freely. “Leal…I miss you so much. How am I…I can’t live without you.” She folded in half, clutching the earth in both of her hands, trying to cling to something tangible as she drowned in her grief. “You were supposed to protect each other,” Prea yelled, tearing earth from the ground. “You were supposed to return to me, safely.” She tossed the earth into the bay. “Both of you.” 
Staring down at her empty, dirty hands, she wept until there was nothing left. Exhausted, Prea laid her head on the cold, hard ground and closed her eyes. 
She was alone. All of her guides, her advisors and mentors, were dead. Who was she going to turn to? Now she had no one. There was just emptiness inside her. She had lost her faith with Papa and her hope had gone with Leal. 
She wasn’t sure how long she lay there, trying to escape the truth that she would never again see the two men she loved most. The rising sun had done nothing to warm her curled up frame. 
Prea heard Beda and Dal calling her name, but she ignored them. She didn’t want to talk, or think or feel. She just wanted it to be over. Their voices were getting closer, clearer through the trees. 
“Prea,” Beda screamed when she saw her friend’s prostrate form and ran to her side. She pulled her into a sitting position, rubbing warmth back into her hands. “Prea, you’re frozen. What are you doing out here? We have to get you inside.” 
Prea shook her head, avoiding Beda’s eyes. “No. Just leave me.” 
“It’s Carr,” Dal said, coming up behind her. It was all he said; it was all she needed.
Her head snapped up. “What’s wrong?” 
Dal took her hands from Beda, pulling her up from the frozen ground. “He’s coughing again. Alvie won’t come out of her room and we can’t get him to stop. You’re the one he wants.” 
Prea’s mind sharpened as she hurried back to the house. “Where is he?” 
“In his room,” Dal answered. She was much too tired to deal with this, but she had an idea as she entered through the door. Grabbing a book, she took the steps two at a time. 
The sight of Carr’s face as Prea ran into his room was a shot to her heart. There was panic and anger on his little face that morphed into reluctant relief when he saw her. 
“I’m here, cricket. Don’t worry, I’m here.” She pushed his hair out of his eyes and stroked his cheek. “Come here,” she instructed, sitting him down on his bed. Opening the book to the page she wanted, she placed the book in Carr’s hands. “Here. Read this out loud. Read it to me.” 
Carr looked at her through tears, before turning his eyes to the words on the page. It was the book of old tales opened to the story of Aylin and Ciro. The whole book was a connection to their mother, especially for Carr who had few actual memories of her, but this story in particular made everyone in the family feel better. He stammered through the first sentences as Prea rubbed his back soothingly, but gained traction the more he read and by the time he finished the story, he was breathing easy.  
“You weren’t here. I needed you and you weren’t here,” he said accusingly. “Where were you?”
Prea pulled Carr onto her lap and held him tight. “I’m so sorry. I was…It doesn’t matter. You don’t have to worry. I’ll be here; whenever you need me, I’ll be here.”
How could she be so selfish? Her grief and despair had her forgetting about her siblings, her responsibilities, the promise she had made. I’m so sorry, Mama, Papa. I promised you both I would take care of them. I promised. I won’t let you down, she proclaimed silently.
“What happened to your hands?” Carr asked sometime later, his head against his sister’s. 
Prea pulled away looking at her hands as well. “I was angry with the earth,” she said sadly. It was the only reason she could summon. A ghost of a grin crossed her face when she heard Carr’s stomach rumbling. “How about we get you some food, cricket? Come, let’s see what Dal and Beda are up to.” 
The two found her friends in the kitchen talking quietly, as they entered the room. “Go on,” Prea said, nudging Carr towards the table. She needed to confer with her friends. 
Beda looked at her, concerned. “How are you, honey?” 
She took a deep breath. “I’m fine at the moment. You two should go home. You have work and need to get back to your lives. We’ll be all right for now.” 
Beda looked at Dal, then back to Prea. “Are you sure? We don’t have to leave.” 
“No,” she assured them. “I have everything under control right now. And I need to deal with Alvie.” 
Dal nodded. “All right. Just let us know if you need anything and we’ll be here.” 
“I know,” she said hugging them each tightly for a minute. “Thank you both.” 
As they left, Prea stood in the kitchen and felt numb. She couldn’t stand around and do nothing, however. Carr needed food and she had to check on Alvie. “Carr, are you hungry? Let me get you some food.”
“Yes, I’m starving.”
“Okay. How are you doing?” 
“I’m fine. Shouldn’t Papa and Leal be home soon?” he wondered.
Prea’s head snapped up at his question and she turned to look at him. His golden curls were tangled, but his face was calm and untroubled. He was simply waiting for food. It was as if last night never happened.
“Cricket. Papa and Leal…their ship went down. They’re gone.” Prea moved over to the table, patting Carr on the back. “Papa and Leal are with Mama now.”
“No. That’s not true,” Carr exclaimed, his voice rising in anger. “They’re supposed to return any time now. You’ll see.”
She was dumbfounded and didn’t want to argue, so she finished the food and set a plate down in front of Carr. She outfitted another plate and took it upstairs. She hesitated outside Alvie’s room, unsure of what she would find behind the door. Prea raised her hand and knocked lightly a few times. She paused again, waiting for some response. Nothing. Prea knocked again and announced she was coming in. Her sister was lying in her bed, facing away from the door.
“Alvie, sweetheart, I brought you some food,” Prea said softly as she entered.
“I’m not hungry.”
“You need to eat something,” Prea persisted.
Alvie was silent. Prea put the food down on her bedside table and sat down on the edge of Alvie’s bed. She laid a hand on her sister’s arm and could now hear her crying quietly. “Sweetie.”  Alvie pulled her arm away from Prea. 
“Just leave me alone, Prea. I don’t want to eat. I don’t want to talk. Papa’s gone and he’s never coming back,” Alvie yelled.
“Alvie…”
“He left us and got himself killed,” she screamed. “So just leave, Prea.” 		
Prea stood quickly, as if Alvie had slapped her across the face with the force of her anger. She left her sister crying in her room, the interaction leaving light tears rolling down her own cheeks.
She was in charge of two children who needed their parents and didn’t have them. Prea was all they had and she had no idea what she was going to do. One was in denial, one was angry and she was lost. She didn’t know what to do, but that didn’t matter now, did it? Prea couldn’t let her parents down; she had to stay strong. She had made promises to both of them and she always made good on her promises.






CHAPTER 5


The sea was dark and choppy, waves crashing against the base of the cliffs behind the Reed home. The first signs of day inched over the distant horizon, blotting the inky sky with warm splashes of light. The wind whirled around her and Prea’s hair danced on the sea breeze. She wrapped her sweater tight around her body in defense against the crisp morning air as she stood in her usual spot atop the rocky edge, looking out into the nothingness that was the ocean. It no longer held her hopes and dreams; the sea symbolized nothing for her anymore. It just reminded her of an absence that could never be filled. 
Yet it still pulled, calling her to this very spot. She took comfort in the immensity of the ocean; it meant there was something in this world that matched the enormity of her loneliness. It was time to go back inside, but she was having trouble moving from her current position. Just as the sea called to her, she felt equally unable to leave, compelled to stay right where she was. Deep down, a part of her was still waiting, hoping that none of it had really happened, that it was all just a dream.
“Prea?” Carr’s voice called through the trees, making her turn away from the trance-inducing ocean. For the second morning, she had let herself get wrapped up in her own emotions and had forgotten about the two people asleep in her house beyond the trees.
Prea turned back to the rising sun, breathed deep once more, and, with all her might, unglued her feet from the ground. “Until tomorrow,” she whispered to the sea and walked away from the cliffs.
Prea crossed into the strip of forest separating their house from the ocean and immediately felt closed off from everything. The cliff and sea left her open, allowing her to feel whatever she needed to feel. But the safety and security of the trees reminded her to be guarded, to protect herself from whatever was to come. 
“Prea?” Carr called again as she shuffled through the trees. 
“I’m coming, Carr,” Prea responded, the leaves shaking on the limbs above her head as the breeze weaved through the forest. She clutched her sweater close with her left hand and held her right hand out, letting it brush lightly against the bark of the neighboring trees. The familiar scratching against her fingertips calmed her mind and body as the musical chirping grew in the high boughs above her.
Prea caught sight of her brother waiting on the far edge of the copse behind a tree, peering into the woody landscape. She exited the forest a few feet from where Carr stood, his back facing her. 
“Carr,” Prea murmured, trying not to startle the boy. A jolt sent him jumping back, spinning around to meet her. “Come on,” she prompted, holding her hand out to him. He crossed the few feet between them, grabbed her outstretched hand in his and they walked back to the house together. 
She had decided that she wasn’t going to push Carr to acknowledge or accept the reality of their situation, not directly at least. He was in denial, that was abundantly clear and she wasn’t going to feed that denial. But she wasn’t going to force him out of it either. 
The two spent the morning together, eating breakfast and reading stories. They did not see or hear Alvie for hours while she remained in her room, ignoring any interaction with her siblings, though that wasn’t such an unusual occurrence in their household.
As the afternoon wore on, Alvie resurfaced and joined them downstairs still wearing the dress from the last time Prea saw her. She was weak, tired and hungry as she stumbled through the house and into Prea’s waiting arms. Alvie leaned against her sister and Prea held her tight, providing the only comfort in her possession.
“Alvie,” Prea whispered into her ear as she stroked her sister’s silky toffee hair. Their embrace lasted a long time as Prea tried to say everything without speaking because she didn’t have the words. She pulled away and held Alvie’s face in her hands, brushing the stray strands away from her puffy, red eyes. 
“Sweetheart, how are you doing?” Prea asked, tears growing again in her own eyes. Her sister’s pain brought her own back to the surface, but Prea knew she had to be strong for her family. She blinked once and the tears spilled, streaking down her face. A deep breath in and the emotions were quickly buried before they could erupt and make things worse. 
“I’m exhausted…and hungry,” Alvie murmured as Prea led her into the kitchen. 
“Sit down and I’ll make you something to eat,” Prea instructed. “How about some tea?”
“Yes,” Alvie sighed and sat down at the table. “That’s fine.”
Prea gathered some food, brewed some tea and watched her sister closely. Alvie was so different, her personality quite the opposite of Prea and Carr’s, which resulted in the distance between them. They didn’t really understand each other.
“Aren’t you angry?” Alvie asked out of nowhere.
“Angry?” Prea wondered, confused.
“Angry at Papa for dying.”
Prea stilled for a moment. They hadn’t actually talked, mainly Alvie just yelled. “No, I’m not mad. Lost? Scared? Empty? Yes. Angry? No. At least not right now. Papa didn’t choose to leave us. He was doing his job, doing what he loved and what provided for his family. He didn’t want to leave us.”
“I don’t know what to do without him, Prea. He understood me. I didn’t have to say anything, he just knew. He was my Papa,” Alvie said, crying renewed.
“Oh, Alvie,” Prea muttered sadly. She moved over to her sister and brushed the brown hair behind her ear. “I don’t know what to do either. But you’re not alone.”
“Why did this happen? We already lost Mama, why did we have to lose Papa, too?”
“I don’t know. Maybe the universe has bigger plans.” She didn’t really believe it, but she thought it might help to say it. There had to be a reason, otherwise it hurt too much. 
“If you believe that, you’re crazy,” Alvie replied quietly. 
Prea ignored that comment and set the steaming mug down in front of her sister, placing a plate of food beside it. “Here you go.”
“Thanks.”
Prea played with her fingers, fiddling as she tried to figure out what she wanted to say. “I was thinking that we could go out to the cliffs at sunset…and say goodbye. I think it would be good for us,” she muttered. 
Alvie’s head jerked up in surprise at her sister’s statement. “I…I don’t know about that,” she stammered softly, shaking her head. “I’m not sure I can handle that.” 
Prea reached across the table and squeezed Alvie’s hand. “Sweetheart, you’re never going to be ready to do it, none of us are. Who knows? Maybe it will help some. And we’ll all be together.”
* * *
Time dragged on, afternoon shifted to early evening and the sun began its descent. The sisters returned to the kitchen dressed in purple, the color of mourning. It was an odd feeling, dressing up to say goodbye to those they loved and lost, but each did it in the way they felt most comfortable: Prea in a tunic and trousers, Alvie in a dress. 
The two set out to gather and prepare for the night’s ritual. “Can you get some bay laurel and rosemary?” Prea asked Alvie as they stepped outside. Alvie nodded. “I’m going to get some periwinkle.”
Once back inside, Prea and Alvie placed their haul onto the kitchen table. Alvie retrieved some twine while Prea created three separate bunches, each containing a bit of the three herbs. 
“We have bay laurel for communication with the dead and protection. We have rosemary for purification and happiness. And we have periwinkle for immortality,” Prea said quietly as they tied the bunches together, one for each of them. Once they finished, it was time.
“You ready?” Prea asked her sister, picking up two of the bunches and handing the third to Alvie. 
“I’ll never be ready, not really…” Alvie’s voice trailed off.
“Cricket?” Prea called as she walked to the door. “Come on, we’re going out to the cliffs.” Her brother came running at the sound of her voice.
“Why are we going to the cliffs?” Carr asked on the way. 
“We’re going to say goodbye to Papa and Leal,” Prea explained, leaving Carr very quiet. As they reached the edge, Prea handed Carr his floral bunch. They stood shoulder to shoulder with Prea in the middle, flanked by her younger siblings. Carr was nervous and twitchy, fidgeting to Prea’s left, clearly uncomfortable with the situation. In stark contrast, Alvie was frozen in place to Prea’s right. They stood at attention as the sea breeze swirled while the splashing and crashing of the water below echoed around them. 
Silence ensued as Prea found she couldn’t bring words to her lips. She closed her eyes for a moment and felt the wind kiss her cheeks, took comfort in the strength of the earth beneath her feet and let the sounds of the sea and sky fill her mind. She steeled her heart, opened her eyes and spoke on the breeze, “Papa, you were everything I could ask for in a father. You were loving, kind, strong and helped me become the person I am today. I miss you so much. I miss your guidance, your hope, your faith.” Her voice broke only once as the tears flowed again and she looked up into the darkening sky. “I know you’ll always be there, a light in the darkness, watching over me and I just hope I can make you proud. I love you.”
Carr stayed, but his discomfort grew the longer Prea spoke and, once she finished, the boy threw his bunch of flowers into the sea and darted back to the house. 
“Carr…” Alvie turned and called after him.
“Let him go,” Prea ordered, looking over her shoulder. “He’ll have to face it eventually.” Her head spun back to the sky and sea as she continued. “Leal…” Her voice caught in her throat. “You saved me…you brought hope and vision and light back to my life; you helped me live again. I miss you so much. I love you…I’ll always love you,” Prea finished and raised her arm, palm up, clutching the bay laurel, rosemary and periwinkle. As another breeze blew from behind her, she uncurled her fist and let the sprigs slip from her fingers.
Prea watched the sprigs float on the salty air as they dipped and drifted on their descent down to meet the sea’s clear surface. Her hand came down to rest at her side before she clasped her sister’s free hand and held it tight. Alvie’s grip returned the pressure, her chest rising and falling fast as her breathing quickened. Alvie’s mouth opened and she choked on a sob. “Papa, I miss you so much. You were the best father…you understood me. I don’t know what I’m going to do now that you’re gone. I love you, Papa,” Alvie cried on the cliff’s edge. The plants fell from her hand, bouncing on the ground before dropping off and tumbling into the vast blue ocean. 
The two Reed sisters, one light-haired and one dark, clad in the violet shade of mourning, embraced each other in their grief under the darkening sky while the wind howled and the birds sang goodnight. 






CHAPTER 6


Silence filled the night as the moon rose over the sea to the east, its reflection washing the water’s surface in silver brilliance. Time continued in the darkness as the other side of life was awoken, rising from their daylight dormancy. A snowy white owl soared across the star speckled sky and landed on a high bough behind the Reed home. As midnight neared, the air stilled, the branches froze and the sea calmed as the moon reached its apex in the black sky. 
Time stopped; an indistinguishable occurrence in the late hours of night. The owl alone withstood the brief suspension of time; its only noticeable movement was the blinking of its glowing golden eyes in the darkness.
The moon began to fade in the west as the sun ascended in its place. The pure white feathers of the owl ruffled in the wind when the magnificent bird spread its wings and took flight in the gleaming morning sunlight. It hooted once in farewell before disappearing over the treetops. The owl’s lonely call drifted down through the air and window into Prea’s bedroom, pulling her out of her dreaming state. She climbed out of bed, crossing to the window as she stared into the world waking outside. Prea watched as the sun rose, just as it did every day, as the animals and birds and wildlife stirred in greeting of a new day. The world did not stop, time did not stop, because her family had lost people they loved. 
Without thinking, Prea’s body and feet moved the familiar path of her morning routine, ending in her usual spot on the precipice. She did as she always did, coming back inside only when the sun was fully above the horizon. That was the end of normality for the morning, as Alvie was not there greeting her as she returned. Prea climbed the stairs, looking for her siblings.
Outside Alvie’s bedroom door, Prea knocked and waited for an answer. Nothing. She opened the door slightly and stuck her face through. “Alvie? I was thinking of taking Carr to school today and maybe staying myself. It might be a good idea to go into the infirmary for a little bit. Get your mind thinking of something else.”
“I don’t know, Prea,” Alvie groaned beneath the covers. “I’ll think about it.”
“All right. Please do, think about it. You don’t need to go in for a full day. Just get out of the house some,” Prea said, stepping back and closing the door quietly. She moved down the hall towards her brother’s door, hesitated, then knocked. 
“Cricket?” Silence. “Carr?” Prea asked softly, opening the door. Still there was nothing but silence. She slipped past the door and entered the room. Her brother’s back faced her, body under the covers, unmoving. Her heart beat faster as a jolt of panic shot through her; no stirring, no movement. Prea rushed to his bed, grabbed his arm and shook him. 
“Carr?” Prea called anxiously. She pulled him towards her so he was lying on his back. His eyes did not open, his mouth did not move, his body remained fixed. She continued to shake him vigorously, desperate to rouse him. 
“Alvie!” she screamed. Prea moved instinctively and put her ear to his face and listened; he was breathing, at the very least. Alvie ran into the room, the panic in Prea’s voice bringing fear into her own eyes. “He won’t wake,” Prea cried. “He’s breathing, but he won’t wake up.”
Alvie pushed her sister out of the way and began to examine Carr. She was all business and checked his pulse, his breathing, his temperature. Everything seemed normal, but he remained unconscious. “Prea, go get the doctor. Hurry,” Alvie ordered calmly.
An enormous feeling of déjà vu overcame Prea’s senses as she fled down the stairs and out of the house, running as fast as she could to the doctor’s door. Reaching the entry, she banged her fist against the solid wood. 
“Doctor Locke? Doctor Locke?” Prea yelled just as she did eight years ago. “Doctor Locke, it’s Prea Reed. Please come, something’s wrong with Carr.”
The door opened suddenly, throwing Prea off balance and she almost fell into the good doctor. “What’s happened, Prea?” Doctor Locke inquired hastily, leading Prea into the street as they hurried back to her house. 
“I don’t know. I went to wake him this morning and he wouldn’t open his eyes. He’s alive, but nothing wakes him.”
“I’ll have to examine him before I make any determinations about his condition,” Doctor Locke instructed as they crossed the threshold of their destination and rushed upstairs. Alvie leapt out of the way as the doctor arrived. 
“I’ve checked everything Doctor Locke: his pulse and breathing are steady and normal, but his body is limp and he has no reactions or reflexes to stimulants,” Alvie advised. 
Doctor Locke listened as he went to work, examining the small boy who lay still in his bed, blond curls a halo around his head. Alvie was positioned at the ready beside the doctor, prepared to help with anything he needed. Prea, on the other hand, was pacing back and forth in front of the door. Nothing changed; no matter what the doctor did, Carr did not move, did not wake.
Eventually the good doctor backed away from Carr and stood, pausing before turning to face the sisters. His grey eyes were bleak and perplexed and he looked at them as though they were small children. “I can’t find any explanation…any cause for his unconsciousness. He is a perfectly healthy eight-year-old, except for the fact that he won’t wake. We can try some herbs, poultices and such, but I’m not sure they will do much good. I’m sorry, girls, but we will just have to wait and see what happens,” he explained sadly, patting both Alvie and Prea on the shoulder before leaving them be. 
* * *
A faint sound swelled to a shrill whistle, reverberating loudly within Prea’s ears, shocking her dull senses back to her sharp and present reality. The water was boiling in the kettle and Prea was gazing out through the kitchen window towards the forest but wasn’t seeing the trees; in fact, she wasn’t seeing anything. The window perfectly framed the blur of the natural world in her eyes.
Prea’s foggy mind was confused as she picked up the kettle and poured herself a cup of tea. When did I put the kettle on? How did I get in the kitchen? Prea asked herself, looking around the empty room for something to trigger her memory. This was happening more and more; she had no concrete memories of the past week, since her brother had slipped into unconsciousness. As her tea steeped, she racked her brain trying to summon anything from that time. Alvie had spent the days searching the infirmary for any information, herbs or potions, any cure for what ailed Carr. 
There was a brief knock at the door, then Prea heard soft footsteps heading in her direction. Beda entered the kitchen, her red hair braided over her shoulder, concern shining in her eyes and a sad expression on her face. Beda simply walked over to her friend, her skirt swinging, and hugged Prea with all the love she possessed and Prea returned her hug with all the strength she could conjure. The old friends parted, still clasping each other’s arms as Beda scrutinized her friend’s face, searching for answers. “How are you doing, Prea?” Beda asked softly. 
“I’m lost, Beda,” Prea confessed, looking away and out the window. “I don’t know what to do anymore. We’ve tried everything and nothing’s worked. He’s just lying up there, unmoving.” Tears welled in her eyes, but she willed them not to spill over. “He’s just a little boy.” 
“I know, Prea, I know,” Beda whispered before dragging Prea and her tea over to the table where she slumped into a chair. Beda watched her friend closely, unsure of how to help or what to do. “Prea, you managed when your mother passed and Carr was practically still a baby, you’ll manage now. You’re stronger than anyone I know. You’ve raised that little boy and you’ve done an amazing job.” 
“Really?” Prea argued quietly. “I’m pretty sure that, right now, I should be categorized as a failure.”
“You are not a failure,” Beda assured her. “You’ve done the best with what you’ve been given. You were a fifteen-year-old girl left with a crying three-year-old. Not to mention a depressed twelve-year-old. What do you think your parents would have done differently if they were still here?”
“I don’t know. But they were older, wiser, had more experience. I was a kid. Good heavens, I’m still a kid. Now I have the weight of the world on my shoulders and I’m afraid all I can do is sink. What if I can’t fix this?”
“Since when do you talk like this? This isn’t you. Doubt isn’t a part of your vocabulary.”
“How can I have faith after all that’s happened, Beda?”
“I don’t know, Prea. You’re the one who tells the rest of us to trust and have faith. That everything happens for reason.”
“What possible reason could be behind all of this?”
Beda sighed. “Only the heavens know that, apparently.”
“Well, I wish they’d share some of their plans with me.”
“Don’t we all,” Beda muttered sarcastically and Prea’s eyes narrowed. “You can’t give up. You will find something. You just have to keep looking.”
“I don’t even know where to start,” Prea murmured.
“What have you tried so far?” Beda wondered.
“I don’t really know, to be honest. Alvie’s been doing what she does best: herbs, potions, salves, anything she can think of. I’ve done a few of the healing rituals Mama used to do when we were younger.”
“Okay, that’s good. I have to go, but maybe you need to try things outside of the infirmary and medicinal books,” she suggested. “It’s just a thought. You’ve always been better with…‘other’. I’ll come by and check on you later, all right?” Beda rose, kissed Prea on the head and left. 
Her mind started click, click, clicking. They had tried everything logical, everything related to health, medicine and the infirmary. Now it was time to look at the illogical. Prea jumped to her feet and hurried into the library. There were hundreds of books; the entire family loved to read. There were some that Prea could rule out as completely irrelevant, but there were more that held possibilities. 
Her mind sharpened with the options as she sat down on the floor and cracked open the first book. The familiar scent of old paper and leather filled her nostrils as dust puffed up into her face, making her sneeze. As soon as the dust settled, she went to work, on a mission to find a cure for her brother.






CHAPTER 7


Books were everywhere, surrounding Prea in the library; they were opened, closed, cracked, upside down and right side up. She had been at it for days, reading every book inside the Reed household: history, science, geography, legends and lore, she had read it all. And still she found nothing. Her eyes were red and puffy with strain and exhaustion from the continued reading so Prea was taking a break. She sat cross-legged on the floor, her back against the sofa and played with her hair. The sinking feeling was returning, the one signaling her lack of hope in the existence of a cure for her brother. 
She didn’t want the despair and hopelessness to take root and pull her down. That would help no one; not her, nor Alvie and especially not Carr. In her time of need, she dug through the mountain of books beside her and found the one that always made her feel better. She knew the book by heart, having heard it a thousand times during her childhood. It was the book of old tales; the one that regaled the beginning of Valtera, the magic of the land and the power of the heavens. It was the legend, the story of Aylin and Ciro. 
Prea pulled the book into her lap, running her fingers over the embossed leather cover. This book had been passed down through her mother’s family for generations; no one truly knew how long it had been. She cracked the well-worn spine, parting the delicate pages so they opened to the story she sought. The weight of the book in her lap calmed her nervousness as she began to read the story of her childhood. 

Though their love had combined and resulted in many children and grandchildren, the man and woman wanted to leave a token of their love on the Earthly plane. When the man and woman from the heavens felt their time on Earth was coming to a close, they performed a ceremony. In this ceremony, they imbued a stone with a little of their essence, melding their love and powers together for eternity.

She had read that passage hundreds of times, maybe even thousands, and never thought much of it. But reading it now felt different. Prea believed the story was true as she had been taught her entire life; that Aylin and Ciro came from the heavens and lived in the land of Valtera. She believed in their powers, in the spell and the existence of the stone. This was the right path, the answer to all of her problems. 
The stone held the powers and essence of the sun and the moon, everlasting entities, which meant it held immortality. She didn’t know if it could be done, but maybe there was some way to use the stone and its powers to save Carr. It didn’t take long for the seeds of hope and determination to bloom deep within her soul. She stood, gathered the books splayed out around her, and put each back in its rightful place. She knew her course, knew what had to be done, now she just had to find out how. 
Prea brought the book with the story back into the kitchen and sat down to study its contents. The story was familiar, but she had to dissect every tidbit of information if she was to determine where the stone might be hidden. She poured over the pages, consulted the history of the land and tried to find some correlation between the two. But she didn’t even know where to start; Alvie would be better at this, Prea thought, she’s the intelligent one. Her hope started to wane as the day went on and she was no closer to finding an answer in the words. 
Discouraged, Prea retreated to her bedroom and welcomed the solace and comfort of sleep. Her mind was still alert, thoughts racing around trying to find some meaning in the jumbled mess that was her life. Her muscles relaxed, the tension slowly seeping from her body and her mind followed, thoughts fading into unconsciousness. 
* * *
Out of the darkness came a blaze of light, blinding her where she stood. Her hand rose, shielding her eyes from the glare. When she opened them again, she had to blink several times before the black dots receded from her vision and, when she could see clearly once more, she had to blink again to make sure what she saw was real. The scene was still there when her eyes opened, but she couldn’t believe it. She had never seen anything this beautiful in her entire life. 
Grass created a plush blanket beneath her feet as she wiggled and curled her toes between the green blades. The grass curved around the edge of a stone courtyard in the middle of a mountain valley where the stones glowed white in the gleam of the sun, reflecting beams of light all across the space. The air was pure and held a lightness that could only be found in the heavens, the musical chirping of birds sweet in her ears. On the opposing side of the courtyard was a building carved into the solid rock face at the base of the mountain. As she bathed in sunlight and watched the courtyard, three children ran out onto the stone floor kicking a ball around. 
The three boys, clad in simple white tunics and trousers, played as their golden curls fluttered in the wind. Lyrical laughing filled the air as two little girls appeared, skipping hand in hand, gracefully avoiding their brothers. They wore white dresses as they wandered around picking and smelling the colorful array of flowers dotting the courtyard. The children giggled and squealed a sound of ethereal joy, the boys romping around as the girls danced. When the happiness turned to fighting, two beings finally emerged from the rock haven.
They were dressed similarly to their children, their white clothes on the verge of blending seamlessly with the color of their skin. The man called to his children, warning them to behave as they should. The children continued, though, as if nothing happened, and the man shook his head in exasperation. Children will be children, nothing in the universe would change that. The man and woman moved with the grace of angels to a bench in the courtyard as they sat holding hands and watched their children play. Their eyes glittered with pure joy and their smiles beamed with never-ending love. 
The image faded, the light changed, darkness fell and when light came once more, the scene was no longer the same. The courtyard still shone in the sun, but only the song of the birds traveled with the breeze. The shadows of the man and woman were visible at the other end of the courtyard in the entrance to the rock cavern. She unglued her foot from the swaying ocean of grass and stepped onto the smooth surface of the stone. 
Prea crept to the center of the courtyard, attempting to get a better view of the couple; she still couldn’t see and moved closer until only a few feet separated her from the magnificent pair. They were facing away from her, still dressed in white. The woman’s long waves of hair cascaded down her back, now pure white like her skin and dress. The man’s curls matched hers. They stood in front of a wall carved with their likenesses reaching out towards each other. 
A hush fell as the woman raised her hand, palm up, and held it there as she muttered something and waited as a beautiful stone appeared out of nowhere, resting lightly on her skin. And in this moment, Prea witnessed the two place the stone against the wall, whisper a few words and pull their hands away leaving the stone set into the rock. They turned to look at the valley, to capture everything one last time and commit it to memory forever. 
They were so close; if Prea reached out her hand, she could almost touch them. They were elderly now, yet still stunning, their skin seeming to glow slightly in the light; bright blue eyes the only color on their faces now. A silver tear trailed down the woman’s face, as they walked towards Prea, walked through her. She turned, her gaze following the lovely couple; within a few seconds, the couple’s image drifted and faded as they returned to their home in the sky. 
* * *
When morning finally came, Prea woke with renewed hope in her heart. It wasn’t the first time she had seen something, but it was the first time she had seen something useful. Everything had been confirmed in her dreams, and, though most people would think nothing of a dream, Prea believed in its truth. She rushed back to the book and flipped to a page with a map of Valtera. The dream had answered the most important question: the stone was hidden in the mountains. The land of Valtera was divided into five cantons, each representing a cardinal element. She lived in Alder, the canton with the most trees and the one that represented the earthly element. 
The River Nairne and the Bay of Aldin separated Alder from its neighbor Nodin to the south. Nodin was all grassy plains, allowing an unobstructed surface for air and wind. The canton of Egan was located in the southwest, a land of hot weather and sandy earth. Delmar encompassed the western third of Valtera, where most of the land was dominated by rivers flowing through wet marshlands with inlets around the coast. Lastly, the canton of Rodor bordered Delmar and Alder in the north and represented the ether element, its hilly terrain providing a clear view of the sky.
Mountains ran across the center of the island from north to south, cutting the land in half. People could only pass by the northern coast of Rodor or the southern coast of Nodin and Egan. No one had crossed the mountains anywhere near the middle, the peaks were too high. 
But Prea knew for a fact that the stone was hidden somewhere in the mountains. That was her first clue; she could use the story and the poem to determine the course and path to make it to that final destination. She would need to figure out a few of the other directions before she left, but some could wait until she was on the road. Inspiration sparked and the map to the stone seemed to piece together in front of her eyes. She didn’t know where it was all coming from, be it instinct or intuition, but Prea knew what she needed to do and where she needed to go. 
There wasn’t any time to be wasted; she had made up her mind and now she had to prepare. She rushed up the stairs where she dug out a large backpack and started assembling the necessities. 
“What should I take?” she wondered, never having left her home. Being a geography teacher, she knew the land in theory. Terrain and weather would change, hot to cold and everywhere in between. She would need to pack for everything, every situation she could think of, yet still make it manageable. 
“I’ve watched Papa pack for his trips hundreds of times,” Prea muttered. “But he also had a ship which provided relief from bad weather. I’ll only have a bag.”
“Let’s see, I don’t know how long I’ll be gone. We’re in spring and the weather will only be heating up. But I’m heading to the mountains where it’ll be cold. So layers,” she finally determined and started searching through her clothes. Boots, shirts, sweaters, one of her father’s jackets. Prea gathered it all on her bed, then moved on to the kitchen, pulling out the densest and longest lasting food they had. 
“I’ll be able to stop in some towns, replenish things.” Papa and Leal had told her about many of their trips: what they did, where they went, what they used and took. But knowledge was only so useful without experience. 
The more she looked for things to pack, the faster her heart beat and an internal war began in her mind.
Am I crazy? the doubt asked.
“Very possibly,” she answered herself. There was so much to do, so much to think about. She took the food and returned to her room, laying it all out on her bed with her clothes. It seemed like an impossible task. She didn’t know how long it was going to take, how far she would have to go or if she would find what she sought. “But I know the stone is real. I know where it is. And I know how to get there.” For the most part, she added silently.
How are you going to survive? the doubt persisted. You don’t know what you’re doing.
“I’ll figure it out,” she said through gritted teeth. “I can do this. I have to do this.”
What about Alvie? the doubt wondered.
“Alvie,” Prea muttered. Her sister had never been left alone, never had much responsibility or worry in life. Prea had taken all of that on alone. She wanted her sister to remain a girl for as long as possible. Alvie didn’t deserve to be abandoned, left alone to fend for herself. “But what about Carr?” 
The doubt didn’t have an answer for that. She paused in her packing and went to check on her brother. Prea watched him, frozen in his bed, being kept alive with fluids, herbs and nutritional solutions. Alvie was taking care of him. There was nothing Prea could do for him here, just watch and pray. It was agonizing. She moved to his bedside and held his hand. 
“I’m scared, cricket,” she whispered. “You’re supposed to be driving me crazy, annoying Alvie and being our little brother. You’re supposed to be awake and healthy.”
She waited, ridiculously hoping that her words would have some miraculous effect. Nothing happened. “I’m going to save you, Carr. I’m going to make this better. I’m going to make everything better.”
Prea released his hand and kissed his forehead before leaving. 
	It took the better part of a day to collect all of the important items, and it took the rest of the day to determine what she really needed and what she could live without. The doubt continued to fight her resolve as the rest of the world passed by outside. Prea noticed none of it. 
“What are you doing?” Alvie asked out of nowhere, causing Prea to jump out of her skin.
“Good heavens, Alvie, you scared me half to death,” Prea choked out as her hand registered the crazy beating of her heart through her chest.
“What are you doing, Prea?” she repeated without emotion.
“I’ve found a cure for Carr, but I’m going to have to leave for a little while to collect it.”
“What are you talking about? There’s nothing in this land that can help Carr. We don’t even know what’s wrong with him,” Alvie argued, doubt evident in her voice. 
Prea looked away. “It’s nothing medicinal or herbal. It’s the stone…the stone from the story of Aylin and Ciro,” she stammered.
Alvie’s jaw dropped. “That is a legend, Prea. It’s just a story. It’s not real. You’re chasing a fairy tale. What are you going to do, just leave me here alone with Carr?”
“You know very well it’s true,” Prea countered. “We have an entire book full of proof downstairs.”
“That isn’t proof. It’s just a bunch of stories. It’s what Mama’s family believed. That doesn’t make it true.”
“You can’t still think that after all these years?” Prea argued.
“That’s exactly what I believe.”
“You didn’t always,” Prea reminded her quietly. “You used to believe it all.”
“Well, things change. I grew up and realized that magic and fantasy don’t fit into reality.”
“So this is about Mama?” 
“No. This is about you abandoning me while you go on a ridiculous quest for a magical cure.”
“Where do you think it all comes from?” 
“Where what comes from?” Alvie asked confused.
“I know you feel it. We all feel it. Mama did, I do. So do you and Carr. The power. The energy from nature, the land, the elements. Where do you think your skills with the earth and healing abilities come from? It comes from your lineage, your ancestors.” Prea paused and Alvie made no move to speak. “You know it’s the truth.”
“That’s beside the point,” Alvie countered. “Power, abilities, magic. None of them are going to help Carr.”
Tears welled in Prea’s eyes. “Alvie, do you think I want to be doing any of this? No. But Carr needs my help and I will do  anything I can to save him. I have to. I would be doing the same thing if it was you,” she explained, looking her sister square in the eye. “You’ll be fine. You can handle yourself and we’ll move Carr to the infirmary so he won’t be alone. I’m going to ask Beda to move in here and make sure Dal checks in on both of you so you’re not alone. Everything will be all right, I promise.”
“Everything is far from all right, Prea,” Alvie retorted bluntly. “We’ve lost Mama and Papa and our brother is lying unconscious down the hall. And now you want to go gallivanting off who knows where searching for a mythical object that doesn’t exist.” 
Prea looked at her sister and saw her again as the child she still was. Alvie had been given two more years where she remained blissfully unaware of the stresses of reality. Now she was seventeen and Prea was putting her in an unbelievable situation, abandoning her when she had no one else. But it couldn’t be helped; Alvie had to grow up so that both sisters could give Carr the rest of his own childhood. 
“It does exist. I know it. I’ve seen it. I don’t want to leave either of you, but I can’t do anything here. You can. But out there is a possibility, something that I can do. I can’t keep sitting here, waiting. The two of you are all I have left and I’m not going to lose another person I love. I can’t do that. I won’t. You may not believe in the story or the stone, but I’ve never let anything happen to you in your life. Do you trust me?” Prea asked.
“Of course I do, Prea,” Alvie answered immediately. “But you’re talking crazy.”
“Then you have to trust that I know what I’m doing. And I do. I will bring the stone back and I will save our brother,” Prea proclaimed. “Then everything can go back to normal…or whatever normal will be then.”
Alvie spun on her heel and walked away from her older sister and Prea let her go. She could hate Prea all she wanted, but something had to be done and she was the only one left to do it. 






CHAPTER 8


“You’ll understand someday why I’m doing this. When you have your own family, you’ll understand it’s your job to keep them safe, to watch them live and grow and become their own person. You’ll want to give them the best life possible,” Prea explained to her sister. “That’s what I’m doing, Alvie; my job is to keep you and Carr safe. The two of you have your whole lives ahead of you. I’m trying to protect that.”
Prea embraced a speechless Alvie one last time in the doorway of their home. She pulled away from her little sister who was no longer a girl, but an impressive woman, albeit a little naïve. 
“I’ll be back soon, Alvie, I promise. And when I get back everything will be better and Carr will be awake and happy,” Prea said in farewell as she turned and walked away without another glance.
She met her friends outside Beda’s family’s shop which was on the main road leading out of Beech. The salty fog rolled off the bay and past the docks, creating a creepy haziness as if everything was shrouded in a gauzy white film. The sun was still low in the sky, just peeking out over the horizon like a mischievous child. The sea breeze was crisp and heavy with morning moisture and the wind rustled, as Prea came face to face with Beda and Dal just outside the door. Horses weren’t especially her forte, so the plan was just to go on foot through Alder until she reached the border town of Colter and passed into the land of Rodor.
Her friends looked wary and confused at their current situation, their eyes narrowing as they took in the large pack over her shoulders. 
“What are we doing here, Prea?” Beda asked, breaking the silent tension between the three. “You tell us to meet you here at dawn but don’t tell us why. Out with it, Prea,” Beda added bluntly.
Prea looked from Beda to Dal, suddenly scared to tell them. They won’t understand, Prea thought, they’re just like Alvie. “I’m leaving for a little while. I’ve found something that can help Carr, but I have to go retrieve it personally,” she replied vaguely.
“You found out what’s wrong with him?” Dal asked surprised.
“What is it?” Beda added.
Prea hesitated, trying to find the words. “We…didn’t find out what’s wrong with Carr. He’s still the same,” she began quietly, hands clutching the straps of her pack as she stared at her feet. She took a deep breath. It’s now or never, she thought, and spoke before she could talk herself out of it. “I’m going after the stone from the story of Aylin and Ciro.” She waited for the uproar. 
Unlike her sister, Beda remained silent after her declaration. On the other hand, Dal just laughed. “Are you crazy? You’ve never left Beech and now you’re going to just up and leave, going who knows where? You won’t survive a night on your own.”
“I can handle myself,” Prea argued, taken aback by his reaction. He was never this direct. “I know what I’m doing.”
“No, you don’t. This is my family’s business. My brothers are stationed in posts all over Valtera, receiving and relaying information, news and anything else. All they do is travel. And you know that. What’s your plan? Do you even have one?”
“Yes, in fact, I do,” Prea responded indignantly. “I have a plan, I have a map, I know where I’m going,” she added, though the last was a bit of a lie. 
“How do you even know the stone’s out there?” Dal wasn’t going to let this go. “How can you be sure you’re going to find it? And what about your family?”
“Dal, stop attacking her,” Beda interjected sternly. 
“What?” Dal demanded, turning on Beda. “She’s going to get herself hurt or lost or worse. What are Alvie and Carr supposed to do then?”
“You could trust her,” she countered softly, acting as the middleman. “Prea’s not stupid. And she’d never do anything to hurt her family. Or us, for that matter.”
“I know that,” he argued.
“Enough!” Prea exclaimed, quieting her friends who both turned to face her. “Do you think I want to leave Alvie and Carr alone? Do you think I want any of this? I wish to the heavens and back that I didn’t have to do this. That I didn’t have to deal with any of this.”
“Prea…” Beda interrupted.
“You two are my family. You know that. But there are only two people left in this world that are my flesh and blood. I can’t lose another person I love. I won’t survive it. So, yes, I’m leaving even though I’ve never left before. Because I have to. I don’t have any other choice.”
“All right, Prea. What do you need us to do?” Beda offered finally. 
Prea released a low hissing breath when she heard the words she most wanted to hear. Beda trusted her and her instincts completely; they had known each other forever and the two had long ago come to a certain understanding. 
“We moved Carr to the infirmary so he’s always being looked after, but I don’t want Alvie to be alone in the house. Beda, it’d be great if you could move in. If not, can you both stop in now and then to check on her? She’s angry with me, but I don’t want her to feel alone. She already accused me of abandoning her and I don’t want her to be right,” Prea directed.
“Okay, we can do that,” Beda assured her as Dal remained silent. “Right, Dal?”
Prea’s gaze turned to Dal who had his arms crossed over his chest, a look of stern reproach on his face. Beda looked at him too and nudged him in the ribs with her elbow as his silence stretched on. 
“Right, Dal? We can do as Prea’s asked,” she prodded. He looked from Beda to Prea before staring out into the fog past her. 
He didn’t answer and her heart beat harder every second the silence dragged on. “Dal?” she asked, unsure of him for the first time in her life.
He sighed and looked to the ground. “I don’t like it and I can see how Alvie thinks you’re abandoning her, but I’m not going to stop you. You have reasons for doing what you’re doing and I trust you,” he said and lifted his eyes to hers. “We’ll take care of Alvie and Carr,” he promised. “Which way are you going?”
“I’m taking the crossroad all the way to the Rodor border,” Prea answered. 
“All right. It’s not a well traveled road, but you won’t get lost. You’ll pass through a few towns before you make it to Colter at the border. Rest in all of them. Take your time and regroup while you’re there, with food and preparations. It’s always better to have some sort of plan and more supplies than you think you might need, better that than not enough.”
“Okay. I can do that.”
“Hurry back.” Dal stepped forward and pulled her into his arms, holding her tight.
“I will, I promise,” Prea whispered. “Thank you, Dal.”
“Be safe,” he replied, grabbing Prea’s face in his hands and kissing her lightly on the forehead before he walked off into the fog.
“Don’t worry, Prea. I’ll stay with Alvie,” Beda said. “We’ll keep them safe.”
Prea laughed a little without feeling. “There’s no such thing as not worrying when you’re a guardian to children. Worrying is all I do.”
“Well, they will be safe while you’re gone,” Beda said as she brushed hair out of Prea’s face. “I love you, Prea. Be safe.”
“I love you, too,” Prea whispered and hugged her friend tight in farewell. 
* * *
The sun was full and blazing as Prea reached the outskirts of town and she stopped to take one last look at her home. Her life had become unrecognizable these last few weeks and it seemed it would never be the same again. A new phase had begun and she had no choice but to follow whatever came next. After a deep steadying breath, Prea turned her back on the town and set forth into the unknown. 
She moved west until she reached the crossroad that cut all the way through Alder to Rodor. There were a few towns along the way, but for the most part it was just forest. It didn’t take long to cross into the dense woodland that occupied the majority of the land in Alder. The entwined web of leaves and branches above caught most of the light, only allowing a few rays to creep below to the forest floor dotting the dirt road with pools of dancing light.
She walked for hours, stopping occasionally for rest or food. It was the first time she had ever truly been alone, with no distractions and only her thoughts to keep her company. Her friends and family had always been with her, around her, in her life. It was an odd feeling and it only exaggerated the emptiness she already felt. 
Animals, birds, wind and land helped calm her mind as she let instinct take over. She didn’t want to think or feel and, now that she was alone, she was dangerously close to losing it again. Prea tried to keep her mind blank as she focused on the sound of her footsteps on the ground, but no matter how far she traveled she never came across anyone else. Only when the light began to fade did she think about stopping and making camp for the night. 
Prea hesitated for a moment as her heart skipped a beat, looking up and down the road in both directions, ensuring she was indeed alone before moving into the woods. Twilight gave the forest a spooky feel and the air chilled, sending a shiver across her skin as she cautiously made her way through the surrounding trees. She only ventured far enough to be out of sight.
After slipping her pack off her shoulders and propping it against a tree, Prea began searching the area for kindling. Fire was a familiar element, used for cooking, heating and bonfires back home. Her skills were…unconventional, but she was not incapable. She had a way with fire and, more importantly, she had a firestone. Her only problem was finding the correct wood to use.
Alder was full of many different trees and this forest was no different, but it was ultimately unfamiliar. It was frustrating and took more time than she would ever admit, but eventually Prea got a flame to ignite. And it took all of her skill to keep it alight as she settled in to her first night on the road.
Immediately she pulled out the food from her pack and rationed a little off for the night, given she had no idea how long it would take to reach the first town. And after dinner there was nothing. 
The dark encompassed her, with the flames providing the only light and small amount of warmth around her. Cold and quiet were her only friends, expanding the loneliness surrounding her. Pulling her knees to her chest, Prea focused on the fluidity of the flames. The unrelenting movement calmed her, slowed her breathing, lulling her into a sense of safety. 
A branch cracked, the sound echoing through the air and her head snapped up, her pulse began to pound. 
“What was that?” Extending quiet was the only available answer and the longer it lasted, the more she relaxed. 
She stoked the flames and started to drift off, leaning back against a large tree. It was hard to get comfortable between the uneven ground, the rough bark and the unnerving atmosphere. Uneasy rest came and went, but sleep never truly found her. Before long a howling cry filled the night, waking her abruptly and she jumped up in surprise. The fire had started to wane, but her eyes scanned the darkness looking for the source of the noise. 
Her blood began to freeze as icy fear swept through her. The forest back home felt different: comforting, friendly, welcoming. But these woods were home to creatures both large and small. And many creatures at that. She was far from alone, surrounded by things she could hear but not see. 
Prea’s stomach twisted and she suddenly felt sick, her mind racing with all the possible fears in the world. “What have I done? What have I gotten myself into?” Another sound echoed through the trees, but it was indistinguishable and that frightened her even more. 
“What have I…what have I…what…” Her lungs would not fill, the air insubstantial and unsustainable. It seemed impossible for her to get a handle on her breathing and the world began to spin. “I can’t do this. What…what was I thinking?”
Prea fell to her knees and her hands shot out as the ground continued to sway. Her heart beat faster, blood pulsing loud in her head as her panic rose until she was crying in the darkness. And she couldn’t stop.
“Why didn’t I listen to Dal? He knows what he’s talking about. I never…I never should have left.”
The fire almost burning out provided a much needed distraction from her panic and, as she worked to keep it alight, her nerves finally began to calm. Sleep was the furthest thing from her mind, but she forced her gaze to remain on the fire. The tears dried up as she focused on the flames, watching them grow and move, letting reason come back. “But Carr needs this. He needs me to do this.”
* * *
Dal checked the infirmary at first chance, then the Reed home, but found Alvie wasn’t either place. There was only one other place she could be. He turned the corner around the back of the house and found Alvie kneeling in her garden tearing weeds from the ground. 
“What are you doing out here?” Dal asked and saw Alvie jump at the sound of his voice.
“The house is empty,” she answered as if this was sufficient explanation. Beda had yet to move in. 
“I know. But why are you out here?”
“Because the house feels like a graveyard,” Alvie yelled, standing and throwing weeds to the ground. “They’re all gone, but I can still feel them. Like an echo. But it’s not comforting. It’s excruciating.”
The wind blew Alvie’s hair and she brushed it back with dirty hands.
“I’m here,” he said quietly.
“Yes, you’re here. My sister’s friend is here, but she isn’t. How could she do this to me? How could she leave me here alone?” She was screaming now and kicking at the ground where she loosened a stone beneath the dirt. Alvie snatched the rock and heaved it towards the woods with as much strength as she could muster. “She abandoned me!” Alvie turned back to Dal. “I hate her, Dal,” she managed through gritted teeth, her body still vibrating with pent up rage. “I hate her.”
“I don’t agree with her choices, Alvie. But I know Prea has only ever done what she thought was best for you and Carr. Like when she made sure your life didn’t change much after your mother passed. You might not be able to trust her right now, but you can trust me. I’m here for you. Know that.” They stared at each other until Alvie saw the sincerity in his eyes. “Now how about I stay with you while you attack some more weeds,” Dal suggested with a hint of a grin.
“All right,” Alvie answered after a moment, before she returned to the earth and the task at hand.
* * *
It wasn’t easy, but Prea managed, walking as long and far as her feet would carry her in a day. Even though fear kept sleep away once darkness fell, it only took about a fortnight before she reached the small town of Ashton. The entire town encompassed less than a mile of the road, with a row of buildings on each side. Can you even call that a town? Prea thought absently. Well I wouldn’t know, would I? Her feet were sore, her legs burning, her exhaustion unbelievable and, when she reached the inn, she almost cried in relief when she crossed the threshold. 
Prea was greeted by a rather portly innkeeper with ruddy cheeks who sat on a stool, the legs of which appeared as though they could buckle at any moment, leaving the innkeeper in a heap of splintered wood on the floor.  
“Well, hello there. How may I help you?” said the innkeeper warmly. 
“Good day, sir. I am in need of a room for the night,” Prea answered politely.
“A room we have,” the innkeeper replied and took her money, before leading Prea up the narrow stairs to a door by the landing on the third floor. “Here you are, miss. If you need any help just holler.” He laughed. “Let’s see, what else? Ah, the inn is joined by the tavern next door when you’re in need of food. Enjoy.”
Prea let her pack slide off her shoulders, down her back until it finally rested on the floor.  Surprised that she was still upright in her condition, Prea dragged her feet as she shuffled to the bed where she collapsed on the soft pad and closed her eyes. 
Two weeks out in the elements, two weeks without a bed and she was on the verge of tears when a building came into sight. How was she going to make it the rest of the way? She was weeks away from her destination, possibly months. It was becoming a more daunting task the further she journeyed. But those were just faint murmurs in the recesses of her mind as her exhaustion yielded a dreamless sleep.
Hours later, Prea woke to find night had fallen and she walked to the window in her room overlooking the road below. The sky was dark, the moon not yet at its peak, which gave her an idea of the current time and she watched the barren road as she stretched out the kinks in her tight muscles. A fierce low rumble grew in her stomach, forcing her gaze away from the window. Prea quickly brushed out the ratty mess of hair on her head and pulled it back so it was off her neck before going in search of something to pacify her hunger.
Faint sounds floated upwards as Prea stood on the third floor landing and closed the door to her room. She silently descended the creaking stairs and snuck past the innkeeper who was back on his stool, snoring lightly as his head rested against the wall. 
Prea padded outside to the next building and entered the small town tavern, stopping in the doorway at the sight of so much wood; wood walls, wood floors, wood tables and a wood bar. There were a few patrons inside; some individual customers and a group of rowdy men were drinking pints in the corner. The door closed behind her, bumping her completely into the tavern where a young man by the bar signaled her to sit down. 
“Pick anywhere you’d like, miss. I’ll be right with you,” he said.
Prea nodded and took a seat at an empty table in the middle of the room. She looked around, suddenly nervous about being alone in the company of these strangers. This was the farthest from home she had been in her whole life and she was uncomfortable with her loneliness. 
The young barkeep came over. “Hello miss, what can I get for you?”
Her frayed nerves lessened a little as she looked into his kind face. “Could I get some water, please? And do you have any vegetable dishes?” Prea asked softly. 
“Sorry, miss. Could you say that again?” he asked as Prea was distracted by the hoots and hollers directed towards her from the drunk men in the corner. She couldn’t really make out what they were saying, but she didn’t think she wanted to know.
“Oh, could I have some water and do you have any vegetable dishes?” she repeated louder as she tried to avoid fueling more comments. 
“Uh…” he said as he eyed the men in the corner for a moment before turning back to Prea. “We have a vegetable soup.”
“Yes, that will be wonderful. Thank you,” Prea replied politely. She looked around at the other individual patrons who all happened to be men. She was now acutely aware of the fact that she was the only woman in a room full of men and her vulnerability was blatantly obvious. She sat quietly and minded her own business as she waited for her dinner. But soon she was interrupted when one of the loud men came over and sat down right next to her. 
“Well, hello there beautiful. What’s your name?” the man slurred into her ear, so close she flinched. “Don’t worry, love. You have nothing to fear from me. My name is Almer. What’s yours, darling?”
His heavy breath was warm on her bare neck and the stink of ale on his lips made her queasy. She tried to stay as calm as possible, but she had no experience in these kind of situations. 
“My name is Prea. It’s nice to meet you,” she said, keeping her voice steady and hoping that politeness would be enough. 
“Well, Prea, you should come over to my table and meet my friends,” Almer said, moving to brush a strand of hair from her face. This time, she not only flinched but deliberately moved her seat away from him. 
“That’s a very kind offer, but no thank you. Take no offense, but I’d much rather be left alone,” she answered firmly. 
“You don’t need to meet my friends. We can just stay here, just the two of us. Let me buy you a drink,” Almer insisted, moving towards her and leaning in. 
Prea held her ground; she did not move away, but straightened her spine and sat up as tall as she could. She turned, looked him dead in the eyes and spoke clear as day. “I do not want a drink. I would like to be left alone. Please, leave me be.”
“Oh beautiful, you don’t want to be alone. Just let me buy you a drink,” he repeated and she was now afraid that he would never leave her alone. His advances were unwanted and she could not get rid of him. 
“No,” Prea exclaimed. “Please…”
A bowl was set down on the table in front of her, along with a glass of water. She looked up and saw the friendly face of the young barkeep standing before her. 
“She asked you to leave her alone,” he said to the drunk Almer. “Go back to your friends or I’ll have to ask you to leave.”
Prea kept her eyes on her food as a rejected Almer rose clumsily and reluctantly turned to his table of friends in the corner of the room. He would not leave quietly though, and when he passed behind her, he trailed a finger along her shoulder. Prea shivered. As soon as he walked towards them, the rest of the men burst out laughing at their defeated comrade. But Prea kept her eyes on her food. 
“Are you all right, miss?” the young man asked quietly.
“Yes, thank you,” Prea replied. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t let them give you any more trouble,” the man declared and walked away, leaving her staring at his retreating figure in grateful appreciation. 
Unbeknownst to her, the whole exchange had caught the attention of another of the tavern’s patrons. The man sat alone, silently debating whether or not to intervene. Like the young barkeep, this man kept an eye on Prea for the rest of the night.
Prea ate as quickly as was humanly possible without choking and finished her soup in record time. When she was ready to leave, the young barkeep walked her to the door, collected her payment and wished her goodnight as she left. 
That other interested patron watched Prea leave, his eyes following her through the window as far as he could, knowing there was only one place for her to go.
Prea returned to her room at the inn, making sure no one saw what room she entered. The whole exchange in the tavern had rattled her more than she had let on. There was more to worry about than she first thought. Now she was finally getting an idea of the dangers a young woman could come across while traveling alone. 
She locked the door and pushed the lone chair in front of it. It wouldn’t do much good against an intruder, but it gave her a little more peace of mind. In spite of her worry and fear, her exhaustion had her falling asleep as soon as she climbed into bed and her head hit the pillow.
* * *
Dawn rose and so did Prea, setting out on foot heading north on the road, leaving Ashton behind her. She moved quickly as she attempted to put as much distance between her and those drunk men as physically possible. Her advantage was in waking early; she would be gone long before they woke and safely on her way. 
The road looked the same; the dirt path, lined with trees and covered by branches and leaves. It stretched out in front of her, going straight for miles before making a turn. It must have been hours since she left when a sound in the distance stopped her in her tracks. She wasn’t alone on this road anymore, she could sense it; the hairs were rising up on the back of her neck. 
A look over her shoulder confirmed there was no one else on the road, but she could still feel a presence. She listened closely for any more sounds of footsteps or hooves in the distance, but there was nothing. Prea didn’t have time to listen long when she was grabbed from behind and dragged into the woods. She didn’t even have time to scream.






CHAPTER 9


Prea’s back was being forced against the rough bark of a tree. A young man was pressed up against her front, immobilizing her and his hand was covering her mouth, effectively silencing her. She panicked and struggled against his hold, glaring up at the man’s face, into eyes the dark blue of the night sky, waiting for him to release her. He appeared to be listening for something or someone else. 
“Please forgive me. I don’t mean you any harm. We need to get out of here,” the man said, loosening his hand on her mouth. 
“Get…” Prea tried to scream before her mouth was covered again. 
“Please don’t yell. There are men following you. I heard them talking at the inn in Ashton. We have to get away from the road,” he explained quickly. 
So far, he hadn’t hurt her or done anything inappropriate. And there was sincerity in his eyes. He was listening again and this time they both heard the faint clip of hooves against ground in the distance. He turned his eyes back to her and Prea nodded silently as her heartbeat began to race in time with the echoes of the enemy horses. He released her, grabbed her hand and they immediately started moving. “Quietly, quietly.” 
He moved swiftly and efficiently through the brush and trees. The man’s lengthy stride made it hard for Prea to keep up, despite him holding her hand. They moved almost silently through the forest for a few minutes before they began to slow. Eventually the two came to a stop, the road nowhere to be seen from their position and the stranger released Prea’s hand. 
She studied the young man beside her; he was tall with wavy bronze hair, angular features cut into his face save for a softness around his eyes and mouth. She stared at him silently, waiting expectantly for an explanation for his sudden and drastic interference in her life. 
He turned back to Prea, facing her. After a moment of studying her in return, the man began to speak quietly. “I meant everything I said before. I was staying at the inn in Ashton as well, and after you left I overheard some men. They were talking about a girl traveling alone…about following her…catching her…and…” He looked away. 
“I don’t understand,” Prea said confused. Kael looked at her pointedly. “Oh…you mean…they were…they were going to have their way with me.” She shivered from the memory of Almer’s unwanted touch the night before. 
“Yes. I was leaving at the time myself and I know the area. I thought I could get ahead of them through the woods and reach you first. I wasn’t going to let them hurt you when there was something I could do about it.” He paused. “I’m Kael, by the way. Kael Farron,” he said, holding his hand out towards Prea. 
She was no longer frightened, but grateful for his assistance. She didn’t feel any ill will coming from him, quite the opposite; she felt something, maybe safe again. All Prea knew was she could trust this Kael Farron. 
“I’m Prea Reed,” she said, grasping his outstretched hand.
Kael and Prea waited where they were in companionable silence. They were safely away from the road, but that was also the problem. Given it was out of their line of sight, they were unaware of whether or not the men had passed by yet. For Kael, it might not have been a problem, but Prea didn’t know how to find her way without the road. 
Kael broke the quiet. “So Prea, where are you headed?”
“I’m going north towards Rodor, ideally through Colter. But I don’t know my way except for the road,” she said by way of explanation.
“Even if you knew the way, I’m not sure you should be traveling alone. I’m heading that way myself. I can get you to Colter and I can do it through the woods, if you’d like?” he offered. 
Her friends would probably think she was crazy, but Prea knew that Kael could get her to Colter. And safely. “That would be great. Thanks.”
Kael steered them deeper into the woods in what Prea could only assume was a northerly direction. They were situated on the left side of the road which cut across the center of Alder. West of the road, the land rose first in hills then to mountains toward the center of Valtera. East of the road, the forest was virtually flat all the way to the coast. As long as they remained at the base of the hills, they could follow that line all the way to Colter, theoretically at least. 
They traveled for a while in silence with Kael leading the way while Prea lagged behind, the uneven terrain causing her problems. It wasn’t exactly awkward, but it wasn’t comfortable either. It seemed they both were waiting for the other to start the conversation. 
Kael finally spoke. “So Prea, what has you journeying to Colter?”
“Uh.” What should she say? How much should she tell? “I have business in Rodor that I need to attend to,” Prea answered vaguely. 
He looked back at her for a second. “Really? What kind of business?”
“Personal,” she said simply. She had already spent quite a lot of time arguing with her friends about what she was doing, she didn’t want to do it with strangers. Plus, it was her business and hers alone. No one else’s. And he had yet to earn any other information.
“All right. Don’t tell me,” he said unconcerned. “Where did you start out from?”
“Uh, Beech. It’s right on the Bay of Aldin.”
“That’s far. How long have you been on the road?”
“About a fortnight.”
“That long on your own?” Kael wondered, surprised.
“Yes.” Prea was done answering questions. “Why were you in Ashton?”
“Same as you,” he answered and couldn’t help but note she had shifted the focus of the conversation. “I’ve been in Alder for a while. There aren’t many towns on the inland crossroad. I wanted a warm place to sleep in a nice bed.”
“Understandable. Do you normally travel by yourself?”
“Yes. Most of the time on the unbeaten trail. I like spending time in the woods.”
“So do I.”
The conversation subsided and silence resumed, staying for hours. His initial curiosity seemed to be satisfied given how much she was willing to reveal. Kael appeared to be a quiet man and he was used to being alone. 
“Why are you helping me?” Prea asked out of the blue, causing Kael to stop and turn. “Most people wouldn’t. Why are you?”
“Why are you trusting me?” Kael countered. 
“I asked you first,” Prea said childishly.
“They’re equally intriguing questions.”
“Well, aren’t you stubborn.”
“So are you,” Kael argued and they squared off, arms crossed in the middle of the woods. 
Prea sighed. “You didn’t—don’t feel like a threat. I follow my instincts and intuition; they’ve rarely steered me wrong,” she said, looking him straight in the eye. There was more to it than that, but she wasn’t going to reveal it all. “Your turn.”
It took him a minute to respond as he scrutinized her face. “There’s something about you. Don’t ask me what it is; I don’t know.” Kael looked away, trying to find the right words. “Maybe it’s honor or duty. Maybe it’s something more. You were headed in the same direction as me and I could help. I don’t know what else to say,” he finished with a shrug. 
When she said nothing else, he turned and resumed walking. They traveled in silence for the rest of the day until the sky signaled night was on the horizon. 
“We should stop now,” Kael suggested. “We won’t be able to see much longer before night falls.”
“Let’s make camp then,” Prea said, nodding in agreement and glancing around. This was as good a place as any, she supposed. They put their packs down, and both instinctively began gathering wood for a fire. 	
The weather was warming up, but the nights were still on the chilly side so the fire would provide welcome light and warmth in the darkness. The brush was thick underfoot and the canopy overhead would protect them if it happened to rain. 
Prea had become more capable in the time she had been traveling, but it wasn’t exactly based on normal skills and abilities. She had honed her additional sense of feeling energy so it would be easier to make a fire. After paying strict attention, and much trial and error, she had discovered a difference between the wood that was likely to burn and the wood that was not. 
There was energy in all things in nature, not just the living. Prea had realized that if the energy she felt was deep inside, a flame was less likely to ignite quickly. On the other hand, if the energy she sensed was closer to the surface, the easier it was to light. She supposed it had to do with a transference of energy as there was an element of fire in everything and fire itself was energy. 
Prea focused on the task at hand and didn’t see Kael watching her gather or discard various pieces of firewood and kindling. He stopped.
“What are you doing?” Kael asked.
Prea paused and looked up at him, confused. “Collecting wood for the fire.”
“I know that. Why do you only keep some and put others back?”
She looked down at the wood in her hands and then glanced at the piece she had put back near her feet. It took a minute before she saw her actions as he probably did, odd and illogical. “The ones I put back aren’t good for a fire. They won’t light as well.”
“How do you know?” If he hadn’t been curious before, he was now.
“Uh,” Prea started. She didn’t know how to explain what she felt. Everyone in Beech knew her family’s beliefs about nature, most having had Isa as a teacher. But her family had never discussed particulars with anyone else. Not even Beda and Dal. More often than not, it was just a feeling and not one that could be easily expressed. “I just do.”
“Really?” he wondered incredulously. “You just know?”
She didn’t want to have this conversation. “Do you want help or not?” she snapped.
“Usually things are quicker if I do them myself,” he said, eyes narrowed. “But I guess you can help.”
Once they had gathered a good amount of kindling, Kael started the fire. Prea sat down on the brush, resting her back against a tree as she watched his graceful hands work, quickly catching a spark. He was skilled in nature and the elements, that was clear. He fiddled with the fire for a few minutes before sitting back against a tree himself. 
Prea watched the flames, fascinated by the changing colors and how they danced atop the wood. The soft light and warmth pulled her in, lulling her into a kind of trance. The fire radiated power in this small makeshift campsite of theirs. In that power, Prea could see the stone, she could feel it in the heat of the flames. Her heart somehow filled with the stone’s immense energy, the eternal love between Ciro and Aylin. The fire and its power threatened to engulf her, here in the woods. 
She wasn’t prepared for this, for these feelings, the ones that reminded her of those she lost. And with the power and love, came the sadness and despair. Prea had been on a mission, focusing on the task at hand, pushing down her feelings and now they were coming back with the force of a strong current. 
Something touched her arm, breaking her trance. Her cheeks were wet with tears she hadn’t realized she’d shed. Prea raised her gaze from the fire, surprised to find Kael’s concerned eyes looking back at her. She looked down and saw his hand resting lightly on her arm. At her glance, Kael removed his hand and shifted back as he sat down. 
“Are you all right?” Kael asked. “You were watching the fire for a while and then you just started crying out of nowhere.”
Prea wiped her cheeks dry. Looking away she responded, “I’m fine, it’s nothing.” 
When her gaze finally returned to the man sitting across from her, she still saw concern as he waited for her to elaborate. Kael didn’t look like he was going to accept her answer, but what was she supposed to tell him? That she was on a quest to find a magical stone that no one thought existed? Or that she had felt the stone’s ancient power in the fire? Or that she could sense the eternal love shared between Aylin and Ciro? And that she had been overwhelmed by the reminder of her own love and loss? Would he even believe any of that? She didn’t know what to tell him; she wasn’t sure how much she wanted to say about her family or her past.
Prea decided to be as diplomatic as possible. “I just got overwhelmed, is all,” she said lamely, raising her eyes to meet Kael’s, silently pleading for him to just leave it be. After a long moment, Kael reluctantly accepted her words and left it alone.
Prea gathered some wood later on to make sure they were well stocked for the night, then settled down, attempting to make herself as comfortable as possible on the ground. She lay down, curled away from Kael in the increasing darkness, feeling the heat of the fire against her back. She didn’t know how long she lay there with her eyes closed before sleep came for her. 
* * *
Kael sat across the fire, up against his own tree, watching his new companion fall asleep. He couldn’t fathom what a young woman was doing traveling alone, especially through the woods. He felt an unusual urge to protect this girl, this young woman he had only just met. It was an odd feeling that he didn’t understand, but he was curious. 
He heard a small sound and Kael sat up straight, listening close. His heart sank when he realized that Prea was crying softly in her sleep. Before he could sit back again, he heard one word escape Prea’s lips. Leal.
* * *
Alvie walked home from the infirmary in the darkness after a long day at work. She avoided spending time at home because the house still felt off, even though Beda was living in Prea’s room. And it would feel that way until Carr and Prea were back home. 
Tonight, though, Beda was having dinner with her parents and the house would be empty once again. Alvie thought she was mistaken when she saw light glowing from inside and found the door was unlocked. Walking through the house, she made her way to the kitchen, dumping her stuff along the way. When she reached the kitchen doorway, she stopped.
“What are you doing here?” she asked, making Dal turn away from the counter.
“Thought you could use some company,” he answered, returning to his dinner preparations at the counter. “Beda mentioned you’d be alone.”
“So you’re making me dinner?” she asked suspiciously.
“Yes.”
“Why?” This didn’t make any sense to her.
“I need a reason?”
“Prea already got Beda to stay here and I’m sure she made you promise to check in on me, but you don’t need to cook for me. You have your own life.”
“Yes, I promised Prea I would check in on you. But, believe it or not, this isn’t just for your benefit. I like spending time with you.”
“You do?”
“Is it that surprising?” Dal asked seriously. 
“I just always thought you were nice to me because of Prea. Or talked to me because she asked you to.”
“Most of the time she did. But that didn’t mean I didn’t enjoy it.”
“Okay,” she replied, though she was unsure. This whole conversation made her unsteady. 
“How’s Carr doing?” Dal asked. 
“No change,” Alvie answered, sitting down at the table. 
“Prea will come through. Have faith.” Dal brought two bowls of soup over to the table, setting one down in front of Alvie and he sat across from her. “It’s not much.”
She smiled and met his calm grey eyes. “It’s wonderful. Thank you.”
* * *
Prea was comfortable, warm and happy; she didn’t want to open her eyes, not yet. Everything was perfect right now, but she turned over anyway and opened her eyes. There he was, lying next to her in bed. Her heart leapt at the sight of his profile, his hand resting on his chest. He looked so peaceful and young in sleep, his chestnut hair splayed across his forehead, his eyelashes catching the light from the sun coming through the window. She could see his eyes moving back and forth under his lids; he must be dreaming something wonderful, Prea thought. She just lay there, watching him sleep, loving him with all her heart. 
When she couldn’t take it anymore, Prea raised her arm and brushed her fingers lightly over his skin, tickling him. His lips spread slowly into a grin as he brought his other hand down on top of Prea’s, holding it tight. He moved his head to the side, towards her, finally opening his beautiful hazel eyes that sparkled in the sunlight. Leal. His smile widened. 
“Good morning, Sweet Pea.” 
She couldn’t remember being happier. “Good morning yourself, handsome.” 
“Come here,” Leal said as he grabbed Prea around the waist and pulled her towards him. He looked straight into her eyes, into her heart and soul for what seemed like forever. 
“I love you,” he said eventually with more vehemence than she had ever heard.
“I love you, too,” Prea responded with passionate certainty. “I will always love you.”
Leal leaned in slowly, pausing at the last second before brushing his lips lightly against Prea’s. It was a kiss of good morning, of love and of home. He pulled back slightly, and everything was perfect; being there with Leal was perfect. 
A loud clap of thunder pierced the sky and suddenly they were surrounded by sea water, the waves rising around them. The bed tipped and Leal slid into the ocean as Prea reached for him, panic rising in her chest. She stretched, grasping for his arm, but there was nothing she could do. It was as if he was being pulled under, away from her. The fear in his eyes was a dagger to her heart and it was the last thing she saw as his open mouth sucked in his last watery breath. All Prea could do was scream.






CHAPTER 10


Prea sat up, her back rigid, in the middle of the woods. The first streaks of light crossed the sky as dawn approached. Kael was still sleeping a few feet away, so clearly she hadn’t screamed out loud. No, she thought, that was only in her dream. 
Prea had dreamed of Leal in the time since the accident, but none had been so real. She didn’t want to imagine the man she loved being scared, cold and alone as the sea took him, as he fought for his life, his struggle for air. Imagining his pain, how his lungs filled with water, was unbearable. But now she had a remarkably vivid picture of exactly what that looked like and it would not leave her mind. 
Prea leapt to her feet and ran. She made sure to stay close to the camp, but as soon as she was out of earshot she broke. She fell against a tree, clutching it as if her life depended on it and she sobbed. Prea had been so busy with Alvie and Carr, with the legend and her mission, that she had been able to function normally. But now she was alone; sure, there was Kael, but really she was alone. And if she kept having these dreams…she didn’t know if she could survive. Kael would notice soon and she still didn’t know what she should do, what would she say? 
Prea’s breathing was fast, her tears making little rivers down her cheeks. She needed to get ahold of herself, she couldn’t keep losing it; Carr needed her. She wouldn’t be able to forgive herself if anything else happened to her little brother. Something clicked and her brain started working again. Back in the recesses of her memory, her mother was saying, Focus your whole mind, body and soul on your senses and everything will get better.
She closed her tired eyes and let herself feel.
Prea was leaning against a tree, her shoulder pressed hard into the trunk. Her left arm was wrapped around it, her fingers rubbing the scratchy, uneven surface of the bark. She could smell the fresh dew on the morning air; the musty scent of leaves and pine. Her hair was rustling in the wind, brushing back and forth against her back, tickling her cheeks and nose. Her sobbing eased up, her breathing steadied. 
She rested her head on the tree, cocking it to the side. Prea could hear the sweet sound of the birds chirping good morning. The breeze whispered to her of calm and tranquility, the sounds of little animals scurrying could be heard off in the distance, and the crackling of the fire back at camp echoed to her ears through the forest. Her pounding heart slowed back down to normal. It was time. She pushed off of the tree and stepped away, her eyes still closed. One deep breath, two deep breaths, three. She opened her eyes. 
* * *
The warmth was fading, but the light was growing brighter. Kael rested his hand on the familiar earth beneath him, grabbed at the leaves, needles and dirt and let them fall through his fingers. He moved his head to the right, opened his eyes and felt his stomach drop, which he didn’t think was possible in his current position. He jumped up. Prea wasn’t there, lying on the other side of the fire. Kael quickly glanced around. Her pack was still here, but there was no sign of her. He stood still and listened; nothing. Sure, he heard sounds, but none were Prea. He was about to go looking for her when he caught sight of her out of the corner of his eye, walking back toward the camp. 
“Where were you?” Kael demanded when Prea returned to the camp. She stopped abruptly, taken aback by his demanding tone. 
“I…I needed some space so I took a walk. I’m sorry,” Prea said, not sure why she was apologizing. She walked over to her pack and retrieved some food for breakfast, then thought better of it. The dream had upset her stomach. She glanced over at Kael who appeared to be confused, or maybe it was conflicted. 
After a few moments he looked more resolved, jaw set as he spoke, “Well, we should eat and then try to get going. If we make good time, we will be able to get to Colter in less than a fortnight. If need be, we can stop in Flint on the way.”
It all sounded good to Prea, though she barely registered anything going on in the world around her. “That sounds fine,” she replied automatically and gathered her things. 
It didn’t take long before they were packed up, the fire put out and the two stood, eyeing each other for one final moment. Kael looked like he wanted to say something, thought better of it and instead said, “All right then.” He turned and headed off. 
Prea followed, studying her companion from behind. She didn’t know what to make of this man. He had come into her life out of nowhere. Literally. She had accepted that she was on this journey alone, but she couldn’t help but be grateful for his assistance and his company; there was something to be said of companionship, of no longer being alone. 
But he was an odd man. His reaction to her return to camp was unexpected, to say the least, and Prea didn’t want to have to explain herself or re-live her pain. The story was so long, complicated and emotional and he was a stranger; he didn’t deserve the knowledge of her pain. 
* * *
The two walked on a soft carpet of mud and leaves, needles and moss; an endless sea of greens and browns spread in front of them in every direction. The life of the forest, the energy and sounds, were almost too loud for Prea the first few days; the noises echoing as if she were in an amphitheater. They were far from alone, yet a sound maker was rarely seen. For the most part, though, they were left alone to trek wherever they pleased. 
A week passed and the days looked much the same: walking, a little talking, occasionally resting or eating. Prea couldn’t be sure, but Kael appeared more agitated than usual; his feet stomped on the ground, his gait quick and abrupt. She could even see the outline of his muscles strung tight down his arms, his hands clenched in tight fists. 
And she had a tickling feeling that she was the reason for his irritation. 
The distance they covered in a day was getting shorter. Perhaps it was her lack of physical prowess, or maybe it was the discrepancy in the lengths of their legs. Or perhaps, perhaps, it was the utter scarcity of meaningful sleep in the past few days. 
Sleep was an elusive bird, a ghost on the wind. It had been ever since the night she had dreamed of Leal. The clamor of life and her new companion were enough to occupy Prea’s thoughts for the first few days. After some time though, the clamor dulled to a light buzz and faded into the background of her mind. Just as she eased into her silent relationship with Kael, her comfort level rose and her mind steadily relaxed. 
Perhaps others may see this as a relief, but Prea could no longer avoid the dream and the emotions it triggered. Every night as she closed her eyes, the image of her love being ripped away from her into the depths of the ocean was stitched in vivid detail across the inside of her eyelids. She couldn’t banish it and it took all she had not to drown in her grief. 
“Come on, keep up,” Kael chided. He was used to traveling alone and his irritation with having to wait for a companion was growing by the minute. “We’re not making good time. You have to keep up if you want to make it to Colter on schedule.”
“Sorry. Sorry, I’ll try harder to keep up.” 
Prea powered through as best she could, brushing her hand along the trees as she passed. As always there was energy in the touch, but now it was different. It was as if she was connecting with the life inside the tree and, because of this bond, the trees were offering up some of their energy for her. Gratefully she accepted the small bit of help, even if it was potentially imagined.
Time ceased to mean anything to her; the light changed around her, the sun gliding through his daily pilgrimage across the sky. But time seemed too complex for Prea’s tired mind. The only thought she could summon and focus on was putting one foot in front of the other. Now and then, she was certain the invisible hand of the wind was at her back, gently propelling her forward. 
A strong hand with a tight grip on her upper arm halted her progress. 
“Prea! Prea!” Kael’s irked voice sliced through the fog in her mind. Her eyes lifted to meet his before drifting down to his hand wrapped tight around her arm. He released her. “We’re done for the day. Maybe after a good night’s sleep we’ll be able to compensate tomorrow for the distance we lost today,” he said, resting his pack on the wooded floor. “Come on, let’s gather some wood for the fire.”
Prea nodded mutely and dropped her pack. She wandered around aimlessly, stumbling as she collected kindling for the fire. After bringing back what she could, she wilted to the ground. Her exhaustion bore down on her, as if she were being buried alive. But the grief was crushing her spirit. 
She feared her mind; its memory, its imagination, the pictures it could call up on a whim. Prea scooted closer to a tree until her back melted into the trunk and she drew her pack alongside her. Legs splayed out in front of her, trousers catching on twigs and leaves, Prea gazed into the flourishing fire. The fluidity of the flames sucked her in, mesmerizing her. 
A falling log, the shifting of the fire, jolted a confused Prea out of a long awaited sleeping spell. Night had arrived, and looking across the fire, she saw Kael slumped against his own tree. The flames had dulled, the blackened kindling dispersing. She shifted and rose clumsily in her sleepy state, brushing dirt and earth from her backside. 
It was chilly, she thought, they needed more wood for the fire. Prea quietly tiptoed around their campsite, gathering branches in the dark. It took a few moments for her eyes to adjust to the blackness and, as she rounded a tree, she saw him. 
He was standing twenty feet away and yet she could see him absolutely clearly, as if he was standing directly in front of her in bright light. She must be dreaming, Prea thought, this couldn’t be happening; it was impossible. He turned the corner around a tree and her feet moved without her permission, following him. Her feet sped as she searched through the trees, but he was gone. It must have been a trick of the light, or her mind playing games. Dejected, she went back to the task at hand, leaning over to collect more wood but, as she rose, she spotted him again, this time closer. Dropping what she had gathered, Prea ran after him. 
“Leal!” He disappeared again, reappearing someplace else. She followed, shouting his name into the darkness. 
But when she rounded the next tree, she ran straight into Kael. He grabbed her by the shoulders, shaking her. She was frenzied. 
“Did you see him? Where did he go?” She looked around frantically, trying to break free of Kael’s firm grasp. 
“What are you talking about?” he demanded. “There’s nobody here except us, Prea.” 
She shook her head. “No, no that’s not true. He was here. I saw him. I saw him.” Kael worked hard to keep hold of her. “Let me go, Kael. Let me go!” she screamed. “I need to find him.” 
“Prea, there is nobody out here. We’re the only two for miles. You have to calm down, Prea. Now.” He tried shaking her again, tried to reason with her. Prea looked at him desperately, but she only saw pity in his deep blue eyes. She choked back a sob. Her legs gave out, but luckily Kael was there to catch her and he gently steered her back to their camp. She reluctantly accepted the painstaking truth. 
Leal wasn’t here and she would never see him again.
He lowered her to the ground and took a minute to bring the fire back to life before he sat down beside her. “Prea, what is going on?” Kael asked. “What were you doing wandering around the woods? Who were you talking about?”
The tears came again and she looked away from Kael. “I…I thought I saw someone. Someone I used to know.”
Kael waited intently for more information. When he didn’t get any, he became impatient. “Out here? You thought you saw someone out here in the middle of nowhere?” Nothing. No response. “Prea, who did you see?” he demanded. 
She was tired of keeping all of this to herself, tired of always being the one responsible for everything. She took a deep breath. “His name was Leal. He was a sailor and my father’s second in command. I loved him. We were going to be married and now he’s gone.” Prea looked Kael directly in the eyes. “He died at sea a few weeks ago.”
* * *
For Kael, the past week had been a conflict of emotions. On the one hand, he felt a connection to Prea and wanted to protect her, but, on the other hand, he longed for his independence. His internal war had turned to outward irritation as their progress slowed and Prea had trouble keeping up. But he couldn’t leave her alone, couldn’t turn his back on her. He was a man of his word and he would get her to Colter. So they rested before his irritation boiled over. 
Guilt now festered in place of his irritation, and this connection to Prea pulled at the edges of his heart. This explains a lot, Kael thought to himself. She was running away from her grief, away from the life she could no longer have. He didn’t know what to think anymore; he hadn’t known what a young woman was doing traveling alone, but he never expected this. She was hurting, clearly, but he didn’t have any experience with grief or losing someone he loved. He didn’t know how to help her.
“Why did you think you saw him out here?” He was curious. 
Prea sighed. “That first morning when I was gone from camp when you woke I had had a dream. It was actually more of a nightmare. Up until that point, I had done all I could not to feel anything; not the pain, the loss or the grief of his death. The dream was…vivid and so real. It brought all of those feelings crashing down over me, drowning me,” she explained quietly. “I ran. I didn’t want to wake you, but I couldn’t breathe. My despair was consuming me and I needed an escape.”
Prea looked into the dancing flames as she played with the twigs beside her. She absorbed the warmth of the fire and vigilantly tried to keep the image of Leal drowning out of her mind. It didn’t work and tears fell from her face, splashing onto the ashes of the kindling. 
“Why didn’t you say anything?” Kael wondered quietly beside her.
Prea’s head jerked up in surprise. “We had just met; I wasn’t going to spill my heart out to someone I didn’t know. And I didn’t want to deal with it or talk about it or anything. I just wanted it to go away,” she confessed. 
Kael watched her closely, truly seeing her for the first time since they’d met. He studied her as she gazed into the fire; she looked exhausted, like she might drop at any minute. Good heavens, when was the last time she actually slept, Kael asked himself. He racked his brain trying to remember any other clues that he had missed. Then he remembered that he had only seen her eat a few bites of food in the past week. He gasped. 
“Prea, when was the last time you slept? Or ate?” he asked.
“What?” She looked up at him blankly. The flames always lulled her into a trance, making her forget everything going on in and around her. “Did you say something?”
“When was the last time you slept or ate anything?” Kael reiterated, his voice sharpening in concern.
“I don’t know about eating, but I haven’t been able to sleep since that…since I had that nightmare.” The night wind cut through their camp, leaving Prea shivering in its wake. She held her hands up to the fire, absorbing its heat. “I’m scared, Kael,” she whispered. “Every time I close my eyes I see his face. It was so real; I could feel his pain, see the fear in his eyes.” 	
Another breeze whipped along her front, blowing ashes and sparks into the air around her. “I never let myself think about his last moments. This dream brought it to the front of my mind and I can’t get rid of it.” She turned to Kael beside her, shaking her head back and forth. “I can’t get it out of my head, Kael. I can’t get it out.”
He watched and listened patiently. She looked at him with fear in her eyes and appeared younger, desperate as she silently pleaded for his help. He couldn’t stay quiet any longer. 
“Prea, you can’t keep doing this,” Kael said softly. “You’ve been hallucinating. You need to eat, but, more importantly, you need to sleep.”
She dropped her head into her hands. “I don’t think I can.”
He barely heard her, she spoke so quietly. Kael stoked the fire a bit to keep it going before he sat back against a tree. He leaned forward and grabbed Prea’s arm, tugging her slightly. 
“Come on,” he suggested, as she looked back at him over her shoulder. “Come on.” 
Kael didn’t know if she made a conscious decision or if her exhaustion was just too extreme, but Prea slowly shifted back until she was curled up against him. His arm tightened around her and her head fell to his shoulder.
“Sleep,” he whispered against her hair.
In the arms of a man she did not know, Prea finally closed her eyes after days and days spent awake. Her will was weak, almost nonexistent, as she finally succumbed to the thing she feared the most.






CHAPTER 11


Prea found her way obstructed suddenly when her face met Kael’s back. The uneven ground had her vigilantly watching her feet, so she didn’t notice when he stopped abruptly. His body language gave no indication of whether or not he noticed her. Prea sidestepped, coming up beside Kael on his right. 
Before them the ground gave way to a small river coming down through the mountains. The flow of water had carved out the earth over time, leaving a chasm with steep rock faces on either side. The water level was rather high, the effect of the warmer weather on the mountain source. Prea looked up at Kael, watching as he considered their options.
“Do you think we’ll have to backtrack all the way to the road in order to cross?” Prea asked.
“I’m not sure. We don’t know how far the road is. Our best bet is to follow the river downstream until we find a place to cross. If we don’t, then we’ll continue on until we reach the road and cross there,” Kael decided.
“All right.”
Kael turned and stalked off on the thin strip of ground between the tree line and the cliff edge. Prea hesitated on the edge for a few moments, as the space between her and Kael grew. Standing in this spot had flashes of her cliffs from home streaking through her mind. It was so familiar, yet different, and had her thinking of home. Not a minute went by, when she didn’t worry about her siblings. Was Carr any better or worse? Was Alvie still mad at her? Were Beda and Dal enough help? She didn’t know if anything changed and she would have no way of ever hearing any different until she returned. But she couldn’t return until her quest was complete.
Back in her reality, this cliff represented another challenge on her journey. How many more would there be before this was all over? Maybe she had overestimated her abilities, her motivation; maybe she was in over her head? But that wasn’t the way to think, now, was it? She could do this, she had to do this, for Carr.
Prea turned to follow Kael downstream. The minute she moved, the loose earth shifted beneath her and she lost her footing. Then the ground was no longer under her; instead she was tumbling down the craggy rock face towards the river. A scream escaped her lips before the first rock in her side forced all the air out of her lungs. Her pack saved her backside from danger, but its heft added to the blows to her front. 
Prea’s face slapped hard against the river’s quick surface, her chest and stomach crashed against the rock bed below the water. Her pack’s weight pinned her to the ground and she struggled to keep her face above the water as it rushed past. Her whole body ached from the strength of the blows and the water’s cold temperature made it difficult for her to concentrate. It was getting harder for her to keep her head above water. 
She needed to move. Now. 
She wiggled her arms, struggling to get her pack off, but the shocking stabs of pain made it nearly impossible. With a herculean effort and one arm free, she pushed the pack off the rest of her body, stretching her torso to roll over and that simple movement caused a sharp cry of pain. Prea sluggishly maneuvered herself and her pack out of the river and onto the thin strip of dry, uneven riverbed. There was only about a foot or two where the water level had yet to reach. 
Above her, she heard Kael yelling. She had yet to catch her breath but did her best to answer. 
“I’m…I’m…” Coughing stopped her for a moment. “I’m down here, Kael.” 
Prea raised her head, grateful that her neck had been spared from blows. Kael’s worried face stared down at her as he kneeled on the edge above. 
“Good heavens, what happened?” 
“Lost my footing,” Prea responded simply, taking shallow breaths. “Fell.”
“How bad are you hurt?” he called down to her. “Can you walk at all?”
“I don’t know, but I most certainly can’t carry my pack.” Kael stood, stripping his own pack off his back and prepared to drop it down the rock face. “What are you doing? How are you thinking of getting down here?”
“I’m going to drop my pack down and then slide down myself,” he responded matter-of-factly.
“Okay, I can see that working for the pack, but that’s a twenty foot drop and it’s practically straight up and down. I can tell you it’s not fun falling down it.”
“I’ll be fine.”
“What do you mean you’ll be fine? I’m already injured. We won’t do well if you get injured as well, would we?” 
“Do you want me to help you or not?” Kael asked exasperatedly. “For one, I’m prepared to slide down. Two, I’ve had worse injuries than I could get sliding down this slope.”
“Fine, do as you wish,” Prea conceded. 
She was sitting on what was some of the only dry land and turned away, leaning back against the rock. Her back happened to be one of the few places she wasn’t hurting and she didn’t want to see this in case it went poorly. 
Kael let his pack drop down the slope; it bumped and tumbled along like a rag doll. With each bump, her body’s aches pulsed from its own blows. The pack came to a stop with a thump, tilting into the river with a splash of finality. The next thing she knew, Kael landed on his feet a few paces away.
Kael grabbed his pack, dragging it over next to her own and he fell to his knees beside her. His stormy blue eyes held worry and he brought his hand up to her left cheek, pausing close to her face but not touching, just for a moment. Kael lightly brushed his fingers along the line of her cheekbone and even that whisper of a touch had her flinching in pain. His fingers were bloody when he pulled his hand back. He got a piece of fabric out of his pack, wet it in the river and cleaned up her bleeding face. 
“I don’t know how much I can do for this,” Kael murmured. “We’re going to have to get the apothecary in Flint to take a look at you. Where else are you injured?”
“My whole body aches. I’m sure I’m going to have bruises all over. But my chest…my arms and chest…hurt. It’s hard to breathe,” she stammered, struggling for breath.
“That’s not good. I should take a look.” Kael lifted his gaze to meet Prea’s, his eyes anxious and unsure. 
Prea sucked in shallow breaths. “Go ahead.” 
His hands were shaking slightly as they reached for the hem of her tunic and he lifted it slowly. Every labored breath met with sore and injured ribs, causing Prea serious pain. Kael stopped when he reached the bottom of her breast and held her shirt still. There were no scrapes or cuts, but most of her midsection was red and beginning to swell. His fingers swept easily over her ribs, searching for signs of a break but Prea couldn’t even handle that much pressure, as tender as it was. 
Kael dropped her shirt. “All right, all right.” Her face had started bleeding again and he was quick to wipe it away. “I’m not sure what we should do. We can’t stay here but I’m not sure you can leave,” he admitted. 
She had to take a few breaths before speaking. “Well, we don’t have much of a choice, do we? If we can’t stay here then we have to go,” Prea muttered in response. “It’s just going to be slow going.”
“Are you sure?” he questioned.
“Yes, I’m sure.” Prea paused. “Can you help me up?”
Kael stood, situating himself so he was straddling Prea’s legs and grasped her by the elbows. Prea bent her knees, took a breath and braced for the pain; she wanted to do it fast, before she could back out of it. Kael pulled her up as she screamed like a banshee in the night and tears flowed freely.
“Come here,” Kael said sweetly.
He pressed her unhurt cheek to his chest and put his arms around her shoulders as tightly as he dared. It didn’t take long for her sobbing to subside; really she just wanted the pain to stop. But she didn’t move. Her head rested against Kael’s chest for a few more minutes, listening to the steady beating of his heart. It calmed her, like the crashing of the waves against her cliffs. 
At last she pulled away, keeping her movements slow and measured to avoid unwanted pain. Kael’s arms fell from her shoulders, dropping awkwardly at his sides. He hesitated, like he wanted to do something, but thought better of it. Instead he bent over, grabbed his pack and swung it onto his back, then picked up Prea’s as well. She wasn’t going to be able to carry it, so Kael was going to have to carry both. 
“Let’s go,” was all he said.
Kael trudged off, keeping to the thin ribbon-like piece of dry land between the water’s edge and the rock face. Prea hesitated before following, allowing herself a moment to get her bearings. She looked upwards, noting the sun was still high in the sky, showering them in warmth and light. They had some time at least, to find a way out before dark came. 
It was a slow, arduous process, and they moved like inchworms in honey. The slightest movement brought Prea pain, like knives stabbing every inch of her bones. It wasn’t much easier for Kael; he was an able-bodied young man, but he wasn’t a god. And if that weren’t enough, they were traipsing on an uneven, wet rock bed; lost balance and slipping were common occurrences. At times the gorge narrowed, their path of dry land shriveling up, forcing them into the river to plod along.
For hours, the two moved slowly, stopping and starting, stumbling and slogging along, step by step. A glimmer of hope came in the late afternoon when the sun was staring them in the face. It appeared as though the rock faces on either side of the chasm were sinking lower the farther they moved downriver. A welcome sign, given they only had a few hours left before darkness would force them to make camp. 
The light continued to fade and the rock faces were getting lower, but not enough. Night was coming and it took every ounce of energy Prea had to put one foot in front of the other. Suddenly Kael stopped, dropping her pack to the ground like a rock. She looked around; the river was shallower here, the space wider overall and the edges of the rock walls were just a little higher than Kael’s head. 
“We need to cross here,” Kael said. “I don’t see the walls getting any lower downstream and we really need to get out of here.” 
Prea was out of breath and a burning ache radiated throughout every cell in her body. The whole time she tried to stay quiet, but she couldn’t keep the tears at bay; they had been flowing since she fell.
“All right,” was all she dared to say. If she let any more words escape her lips, she would scream, and screaming would help no one.
“I’m going to cross first, see how deep it is. Then you can follow,” Kael instructed. Prea just nodded. 
With both packs slung over his shoulders, Kael began treading through the water. As he reached the middle, the water level reached just below his knees which was a good sign. He made it across, dropped his cargo and turned, beckoning her to follow. 
Prea slowly waded into the river and the cold water seeped into her boots. The shock of the icy water had her gasping; the gasping had her crying out, her ribs protesting against the sudden expansion of her lungs. Midway through her boots and pants were soaked, her feet and legs growing numb in the impending darkness. As she reached the other side, Kael grabbed hold of her hands, leading her carefully onto the rocks. He didn’t let go; instead he held on while she steadied herself and her breathing. 
Prea looked past Kael to the rock wall beyond. 
“I don’t think I can do this. It’s too high. I can hardly walk, let alone climb a wall,” Prea confessed to Kael. 
“You can do it,” he assured her. “We’ll do it together.” He waited until she turned her face back to him. “Prea, we have to get out of here. It’s getting dark, the temperature is going to drop and we can’t make a fire down here.”
“But how…” Prea trailed off. 
Kael was already moving towards the wall, grabbing both packs on the way. He picked one up over his shoulder, gauged the distance and tossed the pack up and over the edge. He did the same with the other before turning back to Prea.
“Come on, Prea,” Kael called, waving her over. “I think I have a way to do this. I’m going to have you get on my shoulders and then lift you up. Does that sound all right?”
“I don’t really have a choice, now, do I?”
“Come now. Face the wall, it will help you with your balance.”
Prea did as she was told, turning to the rock. She placed her hands on the craggy surface and spread her legs. Kael kneeled down, threaded his head through Prea’s legs and slowly lifted her up onto his strong shoulders. She walked her hands up the wall as Kael lifted her until her hands reached the top. Her chest was even with the edge, but she wasn’t going to be able to pull herself over, not with her injuries. 
Kael placed his hands under Prea’s legs right below her rear end. 
“I’m going to raise you up as far as I can. You’re going to have to get yourself the rest of the way.”
“Okay.”
“On the count of three. Ready. One. Two. Three.” 
Kael pushed up as hard as he could, his hands squeezing Prea’s legs tight as he struggled with the task. Prea locked her elbows when she was able, contracted her abdomen and dragged her left knee up and over the edge, howling in pain. She crawled on the smooth ground, away from the edge, crying and moaning every inch of the way. Once she was safely ten feet away, Prea turned over, sitting down on her backside, and attempted to calm her breathing. 
Meanwhile, Kael backed as far away from the rock face as he was able while staying on dry land, before running as fast as he could at the wall. He planted one foot a few feet above the ground, propelling himself upwards. He grabbed the edge with both hands and hoisted himself over. 
Prea let out a shallow sigh of relief as Kael became visible once more. He detoured, grabbing their packs and dragging them towards her. They were finally on the correct side of the river and here the land was more open. The tree line was still a little ways off, so their journey for the day was not yet finished. Kael reached her, falling to his knees beside her. He softly pushed her hair away from her face, lightly traced the gash along her cheekbone with his fingers.  
“How are you doing? Can you walk any farther? We just need to get inside the tree line and then we can make camp.” Prea nodded. She needed to preserve what energy she still had in order to make it to the forest. 
Kael stood, holding out his hand for her. As he had before, he helped her up quickly and held her while she screamed. They set off for the woods to the north and, before long, they crossed into the forest. They walked on for another ten yards or so through the trees before finding a place to set up camp. Kael released his load, gathered wood and began making the fire. 
Prea could do nothing more than collapse to the ground, turning over to lie on her back which seemed to cause her the least amount of pain. She fidgeted until she was the most comfortable she could possibly be and closed her eyes. 
The warmth along the right side of her body woke her; a strong fire had bloomed. Kael sat across the flames, rummaging through both packs to dry anything wet and to find what food remained. 
Prea turned her head to the side. “I’m sorry.”
Kael’s head snapped up at the sound of her voice, confusion clouding his face. “What do you mean, you’re sorry?”
“I’m sorry for all of this. You should be off doing what you want, not taking care of me.” Prea paused. “You didn’t sign on for any of this,” she muttered, waving her hand in the air.
“Prea, you didn’t and don’t make me do anything. I offered to take you to Colter, safely, and that’s exactly what I’m doing. And I didn’t exactly fulfill my promise, did I? You’re hurt. I didn’t protect you.”
“You’re ridiculous, you know that? You can’t protect me from accidents and nature and myself. You couldn’t have prevented me from falling. It just happened. But…thank you. For helping me. For getting me out.”
“You don’t have to thank me,” Kael murmured. “I’m just glad you’re all right.”







CHAPTER 12


Exhaustion wasn’t enough to keep the pain away and Prea woke the next morning to prickling and piercing in her ribs with every breath she took. The pain was truly remarkable; she had never felt anything like it before. Any and all previous agony that had befallen her was emotional, none was physical. It felt as though she was dying, it was so hard to breathe. There was nothing she could do to lessen the pain, so she lay there, staring up at the lightening sky. 
A low rustling began a few feet away, leaves crackled and crunched. Kael was awake. Prea knew she had to move; she couldn’t rely on him for everything. She propped herself up on her elbows, leveraging herself the rest of the way to a sitting position. She bit her tongue, forcing herself to swallow the scream as she glanced over at her remarkable companion. 
She didn’t know where she would be right now if Kael hadn’t come across her path. Maybe she would have been fine, escaped those men on her own and been safe on the road the rest of the way. Maybe she wouldn’t have gotten injured. She couldn’t be sure what would have occurred if she hadn’t met Kael, but she believed that things happened for a reason. There was a reason why Kael had come into her life, and right now, whatever that reason was, she was grateful. 
Kael had a kindness in him, a sense of honor deep within his core that made him unlike any person she had ever met. He looked up, caught her staring. 
“We should eat quickly and set out. It shouldn’t take more than a few hours to get to Flint and then we can get someone to check you out.”
Kael helped her up and they ate before they set off to the northeast in the direction of Flint. They were moving away from the hills, the elevation evening out slightly as they walked, making this leg of the journey easier on them both. Within a few hours, they reached the outskirts of the town. 
Kael had been to Flint before, and led Prea through the streets with a knowing familiarity. They reached the inn, crossing the threshold with a sigh of relief. There was only one vacant room, so, without any other choice, they took it. As the innkeeper’s wife made her farewells after showing them the room, Kael stopped her. 
“My companion is injured. Could you please send for the apothecary to see to her?” Kael asked politely.
“Of course, sir. I’ll send him right up when he arrives,” she responded.
“Thank you, ma’am.”
Kael closed the door and quickly appraised the room. It was bare bones, but still cozy, with only a bed, a chair and a small bedside table decorating the space. He threw both packs onto the floor in the corner and walked over to the window, opening the curtain to let the morning sunlight in. He stayed there for a moment, silently staring at something beyond. The warm rays filtering in brightened the room, making Prea feel more comfortable and relaxing her frayed nerves. She sat down slowly on the edge of the bed, careful to limit her movements. As soon as she did, Kael turned away from the rest of the world and crossed the room, kneeling in front of Prea.
“Don’t ask how I’m doing. I’m doing the same as I was before,” Prea said sharply. Kael looked taken aback when she lifted her gaze to meet his. “I’m sorry, I just feel like I’m burdening you. Why don’t you lie down and rest?” she suggested. “You’ve been carrying both packs for a day now. You must be exhausted.”
“I’m fine,” Kael said and stood, crossing his arms in front of his chest. Prea wasn’t convinced.
“Please, Kael. Lie down and rest. At least until the apothecary comes.” Prea wasn’t going to take no for an answer and Kael seemed to see that in her expression. He walked around the bed to the other side and laid down with a grateful sigh. 
When Prea was satisfied that Kael was truly asleep, she eased herself up off the bed, crossed to the door and exited quietly. She would wait for the doctor in the hall and hopefully do all of this without waking Kael. Not long after she left the room, the doctor turned the corner down the hall and greeted her at the door. 
“Good morning, sir,” Prea greeted. “My companion is sleeping inside and I was wondering if we could try to do this as quietly as possible. I don’t want to wake him if I can help it.”
“Sure, miss. I’ll do what I can.”
“Thank you,” Prea said as she opened the door for the apothecary. He waved her inside ahead of him, followed and closed the door. They stayed just beyond the threshold where the apothecary placed his bag on the floor.
“What seems to be ailing you, miss?”
“We were traveling through the woods when we came across a ravine south of here. I slipped on the precipice and fell over the edge, tumbling down to the river and rock bed below. My pack spared my back, but my sides and front took a beating on the jagged rocks,” Prea explained slowly. She paused. “It’s hard to breathe. My chest and arms hurt with any movement. Is there anything you can do?”
“Come, let’s take a look. Could you lift your shirt please?”
Prea did as she was told, lifting her tunic as far as she could before the pain became unbearable. The apothecary lightly prodded her abdomen and ribs, noting the tenderness and pain caused by his gentle touch. He soon finished his examination. 
“Well, miss, you bruised a lot of your body in the fall including your bones. It looks like you’ve cracked a few of your ribs which is why you’re feeling pain while breathing and moving.” The apothecary dug through his bag, pulling out a few vials. “Here are some tonics for the pain. These should last for a few days. If you need more relief, turmeric is a good option and it’s very common. But I do recommend you rest for at least a week before easing back into any activity.” The apothecary packed up his bag and paused at the door.
“Thank you, sir. How much do I owe you?”
“Five of silver,” he said before taking his leave. She handed him the coins. “Thanks. Farewell.”
* * *
All was quiet for a few hours while Kael slept soundly on the bed next to Prea. She spent the time resting and reviewing her plans for the next stretch of travel. She was studying the poem and making notes in her small journal, trying to decipher some of the unknown clues. Kael woke suddenly, sitting up straight as confusion washed over his face. His head turned, taking in the light of the window before glancing around to face Prea.
“How long have I been out?” Kael rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
“A few hours. It’s around lunchtime.” Prea gathered her map and journal into a neat pile in her lap.
“Did the apothecary come? Why didn’t you wake me?” Kael accused.
“He came and went shortly after you fell asleep. And I didn’t wake you because you needed to rest. You’ve been carrying both packs and taking care of me. You deserved some sleep in a nice bed for a change.”
“Thanks.” Kael laid back down on the bed, putting one arm under his head, the other resting on his chest. “What did the apothecary say?”
“He said I bruised a lot of my body in the fall, including some of my bones. And I cracked a few ribs in the process. That’s what’s causing all of my pain. He gave me a couple of solutions to use and so far so good. The pain has lessened. I’ll be ready to leave tomorrow.”
Kael studied her through narrowed eyes as though he didn’t believe a word she said. “He didn’t say anything else? Like resting for a few days?” Prea was never a very good liar and right now her face gave her away. “He did, didn’t he?” Kael concluded. “He told you to rest while you heal. And you’re still planning on leaving tomorrow?”
“I have to, Kael. I can’t waste time waiting for my ribs to heal. I need to be moving. I have to be in Rodor soon. Within the week, hopefully.”
“You can’t be serious,” Kael exclaimed and sat up. “You’re in no condition to be traveling. You can hardly move. What is so important that it can’t wait a few days for you to rest?” 		
Prea remained silent, not knowing how to explain.
“I won’t help you anymore unless you tell me where you’re going and what you’re doing. You shouldn’t be pushing yourself, risking your health like this.” When she didn’t answer he jumped off the bed and paced around the room. He was fed up. “Why won’t you tell me where you’re going?”
The time had finally come, Prea thought, for the truth to be said, for her story to be told. He deserved it, didn’t he? Kael had been with her, saved her, taken care of her when she hadn’t expected it. He had been there for her, as no one else had, save her friends back home. But they weren’t here now; Kael was and would be for the foreseeable future. 
Prea looked past Kael, into the afternoon sunlight streaming through the window. She could see the dust dancing in the air, little specks highlighted in the golden glow. She didn’t want to cry, but any thoughts of her family brought tears to her eyes. One escaped, sliding down her cheek.
“I told you about my fiancé Leal, but that wasn’t the whole story,” Prea began. “I guess I should go back to the beginning, though I’m not quite sure where the beginning is.” She paused and took a deep breath. “I was twelve years old when my parents told me and my younger sister, Alvie, that we were going to have another sibling. That was eight years ago and yet…it seems like it happened just yesterday.”
“When the time came for the baby to be born, something went wrong. My mother and the baby died, before the doctor brought them back, but it…it changed them. Mama was never the same after that and she died three years later when I was fifteen. My father still spent most of his time at sea, so I raised my baby brother Carr and took care of Alvie in his absence. 
“All he ever wanted was to provide for his family and he did. Leal was my father’s second in command and they left on a trading voyage to Rodor as soon as the weather cleared early this spring. A few weeks ago we got word that their ship had gone down.” Prea’s voice broke and she could no longer contain her tears. Kael sat quietly beside her until her sobs subsided.
It took her awhile before she could bring more words to her lips. “Alvie was so angry at Papa. And Carr…Carr was in denial,” Prea continued. “We didn’t have bodies to bury, but I knew we needed to say goodbye. We live on the cliffs overlooking the Bay of Aldin. We went out there and held a farewell ceremony. The next morning Carr wouldn’t wake up. He wasn’t dead, but he wouldn’t wake. The doctor came and couldn’t determine what was wrong with him. My sister works in the infirmary and she tried everything she knew, but nothing worked.”
“Prea…I’m so sorry. For everything,” Kael said consolingly. He laid his hand on top of hers and squeezed it tight.
“I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t…I can’t lose anyone else I love. So I formed a plan.” Prea turned to look him in the eye. “Do you know the story of Aylin and Ciro?”
“Of course. Everyone knows that story. But what does that have to do with anything?”
“The stone— the stone that Aylin and Ciro imbued with their powers, their eternal life—they left it somewhere on this island and I intend to find it.”
Kael interrupted her. “Prea, that’s just a legend. You can’t really believe that there is a magical stone that can heal your brother?”
“I can’t sit by and watch him waste away and possibly die, when there is something that I can do about it. He’s my baby. He’s eight years old. He doesn’t deserve this. He’s already lost enough as it is.”
Kael couldn’t comprehend what he was hearing. He got to his feet again and resumed his pacing while he tried to absorb all that Prea had divulged and her ridiculous plan rooted in legend and myth. He chose to play devil’s advocate.
“All right. Say it exists. Say it’s out there somewhere. How do you know where to find it? It could be anywhere.”
“It’s in the poem. It took some figuring, but the poem is a map to the stone. You just have to know how to read the directions,” she said matter-of-factly. 
“And what does your sister think about this?” Kael countered. Prea just stared ahead, scrutinizing the wall across from her. Kael waited for a moment for Prea to look at him, but when she didn’t, he moved into her eye line. “She doesn’t agree with you, does she?” he pressed. “Does she?”
“It doesn’t matter. Nothing she said was going to change my mind. I have to do this. I need to know that I’ve done everything in my power to save my brother. And that includes attempting to find this stone. I believe that it exists. I believe it’s out there, waiting. And I’m going to find it.”
“And nothing I say or do is going to change your mind,” Kael stated. He didn’t wait for a response, but turned on his heel and left in a flash. 
Prea’s head fell back, coming to rest against the hard wall behind her. His reaction shouldn’t be a surprise, she supposed. He argued the same points as Alvie did weeks ago. Prea had a feeling most people wouldn’t understand her choice or decisions.
Her eyes closed. The confession had been more emotionally taxing than she had anticipated. Exhaustion didn’t begin to describe how she felt; physically she was bruised and sore, emotionally she was drained. The fatigue and temporary lack of pain allowed her to drift off, and sleep quickly took her.
* * *
Downstairs in the inn’s practically empty tavern, Kael ordered a pint of ale. He couldn’t quite distinguish all of the emotions that were swirling around inside of him like leaves on a gust of wind. He had never felt this many emotions in his life, let alone all at once.
The moment he laid eyes on her, he knew there was something about her, something off with her. Women didn’t travel alone, and even fewer with no apparent reason or destination. It wasn’t just honor or duty that had him chasing after her, it was curiosity as well. She was strange, but interesting, and he wanted to know more. So he watched her, studied her. 
Some of his questions and suspicions had been confirmed when he pushed her to tell him about Leal. But she was still cagey around him, holding something back. She only ever told him the bare minimum. Not much different from me though, he reminded himself. Not that there was much to tell. 
He didn’t have any personal experience with love or the loss of it, but he imagined that it could force any number of people into a tailspin, have them doing things they wouldn’t normally do. It explained one of the puzzle pieces, but there were so many more that were still missing. 
But this was…unbelievable. Families and relationships in general were a mystery to him. There had to be more to the story; there couldn’t be that much bad luck in one family. Maybe they’re cursed, Kael thought. They were already talking about legends, why not curses as well. 
Then there was the mythical stone. It wasn’t real, couldn’t be real. It was just a magical story told to children for entertainment, a fantasy; there was no evidence that Aylin or Ciro ever actually existed. 
And then there was Prea herself…she was still a puzzle, yet to be solved. And he loved nothing more than to find out how things worked.






CHAPTER 13


Hours later, night was arriving when Prea opened her eyes. She glanced around the candlelit room, stopping when her gaze landed on Kael sitting by the window looking out into the coming darkness. The candles nearby threw slight shadows across his face and, though he had slept earlier that day, Prea could tell that he was still spent. And not just tired; his anger was evident, bubbling just below the surface.
She had made a real mess of things, that was for sure, but Prea had always known that she was going to have to do this on her own. His presence had momentarily distracted her from the truth of her situation. She couldn’t rely on him forever. She was grateful for his help and guidance these past few days, but he could go on now and live his life however he pleased. 
“Where did you go?” Prea asked quietly, though he refused to look at her. 
“I needed some space, time to think. I talked to some people down in the tavern. Had a few pints of ale.” Kael finally met her gaze. “You’ve been out for a few hours.”
“I feel a bit better. The sleep did some good, at least.” She averted her eyes. 
“I’ve done a good deal of thinking while you were asleep and…” He took a deep breath. “I’ve decided that I’m coming with you for the rest of your journey.”
Prea froze. Her eyes flew up to meet his. This was unexpected, to say the least. 
“What…what are you talking about? You don’t have to do that. I expected to do this by myself and I’ve accepted that fact. You can go on and do whatever you want with your life.”
“What if this is what I want to do with my life?” Kael countered. “I’m old enough to make my own decisions and I want to go with you. That’s that.”
“No, that’s not that. Before you were questioning me, asking how I could believe in this and leave my family at home. And now you want to go with me? Why?” Prea demanded.
“I don’t want to be the reason something happens to you,” Kael admitted quietly. “I’m capable of going with you and offering any assistance you need. So that’s what I’m going to do.”
“You don’t have a life to get back to? Family? Friends? You can just up and leave for who knows how long to help me?”
“As a matter of fact, yes, I can. I lead a transient life, living off the land, traveling wherever I want. When I need money or something, I have skills that are useful in finding easy work. So, yes, I can leave for who knows how long to help you.”
“But why?” Prea still wasn’t convinced. 
“We’ve spent, what, two weeks together? Believe it or not, I like you and I don’t want to see you get hurt, or worse, when there was something I could do to stop it. And while I don’t believe the stone is real, I’m intrigued. I want to see what you find.”
They stared at each other in a silent standoff while Prea made up her mind. Just as nothing Kael said was going to stop her or change her mind, she had a feeling nothing she said would make a difference either. She was not responsible for Kael, for his decisions or his actions. He was a grown man and could take care of himself, or so she reminded herself.
“Fine,” Prea conceded reluctantly. “But I want you to know that you can leave at any time. Whenever you’re done, you’re done. No hard feelings. I won’t blame you for anything.”
“Whatever you say.” Prea made no move to speak any more, so Kael continued. “First things first. Where do you think this stone is? We need to know where we’re going in order to know what to pack. We need to have a plan.”
“I don’t really have much of a plan, just an overall route and destination. It’s not very specific,” Prea admitted quietly. 
“Well, whatever you can give me.”
“My plan was to travel through Colter into Rodor. Then immediately turn south. The final destination is somewhere in the mountains in the center of Valtera. I have a map. I can show you where we need to go.”
“Okay, show me.” Prea did as he asked, illustrating her plan and where she believed they needed to go. “All right. I’ve never traveled anywhere along that route, but I’ve been in the higher elevations in other cantons.”
“So what do we need to do?” Prea asked.
“How are you with horses?”
“Not great.”
“Actually it’s probably better to just not bother with them given we’re heading for the mountains. We need food, herbs and some medical supplies, and some blankets, things for colder weather.”
“Can we get all of that in Flint?” Prea wondered.
“Probably. If not, we can replenish in Colter. How much money do you have with you?”
“Enough.” She had brought the better part of a year’s salary with her. They weren’t exactly wealthy, but her father had had good, steady work, as did she and now Alvie. They were prudent and she had both taken enough money for herself, and left enough behind for her siblings so that everyone was taken care of.
“Are you well enough to shop?”
“Yes.”
“Let’s go.”
* * *
After a restful night at the inn, Prea and Kael set out together on their new journey the following morning. The comfort of a soft bed and warm room had healed her ribs more than Prea ever would have imagined. She woke renewed and surprisingly refreshed, enough to carry her own pack. Her injuries wouldn’t be subjecting Kael to more than his fair share anymore; that was one worry off her mind, at least. 
Well after dawn, they stepped out into the street and walked towards the outskirts of Flint in the direction of the Rodor border where, in two days time, they would reach the border city of Colter. The two had decided that they would not be halting their journey and staying in Colter for the night unless it was absolutely necessary. 
They traveled in companionable silence until they reached the town limits. 
“I think our best bet is to stay on the road all the way,” Kael said. “There isn’t really a reason why we would need to veer off into the woods, but at least we know it’s always an option.”
“That’s fine,” Prea agreed. “So we’ll just step off and find a place a few yards into the woods to make camp at night? It seems like it would be the easiest way of doing things.”
“We’ll make sure we’re out of sight of the road, so we don’t have to worry about others coming across us. But yes, that’s the plan.” Silence extended for another few minutes. “Aren’t you going to tell me anything else?” Kael prodded. “Like why you think the stone is real? Or where you think it is? Or any type of explanation at all?”
“No, no, no. Not yet,” Prea said. “It’s your turn first.”
“My turn for what?” Kael demanded, glancing at her sideways. 
“Your story,” Prea replied. “I’ve told you mine, or at least some of it. Now it’s your turn. Where are you from? What do you do?”
She waited patiently for Kael to answer as they walked. It took him awhile; it seemed he was having trouble figuring out what to say. 
“There isn’t much to tell really. I grew up an only child in a small farm town in central Nodin. My father is a furniture maker, my mother a home keeper,” he explained. “I left as soon as I was able and I haven’t been back since.”
Prea was speechless; she couldn’t imagine ever leaving her family without the expectation of return. She could never truly say goodbye to them. This would be her one and only journey away from them. Never again. 
“You left and you’ve never been back?” Prea was unable to keep the disbelief out of her voice. “How old were you?”
“Sixteen. I left as soon as I came of age,” Kael answered. “I had skills and knew I could find work anywhere.”
“But why?” Prea pushed. 
Kael shrugged. “My father isn’t exactly what you would call a warm, loving person. As soon as I was old enough, he put me to work in his shop; made sure I knew that everything in my life was there by his choice and he could take anything away whenever he wanted.” Kael paused. It was clear that he didn’t talk about this often. “As soon as I was working, I paid my own keep. My mother loved me, but he could make her do anything he wanted. She never stood up to him, not for herself, not even for me.”
Prea had always been aware that she was very lucky in terms of family. But she could never imagine her father being that harsh or strict with her or her siblings. Her parents did nothing but love and support her, and she always knew it.
“It wasn’t the best childhood ever, but it was far from terrible,” he continued calmly. “I am grateful, though. If I hadn’t grown up the way I did, I may never have left. I wouldn’t have traveled, wouldn’t have met the people I’ve met or seen the things I’ve seen. All in all, my life has been pretty good.”
Prea held her tongue. She did not ask him if he ever planned on going home and seeing his family again. It wasn’t her business either way. 
“Where’s the best place you’ve ever been?” she asked instead. “I used to love hearing my father tell stories of all of his voyages, everywhere he went, everything he’d seen.”
The change of topic brought a small smile to his lips. “Well, let’s see. I’ve been to every canton of Valtera. I do not care for Nodin or Egan and I’ve only been to Rodor a few times. I don’t like the lack of trees, being out in the open. It makes me feel bare and vulnerable,” he confessed.
“I’ve spent most of my time traveling around Delmar and Alder. Inland Delmar is a pretty nice place; there are so many different rivers and they’re braided through the land, criss-crossing all over the canton. You travel by boat everywhere. But the marshland by the coast is my favorite; in some places there are water forests where trees have sprouted through the marshlands and you can row amongst them.” He stole a glance at Prea. “It’s beautiful. You can float along on the water and stare up at the branches and leaves, watch the sun peek through and throw shadows everywhere.”
“Really? That would be a sight to see one day,” she admitted. “But it will probably never happen,” she muttered as an afterthought. 
“Why not?” Kael wondered. 
“I’ve been reading about the history and geography of Valtera practically since I was born. My mother taught those two subjects in school and my father always told me stories of all his travels. When I was younger, all I wanted to do was travel everywhere and see everything,” she explained. “But I have responsibilities. Just because you want something doesn’t mean you’re going to get it,” Prea said, her voice sobering. “I haven’t been able to think about it much the last five years. My family has always depended on me.”  
The quiet resumed as they traveled. For hours, the thud of feet against ground, accompanied by the shaking of branches and the song of many birds were the only sounds present. Conversation ceased and thinking took its place. The morning had been enlightening as Prea finally got a glimpse into Kael’s soul. The past didn’t define a person, but she believed it provided certain insights into a person’s character. 
Eventually Prea was tired of silence, tired of thinking. She was curious and wanted to know more. 
“You never mentioned what you do for a living. I teach,” Prea offered. “I mean, back home I’m a teacher.”
“Well, I grew up fixing furniture in my father’s shop. I’ve always loved finding out how things work, so I’m basically a repairman,” Kael answered. “I don’t like to stay in any one place too long, so I’ve spent my time traveling around Valtera fixing what people need fixed. What subjects do you teach back home?”
“History and geography, just like my mother. She taught me everything I know, everything that she knew about the land and its past. My mother believed in the power of the elements, the power of nature and taught me to cherish it, but more importantly to respect it. I wanted to honor her life and legacy, to pass that knowledge and respect onto other children and the next generation.”
“So your mother was a teacher and your father was a sailor, correct?”
“Yes. Just as my mother was drawn to the elements and nature, the sea was in my father’s blood, it ran through his veins.” Prea chuckled. “Or at least that’s what he always used to say, anyway. It called to him; he could never stay away from the ocean for too long. He worked hard and ended up captaining his own ship. We live on the Bay of Aldin and he made his living transporting goods from the bay to the other cantons, mostly timber.”
“He was gone a lot?”
“He was, but he did it for us. He did everything for us, everything he could to provide for his family. It just so happens that to do that, he had to be away for long stretches of time. But when he was home, he only had time for us.”
“He sounds like a wonderful man,” Kael murmured.
“He was. I haven’t talked about him like this in a while. I’m still having trouble wrapping my head around the whole thing.”
“What do you mean?” Kael wondered.
“Well, my father was always gone and the three of us got accustomed to being on our own. There was no way of communicating with him while he was at sea, so he would give us a general time frame for each voyage. But sometimes he would just walk through the door, surprising everyone,” Prea said, her voice surprisingly steady. 
“There are times when I actually forget that he’s gone and he’s not going to walk through the door at any moment. Then something will remind me and the guilt over my forgotten grief leaves me reeling. It’s not as if I feel his loss every day; there isn’t a gaping hole in my life where his presence had been. We would go weeks, months even, without seeing him. I had become so used to not seeing him.”
“I’m sure that’s normal for someone in your situation,” he offered.
“I don’t even know what normal is anymore, to tell you the truth. I don’t know what anything is really. There’s only one thing I know for sure—my brother and sister need me. I have to find this stone if I want to save my family…what’s left of it.”
“What are they like, Alvie and Carr?” Prea skipped a step at Kael’s question, shocked that he remembered their names. Maybe she shouldn’t be that surprised, she thought. She did talk about them only last night. Maybe he actually cared what happened to her brother? That possibility hadn’t crossed her mind. 
“Alvie is…the most intelligent person I know. It almost seemed like she shared a mind with our father, their connection was that substantial. It was impressive to watch them together, though most of the time it appeared as though they were barely interacting. I even made a game out of it when I was younger—watching them, trying to decipher clues about their conversation,” Prea described, laughing lightly. “I was never very good at it and I stopped playing once Carr came along. He’s always been a handful, playing games, fighting with me on every little thing. But he’s a good kid, always happy. And he has an amazing ability to brighten even your darkest day. It’s his secret talent.”
“I always wished for a brother or sister, someone to play, to share, to grow with. Someone who knew me inside and out, understood me.” He paused. “And on a selfish note, I wished for someone to draw attention away from me, bear some of the burden.”
Honesty. Prea noted that in her mind. He was kind, caring, protective and honest. Does he have any faults? she asked herself. It didn’t seem like it. 
“There’s nothing like siblings; you can love them and hate them, mostly at the same time. Alvie and I are very different and we don’t always get along, but Carr and I are very close. I would do anything for either them,” Prea said emphatically. “I’m sure it’s not that way with all siblings, but it is for me.”
“Just the same, you don’t have to go through life alone,” Kael muttered under his breath, so low Prea was sure he didn’t mean for her to hear it.







CHAPTER 14


Two sunrises later, Prea and Kael strode through the last line of trees and into an open field. That simple step signaled they were leaving Alder behind and were moving forward into the new and unknown. 
The land grew before them into a ridge, with slopes forming the shape of a V where Colter rested in the center between rising mountains. The dirt road stretched out before them, closely following the climbing land, buildings on either side. It was a sight to behold in the early hours of morning, the walled city one of the few crossings between the two cantons. The sun was rising behind them, and the lights dotting the tallest buildings in town were the only spots visible in the distance. 
Prea’s lingering sore ribs slowed their progress, but both were still out of breath when they came to the outskirts of the city. They walked through a few rows of houses before coming to a halt in front of the towering outer wall. 
The gatekeeper called them forward. “What is your business in Colter?”
“We’re just passing through. Our destination is Rodor,” Kael replied.
“Very well.” The gatekeeper opened the small door cut into the wall, allowing them passage. 
“Thank you, sir,” Kael said. 
The door slammed shut behind them, the sharp sound loud enough to make Prea turn back. She watched the gatekeeper resume his lonely position, waiting for the next travelers to come or go. Kael touched her arm, steering her in the direction of the city center. 
The citizens of Colter had made the most of their space within the outer walls. The buildings were practically built on top of each other, with only space for small alleyways between. The main road they were traveling on was the only spacious area in the whole city; the road had to be wide enough for carts and carriages to pass. 
As they walked on, Prea felt an increasing sense of claustrophobia, the more time she spent within the walls. This place was the opposite of her home. Even in the forest of Alder, she felt a sense of freedom and openness. All she wanted to do now was get to the gate into Rodor and leave this congested place. 
The two had discussed the possibility of stopping for breakfast once they arrived, but Prea saw a look on Kael’s face that she imagined matched her own. He was no more comfortable in this city than she was. The main road wound through the close buildings, leading them past the inn and tavern, a bakery, seamstress and tailor, apothecary and blacksmith. It was still early and only soft noises and a few voices carried on the wind. An hour later, after replenishing their supplies, they reached the far wall and the Rodor gatekeeper who granted them leave. 
They crossed over into the northern canton of Rodor where a low valley sank below them to the south. The road down to the valley floor was steep and coated in gravel; they would have to tread carefully. 
The sun’s rays and warmth dulled as Prea and Kael trudged down the road. Overhead clouds mixed with the inky blue strokes swirled across the sky, blotting out the color as they converged over the valley. The fog, heavy and thick, crept down the slopes, wrapping the two and the valley in an invisible cocoon, creating an eerie, almost ominous effect. 
A wisp of cool air ruffled Prea’s hair, tickling the end of her nose. She looked upwards and contemplated the darkening sky. It was going to rain, she was sure of it. What she didn’t know was whether thunder and lightning would accompany the rainfall. They had departed the protection and cover of wooded land leaving them exposed to the elements, but the two quietly reached the valley floor before the weather took a turn for the worse. 
They set off south, the valley stretching out in front of them for as far as they could see. A small stream flowed like a snake through the emerald floor with mountains flanking them on the left and large hills on the right. Unlike Alder, Rodor seemed to have no trees at all, only small bushes and brush that spotted the hills, starting halfway up and growing thicker as it climbed. Prea had never seen anything like it and she felt exposed, as if someone was watching her.
It had been hours and only the beating of their footsteps on the ground filled the crisp air. Plop. Prea raised her head to the sky. Plop. Right on her cheek. The water had become too much, the clouds buckling under the weight. It started as if through a sieve, the rain falling only here or there. But their pace never hastened; there was no destination, no place for them to escape the elements. They continued to walk in no great hurry. 
“So why do you think the stone is real?” Kael asked, breaking the silence.
“Most people believe that the story is just that, a story; a fairy tale told to children to explain what cannot be explained,” Prea began as she described her logic, choosing her words carefully. “Others believe it to be a legend; that Aylin and Ciro existed long ago when our nation and its people were just beginning. People may or may not believe the magical or supernatural elements—that Aylin and Ciro were from the heavens, possessing the powers of the moon and the sun—that’s up to them. In my family, though, we believe that the story, in its entirety, is true. It’s been passed down generation to generation as our history and we’ve always treated it as such.”
The weather changed, the rain increasing from a drizzle to a light shower. Their clothing absorbed the water, sticking close to their skin and Prea’s hair flattened across her brow, heavy with moisture. She played with the long soaked strands trying to make them manageable in the current conditions. Kael looked no better, but his hair could be easily pushed off his face and she couldn’t help but be a little jealous. All our things, our packs, will be soaked through soon, Prea thought. But there was nothing to be done about it. She knew the power of nature, the elements and the universe; a little bit of rain was far from the worst thing that could happen.
“Because I believe the story is completely true, I believe the stone is real,” she continued. “It holds the powers of the universe, whatever that means. But it will save my brother.”
“You’re putting a lot of stock in hope,” Kael interjected.
Prea stopped abruptly. Kael turned to face her, and she gave him a look he had never seen before on anyone. Fierce determination radiated out of every inch of her face as rain fell into her sparkling green eyes. It stole the breath right out of his lungs. 
“When you lose hope…you lose your life. As long as there is hope, there is a reason, a purpose for life. There is still hope for Carr.”
“I didn’t mean to suggest that there isn’t hope. Or to suggest that this isn’t a realistic endeavor. I just meant…I’m sorry, Prea. I don’t really know what I meant,” Kael apologized.
She looked him straight in the eye for a good long minute and saw something that curbed the anger and resentment that was bubbling up inside her. She turned away from him and set off again, waiting to cool down before speaking. 
“What do you live for, Kael? What is your purpose in life? What drives you?” Prea asked with no aggression or judgment. “I don’t want to tell you how to live your life, but it might be something to think about.” 
He accepted her questions as honest inquiries. He had never really given the topic much thought until now. 
“So what’s your logic? Why the mountains?”
“The stone is in the center of Valtera,” Prea explained. “The land is uncharted and uninhabited; the perfect place for something to remain hidden for centuries, millennia even. The clue is in the second section of the poem. Beneath the sky heavens dwell, hidden away by an ancient spell. Where north, east, south, west meet, lies a stone which quells defeat. The only location where the cardinal directions converge is in the center. Our final destination is directly in the middle of the mountains.” Prea looked sideways at Kael. “You can still back out if you want to.” 
“I’m not going to abandon you. It’s just…still hard to believe. I want it to be true. I want it to be real for Carr’s sake. But what if we do all of this and it doesn’t exist? What then?”
Kael had a valid point. Prea was determined and she was trying to live one day at a time. Otherwise she wouldn’t be able to function at all, so she hadn’t thought that far ahead. She didn’t want to believe the stone wasn’t real; that wasn’t really an option for her. 
“If that ends up being the case, I will deal with it then,” she confessed. “There’s no room for doubt on this journey, though. If you let doubt take hold…it will never let you go.” 
* * *
Night closed in as the rain fell harder and faster against their bodies. The pack was digging into her shoulders, pushing her down into the ground; her ribs ached in her chest under the pressure. Prea’s legs felt like lead dragging beneath her as if she was walking through water. She was falling behind, finding it harder to keep pace with Kael’s long strides. He looked back towards her, realizing she wasn’t beside him. He stopped and adjusted his pack. 
“You look exhausted. We’re not going to make any more significant progress tonight, so we should just camp here. It’s as good a place as any around.” As he decided, he swung his pack off of his shoulders and dropped it to the ground. Prea did the same. 
“Are we going to be safe out in the open like this?” She glanced around, uncomfortable with their position. But there wasn’t another choice.
“It’s not as if someone can sneak up on us. We’d hear or see them long before they reached us.” 
He sounded confident, and if he was confident then there was nothing to worry about. The rain continued, rendering a fire pointless even if they had something to burn. They kept close to the river, making sure water was at least within walking distance through the night before succumbing to the relief of sleep.







CHAPTER 15


The sun crested over the eastern side of the valley where the travelers still slumbered. Prea’s eyes flickered, opening slowly as she stretched her arms above her head. Her clothes were stiff with dried rainwater, fitting her body oddly. She shifted into a sitting position, glancing over at Kael, his chest rising and falling with each breath. Prea squinted as she looked around the valley; it was later than she expected. Crawling over to the riverside, she splashed frigid water onto her face which immediately slapped the last of the sleepiness from her mind. 
Kael stirred on the ground behind her, groaning as he sat up. He sat with elbows on knees, the base of his palms rubbing the tiredness out of his eyes. His hands fell from his face as he looked around, spotting Prea on the bank of the river. She was looking back at him over her shoulder.
“You know a good splash of river water in your face will wake you right up,” she greeted, trying to suppress a grin in the morning light. “It did wonders for me.”
“Oh, I’m sure it would,” he said. His movements were slow, his clothes set in the position in which he slept. Kael pulled his pack towards him, opening it and examining the contents. “Things seem to have dried out overnight.”
Prea nodded as she left the riverside and moved back to Kael. The air warmed around them, spring belatedly reaching the valley floor. The sun was rising higher in the sky as the two companions enjoyed their breakfast. It didn’t take long before Prea became impatient and begged Kael to start moving. 
“We have to get going, it’s already later than I would like,” Prea said eagerly. 
“All right, all right,” Kael acquiesced, but Prea couldn’t wait and set out while Kael continued to gather his things before following. It didn’t take long for him to catch up. “So we’re heading to the mountains. But why are we in Rodor? How do you know this is the correct path to take?” He was curious.
“The next section of the poem contains the next clue for our journey. May earth, air, water and fire, lead you there at your desire. By valley low and mountain high, birds alone spy high across the sky.”
“But there are valleys and mountains in every canton of Valtera. How are you so sure this is the valley the poem is talking about?” Kael interrupted. 
Prea stopped, crossing her arms against her chest as she stared at him silently. Kael continued walking for a few steps before he realized she wasn’t beside him. He stopped short and turned back to Prea, eyebrows raised in surprised confusion. 
“What?” he asked annoyed. Prea didn’t answer, just waited. It only took another moment before Kael understood and apologized. “I’m sorry,” he said somewhat dramatically. “I won’t interrupt again, I promise.”
Prea still didn’t respond, but unglued her arms and strode forward. “The clue has nothing to do with the line about valleys and mountains. It’s the next line that’s important,” Prea explained.
“What…” Kael started before Prea’s look cut him off. He closed his mouth immediately and waited for her to continue.
“Just as there are cardinal directions, there are corresponding cardinal elements—air, water, earth and fire. Those four elements are the basis of everything in and on this land. But there is a fifth element, ether. Ether is the…it’s hard to explain…it’s the sky or celestial space in the universe. Aylin and Ciro had power over each of the elements, including ether, and in a symbolic gesture they named each of their children after an element,” Prea instructed as they traveled beside the twisting river. 
“According to the legend, whether by fate or happenstance, the children developed an affinity for or power over their namesake element. They helped found the five cantons of Valtera, each child gravitating towards the land of their power, of their blood. In honor of this connection, the cantons were named for them, becoming Delmar, Rodor, Alder, Egan and Nodin,” she explained. “Delmar is water, Alder is trees or earth, Egan is fire, Nodin is wind or air and Rodor, well Rodor is sky.”
“Birds alone spy high across the sky,” Kael murmured just loud enough for Prea to hear. 
“Yes,” Prea confirmed. “Rodor means sky, so that’s why we’re approaching from the northern canton. As far as we’re concerned, we are going to follow the valley floor until the land rises into the mountains. Only then will we find the next direction.”
Kael was pensive as he mulled over what Prea had revealed to him. She knew it was a lot to take in for someone who appeared to doubt anything that wasn’t directly in front of him. He was a skeptical person and, though she trusted her instincts completely, she understood he didn’t. And, if everything went according to plan, there was a lot more that Kael was going to have to come to terms with on this journey. This was just the beginning. 
* * *
“Don’t you ever get lonely?” Prea asked, after a lengthy stretch of silence.
“Lonely?”
“Traveling by yourself so much,” she explained.
“Sometimes. I’m just like anyone else; I don’t like to be alone all the time. But people can be too much for me. And there’s a difference between enjoying solitude and being lonely.”
“I’m rarely alone,” Prea replied.
“Really?” he asked surprised.
“Good heavens, yes. My sister is three years younger than me and my mother was always around when I was a child. If I wasn’t with my family, I was with my friends. Then Carr came along. And Leal.” She paused for a moment. It was the first time she had mentioned Leal since that night in Flint.
“What are your friends like?”
“I really only have two: Beda and Dal. Beda’s my age and an only child. Her parents are always working, they own the tailor shop in Beech. We met before school, when we were three and she’s been like a sister ever since.”
“And Dal?”
“Dal’s a year younger. And quiet like Alvie. He’s the youngest of eight, all boys. I had seen him before, my father knew his family, and I remember seeing him just sitting by himself one morning in the schoolyard. He didn’t look sad, more like he was overwhelmed. I said something to Beda, and between my experience with Alvie and her boldness, we befriended him. That was kind of it. We just got along for some reason, and they would always much rather spend time at my house than either of theirs. Even after Carr was born.” Prea was quiet for a moment of reflection. “I don’t know what I’d do without them. They’re looking out for Alvie while I’m gone.”
“How do you think she’s doing?” he wondered quietly.
“Well, I hope she’s not still angry. Though that’s unlikely.”
“You don’t get along?”
“We definitely see things differently. React differently. I think it’s more that we don’t understand each other rather than us not getting along.” Prea looked over at her companion. “What about you? Any good friends?”
“Not really. I’ve met some interesting people over the years, but relationships didn’t do much for me as a child, so I never tried to make any once I left. Nothing lasting. People have never been there for me; I’ve never been able to count on anyone.”
“You know, you have to give people a chance before they can be there for you. And there are people out there you can count on. Maybe you just haven’t found them yet.”
Kael looked sideways at Prea as they walked with an unusual expression on his face and Prea couldn’t quite tell what it was. “You don’t know what it’s like, Prea. You just said you were never alone and always had family and friends there for you.”
Prea hesitated as she tried to formulate an answer. “It’s true that I don’t know exactly what you went through, but just as you said there’s a difference between solitude and loneliness, there’s a difference between being physically and emotionally alone.” She paused for a moment and took a deep breath before continuing. “After Mama passed, Papa still chose to work out at sea. For the most part I understood why, he needed it and had already lost enough, but there were times when I hated him for leaving. I was fifteen and, though friends are great, I was left in charge of a twelve-year-old and tasked with raising a three-year-old. Papa did what he did for us, but I would have loved to have just been a girl for a little while longer.”
As she spoke what she knew was the truth, her stomach twisted and tightened with guilt as she hated to speak ill of the dead. “I’m not trying to lessen your past or experiences, but I want you to know that I do understand what it’s like. To not have people be there for you. You’re not alone anymore, Kael. I want you to know that you can always count on me to be there for you whenever you need,” Prea promised. 
* * *
Alvie knelt on the cold hard ground in the spring morning surrounded by the familiarity of nature and her garden. The house still felt wrong after all these weeks; she was never going to get used to the way it was now, even with Beda staying there. It was just empty space, like the emptiness inside her heart. So she escaped to her garden where she fiddled and pruned whenever she could. She was out there so much that there was nothing left to tend really. But the feel of the ground beneath her legs, the smooth leaves of the plants and the crumbling dirt falling between her fingers was beyond comforting in her current situation. 
Her toffee hair was pulled together at the base of her neck, the ends flying on the sea breeze. The salt and pine were her friends, enveloping her with their serene aroma. Out here she could breathe. Out here she wasn’t forced to feel. Out here she had some peace. 
Alvie sat back on her feet and let her head fall back as her face turned toward the sky. Her eyes closed as she rested her hands on the sturdy ground beside her. She breathed in deeply and exhaled slowly, letting the air swim past, feeling its tickling brushes against her skin. She allowed its power to flow through her; it was the power that calmed her, its reassuring voice floating into her mind, reminding her that all was not lost. It was brief, but it was present. 
And she hated it, hated that it was there, that it made her feel better.
Alvie’s heart and mind calmed, lulled by the graces of the earth. She stayed in that position, bathing in the sun’s warmth until something in the air shifted. She sensed a new presence around her…and it was familiar. 
“You look well,” he said and her heart skipped a beat. 
She turned her face in the direction of the voice and opened her eyes to a loving face. Dal watched her from beside the house with caring eyes that scanned her face to assess her mood. Her heart sighed at the sight of him; he had been the one person to keep her sane and together since Prea left. She didn’t know what she would do without him. 
“I’m better now,” Alvie replied as she pushed to her feet and walked to him. “Good morning,” she greeted as she threw her arms around his neck. Dal’s arms tightened around her waist in a welcoming hug. They had grown close in the weeks since Prea’s departure. Her hands fell to his chest as his remained clasped behind her back and he tugged at the end of her ponytail, forcing her chin up as he leaned in, his lips meeting hers. 
He had done so much for her; she could never repay him. Beda had helped with ensuring she was not living alone, but Dal was the one who had filled the void after Prea’s abandonment and his simple presence had made all the difference. He respected her feelings and her space. Mainly he just spent time in the house, counteracting the ghostly feel of the place. Like he did today, Dal came over early every morning and stayed late every night. He had comforted her when she was lonely and held her when she was scared. He checked in on her and Carr at the infirmary almost every day. 
“What does the day look like today?” he asked against her mouth, before pulling back to look into her crystalline blue eyes. 
“Oh, I don’t know…do something with these herbs and vegetables,” she said as she unlocked Dal’s hands from behind her back and gathered her crops. They walked back to the house and headed into the kitchen. “I’m going to visit Carr. Maybe read to him for a little bit,” Alvie finished. 
She unloaded the produce onto the counter in neat piles, separating one from the other. Dal watched her, seeing the sunlight bounce off her hair, picking up the golden tones laced throughout. He had loved her for as long as he could remember. He loved Prea and Beda too, but he had always had his eye on Alvie. She was his soul mate. He didn’t like it, but her losses had brought them closer together. 
“Do you want me to come with you to see Carr?” Dal asked, studying her for a reaction. Some days the visits were positive and helpful, some days she left more vulnerable and heartbroken than when she arrived. It all depended on the day and there was no predicting which would occur. 
She glanced over her shoulder with soft and loving eyes. “Thank you for offering, but I’ll be fine. I promise,” she responded and returned to her bounty on the counter. 
* * *
Hours later, Alvie sat curled up in a chair beside her brother’s bed in the infirmary. His condition hadn’t changed and it seemed he would never wake. He looked so young, his eyes closed as he breathed softly. Alvie clasped his hand in both of hers. 
“Hi there, buddy. I don’t know if you can hear me or not, wherever you are, but know that Prea and I love you so much. You’re the only little brother we have, so you need to hang on. Just hang on a little while longer. Prea’s going to save you,” Alvie whispered, even though she doubted it herself. “Prea will save you, I promise.”
The tears started, but she wiped them away quickly and picked up the book in her lap. They had a whole library of books at home, but Alvie only ever brought one. It was the only one that mattered and she thought, if anything, this would bring him back. If not by her reading, then in the truth of the story and the reality of the stone Prea was out there to find.
Alvie cracked the well-worn spine of the book, flipping the pages until she reached the one she sought. 
“Fire, hot and bright, streaked across the night sky as a blaze fell from the heavens to the land of Valtera,” she began in a soothing voice. “The ball of light went unnoticed as the few inhabitants of the island nation were asleep under the night sky. No one would believe that when the ball of light finally connected with the Earth, it wasn’t a meteor or comet, but a man and a woman hand in hand.”
She read the rest of the story, all the while trying to imagine what happened after the ending. What was her plan? Where was she headed? Her sister hadn’t divulged anything to anyone before she left; she had kept it all to herself. 
This stream of thoughts had Alvie leaving the infirmary, anger renewed within her heart. How could she do this? She wasn’t ready for any of this. She needed her big sister. Prea had always been there, after Mama and even when Papa was gone; she had always been the constant influence in Alvie’s life. I can’t keep doing this, Alvie thought, it’s all just too much. 
When she returned home, instead of going inside, she headed around back, through the garden and trees before coming to rest at Prea’s worn spot atop the cliff. 
“I need you, Prea,” Alvie called to the sea. “You’re my big sister…Carr and I…we need you here with us. You’re all we have left in this world. Please, please come back,” she cried as her voice became the wind. 
An image suddenly popped into her head, of her mother standing in this very spot calling upon the heavens and earth to bring her husband home. Before Alvie could think, she started reciting the spell her mother had said so many times so long ago.






CHAPTER 16


The days looked the same, the nights not much different, as they continued south through the valley in Rodor. It took a week before trees began to sprout and the land rose into the lower mountains towards the center of Valtera. Kael and Prea both sighed in relief as they entered back into the protection of the woods. They had put up with the uncomfortable openness for as long as necessary, but both would always prefer the forest and their bodies relaxed as nature welcomed them home. 
Sunlight was fading, inching away to the west as it followed its blazing source. The trek became more arduous as the elevation rose and the hikers were forced to truly climb for the first time on this journey. They weren’t at it long before night fell and darkness spread, making it impossible to continue. Camp was made, wood collected and a fire started as the temperature dropped. Once the flames had grown enough to provide warmth, the two travelers sat down and pulled out food for dinner. 
“So we’ve made it to the mountains. What’s next?” Kael asked between bites of food.
“We-ll…” Prea drawled, looking down as she focused all of her attention on her food. 
“Well what?” he asked.
“Well…I’m not entirely sure what we’re looking for next,” she answered vaguely, shifting her focus to the fire. 
Kael’s body stiffened and his eyes narrowed across the swimming flames. He waited in tentative expectation for her to elaborate. But she didn’t and refused to meet his eyes. 
“What do you mean?” Kael pressed.
“I know the poem and I can tell you the next verse, but I don’t know what it means or where it leads to,” Prea explained reluctantly as she finished her dinner. He continued to stare at her, silently attempting to elicit some sort of reaction or answer.
“Let’s talk about it more tomorrow. Can we?” She was tired and didn’t want to get into this discussion tonight. She wasn’t in the mood for an argument. 
Caught off guard by her sudden request, he paused before responding. “Sure…that’s fine,” he said hesitantly. She didn’t look like she could stay awake much longer, let alone participate in a heated discussion.		
Her muscles were leaden and her eyelids drooped as she reclined back against her pack, positioning herself for sleep. There was only so much that she could know, only so many answers to be had before a leap of faith was needed. Prea had known before she left that she didn’t have all the answers; there were some things that she needed to figure out along the way. They had finally reached that point. 
Prea woke a few times during the night as a chill ran up her spine. Each time, the fire was fading, smoke billowing up through the branches. So she stumbled in the dark, gathering kindling and stoking the fire alight. 
Even after the interrupted sleep, she was surprised when she woke the next morning to find Kael already enjoying his breakfast. That’s odd, he’s never up before me, Prea thought as she propelled herself into a sitting position. 
“Morning,” Kael greeted quietly from his seat across the fire. 
“Morning,” Prea replied and stretched her arms above her head, twisting the soreness out of her tired body. “How did you sleep?”
“Pretty good, considering. I always sleep better under cover rather than out in the open,” he answered. “What about you?”
“I will always feel safer in the woods than in a valley. I woke a few times to the fire dying. Other than that, I slept pretty well,” Prea replied as she dug breakfast out of her pack. 
As usual, they ate quickly and didn’t dally in their preparations for the day. After the fire was dusted, they trekked higher up the mountainside and the undergrowth flourished under the lush canopy of trees. The rough trunks provided welcome support as the slope steepened and slicked with needles and leaves. Kael was either better prepared or had more experienced as he remained surefooted during their climb. Prea, on the other hand, couldn’t help but slip and slide; her arms constantly waving in an attempt to keep her balance.
“Care to explain?” Kael asked when he couldn’t bear the silence anymore. 
“What? Oh, yes,” Prea responded. “I guess I do need to explain.”
“Yes, please do.”
Where to begin? “Like I told you in Flint, I started out only having an overall plan and destination. But I didn’t know specifics. Once I reached the mountains, I thought I’d figure it out as I go along,” Prea admitted as she began her explanation. “If the poem spelled it out, someone would have found the stone long ago.”
“Okay…” Kael added, unsure.
“Anyway, the next verse of the poem is Listen close for the song of the stars, to lead you down the path near or far. I know this is the direction, I just don’t know what I’m looking for. I’ll know it when I see it…hear it…feel it. Much like why I trusted you, it has more to do with feeling rather than knowing. And I have faith I’ll find it, whatever it is.”
“Song of the stars? Down the path near or far?” Kael repeated. “You don’t have any thoughts?”
“About the song of stars? No. But I figure the song will reveal a way to cross the mountain easily as opposed to climbing over the peak. There has to be a quicker way,” Prea insisted. “If Aylin and Ciro lived in the mountains and traveled around the island, then it would be beneficial to have another way to cross other than the full climb and descent. That would just take too long, don’t you think?”
“I guess. But what do you think this path is?” Kael prodded. He didn’t know where she was going with any of this, but she had clearly given this whole thing a lot of thought. “And what if we don’t find it?”
“I assume that it’s either a hidden path through the rocks or maybe a tunnel under the mountains. As for not finding it…I’m prepared to go the distance and travel over the mountain if I have to,” Prea answered with unwavering conviction. “You can always turn back. Whenever you want, Kael. Know that.”
Kael looked sideways at his companion, surprised by her sudden change of topic. He shook his head and sighed. “I’m not turning back. Wherever you go, I’m going. I wish you’d believe that.”
“I do believe that. Trust me, I do. It’s just I told you the mountains and now I’m telling you I don’t know what’s next. I just don’t want you to feel like you have to be here,” Prea muttered as she climbed. 
“Don’t get me wrong, I still don’t know whether or not I believe you, but now it’s finally getting interesting. So what’s the plan then?” Kael wondered.
Prea remained quiet for a few moments as she considered their options. They had followed the valley river up into the woods and stayed on the north side through the trees. 
“I think the river is a good place to start. There’s no other direction or path out here, just the river. The water will lead us north to its source and I figure it’s our best option,” she disclosed. “Water is a powerful element; any clue is likely close to the convergence of the elements. The more elements, the closer we’ll be,” she claimed. “What do you think?”
Kael shrugged next to her as he walked. “Sounds reasonable to me, but I’m just following your lead on this.” And he spoke the absolute truth; he was just along for the ride. 
“The river it is then.”
* * *
The water flowing in the river next to them remained steady, though it narrowed as they climbed. There were a few breaks in the trees where the clear blue sky peeked through overhead and openings among the branches that framed the valley below. The weather was heating up, but between the canopy of leaves and the higher altitude, it wasn’t much of an issue. It was pleasant during the day, but the temperature still dropped each night, forcing the travelers to maintain a fire or risk it getting too cold. 
When visibility lowered once more, the companions moved quietly through their evening routine before they both relaxed by the fire and drifted off. 
A deep howl of agony broke the silence of the night, propelling Prea into a sudden seated position as she scanned the surrounding darkness to find the source of the noise. Her pulse was pounding wildly in her ears and her breathing quickened as she was reminded of her mother’s screams all those years ago. What she found had her blood crystallizing into ice and her stomach tightening into a giant knot. 
Black surrounded the camp with ribbons of smoke the only remnants of the once-lit fire. The screams continued to pierce Prea’s heart like an arrow as she looked across the embers and saw Kael struggling on the ground, arms thrashing, his head caught in the strong jaws of a large wolf. 
Wolves? There are wolves in these woods? Instinctively Prea jumped to her feet, her thoughts frantic and incoherent. With fire the only weapon available, she grabbed a piece of smoking kindling, the flame immediately reigniting at her touch, before yelling and waving her arms in an attempt to distract the wild beast. She quieted as a shiver swept down her spine. Faint growling crept up behind her, forcing her head to spin like an owl’s in order to search the area for more predators. 
Kael escaped the clutches of the wolf’s teeth and scrambled to standing, backing away from the enemy threat. Somehow his mind still worked; he quickly appraised the situation, grabbed more kindling and began stoking the fire back to life in an attempt to scare off the wolves. Prea, on the other hand, continued to wave her hands, jump around and scream as loud as she could while she circled the camp defending her companion and their position from the possibility of attack. 
Kael managed to get the fire burning again and fed the flames with more wood until it blazed like the sun on the forest floor. In the sudden influx of light, Prea detected the rest of the pack spaced evenly around their camp, growling as they retreated from the fiery weapon. She kept up her defensive position, guarding her camp until the wolves shrunk back into the darkness, completely out of sight. Only then did Prea drop the torch she was holding, turn her back to the woods and tend to Kael who had blood streaming down his back. 
“They’re gone,” Prea declared. “Are you all right?” He gave no response. “Kael, are you all right?” Prea demanded once more, as she scrounged through her pack in search of medical provisions. Kael stayed quiet as he sat in front of the flames with his hand covering the back of his head. Prea moved behind him and pulled his hand away from the wound. “Kael, how are you feeling?”
“Huh?” He was dazed as he examined his bloody hand. “It…it hurts. How does it look?” he added anxiously.
Prea took the cloth in her hands and wet it with some water before gently blotting and wiping the blood from the wound. There were a few large gashes as well as puncture wounds all over the back of his head, the base of his skull, down to the top of his neck. She took her time separating his hair and skin, cleaning both until she could properly see the wounds that had yet to stop bleeding. The cloth was drenched in his blood and she left to get a new piece. 
“Hold this. Keep pressure on it,” Prea ordered and Kael’s blood stained hand came up to meet hers. 
She was careful and cautious as she moved through the forest in search of the river where she refilled her container with fresh water before returning to camp. After finding another piece of clean cloth, she resumed her treatment of Kael. Removing the dirty cloth, she threw it in the fire and watched it burn as she replaced it, adding pressure to the wound. She handed him the water. 	
“Here, rinse your hands off,” Prea instructed. Kael did as she said, flinching as his head moved under her hand. “That’s not a good sign,” she muttered under her breath. 
Prea rummaged through her pack again, this time looking for the remaining solution the apothecary had given her back in Flint. 
“Here take some of this for the pain. It will help,” Prea promised, handing the turmeric solution to Kael. “How are you doing?”
“The pain is…intense,” he mumbled in response, pulling away from her slightly. “I feel sick.”
Prea backed away from the fire until she met the uneven bark of a nearby tree. 	
“Come here,” she ordered, tugging on Kael’s shirt. “Come lay down. Right here. Come on,” she said, patting her lap. Kael gave her a half-hearted grin and did as she asked, scooting back towards her. He slowly lowered himself down, positioning his head carefully in her lap.
“Thank you,” he whispered into the flames.
Prea smiled sadly in the dark. “Just relax. Get some sleep. I’ll watch over you,” she whispered in reply as she stroked his hair. Her soothing touch and familiar presence lulled him to sleep and she took comfort in her own motions, feeling her pulse beat with the stroke of her hand. She focused on the weight of Kael’s head in her lap, his steady breathing and the warmth of the fire to keep her calm. 
The further they traveled, the worse things seemed to get. First her hallucinations, then the fall and now an attack from a pack of wolves. They were lucky, although Kael would probably think differently under the circumstances; it could have turned out a lot worse. But Prea thought it fitting she was the caretaker; now it was her turn to repay his kindness. 
Only at times like these did doubt enter Prea’s mind. She had been in such a rush to save Carr that she hadn’t thought of any of the ways things could go wrong on her quest. Maybe if she had thought about it, prepared more or been patient, then things would have gone differently. But then again, there was no use in second guessing her decisions. Things happened, she was where she was and there was nothing she could do to change the past. All she could do was plan better for the future. They would have to be more careful, make their camp more secure and be more aware of their surroundings. They couldn’t risk any more of these incidents happening in the future. 
Kael stirred. 
“Shhh. Sleep. Just sleep,” Prea whispered and smoothed his hair, sweeping a few strands off of his face. After he stilled, she took that time to strategically remove the cloth and check his wound. Prea noted that it had stopped bleeding and still looked clean. Relieved, she finally allowed herself to relax and, with the crackling of the fire, she soon drifted off herself.
* * *
A rustling noise woke Prea early the next morning, her muscles tight and stiff from her awkward position against the tree. Kael had moved, his head was still in her lap but now he was facing her. He turned away before she could stop him and rolled over onto the back of his head. He shot up, woken by the sharp stab of pain. 
“Oww,” Kael cried, his hands moving to the back of his head. 
“Watch it, you don’t want the bleeding to start up again,” Prea directed as she moved to check his wound. 
“I know. I’ll have to be more careful,” Kael said as Prea crouched behind him and began her examination. She parted his hair and brushed it out of the gashes where the openings were crusted over with dried blood. “How does it look?”
“It’s not bleeding anymore, so that’s good. But you should take some more of the turmeric solution for the pain,” Prea instructed as she retrieved the solution from her pack and offered it to Kael. 
“Thanks,” he replied.
Prea studied her companion closely; he looked tired and sore. They would have to take their time whenever they set off again. It would do neither of them any good to rush and risk more harm. They were ahead of schedule and could take their time for a bit as the goal of midsummer was still days away. She had yet to reveal that clue and didn’t want to worry him now with the information. 
“What?” he asked when he caught her staring.
“Nothing,” she answered shaking her head and averting her eyes.
“I’m fine, Prea. Truly,” he assured her. 
Prea wasn’t that convinced but nodded anyway. She would continue to watch him and worry. That was her life, wasn’t it? It was hard, nearly impossible, to turn off the worry and anxiety once it was triggered. She still worried about Alvie and Carr, obviously, and always would. But Kael now belonged among those ranks.






CHAPTER 17


The air turned sweet, becoming lighter the higher they climbed. The trees, underbrush and unusual moisture in the air created a jungle-like atmosphere around them. Prea and Kael climbed up and over a small slick ridge and met the last line of trees standing before a beautiful waterfall that flowed over the rock above and down the mountain behind them. 
It seemed they had made it; this place aligned with every clue in the poem. The elements converged here—there was an abundance of air, earth and water. The only one missing was fire, but Prea knew that if she was right, fire would be joining them soon enough. 
Kael looked down at Prea, unimpressed. “Is this it? How do we know we’re in the right place?”
“I’m…not sure.” Prea took a deep breath and focused on her surroundings. There was something more here, different from what she normally felt, a tingle in the earth below her feet, a whistle in the wind. It was power, an echo of immense power. She was sure of it, she could feel it. Prea’s hand brushed up against a tree beside her and she jumped, surprised by the shock of energy she received. “I don’t think this is the exact place, but we’re definitely close. I can sense it. There’s a power here. Can’t you feel it?” Prea wondered given the amount of power she could sense. She looked up into his face and saw the disbelief there.
“No. I don’t feel anything. It’s just a forest.” Kael paused, reflecting. “What’s it like?”
That surprised her; not the disbelief, she was expecting that, it was the acceptance followed by curiosity. She always knew that he was here out of a sense of honor or adventure, not because he believed in the legend or the stone. Maybe he was starting to believe in her, if nothing else, Prea thought.
How to explain? They never discussed these topics with anyone outside the family. But he was with her, had traveled this far on very little information. She supposed he deserved a little bit of her secret, she would just have to phrase it right.
“It’s hard to explain. There’s a prickle in my toes and I can feel a tickle in the wind, a little chill that raises the hair off the back of my neck. And I just got a jolt of energy from that tree when I laid my hand on it.” She pointed to the tree beside her. “Like I said, I’d know it when I found it. Part of it was the poem and its clues; the rest was…intuition.” She stepped forward and squatted down, running her hands through the water. A shiver ran up her arm, coursing through her blood and flowing straight to her heart. 
Kael watched Prea as she crouched by the river, her hair sparkling in the sun. An image came to him, a picture from a childhood school book. She looked like a wood nymph, surrounded by the forest and a waterfall, as she talked of tingles and power. 
“Have you always felt it? Has it been like this your whole life?” He wanted to know more, his curiosity never quite quenched when it came to Prea. 
She was glad to be facing away from him. The truth was yes, but she wasn’t ready to be that honest. 
“I’ve always felt a pull, a connection to nature. But that could have been my upbringing and my mother’s teachings. Nature has been the one thing I’ve always believed in, my silent companion.”
“You seem to have a strong connection, to say the least.”
“Yes, it feels that way,” she said, knowing that he had only brushed the surface. Prea cupped her hands in the water and slowly rose to her feet, letting the water leak through her fingers and watching it fall back to the masses. Her face turned toward the sky as the last of the water trickled from her hands. The sun was still rising in the east and it would be a while before it would be in its overhead position. She stepped away from the river, dropping her pack lightly on the ground. “We can rest for a bit before we search some more. We have time. And we shouldn’t have to go far.”
Kael nodded and sat down just as Prea did. The moisture in the air left the ground cushioned like a pillow and their bodies relaxed beneath them. Prea’s legs burned from exertion; the mountain slope had steepened in the last couple of days, making the journey slower and more difficult. Her pack didn’t help the cause, forcing her two steps back for every step forward. It was a miracle they had gotten this far, at least a miracle for Prea. Kael was a healthy young man who traveled for a living; he was doing just fine under the circumstances. 
“Have you thought about what you’re going to do when you get back and save your brother?” Kael asked quietly.
“Once he’s safe? No, I haven’t thought much about it.” She rummaged through her pack, digging out some food to eat. “I guess I’ll go back to teaching. I no longer know what normal is. Alvie will probably be grateful to give up the responsibility. And Carr’s still a boy; I have years left of parenting. So I’ll be there for my family and my friends and I’ll take it from there, I suppose.” Prea looked over at Kael. “What are your plans?”
“Me?” Kael stared at the flowing water. “I’ve never spent much time on the eastern coast. And I’ve never been to the Bay of Aldin.”
“You want to come back with me?” Her mouth dropped. “Why?”
“I want to see this through. Make sure your family is safe and your brother is okay.” He saw her surprise. “Do you really find that so shocking? I’ve been with you for most of this journey. I’m going to see you home.”
Prea wasn’t sure how to take that declaration. She had always thought of this as a temporary companionship, nothing lasting. But now he was talking about coming home with her to check on her family and her brother. That was something more, something completely unexpected. Here was a man who had literally run into her in the woods and he was turning into someone she could depend on, rely on. A few weeks before, she had thought most of those people were dead. They had left her alone. But she wasn’t alone anymore. 
As she sat here in the woods, a stirring started deep within her. It was a sensation she didn’t expect to feel again for a long time, if ever. But now that it was happening, she didn’t know what she should do about it. Should she accept it or reject it? It had been mere weeks since the man she loved was taken from her. What did this say about her? About the person she was?
“Well, before we can go back home, we first have to finish what we’ve started,” Prea replied softly, before she could feel anything else.
“What’s the next clue?” he asked. “How are we supposed to find this entrance? And where does it lead?” 
“We are looking for the song of the stars, which we’ve yet to find. And we are looking for a place where the elements converge, which we’ve found.”
“We have earth, air and water…but where’s the fire?” Kael interrupted.
“The fire will come soon enough,” Prea responded vaguely. “Sometimes things don’t have to be so literal. Sometimes they’re symbolic.”
“What do you mean?” Kael wasn’t a very symbolic person, Prea could tell.
“The fire doesn’t need to be present here in the form of flames and smoke, it can be represented in other ways. The sun, for example. The next part of the poem states: While fire arises twice within a day, the entrance unveiled and on display. The sun and summer, midsummer especially, are associated with the element of fire. Just as noon and the full moon are symbols as well.” 
Prea stood, stepping closer to the waterfall to get as far away from the surrounding trees as possible. She lifted her face to the sky, searching for the coming sun. She could start to feel the rays through the awning of branches to the east, but it wasn’t the best view. The trees were still too close together to see much above. This is what felt off about the space. They were close but there would never be an abundance of sunlight in this place. 
“I believe we’re waiting for the sun to be directly overhead in the middle of the day when sunlight is strongest. That aligns with the first occurrence of fire.”
“What’s the second?”
“The full moon is tonight. When the moon reaches its apex tonight will be the second occurrence. We may have to wait until then for the entrance to be revealed.”
“So we’re looking for an entrance to a tunnel?” Kael pushed. 
“That would be my best guess based on where we are, yes.” 
Prea returned to her seat. They would have to wait for a sign, something to tell them where to go next. She leaned back against a tree nearby, feeling the heat and pulse of the tree’s energy against her back as she faced the waterfall, watching it spill over the edge, tumbling down against the rocks. The melody of the rushing and splashing water filled her ears and mind, sending her into a daze, just like the fire. 
As the sun rose higher in the sky, Prea could feel the power magnifying around her. Even Kael noticed the change, looking around for some cause, some explanation for the shift. There was none; no visual changes. But he had noticed and that was something, progress perhaps. Maybe he would believe it now, Prea thought. Or maybe just believe in the possibility of it. 
The sun was directly overhead when Prea heard the most exquisite harmony float down to her upon the air. Her head snapped up, so fast it was practically an invisible movement. Those tones, so pure and ethereal. That had to be the song of the stars. They had heard unusual birds on the journey, especially when they had begun their climb through the trees. There was a possibility that the other birds were the song of the stars, but it wasn’t clear. It could have been a coincidence and they were all just following the river.
But this sound was…otherworldly. This was the song of the stars.
She jumped up, blindingly fast. “We have to go higher,” she exclaimed suddenly. 
“What do you mean?”
“We’re close but we have to go higher. That sound has to be the song of the stars. Have you ever heard anything like it?” Prea asked excitedly. “And it’s coming from above us, higher up the mountain. The right spot must be above this waterfall, that’s why we can sense the power but it’s not quite right.”
Prea didn’t wait for a response. She grabbed her pack and ran away from the water and farther into the trees. They couldn’t go straight up the rock face; they would have to go around and up. With every step she took, Prea felt an additional surge of power telling her she was on the right track. Kael’s footsteps thudded along heavily behind her, but she barely noticed. 
The river could no longer be seen from their position, and neither could the rock surrounding the falls. The land rose steeply on their right; it wouldn’t be easy, but it could be done. Prea hesitated for just a moment to catch her breath before she sprinted up the slope. Thirty feet up, the land finally leveled off slightly, a tiny path forming on her right. Listening for the rush and splash of water, Prea ran through the trees, Kael close on her heels. A glint could be seen in the distance; she hadn’t realized that they had gone that far around. Breaking through the last of the trees, she stopped abruptly, blinded for a moment and Kael paused behind her, barely avoiding a full on collision. Prea blinked a few times, before her eyes adjusted to the sudden influx of white light. 
This was it. A rush of powerful wind flew past her, tousling her hair about her face. Actually it flew through her, signaling they had reached their destination. The entrance or pathway was here. Kael stepped out from behind her and appraised their new location. It wasn’t just a river and a waterfall. 
On this level, a small cove had formed. Craggy rocks laced with emerald plant life rose up the mountain on the north side and another larger curtain of water poured over an edge high up that rock wall. The strong flow of water and the resulting splashes rippled the cove’s shining surface, spilling over the south edge and down to the river they had seen below. Here the space was wider and the sun shone down on them directly, turning the water into a shimmering mirror. The trees were farther from the edge, thick vegetation taking their place encircling the water. A rainbow assortment of flowers poked out of the greenery, adding an array of color to the scene.
Prea glimpsed something out of the corner of her eye. She lifted her head in time to see a small silver bird glistening in the light. It flitted through the air as fast as a hummingbird’s wings; there one second and gone the next. 
“Did you see that?” Prea asked, pointing to where the bird had disappeared. “The bird. Did you see it?”
“No,” Kael said sadly. “I didn’t.”
“It was beautiful. Delicate…but strong somehow. And silver.”
“It was silver?” Kael asked, surprised. He had never heard of a bird or animal being described as silver. He shook his head. “I guess that fits though, doesn’t it? A bird that sings the song of the stars would be odd in any other color.”
Prea looked at him disapprovingly. “Don’t make fun. You can feel it now, can’t you? This is the place.”
“Yes, I can feel it. And even if I couldn’t, there’s still something about this place…”
“Like it’s too perfect or something,” Prea finished for him.
“Yes,” he said simply. They dropped their packs on the ground. 
“We should look around while the sun’s still high,” Prea directed. Not sure what they were looking for, they went over every inch of their side of the cove including the neighboring trees. When they came up empty, Prea wasn’t defeated. The sun had fled across the sky, now hanging just above the trees on the western side of the cove. “We may have to wait for the moon.” 
“Maybe.” He was doubting her again, and he was starting to wonder what Prea would do if this wasn’t true, if there was no secret entrance or pathway. Probably go over the mountain, Kael thought. He was taken aback when Prea began undressing next to him. “What are you doing?”
She stopped at her undergarments, throwing her clothes in a pile on top of her pack. “There’s still enough light. I’m going to swim across and check out the other side.”
“Go for it. I’m going to stay here.” He sat down right where he stood.
“Suit yourself,” Prea said before she dove into the freezing cove. Summer and the sun had not done much to warm the water. She broke the surface, coming up with teeth chattering. “Heaven and earth, it’s cold in here.”
“What did you expect?” Kael said smugly.
By the time she reached the other side her teeth had stopped chattering as her body quickly adapted to the cold temperature, but they started up again as soon as she pulled herself onto the opposite shore. She shivered and shook as she searched, listening to Kael’s unnecessary coaching from their home shore. Still she found nothing and her feet were sore from walking on the forest floor. She jumped back into the water and came up facing the waterfall. Prea treaded water as she contemplated the falling water. There could be something hidden there, she thought and swam towards the rock wall. 
“What are you doing?” Kael yelled.
“I want to check the wall.” Prea ran her hands and feet over every piece of that wall, even skirting around the curtain of water to check directly behind. There was nothing. She continued her inspection of the rest of the wall before climbing out once more by Kael. 
Prea quickly threw on her dry clothes, trying to warm herself up as fast as possible. The shaking wouldn’t stop, though, and Kael stood, moving towards her. He ran his hands up and down her arms trying to rub some warmth back into her body. He switched to her hands, clasping them within his own and bringing them to his mouth to blow warm breath over them, followed by holding them tight and rubbing them gently. 
It wasn’t working; Prea was still shaking, teeth chattering away. 
“Come here,” Kael ordered, pulling Prea close.
He wrapped his arms tightly around her, her hands on his chest, sandwiched between them. Kael stroked her back, up and down, up and down. His body radiated heat, as if the sun were within him, blazing from his very core. They stood there holding each other for a while before Prea felt warm and comfortable enough to pull away. 
“Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.” He hadn’t let go of her completely; his hands still rested on her arms. He looked towards the sky where the sun had disappeared behind the distant trees. “We only have to wait a few more hours for night to come. The sun has begun to set.” 
Darkness descended slowly over the clearing and cove, creating an eerie effect. The star bird began singing again, but it remained hidden high in the trees. Its song was filled with loneliness, as if it was calling to its starry brethren as night fell, wishing to join them in the sky once more. And Prea saw the truth in the bird’s song as a stream of images entered her mind. This one remained far from home, in exile, living in the mountains of this strange land. Its heavenly brothers and sisters had left long ago, returning to their home in the elysian land in the sky. But this star bird endured, year after year, singing its forlorn melody night after night, at the same time never losing hope that it would eventually be reunited with its celestial family. 
The song was transcendently beautiful, equal parts lonely and hopeful, and it broke Prea’s heart. She closed her eyes, opening her heart and soul to the music. It was painful to feel it all at once: the loss, the grief, the unknown future and the uncertainty of life. The magnitude of it could drown her easily, if she let it. But the bird’s song hadn’t just brought the heartache, it tugged at something deep inside Prea, something she had forgotten. 
The will to live. 
She wanted to finish this mission and then see what else the universe had to offer. She would see her family again someday, until then though, they would want her to live, not just survive. 
She felt a light touch on her forearm and opened her eyes to see Kael looking at her with worry in his stormy blue ones. “Prea, are you all right? You’re crying.”
Prea covered his hand tightly with her own for a moment. “Yes, I’m fine. Better than I have been in a while.” 
Night had fallen and the glow of the moon could be seen through some of the trees. It wouldn’t be long now. Her anticipation could not be contained and she rose to watch the moon’s path between the stars. Kael mirrored Prea’s movements coming to rest beside her, his hand reaching out and clasping hers, their fingers lacing together. Her heart leapt in shock at the intimate gesture. 
The moon performed its nightly routine, a friendly face and a beacon of hope in the darkness. They stood, hand in hand, watching and waiting patiently for something magical to happen. The moon broke past the treetops, finally casting its glow onto the cove’s surface. Prea’s heart began to race in excitement. She pulled her hand from his grasp and stepped toward the water’s edge, paying close attention to the moon’s reflection on the water’s surface. She looked up to the sky then back down again to the water. The reflection stretched out as the moon continued her own journey. 
“Do you see anything?” Prea asked softly, not taking her eyes from the water. 
“No.”
Prea took another step closer to the edge. The reflection was pointing towards the waterfall, or so it seemed. She stared at the water spilling over the edge above, plunging downward, splashing as it connected with the pool of water. 
It never changed. 
No matter where the moon was above them, the reflection never moved. It remained fixed on that plummeting wall of water. 
“It’s the waterfall,” Prea whispered. She tore her shirt over her head and threw it to the ground, ripping her trousers off seconds later. Just as she had done earlier that day, she took a few steps and dove back into the midnight water. 







CHAPTER 18


Prea sliced through the frigid cove, arms and legs propelling her toward the waterfall. As she swam closer, the spray from the splashes blinded her temporarily. Diverting her path, she crossed to the wall and ducked behind the plunging veil. The light of the moon barely penetrated beyond and Prea was left wrapped in darkness, the splashes all she could hear. Her eyes scanned the rock face for any irregularities, her hands grazing every inch she could reach. There was nothing unusual and her feet didn’t find anything either. Prea examined the wall above her as she worked hard to remain above the water. 
Still she noticed nothing. 
Her eyes turned down; she hadn’t checked under the water. Prea took a deep breath and descended under the surface. Blackness encased her and a quick jolt of fear shuddered through her. Positioning her front facing the wall, Prea swam down, her hands groping in the darkness. She was almost out of breath, making the turn towards the surface when her hand met no rock. She lost her balance and her stomach bumped into the wall. 
Surprise, excitement and fear set her heart galloping within her chest and her lungs cried out for air. She turned, pushing off the wall and shooting to the surface. Breaking through, she gasped in fresh air, filling her empty lungs. After a few more breaths, she dove down again, pushing faster until she reached the anomaly. 
Her hands followed the edge of the hole, creating an image in her mind. It was a rather large opening; big enough for a person to fit through. She continued to explore. Every time she came up for air, she dove down again pushing farther into the unknown. It wasn’t just a hole or an underwater cave, but a tunnel, just as she thought. It took multiple trips before she managed to break the water’s surface inside the mountain. Prea climbed out of the water and hesitantly walked farther into the tunnel as her eyes tried to adjust to the complete darkness.
Kael! Prea had completely forgotten about her companion. She flung herself back into the water, swimming as fast as possible through the tunnel before rocketing to the surface. She came up outside of the waterfall and saw Kael splashing towards her in the water. 
He had come for her. He was flailing around, but he had come for her. 
“Prea! Prea! Heaven and earth, Prea. I thought you were dead.” It was clear that he was not comfortable in the water. She moved towards him, grabbing him by the hand. 
“Come on, let’s get out of here.” Prea pulled him along back to their little camp on the shore. They both lumbered out of the water, catching their breath and pulling on their dry clothes. 
“What did you find? You were gone for so long and I couldn’t see you. I got worried, but I…I hate the water,” he confessed. “I wasn’t going to just stand here and do nothing. I ran in before I could talk myself out of it.”
“I could tell.” He gave her a warning look. “And you still came in after me. There’s a tunnel beneath the waterfall. It’s just black down there, hard to see, so I was going by touch. It’s not very far down and the underwater part of the tunnel isn’t that long. You can make it with one breath. The tunnel continues on land; I got out and took a few exploratory steps. It looks like it goes all the way through under the mountain.”
Kael was quiet through her speech and his face held no emotion. She couldn’t get a read on what he was thinking or feeling. 
“What’s wrong?” Prea ran through the possibilities in her head and took a guess. “Is is the water?”
“No, it’s not that. Well, not just that. I had a bad experience when I was a kid, fell into a river near my house and got pulled under by the current. I almost drowned and, by the time I resurfaced, I was a ways downstream. I’ve hated the water ever since.” 
“What is it, then?” Prea asked. Racking her brain, she could come up with only one other option. “It’s the tunnel.”
He nodded and sat on the ground, leaning back against a tree. “I’m not sure if I can do it. I spend most of my time traveling through the woods and, even though there’s lots of trees, I don’t feel trapped. Walking through Colter with all their buildings so close together almost caused me problems. A narrow, dark tunnel…I’ve never done that before.”
Prea understood. Fear was a tricky thing; it could be good and protect you or it could be bad and limit you. Prea wouldn’t let fear limit her on this journey, not while Carr’s life was at stake. But she didn’t want to force him to do something he didn’t want to do. 
Kael said nothing and avoided her gaze. She saw him second guessing his decision. 
“You can always turn back if you want to, you know that,” she said with complete sincerity. 
“I don’t want to turn back. I’m not leaving you to do this alone.”
“I don’t want to make you do something you don’t want to do.”
Kael stood in a flash and grabbed her hands. “Prea, let me make this perfectly clear. No one, no one, can make me do something I don’t want to do. I am my own man and I make my own decisions. I’m coming with you.”
“All right.” She slipped her hands out of his grasp and attempted to compose herself before speaking again. “All right. I’m thinking we should get some sleep now and then we can enter the tunnel in the morning when the sun is out. That way it won’t be so dark under the water.”
“Sounds fine to me.” 
Sitting down again, Kael laid back against his pack and closed his eyes. Prea did the same, wilting to the ground from exhaustion. She knew water was a powerful element and it had stripped away all of her energy as she moved through it. Her body was heavy, her mind was unable to focus and her head sunk onto the top of her pack, sleep quickly overcoming her senses. 
* * *
Morning came quickly, the brightness of the sun causing Prea to wake. She walked over to the shore and watched the showering water disguise the entrance to their secret tunnel. Her pulse was thudding away, the anxiety of traveling through the black tunnel starting quickly in the sun’s rays. She wasn’t any more comfortable with the idea of being trapped in a narrow tunnel below the mountain than Kael was, but she wouldn’t have time to focus on her own fear when Kael’s would probably be worse. 
She turned back to look at the man sleeping on the hard ground. He appeared younger in sleep, the sweet face of a boy, not a man. She had this urge to go over and push the hair off his face. 
In a perfect world, this would be Carr’s future. He would wake up, still a young boy, but with a long future ahead of him. He would grow, become a man and live whatever life he wished. She hoped he would grow to be like Papa and Leal and Kael. A good man with love and values and passion. But most importantly, a man who still believed in hope. 
Kael sat up and Prea was so consumed with her hopes and dreams, she didn’t even notice. Her vision faltered a few minutes later and she blinked multiple times before refocusing on her present. His blue eyes stared back at her, returning her own watchful behavior. Neither moved, both just watched. He had caught her staring and he wasn’t going to break the silence first. 
“Hi,” Prea breathed out.
“Good morning.”
“Any second thoughts?”
“No. I told you yesterday that I wasn’t leaving you. I meant it.”
“Okay. When do you want to do this?” They were midway up the mountain and Prea had no idea how long the tunnel was or where it came out on the far side. They would have to rely on faith for this part of the journey.
“We might as well get it over with as quickly as possible.” They were too nervous to eat, instead they gathered up their belongings in silence. 
“Here’s how we’re going to do this. I’m going to take my pack and bring it through the tunnel and leave it there. Then I’m going to do the same thing with yours. Then I’ll come back for you and we can go together. Are you all right with that?” 
A nod was all she received in response. 
She didn’t bother to strip down this time—all of their belongings were going to get wet so it didn’t matter if she was wearing them or not. Prea grabbed her pack, dragged it to the water’s edge and slowly entered the cove. When the water reached her chest, she set out pulling the bag behind her. Prea was struggling when she reached the splashing waterfall, working hard to negate the bag’s pull beneath her. 
A deep breath in and she dove, kicking fiercely, feeling for the tunnel’s entrance. Finding it, she scooted in and swam hard until she reached the surface. Rolling the bag onto the dry rock, she pushed it further into the darkness before turning back. She made it to shore and took the same trip with Kael’s pack before returning for the last time to retrieve Kael himself. 
He was already knee deep in the water when she came up for air in the middle of the cove. She swam towards him as he walked further into the water to meet her. 
“Are you ready?” Prea held out her hand.
“Ready as I’ll ever be,” Kael said, clasping Prea’s outstretched hand as she led him deeper and eventually they reached the waterfall. 
“Now I’m going to take you down to the entrance so you can see how far it is. Then we’re just going to come up again. All right?”
“Yes.”
Prea grabbed his hand as they both took a deep breath and descended. They reached the entrance quickly and Prea watched Kael’s face closely before she signaled and they swam back to the surface. “How was that?”
“Fine.”
“So the underwater part of the tunnel is about the same distance as the entrance is from here. Do you think you can make it that far?”
“Sure.”
“When we get down there, you should go first. Keep your arms out in front of you and kick hard. I’ll follow after you. It should be over pretty quickly.”
“Good.”
One. Two. Three. Deep breath. Dive. Tunnel. Kick. All went according to plan. When Prea broke the surface in the dark, Kael gripped her hands and hoisted her right out of the water. She fell into his open arms and, for a few moments, they just held each other in the darkness, the air wet and cold, their clothes dripping on the floor as they tried to control their shivering. Prea pulled away, trying to make out his face in the black hole they had found themselves in. 
She leaned over, searching for her pack on the ground. “Let’s get started. It’ll be slow going, but we should make it through within the day. How are you feeling?”
“Like I just said goodbye to the sun for the last time and I’m going to die down here,” Kael said melodramatically.
“So you’re fine then. Good, let’s go,” said Prea, smiling in the darkness. 
She took a leap of faith and stepped into the black. Any words spoken echoed against the rock walls, as if hundreds of people were stationed along the length of the tunnel. There was not a stitch of light and their eyes never adjusted to the darkness.
Kael was extremely quiet as he walked beside Prea. Too quiet, she thought, reaching out in the shadows to where his hand should be and finding a clenched fist instead. Not a good sign. If they had been in the light, she was sure his knuckles would have been ghostly white from the pressure. She took his hand in both of hers and slowly unfurled his fingers, feeling the half moon marks his nails had dug into his palm before lacing his fingers with her own. 
“Just breathe, Kael. Deep breaths. Focus on my voice,” Prea began soothingly. “I have a lot of experience with these kind of situations. You see, Carr has these coughing fits every now and then. For the most part, he’s a healthy and happy kid. But sometimes, the coughing starts and he can’t make it stop. And then he panics because he can’t breathe. I was there the first time it happened and I’ve been there every other time. You just have to breathe.”
“I can’t. The walls…they feel like they’re shrinking, stripping the air away, suffocating me. What if there isn’t an end? What if we get trapped?” Kael exclaimed, his voice rising with fear and anxiety.
Prea was so focused on Kael that she forgot to pay attention to her feet and where she was walking. She tripped and, still holding his hand, stumbled in the darkness, reaching out with her free hand in an attempt to brace herself for impact. Her perception underground was skewed and she didn’t realize the tunnel wall was closer than she thought. Luckily she was able to use the wall for balance rather than falling all the way to the ground.
As soon as her hand touched the rock, something magical happened. The darkness receded a tiny bit as the stone above them began to emit a faint gleam. It was as if stardust had been painted on the ceiling, capturing the glow of light and locking it in place until it was called upon. Prea was utterly amazed and paused, everything else forgotten.
“How is that possible?” Kael asked, astonished. This journey thus far had been an adventure, but he still had his doubts. He believed in Prea, if nothing else, but this first display of the otherworldly had him wondering if he should reevaluate everything. What if she ended up being right, all along? About everything? 
“Well, it could be some unknown mineral or type of rock – or it could be something that Aylin and Ciro did long ago when they were here.” 
“It doesn’t matter. At least we can see a little better.”
Time passed, whether it be fast or slow; they had no way of telling. Prea was sure they had made good progress and, somehow in this dank underground world, their clothes had finally dried. Kael’s anxiety had lessened since the tunnel had lightened, but the two remained hand in hand for the rest of their time under the mountain. 
Finally there was a brightness in the distance and the air was fresher as they came to the other side of the mountain, relief washing through them. The sun was still visible, only beginning its descent in the western sky, but their eyes couldn’t handle the sudden brightness. Standing in the tunnel’s southern opening, they squinted down into the vale below, waiting for their eyes to adjust so they could see what lay before them.








CHAPTER 19


A valley fell below them, surrounded on all sides by the glorious snowcapped mountains of Valtera. The ground dropped sharply beneath their toes, ice snaking down the mountainside directly below them. The mountain slopes were steep along the entire northern half of the valley, ice cutting through the land like nature’s frozen tears. Trees flowed from halfway down the slopes, circling around to the east, leaving the west all but bare. The land evened out in the center, a lush green swath of grass tumbling away to the south where a perfectly round lake, blue as a sapphire, hugged the southwestern mountainside like a lover. 
Prea choked out a sound that landed somewhere between a laugh and a gasp; her eyes sparkled with unshed tears of surprised relief. It was almost too much to absorb: the emotions, the sights, the sounds; her brain was practically exploding from astonishment. She had never seen anything like it before in her entire life. Prea had known all along that this place existed, that this was the end of her journey, ever since her dream, but being here and seeing it was different. It was indescribable. 
A light squeeze caught her attention and she turned to find Kael staring down at her.
“I told you we’d find it. I told you it was real,” Prea said, staring into eyes that seemed to glow gold in the sunlight, though in reality, she knew they mirrored the blue of the lake below. She had never seen him like this, with a smile that lit up his face from within and eyes that glittered with joy and amazement. It was an expression of pure emotion and Prea knew hers matched.
“You have no idea how glad I am to be wrong,” Kael said and he raised his free hand to her cheek, brushing her hair out of her face. As if it belonged there, Prea tilted her head into his palm and they stood for another moment, eyes locked as Kael stroked her cheek lightly with his thumb. His eyes held hers as he leaned in slowly, grazing his lips against hers. After a second, Kael’s hand moved to the back of her neck and the kiss deepened.
“What was that for?” Prea said finally as she pulled away slightly, the stirring reignited. 
“Celebratory gesture,” Kael said, smiling.
Prea’s eyes shimmered. “Now that we’ve celebrated our discovery, how are we going to get down from here?”
The tunnel opened out onto nothing, a circle cut into the side of the mountain in a seemingly random location. The mountain slope jutted out into a small ledge ten or fifteen feet below them; it was hard to tell. Their only options were to climb down or jump onto a slick river of ice and pray for a safe landing. 
“Climb or jump,” Kael replied, his mind on the same page. “Which will it be?”
Kael went first, carefully climbing down until he hung from the opening by his fingertips. He let go and fell the rest of the way to the sloping glacier. There was no way to land other than hard, his feet colliding with the ice with a loud thump. The slippery surface provided no traction and he toppled to the ground with a scream.
“Are you all right?” Prea called down anxiously. He answered with a moan. “Kael? Are you all right?” Still no answer, just sounds of pain. 
With nothing left to do, Prea followed suit, falling farther and landing just as hard, if not harder. Her feet met ice, legs slipping out from under her. She fell sideways, landing on her hip before her head struck the ice with a loud crack. 
The pain was ferocious and she couldn’t even release a scream as she continued to slide down the icy slope. Prea managed to regain some sense and dug her heels into the ice until she forced herself to stop. Using all of her strength, she rolled over and saw she had passed by Kael. 
Her head was throbbing and it was hard to focus as she lifted her hand to feel the lump growing under her hair. She flinched when she touched it, pain shooting over her entire skull.
“Kael?” 
“Prea?” Kael responded through gritted teeth.
“Can you slide down here?”
“Give me a minute,” Kael said as he prepared to move.
Prea tried to move as well, shifting on the cold ice until she was sitting up for the most part, heels still dug in preventing her from moving further down the mountain. It took Kael a minute before he slid down, clutching his left arm to his chest until he reached her. 
“What’s wrong?” Prea asked immediately.
“I hit my elbow on the ice. I think it might be broken,” he managed with a grimace. 
“This is so not good,” Prea groaned. 
“Are you all right?” Kael wondered.
“I hit my head…and my hip, but other than that…” Prea trailed off, looking around. “We can’t do anything up here. We have to get to lower ground.” 
The two had a better perspective from their current location, but that perspective wasn’t going to make the next leg of the trip any easier. Standing was not a possibility; the ice was too vertical, too slippery. 
“We’re going to have to slide down,” Prea determined. Kael just nodded. 
They sat on the frigidly glassy ground and dug their heels in as they slid quickly down the ice. They couldn’t stop, they could only slow their progress slightly as they made their way down the mountain. The crisp air whipped past, stinging eyes and burning skin. Her eyes couldn’t help but water and the tears flowed in little frozen streams down her cheeks. Equal parts fear and exhilaration coursed through Prea as they sailed downwards, her hair billowing out behind her like golden streamers on the wind.
A month and a half in and she had covered half of the nation in that time, but this part of the journey was over in a flash. When they reached the tunnel opening they were half way up the mountain. Sliding down the ice, Prea and Kael managed to cover half of the remaining distance in a matter of minutes. This must be what it feels like to fly, Prea thought. She felt free—free and alive, her pain momentarily forgotten. 
The end of the glacier grew close as their speed continued to climb. There was nothing to be done as the ice abruptly ended, their feet striking ground, flinging them into the air as they tumbled to the dry, hard earth. Their bodies crashed, rolling down the slope until every bit of flesh and bone pulsed in pain and they were left in lumps on the ground, groaning as the pain grew more intense. It took a long time before Prea was able to stumble to her feet where she swayed in place, dizziness overcoming her. 
When the world righted itself, she stripped off her pack and made her way to Kael who was lying on his side, his arm still clutched to his chest. Her mind was fuzzy as she rolled him onto his back and saw the scowl on his face.
“Come on,” she said, trying to free his good arm from his pack. “We need to get this off of you.”
“What are you going to be able to do if it’s broken?” 
“I don’t know. I’ll try something,” she muttered as she got one arm free. “Can you sit up?” She didn’t wait for an answer, just helped to pull him to a seated position. She moved behind him and shifted the pack so that it was on his left side, and gently removed the strap with as little movement as possibly. He still gasped in pain. 
“Can you move it at all?”
“Barely.”
“Okay.” Prea dug through both packs, trying to find the additional cloth they had purchased for bandages. She tore the fabric into two long strips, and did her best to bind his arm to his body to keep it immobile. “That’s the best I can do for now. Can you get up?” she asked, and Kael gripped her hand, pushing into the ground with his feet as he rose.
He stood in place as she searched for more pain solution for the both of them, taking a swig herself before handing the rest to him.
“You go on ahead. I’ll be right behind you,” she instructed. 
“What about…”
“I’ve got both packs. You go on ahead.” The pain clearly made him compliant as he walked away without another word. He started down the slope as Prea looked around for a minute before following. She still couldn’t wrap her mind around everything that had happened; right now she was just captivated. 
The land was not just grass like the valley in Rodor, nor filled with trees like the forests of Alder; it was a combination of the two. Sections of open emerald turf were laced between groupings of towering trees. It was the best of both worlds, with the runoff from the glacier carving a small stream into the land. The colors seemed more vibrant here, even as the sun continued to set.
The wind whooshed and swooped among the trees, across the mountain slopes, carrying the songs of a distant bird on its back. As with all their recent encounters, this tune was new and unfamiliar. In fact there were multiple birds, each with their own harmony, the melodies knitting together and melding into a unique song. 
The two limped as far as they could, following the trickling stream water until the sun’s light crossed over the western peaks. As the light dimmed, the travelers automatically drifted towards the closest thicket of trees, picking a place a few feet in to set up camp. They were almost positive no one lived in this part of Valtera, but it still felt safer to be among the trees. 
As night joined them, the sounds of the land changed, shifting to match the darkening sky. The wind stayed strong, the afternoon birds’ songs fading away as other deeper notes started ringing through the air.
Without talking, they set about their camp routine, collecting wood and building a fire. Prea collected some cold stream water and brought it back to the camp right as Kael gathered a few pieces of firewood with his good arm. When Prea returned, she lit the wood with the firestone and got the fire blazing. The crackling wood and fizzing sparks added notes to the woodland choir, as Prea and Kael cozied up to the warmth of the flames in the dropping temperatures.  
Before they could eat, Prea wanted to check on Kael’s arm now that they were by a source of heat. Her head was pounding and the pain was radiating down her spine as she helped Kael undress the top half of his body. His joint had swelled and was starting to change color as she examined it. 
“How’s the pain?” she asked, looking into his deep eyes.
“Bearable,” he answered as he watched her work. 
She produced some turmeric and salt, combining them into a salve which she gingerly applied to the swollen joint. He winced even under her light touch and she was reminded of her ribs after her tumble in Alder. 
“That should help with the swelling. I’m thinking it’s better to bind your arm to your body under your clothes and just leave it like that for as long as possible.”
“All right,” he said and shifted so she could reset his arm. He grimaced throughout the ordeal and she couldn’t help but shake her head. “What?”
“You shouldn’t have come,” Prea muttered when she finished. “I never should have let you come with me.”
“What are you talking about?”
“If you hadn’t have come, then you wouldn’t be in this mess. You wouldn’t have gotten attacked by wolves and you wouldn’t be hurt now.” Her mind was hazy from the pain and her body felt funny. 
“Good heavens! Haven’t we been over this?” Kael argued impatiently. 
“There’s the potential for more than just adventure here,” Prea continued as if he hadn’t spoken. “We’re now in the middle of the mountains, both injured, and we’re still going to have to find a way out of this place. And it will be no easier than how we got in.”
“How many times do I have to say it? This is the final time. You do not make me do anything. I am here by my choice. And I don’t want to hear you say anything else about it.”
“I’m ruining your life. This isn’t your responsibility. You should be off, traveling Valtera, living however you want.”
“You’re kidding, you have to be. Prea, you were right before. I wasn’t living, I was just existing. This has been unbelievable, but I wouldn’t change my decision. This whole journey has been a once in a lifetime experience,” Kael said simply. “And my being in Ashton…maybe it was fate.”
Her gaze latched onto his piercing blue eyes and her stomach rolled over. “I thought you didn’t believe in that sort of thing.”
“All of this has me reevaluating what’s possible,” he replied seriously.
“I have to…I’ll be right back,” she muttered quickly and ran through the trees, away from the fire and Kael, her hand clamped over her mouth. When she could no longer see their camp, Prea fell to her knees and proceeded to be sick next to a tree until there was nothing left in her stomach. She managed to climb to her feet at some point, dizzy and confused, before walking the rest of the way back to the stream. 
Prea collapsed on the bank and splashed cold water on her face hoping it would make her feel better. She rinsed her mouth, drank a little and looked up, greeting the moon as she crossed over the far peaks to the east. It was a comforting sight; the moon was there for her every night without fail, another mother in the sky. She looked to the moon for guidance right now, her life ceasing to make sense the farther she traveled on this journey.
“Please let this work, Aylin. I need something in my life to go as planned and this is the one thing I ask for. Please let me save my brother. He doesn’t deserve to die, especially not because of my shortcomings. Let me do this right.” 
That was her prayer for the evening, her plea to the light in the darkness of the night. Once done, Prea strolled through the shadows, weaving between the few trees to get back to their camp. She stoked the fire, watching the flames twist and twirl on top of the ashen logs, listening to the song of the forest life as she drifted off to sleep under the starry midnight sky.







CHAPTER 20


Birds chirped high and loud from the tops of the trees above Prea’s head. She sat up on the wooded floor and shook her head, trying to rid her mind of the hazy confusion. Though the pain was better today, the feeling of sickness remained and her body still felt odd. It took a moment to get her bearings and, only when she glanced around, did the truth sink in. They had made it; found their way to the secret home of the sun and the moon in the middle of the mountains of Valtera. 
Kael was nowhere in sight. Probably getting some water, she thought. 
Prea scrambled to her feet, the world spun and her stomach dropped. She leaned against a nearby tree until everything righted itself and she slowly walked in the direction of the stream. Before she left the woods, she caught sight of Kael by the stream’s edge and paused by a tree, watching him for a quiet second. He was standing in the early morning sunshine, shaking out his dripping hair. He looked up as she stepped out into the light. 
“Morning,” Prea greeted.
“Hello, Prea,” Kael responded.
“Have you been up long?” Prea asked, walking towards him.
“A while. I couldn’t sleep, so I walked around a bit.” He played with his hair as Prea leaned down to get some water. “I haven’t seen any wildlife except the birds.” He hesitated, looking off into the distance. “They really are beautiful.”
“They’re also very loud,” Prea said drily, bringing a ghost of a grin to Kael’s face. “How’s your arm?”
“Still painful. Maybe slightly better. I took more of that stuff for the pain.”
“I’ll check it again before we leave.”
“Okay,” he responded, studying her face. “How are you feeling?”
“Me? I’m fine,” she said and stood, returning his gaze. It was clear he didn’t believe her, but she still felt nauseous and really didn’t want to focus on their injuries at the moment. He lifted his good hand to the side of her head, feeling the large bump hidden under her golden strands. Prea flinched at his touch. 
“You ran away last night,” he said softly. “You’re not fine.”
“That was nothing. I just felt a bit ill. I’m in better shape than you are.”
“We’ll see about that,” Kael answered as they started walking back to camp. 
Prea rifled through their belongings for some food for breakfast. However, her nibbling did not go unnoticed by her companion. He apparently was going to keep an eye on her. 
“Where are we headed today?” he wondered. “I take it we’re not going to have to scour every inch of the land to find what we seek.”
“We’re going to the lake,” Prea answered simply.
“Okay.” Kael had learned not to ask questions; she would give him her reasons and explanations when necessary. Anyway, the lake made sense to him somehow. There was a symmetry between water and the sky, an overwhelming immensity that was both fascinating and terrifying at the same time. 
With Prea carrying both packs their pace was slow at best, but the two fell back into step as they set off, keeping to the shade of the forest that provided momentary relief from the burning sun. The weather had begun to swelter, summer finally arriving in the mountains. Even the awning of branches couldn’t protect them from the powerful rays, sweat pooling in uncomfortable places. Prea spun her hair, twisting it around itself so her neck was free and clear. The sloped earth made their progress easy and soon the trees ended, leaving only the grassy field between them and the lake’s shore. 
“I have never been this hot in my entire life,” Prea complained, wiping perspiration from her brow as they stopped for a break.
“Really?” Kael asked. 
“Yes, is that really so surprising? I live on the coast. The sea breeze keeps the air cool.” Prea shielded her eyes as she glanced around in the bright daylight. “I’ve never traveled anywhere else.”
“Then you will never want to go to Nodin, let alone Egan which is far hotter and drier. I grew up in Nodin which can get hot in the summer, but I’ve been to Egan and even I thought that place was too hot. Water is scarce there, the air oppressive and the heat unbearable. This, on the other hand, is nothing in comparison. It’s quite nice, really,” Kael said, quietly chuckling at her discomfort. 
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” Prea accused lightly. “But my skin feels as though it’s baking. How do you stand it?” She was quite serious now. 
“It’s rough in the beginning, but just like the dark, you’ll adjust to the heat. We won’t be here long enough for you to adapt. And in the mountains, the sun is only bad during the middle of the day when it’s highest in the sky. Once it moves towards the western peaks, the mountain’s shadows will provide shade and the temperature will cool down.”
* * *
That night they relaxed on the emerald grass, laying beneath the bright stars waiting for sleep to come. It was cool, but comfortable and peaceful in this hidden place. Prea searched the sky, wishing for a sign or message from the heavens, but the desire only made her long for her mother. It was a keen reminder that her mother was no longer here to offer guidance or support.
“You don’t speak much of Leal,” Kael commented in the quiet. 
Prea’s heart started beating harder in her chest and she was glad to be surrounded by darkness. 
“What do you want to know?” she whispered, trying to keep her voice steady. It was hard to speak of her lost love; it was hard to speak of anyone she lost. Her grieving period was cut short, dramatically, and her life was in an extreme state of flux. It would take being back home with her brother safe before she would be able to focus on herself.
“He was a sailor, right? How did you meet?”
“Three years ago he came back as one of the crew on my father’s ship after a trip to Delmar. My father brought him home for dinner the first night he was back.” She didn’t want to talk about him, not here, and especially not with Kael. Her heart and mind were a battleground of emotions and, right now, there wasn’t a clear cut winner. Too much had happened, too quickly, and she didn’t really know how to take it all. 
Talking of Leal didn’t just bring grief, it brought surprising guilt as well. 
“What was he like?”
“Why do you want to know?”
“I’m curious,” he said and looked over at her, but she continued to stare at the stars. 
“I don’t really know what to say.”
“You were going to get married, weren’t you?”
“That was the plan,” she answered, surprised that he remembered.
“And yet you don’t know what to say?”
“Why are you pushing?”
“I just find it strange that you’ve talked about your parents, your siblings and your friends, but you’ve barely said anything about the man you loved.”
“Have you ever been in love?” she asked, trying to postpone the conversation as much as possible. And she was willing to do it at all costs. 
It took him a long time to answer, longer than she expected. “No.”
“So you don’t know. And I don’t know how to explain.”
“You could try,” he murmured defensively. 
“I feel guilty,” Prea snapped and sat up, clutching her knees to her chest. “And it’s not ‘loved’. I still love Leal. I’ll always love him,” she added, but it was more for her benefit than his.
“Why on earth do you feel guilty?” He was dumbfounded, having very little experience with relationships himself.
“I don’t feel like I’m being fair to him. Like other things…other people were, and are, more important than my love for him. Or my grief for him.” 
“You lost a lot, Prea. It’s understandable to be stretched thin in terms of grief.”
“But then I look up and think of him as one of those stars up in the sky, shining down on me. What if he’s seeing me more clearly than maybe he did in life? Like he’s witnessing it all. And what if he’s not happy with what he sees? It just feels like I’ve betrayed him somehow.”
She didn’t really know what to do as her eyes pricked with tears. It hurt to talk about it, but it hurt not to as well and discussing it with Kael made it even worse. For having little experience with love or loss, he listened to her and managed to say all the right things. And that made the guilt worse. 
“Prea,” Kael said. “Prea, look at me.” It took a while, but eventually she turned to him. “It might hurt, but just remember how you reacted to that dream. That’s proof enough. You loved him so much that your grief almost consumed you. That’s nothing to feel guilty about.”
She laid back down on the grass and searched the sky for Leal, tears falling from her eyes. Prea couldn’t be sure, but she thought she saw one star flash brighter than the rest, if only for a second. But it was enough of a reminder.
“He was a prankster,” she whispered into the night and smiled as that star flashed bright once more.
* * *
The glen was rather small and the two made their way across the open field to the lake in a day and a half. It was a welcome relief, the water the last obstacle between Prea and the stone. They stood side by side on the shore, Prea dropping both packs onto the ground beside them as they watched the still water. This was the answer, the end of the road, the final destination. Everything Prea felt upon finding the tunnel was magnified a hundredfold as she stood in the presence of her heart’s greatest desire. 
“We’re here, now what?” 
“Now I get the stone.” Prea kicked off her boots and peeled off her shirt, walking away from a stunned Kael. She pulled off her pants, letting them fall on the last bit of dry ground before her feet touched the water. 
“Where? How?” That was all he managed; words failed him as he watched her undress on the way to the lake. She left her undergarments on, just as she’d done at the waterfall, but now she was a sight to behold bathed in glorious sunlight. 
She stopped at the sound of his voice, looking over her shoulder at him. Her smile was wicked and knowing as she revealed her last secret.
“I saw it…in a dream.” Prea turned, running until she was knee deep before diving into the water. 
Under the surface life took on a distorted feel, vibrant and enhanced. She glided through the deep blue before breaching the surface for air as she swam across the calm lake towards the mountain. As she moved closer, she spent more time slithering under the surface, sinking downwards through the remains of a stone courtyard on the lake bed. 
The mountain glen was where Aylin and Ciro lived, but the stone was located in their home. She had seen it as it had been, long ago, the temple carved into the mountain base with its stone courtyard beautifully mixed with elements of nature. The plants and shrubbery of the courtyard were no longer there, not suited to life on the bottom of a lake; the lake which had formed from the runoff of the melting glacier on the mountain slope above. 
One last time she surfaced, took a deep breath and plunged deep into the lake. The light dimmed as she descended; arms slicing, legs kicking, she crossed the threshold into the temple home of the sun and the moon. And there on the opposite wall, in what could be called the foyer, was an amazing depiction of Aylin and Ciro etched into the solid rock. The light was brighter here, the rock ceiling glowing just as the tunnel had. The wall gleamed as well, illuminating the etched image, bringing it to life somehow. It was as if they were still there, just under the surface of the stone.
Ciro’s profile was inscribed on the bottom of the western side of the wall, his gold curls flowing around his head. His eyes sparkled in awe of his love, his incredulity at her presence, and yet it was tinged with a hint of sadness. His arm extended upward, reaching desperately for his beloved. On the top of the eastern side, Aylin’s face turned downwards, her hair flying behind her. Her eyes glittered with the love only found in dreams, with respect and poignancy. Her arm was lowered, offered towards her other half. 
It was utterly breathtaking. Prea’s eyes had never seen anything that embodied the immensity, the purity of everlasting love. And in the space between their outstretched hands was a brilliant gleam of light, emanating from a stone set into the wall. The light bloomed, love pouring out to her in the water, passing through her, almost suffocating her with the enormity of it. 
Quickly, Prea raced to the surface, sobbing with emotion as she sucked in fresh air before diving once more. This time she laid her hand on the carving, a shock trilling her fingers, rushing up her arm and vibrating throughout her entire being. She dug at the stone, hope threatening to burst her heart wide open. Astonishingly, the stone came free with very little effort and floated onto her palm. She held the heavens in her hands for a moment, then ran her left hand lightly over the etching, feeling everything there was to feel, committing it all to memory, before she flew back to the water’s tranquil surface. 
* * *
The infirmary was quite empty, the warm weather keeping away any serious sickness in town. Anyone that came in now typically had problems relating to heat which could be remedied easily. As a result, Alvie wasn’t very busy with patients and was taking time to organize some of the infirmary’s supplies. 
Clean cloth and linen needed to be folded and stacked, oils needed to be extracted from herbs and the dirty bandages and linens needed to be burned. She had a list of things to do and once the list was finished, she would check on Carr before heading home. 
Alvie hummed while she folded, feeling the warm air coming through the open window. Soon a bird joined in on the harmony, singing along happily. After she finished with the linen, she returned to the window where the bird sat on a nearby branch, its song now hushed.
“Thanks, beautiful. For the song,” Alvie muttered through the window. The bird turned towards her for a second and Alvie nodded slightly in recognition before it took off. She watched the bird fly away for as long as she could, wanting to witness the bird’s complete freedom. 
“Hello, Alvie,” Beda said, coming up behind her. 
“Hi, Beda,” Alvie responded, turning around to greet her sister’s best friend. “What are you doing here?”
“Just checking in. Did Dal get in touch with you?”
“No. Why?”
“He stopped by the shop, said he was needed for a quick relay up to Birch. Just left.”
“How long?” Alvie wondered reluctantly. She didn’t like it when he was gone, even for a short trip.
“Just tonight. Though he might not be back until tomorrow afternoon or evening.” Alvie looked away, her expression dejected. “Don’t worry, Alvie. He won’t be gone long.”
“I know, but I tend to notice someone’s absence more than most.”
“Sweetheart, I know you feel like you’re all alone, but you’re not. I may be closer with Prea, but I’ve known you your entire life and you’re just as much my little sister as you are hers. We’re family after all. Always have been, always will be.”
Alvie turned back to Beda, someone who she had, in fact, known her whole life, but was now seeing in a new light. “I never knew you felt that way,” she said.
“Are you kidding? We don’t talk about it much, but Dal and I always felt more at home with your family than either of ours. I love my parents, but Prea and Dal are my sister and brother. So are you and Carr.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Alvie replied, caught off guard by Beda’s admission. 
“You don’t need to say anything,” Beda responded simply. “But I do want to add that Dal’s always had his eye on you. It’s nice to see you two spending more time together.” 
“Alvie!” someone called anxiously, causing both girls to turn in the direction of the voice. “Alvie, come quick. It’s Carr!”
* * *
Prea moved slowly across the lake, feeling the power of the stone heavy in her hand. She flipped over onto her back, closed her eyes and floated on the warm surface, her feet lightly propelling her towards the shore. She wanted to absorb everything here: the sun’s warmth, the water’s fluidity, the stone’s power. In this moment, she felt the energy of the universe surround her and she finally believed that life might work out after all. Prea spun right side up as the shore came closer and waded out of the water, walking up to Kael on the dry ground. Holding out her hand, she let the stone spill off her fingers and fall into Kael’s outstretched palm. 
Kael’s blue eyes glowed for a split second in the reflection of the stone as he stared, turning it over in his hand. In the light, Prea could see it clearly. It was small and round, fitting perfectly in the palm of her hand; a luminescent white color with speckles deep inside, changing colors in the light. 
“It’s…heavier than you would think,” Kael whispered. Prea sat on the ground beside Kael and hugged her legs to her chest, resting her cheek on her knee. “And mesmerizing. It’s the entire universe locked into a little piece of rock.” Kael held the stone between thumb and forefinger, raising it up to the sky, looking at it with wonder. “You said you saw it in a dream…” Kael began, placing the stone back in Prea’s hand. 
“I saw it as it was, long ago. I saw them here, living in their home. And I saw the stone after they were gone,” Prea explained, caressing the stone lightly in her hand. “It was incredible. The lake didn’t used to be here, instead it was a stone courtyard and there was a temple cut into the base of the mountain. They were gorgeous, ethereal, clad in pure white; they were light on their feet, almost floating along just above the ground. In the dream, they were brilliant and their love was palpable, even their love for their children. It was almost as if I was there with them,” she revealed softly. 
Prea shook out her now damp hair, brushing the fingers of her free hand through it. The last of the shining sun had almost dried her completely. She extended her legs out in front of her, put the stone on her thigh and leaned back on her hands. 
“There’s a carving on a wall in the entrance to the temple, an etching of Aylin and Ciro, arms extended towards each other in yearning, but just out of reach. In between their outstretched hands was the stone, set into the wall. East of the Sun and West of the Moon, just like the poem said. The whole scene gleamed in the darkness.”
She stared at the miracle sitting atop her leg. Its existence still surprised her. Kael lightly traced the stone on her leg, tickling her. “I still can’t believe it’s real and I found it. I feel like I’m still in the dream,” Prea murmured. 
Kael brushed the hair off her face forcing her to look him in the eye. “You seemed so certain,” he said confused. “You were positive of its existence. And now you’re surprised?”
“Just because I believed everything didn’t mean that it was going to be here or that I was actually going to find it.” Prea grabbed the stone off her leg and climbed to her feet. “And now that I have it, I have to get back to Carr.” She threw on her trousers and shoes, tossed her shirt into her pack and shoved the stone into her pocket. 
But, after looking around for a minute and contemplating her surroundings, Prea decided that there was no point in setting out right now. Her head and body still ached, and she was exhausted; the water had stripped away her energy and the light was fading off in the distance. 
“Let’s face it…we’re probably better off camping here for the night, starting fresh and early tomorrow,” Prea decided reluctantly and settled in for the night.







CHAPTER 21


Light crept in over the eastern peaks of the glen, washing the travelers in the sun’s morning rays as they lay in each other’s arms on the shore of the glen’s lake. Kael’s uninjured arm was wrapped around Prea, her head on his shoulder. Her eyes opened in the growing brightness and she extricated herself from Kael’s grasp and sat up, brushing hair out of her tired face. 
Kael’s eyes flickered open when his hand fell to the ground and he realized that Prea was no longer in his arms. He turned his head slightly and squinted up at Prea sitting beside him. She was unusually quiet in the morning light, her back and shoulders set in solid, unwavering determination. 
The fairy tale was almost over; this magical place offering them a gentle reprieve from the seriousness of their journey. He waited for a moment, just watching her be, before he sat up. Then no time was wasted; they ate and readied themselves for the next leg of their journey. Kael’s arm was still bound, so Prea was charged with carrying both packs, at least for the next few days. 
Kael stood. “What’s the plan to get out of here? We can’t go back the way we came.”
Prea walked off towards the eastern side of the glen. The southern slopes were less steep, providing a more realistic route over the mountains. She wanted to keep as close to a direct route as possible to limit travel time. Surveying the land, she formed a plan. 
“I’m thinking we head towards that peak,” she said, pointing to the southeast. It wasn’t as high as some and would put them in a good location once they reached the summit. “Once we cross, we’ll be in Nodin, but close to the Alder border. Then, ideally, we could buy passage on a ship to take us downriver to the Bay of Aldin. Then we’ll be home.”
Kael kept pace beside her, considering her suggestion. “Are you sure you haven’t traveled before? You have good instincts, a natural sense of direction. That route should be good. It looks like our best option.”
* * *
Their progress was moderate and measured as they crossed the field and began climbing towards the trees up the eastern slope. They made good time in the morning while the sun was still rising, but once the heat began beating down on them, the trek slowed. They moved steadily through the trees for a few days, covering a lot of ground before the slope steepened and the journey became more strenuous. 
The trees dispersed as the ground hardened into stone which left Prea and Kael struggling with every step. They were like snails now, creeping up the vertical slope as fast as they could. They had reached a higher altitude than on the climb to the waterfall in Rodor, officially crossing into new territory. Kael, arm healed, traversed ahead of Prea, turning to help her when the climb became too difficult which, given her height, was quite often. 
Not only was the climb demanding, but making camp was nearly impossible. Kindling for a fire was scarce and few spots were suitable enough to rest.
One night, the two sat huddled around what they could scrounge up for a fire, eating the small dinner from the food they had begun rationing for the rest of the journey. They spent the evening cozied up beside each other against the rock wall. 
“It’s stunning, isn’t it?” Prea murmured into the darkness. 
The light from the moon cast a shimmery radiance over the mountain glen. From their position, they had an amazing view and it looked very different at night. The glow added an eerie quality and the surface of the lake was like a mirror in the darkness, the moon’s reflection sparkling on the smooth surface of the water. It was mesmerizing; the lake perfectly round and surrounded by picturesque nature, a pure convergence of three elements. Prea stared below, committing every detail to memory so she would never forget this beautifully secret place. 
“I’m surrounded by beauty on all sides,” Kael muttered in response, eliciting a shy grin from Prea. “I wish we could capture it somehow and take it with us.”
“I know what you mean. I never want to forget this place, not ever,” she said emphatically. “And it should always remain this way: pure, untouched, sacred. Don’t you think?”
“It’ll always be our secret,” Kael promised, turning to look at Prea. The following silence extended as he quietly willed her to return his gaze. When she finally did, Prea saw the unending truth in his deep stormy eyes. She sat precariously high up a mountain and yet felt remarkably safe in his presence. “It will always be something that we share. Others may know this place exists, but no one has experienced it the way we have. And they never will.”
* * *
The higher the travelers ascended, the more dangerous their journey became. The slope wasn’t completely vertical, that would have been impossible for them to climb, but its steepness was tricky and problematic. They had reached a point where, no matter the power of the sun, the air still held a chilling cold that sunk to the bone, making them shiver and shake and unsteady on their feet. But this was a summer chill and, though it was cold for them, the ground continued to thaw, the snow melting underfoot. The rocks loosened, slipped and fell behind them as they moved. 
“Kael? Can we take a break, please?” Prea pleaded breathlessly. “I can’t feel my legs.”
He turned back and appraised Prea before stripping off his pack. “All right, we can rest for a while.”
Prea followed suit, releasing her pack from her shoulders and placing it carefully on the rock beside her. She considered the ground around her, decided on what she considered the safest place to rest and sat down on the uneven slope. 
“How are you doing?” Kael asked.
“It’s just tough to keep my balance,” Prea explained. “And I don’t have much in terms of muscles.”
“At least we’re getting closer. It must make it easier to see the progress you’re making, even if it is a little slow.” 
Prea thought about it for a minute before answering. “I suppose so. But I’ll feel so much better once we reach the summit and can finally see our way home. Only then will I feel like everything is truly going to be all right,” she said as the brisk wind whipped her across the face. 
“You’re still worried?” Kael questioned as he sat next to her. 
“Oh, of course. You’ll know what it feels like when you have children of your own. I’ll stop worrying when Carr is awake again in my presence,” Prea declared. “But it will only subside momentarily. There’s no true end to it really, Kael. I know I can only do so much to protect them and keep them safe. The rest is out of my hands. It doesn’t make it any easier, though.”
“They’re lucky to have you,” Kael muttered softly as he considered her. “They’ll never really know all you’ve done for them. But that isn’t the point, is it?”
“No, it isn’t…”
A faint rumbling began deep in the mountains, growing louder as the land vibrated beneath them. The two looked around as the sound echoed in their ears, finally looking up as a crack rang clear through the air. Time appeared to slow as Prea watched the large rocks break free of their prison and tumble towards them. She sat frozen in place, unable to move as the rocks gained momentum and drew closer to where they rested. The next thing she knew, Prea was being pulled by the arm and dragged aside just in time for the first boulder to skirt by behind her. 
Kael threw Prea against the mountainside, covering her body with his own as a shower of rocks released from the slope above, bearing down on them. Prea followed Kael’s lead as he directed them out of the path of the earthly missiles. It was a dangerous dance they played where every step posed a precarious challenge. They managed to dodge almost all of the larger rocks, but one of the lagging stones tripped them up as they attempted to evade the last threat. 
The uneven rubble shifted and their feet flew out from under them as they joined the rocks and began to tumble down the slope. Both Kael and Prea managed to halt their descent before they lost too much distance and, once they steadied their nerves, collected their dispersed packs. 
They wasted no time and closed the gap between them, ending up in each other’s arms. Once again Prea felt safe, even after all that had happened; she would always feel safe in his arms. Kael pulled away and looked her over. 
“How are you? How badly are you hurt?” Kael asked quickly. 
“I’m fine, I’m fine. Just some bumps and scrapes. Nothing serious. What about you?” she countered. “Please tell me you’re all right. I don’t know…”
“I’m all right,” Kael interrupted, holding her by the shoulders. “Don’t worry, Prea. I’m fine.”
The companions started their hike again, refusing to stay in this unstable area one more minute. They trudged warily, higher and higher until they could go no further, the land changing to snow and ice. They worked hard over the next few days, carefully climbing the rest of the way to the summit. The two ascended the last elevation, exhausted and sore, and faced the land of Nodin under the warm vestiges of sunlight. 
The icy land evened out for a stretch in front of them, a safe place to finally rest for the night. Prea let out a sigh of relief at being that much closer to Carr and a few tears escaped, freezing when they met the cold air. 
“We made it,” Kael muttered into the coming night, his breath visible in the air. 
“Yes, we did,” Prea added.
Though they had reached the summit, they were not without problems. There was no kindling for a fire anymore, not that the icy floor would have allowed the flames to ignite. Prea and Kael created a makeshift camp with the provisions that remained, managing the best they could in the freezing temperatures. They wore all the clothing available and still shivered in the darkness. Once they finished their rationed dinner, the two curled up together on what they had in terms of a blanket. Their combined body heat was the only thing keeping them warm throughout the night. Even so, the wind and cold were brutal and sleep was limited.
* * *
The cold chilled Prea to the bone as she trod carefully on the ice in Kael’s wake as the wind lashed at her face. A layer of snow coated the ground under their feet and Prea kept her eyes down to avoid the harsh sting of the air and the glare of the sun. Her jacket was wrapped tight around her body, her hair tucked into the collar protecting her ears. Kael’s footsteps in the snow were her current map down the mountain.
The air tickled Prea’s nose, unleashing a sneeze which caused her eyes to snap shut. In that second of blindness, she slipped on a patch of ice and toppled over, knees and elbows bumping and knocking against the unforgiving ground. Kael turned at the crash behind him and saw Prea in a heap on the ice, her clumsiness bringing a smile to his face in the thin mountain air. While on her knees, she looked up, peering past Kael downhill and saw that there was an end in sight to the ice. 
“Are you all right?” Kael asked, stifling a laugh. 	
“Yes,” Prea groaned as she scrambled to her feet, brushing snow off of her pants and jacket. “I’m fine.”
She remained still for a moment, catching her breath after the fall, when she heard something faint, a sound she couldn’t quite place. The noise became louder, clearer and ultimately distinguishable. 
Chipping. Cracking. Splintering.
Her head flew up, listening close for clues as to where the fracturing was coming from. She realized the answer too late, her eyes shifting to her feet. She glanced up once more and her eyes locked with Kael’s for one second before the ground shattered. Instinct flooded through her and her arms flailed, hands groping for anything to hold onto as she plummeted. Her arms landed on the ice as a sharp stabbing pain hit her stomach and the breath deserted her lungs.
Panic rushed through her as she struggled to hold onto the slippery ice. Her heart hammered, her body shivered and her mind was paralyzed. Kael ran towards her and that movement was enough to spark her mind. He stopped only when Prea called out. 
“No! I don’t want you to fall too,” she screamed as the cracking extended around her. 
“Prea! You’re going to be all right. You’re going to be fine,” Kael yelled anxiously, fear stripping the color from his face as he desperately tried to think a way out of this mess. Prea levered herself up as much as she could while inching her right hand toward the opening of her jacket. Her fingers clawed at a pocket just inside the lining, ripping the stone from its hiding place. She used all her energy to toss the stone in Kael’s direction, relieved and absolved when he plucked it out of the snow.
“Prea, what are you doing?” Kael demanded, stepping towards her.
“Kael, listen to me. I need you to go on. I need you to save Carr. Please, do that for me,” Prea pleaded, her hands clutching at the ice for an anchor.
“I’m not leaving you, Prea. You’re going to be fine,” he assured her. “You’re going to save Carr yourself.”
“Kael, I don’t have much time. I can’t hold on much longer. And if you fall too, this will all be for nothing and I’ll have failed Carr completely.”
“Your family needs you, Prea. Don’t let go,” he begged, his midnight eyes shining.
“My family needs you now. I’m doing this for them, Kael. I’ve lived a full life. I’ve had friends, a family, I’ve raised a child. I’ve loved and been loved in return. Twice.” She paused briefly. “I never expected to feel anything again after Leal. But you ran straight into my life and burrowed deep into my heart. You helped me, comforted me, rescued me. In more ways than one. I love you, Kael,” Prea choked out the words, gasping for air, her stomach searing in pain.
“I love you and I need you to save my brother. Protect my family. Leave me. Never come back. Promise me, Kael,” she cried out, the sound of splintering ice echoed loud in her ears.
“Prea, I’ve loved you ever since you held your ground in the Ashton pub, I just didn’t know it. I never expected to want this. You’re unimaginable in all the best ways and you were someone I never expected to find. But now that I have, I can’t…”
“Kael,” Prea interrupted sharply. “Promise me.”
He took one step closer, saw what he needed to in her expression and whispered, “I promise.”
The cracking started under her arms, cleaving the ice right up to Kael’s foot, causing him to jump back. She watched him for as long as she could before the rest of the ice below her arms broke apart and she fell. 
“I love you,” she breathed one last time.
Then…nothing.






CHAPTER 22


His feet moved without command and he fled before his mind could stop him. The ground was slick, he stumbled and fell to his knee. He pushed up and continued to run as if nothing had slowed him down. The ice gave way to compacted earth which provided traction as he sped downhill. He didn’t stop, didn’t slow. He let his thoughts cease, relying on instinct to make his way down the mountain. Night fell, darkness encasing him, and Kael carried on, going as far as he could while his strength remained. Only when his legs failed him did he collapse to the ground in exhaustion and fall into a fitful sleep. 
She was here with him, standing beside him in the tunnel opening over the mountain glen, holding his hand. He watched her, witnessed the emotions cross her face: the surprise, the relief, the joy. Love bloomed within him, threatening to lift him right off the ground. 
And there she was showered in light on the lake’s edge, face turned over her shoulder, staring back at him with her emerald eyes glinting with her last secret. I saw it…in a dream, she called, wading into the lake and diving into the water. 
She was sitting next to him, bathing in the sun’s rays with the miracle stone resting on her leg. Hair had slipped over her shoulder, hiding her face. He lightly swept the strands behind her ear so he could view her raw emotion. 
Panic was all he could see from her face now, as she clung to life on the icy edge. There was fear, but determination as well. I love you and I need you to save my brother. Protect my family. Leave me. Never come back. The ice cracked and she fell.
Kael woke, heart racing, pulse pounding in his ears. He clambered to his feet, yanked his pack over his shoulder and fled from the pain. By the time Kael reached the base of the mountain, he could barely remember how he got there or how much time had passed. The whole journey after…it was all just a blur. 
Now that he had reached level ground he slowed and examined his surroundings. The lack of trees meant he had traveled farther south than he had planned into northern Nodin. He would have to backtrack a little way to the border, so he changed direction, heading north. This was the closest that he’d been to his home in years, and yet he felt no pull, no desire or need to go any closer. He had a mission now, had to finish what Prea started…no matter what. That was his destiny now. 
The sun was high, bearing down on his bare neck as he walked through the tall grass native to this canton. By nightfall he had made it to a town on the bank of the River Nairne and walked straight through the mass of buildings towards the dock. The moon had taken her leave, disappearing as she did every month, leaving behind only the stars as a guiding light in the darkness. 
The reflection of the stars dotted the surface of the empty river and Kael’s heart dropped at the lack of boats. He would have to wait for morning to acquire passage down the river and waiting was the last thing he wanted. He didn’t have time to sit around and do nothing; Carr needed his help. But he couldn’t keep traveling, his legs wouldn’t allow it. The only option was to rest for the night and look for a boat come dawn. 
He traced his steps back into the town and found his way to the tavern where he collapsed into a chair and ordered a pint. If he had to stop and take a break, he wasn’t going to do it with a clear mind; the truth was too painful. 
On his second round, he asked the tavern owner’s son, “Excuse me, can you tell me when the next boat will dock on the river?”
“I’m not sure of the exact time, but there should be one around dawn or a little after. There’s an inn down the street if you need a place to stay the night,” the son offered.
“Thank you, but I’m fine,” Kael answered. “When you get a chance could you grab me another pint?”
“Yes, of course,” the son replied.
“Thanks,” Kael replied.
He sat alone, drowning his sorrows as the crowd’s voices buzzed loudly around him. Without thinking, Kael pulled the stone out of his pocket and held it tightly in his hand. The weight and power steadied him, made him feel closer to Prea even though she was gone. 
He should despise this piece of rock, shouldn’t he? Prea had died to get it. But, then again, the stone was the reason they had met in the first place. It was a lose-lose situation. So he drank and played with the only thing he had left of his love, never realizing that the glowing rock was catching the eye of several other patrons. 
After many pints, the tavern closed and Kael staggered out into the night. He wandered aimlessly through the streets in his drunken stupor, avoiding all other walks of life. Somehow he made his way back to the river and found a grassy spot on the bank where he fell to his hands and knees. He shrugged his pack off his shoulders and rolled over until his head hit the ground. He threaded his fingers through the tall grass and gripped it tight as he stared up at the sky. 
Kael fought for control. He didn’t want to think, but the ale compromised his willpower. Grief doused him, flooding him on dry land, threatening to haul him away. He clutched at the grass, desperate for a connection, a foothold to this land. Tired eyes were no match and tears flowed as his eyes shut. All he saw was Prea’s smiling face and his heart shattered into a thousand pieces, just like the ice from which she fell. 
When he couldn’t handle it anymore, he opened his eyes and looked to the midnight sky. He searched the stars, waiting to find Prea amongst the jewels of the night. That was part of the legend, wasn’t it? Kael thought. When you died, your presence passed on to live forever as one of the moon’s starry children, a bright light in the darkness. His eyes scanned, but he found nothing. He waited for her to brighten, light up his life and show him that he wasn’t alone. He fell asleep on the bank of the River Nairne, looking for his love.
* * *
In the shadows of a building near the riverbank, two men followed and watched Kael as he stumbled and fell to the grass. They knew the stranger was drunk and alone; they had watched him carefully. And it seemed he had something of value. 
“Fletch? Did you see where he put the stone?” one whispered to the other.
“I think he put it in his pack,” Fletch answered quietly. “We just need to wait a few minutes, Raff, until he falls asleep. Then we’ll take it.”
“Do you think it was gold?” Raff wondered. “If it is, it’ll be worth a fortune.”
“I don’t know if it was gold, but it glowed. It has to be valuable.” They watched and waited as Kael laid on the ground, staring up at the sky. “How odd. Is he clutching the grass?”
“You know what, Fletch, I think he is,” Raff answered with a chuckle. “What a fool. Does he even realize how easy he’s making it?”
“After all that ale, he probably isn’t seeing straight, let alone thinking clearly,” Fletch replied lightly. Kael’s grip loosened on the dark green blades of grass signaling that he had fallen asleep. “Let’s wait a few more minutes just to be sure he’s asleep.”
“Then we’ll get him,” Raff added, pulling out a small dagger.
The night was quiet and few people still walked around outside. The two thieves soon left the shadows, stalking over to where their mark lay on the ground, uncovered and unprotected. Light on the their feet, they moved quickly and stealthily until they came upon Kael, appraising him silently. One hand remained on the ground, but the other rested lightly on his pack. 
“How do you want to do this?” Raff mouthed. Before Fletch could respond, Kael shifted, rolling his hand over, revealing the stone was still clutched in his fist. He had never put it in his pack. 
“Look,” Fletch said. “It’s still in his hand. Raff, hold him back if he wakes up. I’m going to get the stone.”
Raff got into position, blade at the ready, while Fletch moved closer to the stone, squatting down in preparation. 
“One. Two. Three,” Fletch mouthed and then they struck. 
* * *
Kael seemed to sense something just in the nick of time and woke up on the bank of the River Nairne with two strange men standing over him, one holding a sharp dagger. The ale still messed with his mind, but he instinctively tightened his fingers around the stone still in his grasp. Could he have possibly been more foolish?
One man tried to pin him down, clutching the blade against his throat, while the other attempted to rip the stone from his hand. Kael lashed out, thrashing against any potential hold and felt a sharp sting as metal sliced skin. 
“Don’t move. If you value your life, don’t move,” the one with the knife threatened.
“Get off!” he yelled into the night, grabbing at the knife wielding arm. 
Arms and fists were flung about, connecting with flesh. It should have been easy for the thieves; it was two against one, they had a weapon and Kael was impaired. But there was something or someone working to help Kael out of his predicament. 
“Get off of me,” Kael yelled again, finally managing to twist the man’s wrist until the knife fell from his grasp. Kicking the blade away, he climbed into a sitting position as energy pulsed in his palm, power flowing into his hand, coursing up his arm and throughout his body. He pushed and punched, slapped and kicked. Any blow he delivered with his stone wielding hand rang true. 
“Oy!” Raff yelled when Kael’s fist met his face. 
“I. Said. Get. Off. Me.” 
“Give it to us,” Fletch muttered, clawing for the stone. 
“It’s not yours. It’s mine,” Kael growled, kicking his way free of his attackers. 
A few more blows with the hand holding the stone and Kael managed to break away from the thieves, free himself and his pack. By then, he had rained down enough punches, forcing the men to retreat empty handed. 
Kael kept moving on the bank, not wishing to stay in any place too long. The thieves had managed to get a few good throws in, with both hands and knife. His body was sore, on its way to bruising and blood was flowing from lip, neck and hand. And he couldn’t seem to release the stone, it remained clutched in his fist. The power still radiated, causing his skin to vibrate.
How could I be so stupid? Kael thought. Drinking obliviously in a strange town playing with a legendary object was beyond idiotic. He wasn’t going to make the same mistake twice, so he kept moving for a while before finally picking a spot to rest under the cover of a tree on the riverbank. Now sufficiently out of sight and seeing no one else around, Kael sat down and was finally able to uncurl his fingers, revealing the stone laying on his palm. 
“How is this possible? How can I feel the power?” Kael murmured in the darkness, his mind still fuzzy from ale. “Why did it help me?”
The stone only held a faint glow now, as if the power had gone dormant for the time being. “Why am I surprised? After all I’ve seen, this is par for the course.”
He studied the stone for as long as he could keep his eyes open, trying to feel the power again or sense the energy within. He wanted answers, but whatever it was seemed to be gone and eventually he succumbed to a fitful sleep. 
* * *
The growing warmth and loud voices woke Kael on the grassy waterside. He lumbered into a sitting position, rubbed the sleepiness from his eyes and sat with elbows on knees, squinting in the bright light. Just as the tavern owner’s son had said, there was a boat sidled up against the old dock, unloading cargo that appeared to be fruit or vegetables. He didn’t know how long they would remain, so Kael jumped up with his pack and started over. He tripped over his feet a few times, the last of the ale still asserting its power.
The wood creaked under his weight as he strolled down the dock past the workers and sailors exchanging goods. Kael scanned the boat and dock, trying to make out the captain among the men. 
“Oy! What are you doing just standing there?” a burly man asked and it took Kael a minute to realize the question was directed at him.
“Uh,” Kael muttered, mind still a bit fuzzy. 
“Get moving! We need these boxes unloaded before the captain gets back,” the man yelled. 
“Sorry, I think you’re mistaken,” Kael replied, but the man was no longer paying attention. Hoping that this would benefit his request for passage, he complied, helping to unload the cargo boxes from the ship. 
“Thanks,” the man said when Kael finished. 
“Actually, I’m looking for passage downriver,” Kael said. “Do you think the captain would be willing? I’ll pay, of course.”
“Possibly. If he’s in a good mood.” The burly man’s eyes narrowed as he appraised Kael. “You’re not a dock worker?”
“No.” Kael shook his head. 
“But you helped unload anyway?” The man eyed him suspiciously. 
“Yes.”
“Huh. Well, if it was my ship, there would be no problem. But it isn’t, so you’ll have to wait and see. I’m Cap, by the way,” he said and held out his hand. 
“But you’re not the captain?” Kael wondered.
“Nope.”
“That’s not confusing at all,” he replied and shook Cap’s hand. “I’m Kael.”
“Where are you headed, Kael?”
“The Bay of Aldin.”
“That’s at least a five day trip with stops in between. You shouldn’t get your hopes up.”
The planks of the dock vibrated as a new addition approached. “Cap! What are you doing? We need to be pushing off in a few minutes. We have a schedule to keep,” the tan, dark-haired man screamed.
“Looks like you might be in luck,” Cap muttered to Kael. “Just waiting for you,” he added louder. “We’re all set and ready to go.”
“Who’s this? Who are you?” the captain demanded when he reached the end of the dock where Cap stood by Kael. 
“I’m looking to buy passage downriver, if you would be so willing. I need to get to the Bay of Aldin as fast as possible. You won’t even know I’m there,” Kael promised rashly. 
“We don’t have the capacity to take on any passengers for the entire trip downriver. You’ll just be in the way,” the captain answered. “I’m sorry.”
“I can fix just about anything. I can work if you need things repaired,” Kael added desperately.
“Blake, he did help us unload the cargo,” Cap mentioned in Kael’s defense. “And he doesn’t even work here. He might be of some use.”
“Cap, you’re my second in command, but I make the decisions around here.”
“I know, Blake. I’m just saying we do have a few things that need fixing. Kael here could do them while we’re sailing which means we wouldn’t be wasting time waiting dockside on repairs in the future. We might be gaining more than we bargain for.”
The captain considered Kael’s proposal for a few more moments as desperation became more evident on Kael’s face. Cap had made some good points. 
“All right. My name is Blake,” he said reluctantly and held out his hand. “But this is a temporary arrangement. If you get in the way at any point in time, you’re off and you’ll be on your own for the rest of the way. I won’t even stop. I’ll just toss you overboard.”
“I understand. Kael Farron,” he replied, grasping the captain’s hand firmly. 
“You should just be glad I’m in a good mood right now,” Blake muttered and Kael looked sideways at Cap. If this was the good, he most certainly did not want to see the bad. “All right. Anchor’s up!” he added and they all boarded the vessel. 
Kael moved to the port side and tried to stay out of the way as he waited for them to set sail. He minded his own business, watching as the crew returned and went about their duties. All but Cap avoided Kael in his place leaning against the side of the boat. 
It was a beautiful morning, the sun’s rays glinting off the surface of the river. Kael closed his eyes and focused on the brush of the fresh river wind against his face and the wash of sunlight that bathed his skin in a welcome warmth. He focused on the elements around him as their presence steadied his breath. It wasn’t serenity or peace, but a brief moment of surprising calm filled him on this new summer morning. And, as quickly as that calm filled him, he opened his eyes and it was gone, a wisp of cloud passing by. 
* * *
Kael’s presence onboard was soon accepted by the rest of the crew and he was put to work, fixing all sorts of things around the boat, on deck and below. Warped wood, loose boards, ripped sails, little things here and there that had gone a long time without the necessary mending. It kept him very busy, all day, every day; but the nights were another story. 
When only darkness was left, spotted with dim light and accompanied by the sound of wind and water rushing by, Kael laid down on the sturdy wood of the boat deck and looked up. He gazed at the stars searching for Prea in the night sky as he waited to find sleep. Another reality was setting in as the bay drew closer. Questions began popping up in his mind and fear blended with his grief.  
“Prea, what I am going to do?” he whispered into the dark. “What am I going to tell your family? How am I going to explain all that’s happened?” He paused as if waiting for an answer. “How are we supposed to go on without you?”
* * *
Just before they reached the Bay of Aldin, the small boat sidled up to the Alder bank and Kael hopped out on the go. He followed along the river until he came upon the first few houses in the town of Beech. He hurried through the river and dockside parts of town before he started the climb towards the center of Beech and the cliffs. 
Afternoon turned to evening, the sun sinking in the western sky. No more time could be wasted, enough had been spent already. Kael knew that Prea’s house was located on the cliffs, but not much else, so he was heading in that direction and would ask for help if need be.
He traveled the road that hugged the coastline until it leveled off atop the cliffs and forked, one side leading to the center of town and the other leading the rest of the way down the coastline. He paused for a moment, deciding which path to take. He’d find more luck following the cliff; something was pulling him in that direction, be it intuition or something more. 
Kael moved further away from the town center and he could make out a few possibilities off in the distance. Before he could look more closely, a woman and a young boy turned onto the road a little way ahead of him. The woman had fiery red hair and she was chasing after a boy with golden curls.







CHAPTER 23


Kael froze-mid step. This couldn’t be possible, he thought. But he knew. He didn’t know how, but he knew this boy was Carr. The sunny boy skipping down the road was Prea’s little brother, the one she had died trying to save. He was a ball of energy, that was for sure. Kael just watched as Carr stopped and turned, calling out to the red-haired woman. 
“Beda…” Carr cut off, the name dying on his lips. His eyes had caught sight of Kael and now he was staring. Kael’s heart stopped; the resemblance to Prea was striking, except for the eyes. Carr didn’t have her grassy green eyes. 
Carr remained like a statue, gaze fixed on Kael, their eyes locked. The red-haired woman reached him. “Carr, what’s wrong?” She laid a hand on the child’s shoulder and turned to see what had captured his attention. “What are you looking at?”
The boy took a tentative step in Kael’s direction, ignoring the woman’s questions. He walked steadily towards Kael, stopping about ten feet away. 
“Kael?” Carr wondered, a quizzical look on his face. Kael’s shock stopped both his mind and his heart for a second. How did this boy know his name? The same way he knew it was Carr, Kael supposed. 
“How…how are you awake?” Kael stammered finally. “Prea said you were unconscious. She went all that way to wake you up.”
“She’s not coming home, is she?” Carr asked reluctantly, as if he hadn’t spoken. 
“No, she’s not,” Kael replied sadly. “When…when you did you wake up?”
“A few days ago,” Carr muttered quietly. 
Beda had followed Carr, her eyes narrowing as suspicion entered her expression. “Carr, honey. Who’s this? What’s going on?” Carr never behaved like this. He had been bubbly and energetic five minutes ago and the sudden change had sparked Beda’s concern. 
Kael turned his gaze to Beda and held out his hand. “Hello. My name is Kael. I’m a friend of Prea’s,” he said, by way of introduction and explanation. He still had no idea how Carr knew who he was or what was going on. All Kael was prepared to do was help Carr, so he hadn’t thought much about what he was going to say or do. But now that Carr was clearly healthy, words failed him.
Beda’s head jerked back in surprise and she glanced down at Carr before turning back to Kael. “I’m Beda,” she murmured in greeting. “Have you seen Prea recently? Do you know where she is? When she’ll be back?”
He didn’t know how to do this, didn’t know how to give such terrible news. He barely accepted what he saw, was still reeling from it all and now he had to fulfill his promise to Prea and help her family. He looked uncomfortable, eyes swinging back and forth between Carr and Beda, as he tried to form his answer. 
“Prea…there was an accident,” Kael muttered, stumbling over the words as tears formed. “She fell…she’s gone. I’m so sorry.”
“What do you mean, gone?” Beda countered sharply. “She can’t be gone? She…” Beda’s voice broke. She fell to the ground, grabbing Carr, unsure of his reaction. But Carr was calm, unusually composed. “Carr, honey, are you okay?” Beda asked him, now crying quietly.
“She told me, Beda. She told me about Kael, about everything. She said everything will be all right,” Carr explained slowly. “And I believe her, Beda. Everything is going to be all right.” Kael couldn’t believe that this boy, one who had just lost the closest thing he had left to a parent, was more concerned with consoling his sister’s friend.
“Who told you, Carr?” Beda asked, clearly confused.
“Prea did,” Carr answered simply. “I…I saw her before I woke up and she explained it all. She said we shouldn’t be sad, that she is always going to look after us.” He turned to Kael. “She told me about you. That you were coming. That you’re part of our family now.” Carr’s blue eyes met Kael’s with the innocence and complete acceptance of a child.
Kael was dumbfounded and overwhelmed. He dropped to the ground, clutching his head in his hands. He’d been angry with Prea. She had promised that he could count on her, that she would be there for him. Then she broke that promise and left him. He knew it wasn’t her fault, but he felt abandoned nonetheless. And here she hadn’t abandoned him after all, but was keeping her promise even after she was gone. 
She’d given him her family, people he could count on. And in turn, she gave him to her family.
He was jolted out of his pain when Beda gently pried his hand from his face and held it in her own. “You didn’t just know her…” Beda guessed. 
“No, I didn’t just know her. I love her. I’ll always love her,” Kael quietly confessed. 
Carr patted Kael lightly on the shoulder. “Prea loves you, too. She always will.”
* * *
The three made it to the Reed family home, but the house felt as though all the air had been sucked out, leaving the inhabitants emotionally and physically depleted. Carr and Kael took seats at the kitchen table while Beda began fiddling around the room, keeping herself busy as she cried softly. Kael couldn’t stop either, leaving Carr the only one composed.
“What happened here?” he asked, now that his mind was working again. “Since Prea left. I expected to find Carr in a deep sleep. How did he wake?”
Beda took a moment before she finally answered his question. “We…we actually don’t really know what happened,” she said. “A few days ago, he just woke up out of the blue as if nothing had happened.”
“And you have no idea why?” Maybe he shouldn’t be surprised, he had seen a lot the past few months that defied explanation. 
“None. Not even Alvie has a clue. But then again, we don’t know what was wrong with him to begin with.”
“Maybe it happened when Prea got the stone,” Kael wondered quietly. 
“She got the stone?” Beda asked surprised. “You found it?”
“Of course Prea found it,” Carr muttered, but the others ignored him. 
“Yes, we found it. But that was…a few weeks ago. Would that make sense?”
“I have no idea. I can’t believe it,” Beda admitted, shaking her head. “I’ve always trusted Prea and, basically if anyone were to find it, it would have been her.”
“You never believed in it either?”
“Well, that’s…complicated. My family, not to mention Dal’s, were never big believers in the legend. It was a story, that was it.” She paused, wiping away tears. “And then there were the Reeds.”
“What about us?” Carr wondered.
“Unlike Dal who remains a skeptic to this day, I was influenced by the Reeds, the more time I spent with them. Isa believed in it all. It was…an experience to hear her tell the story. And it wasn’t just the story of the legend, she added details, elaborated on the history of Valtera. It was amazing.”
“I miss Mama’s stories,” Carr murmured sadly.
“I know you do, cricket,” Beda said. “Anyway, after enough time, they made me believe in the legend and other possibilities. Most of our childhood was spent playing in the woods and on the cliff pretending to be Delmare and Aldera. Alvie and Dal would join in sometimes. We had so much fun pretending we were from the heavens and had powers over the land.”
“How come we never played that?” Carr asked.
“Because we were too old once you came around,” Beda answered indulgently before turning back to Kael. “But then I came of age and started working at my parents’ store. Reality set in and I stopped giving it much thought. The story became a legend again, but there was always a part of me that, because of the Reeds, believed in the possibility.”
Kael considered Beda’s story and realized it was much like his own. The more time he had spent with Prea, he hadn’t necessarily believed in the stone, but he believed in the possibility of the stone. He believed in her. “Maybe the closer I brought the stone, the better he got?” Kael said, still trying to work it out. 
“Who knows? We’re in a whole other realm here and the only one who understood any of it, is the one who isn’t here,” Beda explained her voice breaking on the last part, tears still falling.
“Would Alvie have any ideas? Now that we know the stone is real?”
“Perhaps. But she didn’t believe it was real either. She thought Prea was crazy for going after it.”
“I know. Prea told me.”
She studied the stranger sitting in her kitchen. “You knew her well.”
He nodded. “I’d like to think I did.”
Beda began to make tea. “What happened? What happened to Prea?”
Kael eyed the boy sitting across from him. The last thing he wanted to do was ruin Carr’s memory of Prea. He didn’t want to burden him with the knowledge of her final moments and risk him imagining her death. Prea had gone days without eating or sleeping because the image of Leal’s last moment had been too much for her. He didn’t want to do the same thing to Carr, or anyone for that matter.
“I’m not sure how much I should say. I don’t want to make things worse for anyone,” Kael muttered quietly. He was waiting for a signal, permission from this boy to divulge the details of his sister’s death. He never imagined in his wildest dreams that he would ever be in a situation such as this. Kael didn’t want to remember that day or her face or how her last words had been that she loved him. 
Carr nodded minutely. That was enough for Kael.
He sighed and steeled himself. “We were coming back over the mountains near the border between Alder and Nodin. The air was frigid and we were climbing down an icy glacier. She sneezed, slipped on the ice and fell to the ground. I was downhill ahead of her. She got to her feet but rested for a minute. The summer sun must have melted the ice. It began to crack and the ground below her shattered,” Kael whispered, choking on the words. This was without a doubt the most difficult thing he had ever done or would do in his life. “She fell, but managed to hold on to the edge for a little while. The rest of the ice broke under her arms and she disappeared.” The images of her face from that day raced through his mind over and over. Kael released a quiet sob.
Carr’s composure finally dissolved and tears rolled down his face. Beda had turned away and stood, staring out the window as the kettle whistled loudly. 
“I’m so sorry,” Kael exclaimed. “I should have done something more to save her. But she wanted nothing more than to see you safe.” 
The boy was wise beyond his years, seemingly taking everything in stride. “There was nothing more you could do. You kept her safe,” Carr said reassuringly.
* * *
The shroud of darkness descended outside before any noise reached the front door. Alvie and Dal were laughing when they crossed the threshold hand in hand. Three heads lifted in unison and turned toward the doorway, as they waited for Alvie and Dal to enter the kitchen. The couple stopped in their tracks when they saw the group sitting quietly at the table. Smiles vanished and happiness fled as the two deduced that something was unbelievably wrong.
“What’s going on?” Alvie asked anxiously. “Beda…Carr, who is this?”
Beda stood and took a step towards the pair who hadn’t moved from the doorway. Alvie immediately took a step back and held up her free hand. “Stop, Beda. What’s going on? What’s wrong? Just tell me.”
“Alvie, this is Kael…he,” Beda stammered. She was never at a loss for words, always got right to the point and tact wasn’t exactly her strong suit. But right now, she couldn’t get the words out. “He knew Prea,” she finished softly. 
Alvie’s face was a kaleidoscope as confusion hit first, followed by a spark of fear before reluctant realization crept in. Her icy eyes were wide, her lips framed the word no, her head shook back and forth and her grip tightened on Dal’s hand. Dal reached the same conclusion, though quicker, and his face lost all color until it was snow white in understanding.
“Beda, you said ‘knew’,” Alvie choked out, eyes welling with unshed tears. “You said he knew Prea. What happened? Where is she?”
“There was an accident, Alvie,” Beda explained. “Prea…she fell. She’s gone, honey.”
“No…” Alvie sobbed. “That can’t be. She can’t be gone.” 
Dal was prepared and caught Alvie as her legs gave out and they slumped to the floor together. He pulled her close, wrapped her tight in his arms as she sobbed on his shoulder. His hand stroked her back soothingly and his own tears streamed down his cheeks.
The similarities were striking as the scene mirrored the night Dal told Prea about her father and Leal. He had been there for her, catching her as she collapsed to the ground in grief. Just like Prea, Alvie had now lost the last person who had looked out for her, her last guardian on this land and in this life. She had lost her sister, her friend and her guide. This time, though, Alvie wasn’t furious; now she just felt completely alone. Carr was her only family now and she was the responsible one. She had to look after him, raise him, be his parent, his sister and his entire family. 
There was nothing to be done. Beda, Kael and Carr couldn’t do anything to help Alvie or Dal. They could only wait for the emotions to play out.







CHAPTER 24


Drip. Drop. Drip. Drop. 
Kael woke the next morning to hard rain beating down on the ground outside. He had spent the night on the sofa in the living room. After Alvie and Dal returned home, nothing much else happened. Everyone picked and nibbled at food and tea in silence before retiring to their respective rooms for some well-needed rest. Beda slept in Prea’s room, Dal stayed with Alvie and, in light of everything that had happened, the sofa had been offered to Kael. No one felt right about kicking him out, not after all he’d been through.
Kael moved into the kitchen and came to a rest in front of the window. His pain was fresh and his heart was broken, never to be whole again. He watched the rain fall on the other side of the glass and appreciated the solidarity. It was as if the universe was experiencing their pain, their loss and grief, and it too was overwhelmed by it all. 
In this moment, he felt alone and, at the same time, not. The house was full of people, people he had a certain connection with, but at the same time, did not know. He didn’t know what the future held, but he had a place in this world and knowing that made everything a little more bearable.
Kael broke free of his reverie when he heard footsteps thumping down the stairs. Carr sped into the room with the energy only a child could muster this early in the morning while Beda followed shortly after. 
“Hi, Kael,” Carr called brightly upon entry.
“Good morning, Carr,” Kael greeted, an unwanted smile tugging at his lips. “Morning, Beda.”
“Morning,” Beda responded, gathering the makings for tea. “How did you sleep, Kael?”
“As well as the situation allowed. No better or worse than the last few nights. How about you? How are you doing?” Kael inquired.
“I’m exhausted. And it still doesn’t feel real.”
“I know exactly what you mean. I’ve had some time and I still expect her to be there whenever I wake,” Kael added.
“I don’t really know what to do,” she confessed quietly. “She’s been with me for most of my life, my constant. I can barely remember a time when she wasn’t there. And I can’t see a future without her.”
Kael listened quietly to Beda’s admission and silently cursed himself. He loved Prea, but he had only known her a few months. Her friends and family on the other hand, had loved her far longer and didn’t know life without her. 
“Come here,” he said quietly and pulled her into a hug. She remained tense for a minute before relaxing in the comforting arms of a kind stranger. 
Beda pulled away, feeling slightly better, and studied the man before her. “I can see why Prea fell for you.”
“Really?”
“Definitely. You have a kind, but strong, and comforting presence.”
“Thank you. She talked about you and I can see why you two were close.” He moved over to the counter where the tea was waiting. “How about you sit down and I’ll make you some tea.”
“Thanks, Kael.”
* * *
The rain became heavy, the musical pitter patter loud in the background. Dal dragged Alvie down the stairs and into the kitchen, practically holding her up the entire way. Her eyes were red and swollen, exhaustion evident in every muscle of her face and body. Dal didn’t look much better, his skin pale and dark circles painted under his eyes. He dropped Alvie at the table with the others before making her some breakfast. Beda and Kael were nursing their own mugs of steaming hot tea, eyeing Alvie across the table. 
He set tea down on the table in front of her, sat beside her and started rubbing her back as he had the night before. Alvie just sat there, head down and eyes glazed over. She didn’t even acknowledge his touch. Dal propped his head on his chin and looked across the table at Kael and Beda.
“Morning Dal, Alvie,” Beda greeted quietly. “We didn’t get a chance to do this last night, but this is Kael. He knew Prea.” Beda indicated the man sitting beside her. “Kael, this is Prea’s sister, Alvie, and our friend, Dal.”
Dal nodded his head in introduction and Kael responded in the same fashion. Alvie’s only reaction was a series of blinks. “You knew Prea?” Dal asked.
“Yes. I met her not long after she left here,” Kael began, eyes staring into his tea. “On the road outside of Ashton.”
“Could you tell us more?” Beda prodded. “You only mentioned how she…the end of the story.”
As if he had magical hearing, Carr came into the kitchen and sat himself down at the table along with everyone else. “I want to hear about Prea,” Carr said. 
Kael was unsure how much information Prea’s family knew, but he had an idea on how to explain everything. “Do you have a book with the story of Aylin and Ciro? Or a map of Valtera? It would really help me to explain.” Carr left the room without speaking, seemingly going to retrieve the book. “I have to get something as well,” Kael added and left. 
Kael and Carr returned and sat down at the same time. Carr put the book on the table and Kael placed the stone on the middle of the wooden surface. Even though Beda and Carr knew Kael had the stone, there was a collective gasp at the reveal of the mythical object. He looked around and saw wide eyes and open mouths, frozen in surprise and disbelief. It was one thing to know he had it, it was another to actually see it.
Now even Alvie was exhibiting some emotion, as if the stone had awoken her from a trance or deep sleep. She avoided the stone, but pulled the book to her so it was out of reach of everyone else. 
“Not that book, Carr,” Alvie muttered quietly.
“Why not? Kael wanted to see the story,” Carr said. “That’s the only book we have with the legend.”
“Remember what Mama and Prea said about this book? About the stories inside?” They may be gone, but Alvie still respected their wishes, now more than ever it seemed.
“Yes, but I thought it would be all right to show them. They’re family, aren’t they Alvie?”
“Yes, but…let’s talk about it later,” Alvie said, stopping that line of conversation.
Beda, Dal and Kael sat at the table watching the exchange, all of them equally confused. They all knew of the story of Aylin and Ciro and the legend, but this book was different. Beda and Dal had seen it over the years, had it read to them, but neither had been allowed to see or read it themselves. 
“What’s going on?” Dal asked, concerned about Alvie’s strange behavior.
“Nothing. You were saying, Kael?”
“Yes. We found the stone exactly where Prea thought it would be. In the center of Valtera, in the middle of the mountains. It was…breathtaking, indescribable. The mountain slopes sunk into a beautiful glen. Glaciers streaked down the mountainsides, before trees erupted and meshed with lush grass covering the land until it met a round sapphire blue lake tucked against the southern slopes. We made our way to the lake’s edge.” He smiled at the memory. “Prea walked right into the lake with barely a word, only saying she saw it in a dream, and disappeared. She surfaced a while later, stone in hand. We headed back soon after, climbing the mountains to the east and just after we crossed the summit…it happened,” Kael finished simply.
Silence extended after he stopped speaking. How was the conversation supposed to go on? He couldn’t just brush it off, but there didn’t seem to be an appropriate change of topic. Everyone just sat in uncomfortable silence, looking at the stone. Alvie’s hands clutched the book, her eyes never moving from the magical rock. It reminded Kael of how Prea looked when she stared into the fire. It was a kind of impassive expression that revealed nothing of what they were thinking. 
Kael couldn’t stand it any longer and broke the quiet, looking to Alvie and Dal. “Beda was telling me yesterday about how Carr woke up. What happened?” 
“Uh,” Alvie started, breaking free of whatever she was thinking. She wasn’t entirely comfortable with talking at the moment. “I was in the infirmary, treating someone, when he just came up behind me and complained about being hungry,” Alvie said, her voice cracking from disuse. “I nearly fainted in shock. I thought I was having a dream. I had to touch him before I believed it was real.”
“And then she hugged me so tight that I couldn’t breathe,” Carr added loudly, not wanting to be left out of the conversation. 
“Yes, I did,” Alvie agreed with a hint of a grin. “I left my shift early and we came home from the infirmary and made some dinner.”
“I was so hungry. I could’ve eaten a horse,” Carr proclaimed. “Not that we eat meat.”
“Then I came over after work and nearly died when I saw them sitting at the kitchen table,” Dal noted, smiling. 
Alvie pushed Carr’s curly hair out of his face. “We tried to explain what had happened, where Prea was and what she was doing. But it was hard knowing that she was out there and here he was, awake after all that time.”
“And you have no idea why?” Kael inquired. “No reason or explanation?”
“No, not at all. I don’t know how we can figure out how he woke, if we don’t know why he was unconscious to begin with,” Alvie said, her logical mind and medical training showing their colors.
“Beda and I were talking yesterday,” Kael began, glancing at Prea’s friend. “About the stone being responsible. I mean, if there’s no other logical explanation…”
“I don’t know how…” Alvie muttered. 
“Well, Kael was thinking the closer he brought the stone to Beech, the better Carr got,” Beda explained.
“It’s the only thing that makes sense, not that any of this makes a lot of sense,” Kael added. “Actually, the first thing that came to mind was that it happened when Prea got the stone. But that was a while before Carr finally woke up.”
“When did Prea find the stone?” Dal wondered. “Exactly.”
“Hmm. Let me think.” He paused, counting the days in his mind. “I don’t remember the exact day. I think it was just under a month ago. About three and a half weeks.”
Beda and Alvie shared a look. “Wasn’t that when…” Beda trailed off.
“It’s impossible,” Alvie whispered.
“What? What happened?” Kael demanded.
“That was around the time Carr’s condition changed,” Beda answered and both Dal and Carr looked confused. “It was the day you went on a relay up to Birch, Dal.” He nodded in understanding. “I was visiting Alvie in the infirmary, letting her know Dal was going to be traveling and when I was there…something happened with Carr.” The girls exchanged another look.
“What?” Kael exclaimed.
“He, uh…started seizing for a few minutes and then it stopped,” Alvie said. 
“Maybe the events were connected,” Beda muttered quietly.
“Like when she found the stone, it sparked something in him,” Kael finished. 
“Yes.” Beda hesitated and turned to the boy. “But you didn’t tell us about Prea,” she accused Carr. “You didn’t tell us you saw her or talked to her.”
“What are you talking about?” Alvie demanded as she looked from Beda to Carr in confusion. “When did you see Prea? When did you talk to her?” 
Beda quickly recounted what Carr had admitted the day before when they had first met Kael. When she was finished, all eyes turned on him, everyone staring at the little boy, expecting him to have all sorts of answers. 
“I didn’t remember,” Carr said defensively, returning the gaze of all the adults. “I didn’t remember until I saw Kael yesterday. Then…then it sort of all came back to me.” His brow furrowed in concentration. After a minute, he shook his head. “I don’t know how I know, I just do.”
It wasn’t what they wanted, but it was all they were going to get from the little golden boy. Alvie studied her brother, trying to wrap her mind around what he was telling them. 
“Huh,” was all she could muster and a few more tears escaped. 
“She said we shouldn’t be sad, Alvie,” Carr whispered. “Prea doesn’t want us to be sad.”
It caught her off guard, how her brother talked as if Prea was still alive. He sounded so sure, like he knew exactly what she wanted. But then again, he was Carr and he could always sense more than most would think possible. It was his gift and his gift always spoke the truth. 
Maybe I should be a little more like her, Alvie thought; Prea always trusted her instincts. If Carr believed what he was saying, and it appeared he did, then she believed him too. Alvie took a deep breath. “Welcome to the family, Kael.”







CHAPTER 25


Kael stood in Prea’s spot on the precipice watching the sky lighten and reflect off the calm ocean surface. The water crashed lightly against the rock below and the wind seemed to blow right through him. For so long he had been lost, wandering around Valtera with no direction and no one in his life. He was a nomad and had liked it that way. Apparently the universe didn’t feel the same and fate intervened. 
He was drawn to her, pulled to a home he never expected or wanted. He didn’t understand for a long time, but it soon became clear in that room in Flint as he listened to her tale. Prea would do anything for her family, even die to protect them and keep them safe. And she changed everything; made him want to face his fears and live the life he never thought he wanted. He had been found and, even though she wasn’t here with him, she had given him something to live for and a family to call his own. 
Kael dropped to the ground and threw his legs over the edge so his feet were dangling against the craggy rock wall. His heart ached, grief still raw within him. But being here on the cliffs at Prea’s house with her family was helping more than he could have imagined. He saw her and felt her everywhere, in the sunlight and the wind, in the birds’ songs and the ocean waves. Her family had welcomed him into their lives and their home, offered him a room and a bed. It was both a blessing and a curse, the reminders of her. 
But life goes on. Alvie and Carr unfortunately had more practice than most, but they all grieved and moved forward. They woke each morning and went about what was left of their lives. He took the place of Prea within the household, taking care of Carr and looking after Alvie. 
Kael sat, plucking grass from the ground beside him, fiddling with the blades before he threw them into the air and watched them drift on the breeze down to the water’s surface. He let his mind wander as the sun’s rays lengthened on the foamy waves and set his hands on the cold earth on either side of him, letting his eyes close and lifting his face to the light. 
He was bathed in warmth and…something else. It felt a little like hope. Maybe the days were getting easier, the pain lessening somewhat as he got accustomed to his new place in the world. He didn’t really know. But the crisp wind brushed against his cheek and sent shivers down his spine, bringing him straight back to the here and now. 
The weather had finally shifted, the seasons changing from warm to cold. The salty sea breeze whipped around him, chilling him to the bone and carrying the sweet song of birds to his ears. Time to head inside, he thought, as he scooted back from the edge and stood, brushing dirt and grass off his trousers. 
“I love you, Prea,” Kael whispered on the wind before he turned and strode to the trees, heading back to the house. 
He closed the door quietly behind him as he entered through the front door. It was still early and he didn’t want to disturb anyone. Kael shuffled into the kitchen and stopped when he spied Alvie standing at the counter. She was staring out the window as the water boiled.  
“Good morning, Alvie,” Kael greeted softly and her head turned at the sound of his voice, a small smile playing at the corners of her lips. 
“Morning,” she replied, turning back to the window. 
Kael gathered some food and prepared a cup of tea before he leaned against the counter and silently studied Prea’s younger sister. From what Prea had told him, Alvie had always been quiet and reserved, so he didn’t know how much she had changed or in what ways. Her silky brown hair fell down her back and anyone else in his position would likely think nothing was wrong. 
He knew differently.
Like now, as Kael noticed the slumping of her shoulders and the stillness of her frame. Alvie was almost normal when in Dal’s presence, but in his absence she succumbed to the pain and grief that flowed just beneath the surface. She was a shell of a person, as if with every loss she suffered, she lost a bit of herself as well.
“Are you looking forward to the harvest festival?” Kael asked as he poured some water to steep his tea. The next few days were a time of celebration, a marking of the changing seasons and the beginning of the harvest. Preparations had already begun for the festival which was taking place in the school courtyard.
“I don’t know. I’m not even sure I’m going,” Alvie muttered without turning to face him.
That wasn’t a good sign. It was like she barely lived anymore; instead she just existed. He wasn’t exactly looking forward to it himself, but he thought it would be good for everyone and Carr really wanted to go.
“What are your plans for today?” he asked instead. “Carr and I are going to head down to the docks, watch the boats, maybe do some fishing.” With the schoolyard the center of the festival, the boy had a few days off. 
This time she looked at him. “That’ll be good for him. For both of you. I might go into the infirmary for a little bit. They could use some help over the next few days since most people are busy with the festival.”
Kael moved his food and tea to the table, just as Carr came barreling into the room. 
“I’m ready, I’m ready,” he declared excitedly. Kael glanced at Alvie, saw some of the sadness lift momentarily at her brother’s enthusiasm and couldn’t help but smile himself.
“Morning, bud. First you should eat something and I have to get ready. Then we’ll go,” Kael suggested. 
“Oh, all right,” Carr agreed dramatically and sat down at the table while Kael collected his breakfast and placed a plate in front him. Carr proceeded to scarf down everything on that plate in record time. 
“Easy, kid, easy,” Kael chided. “There’s no need to rush. We have time, Carr.”
Carr didn’t listen and just kept filling his mouth with as much food as he could possibly fit. Kael shook his head in resignation, finished his own food and left the kitchen to get himself ready for the day. 
* * *
Alvie returned to the only place she felt all right, her garden. It was her escape and right now she needed to escape more than ever before. A strange man had returned bringing news of her sister’s death and the existence of the stone Prea had abandoned her to find. It had been weeks and her mind still couldn’t quite process it all. 
She wasn’t out there long, before Dal found her, as he always did. “How are you doing?”
“To be honest, I have no idea.” She paused while she worked, trying to understand her own thoughts and feelings. “On the one hand, the stone is real and Carr’s awake…”
“But on the other hand, Prea’s dead,” Dal finished for her.
“Yes,” she muttered. 
“What bothers you more: that the stone is real and Prea was right or that she left you and now she’s dead?”
“It all bothers me,” Alvie replied bluntly. “Six years ago, I believed the stone was real and that no one would ever leave me.”
“What changed?” Dal asked as he watched her tend her garden. But Alvie didn’t answer. After a minute of racking his brain, he understood. “Your mother died.”
“Yes. For all her spouting of her beliefs about our lineage and the stone, our powers and abilities, she couldn’t save herself.”
“What are you talking about?” Dal wondered. She had never talked about any of this before. Neither had Prea. 
“We were never supposed to speak about it outside the family. Not anything more than the legend itself.”
“Alvie, I don’t understand,” Dal said, confused. 
“You wouldn’t, would you? Nobody would,” Alvie answered vaguely. 
“Please explain it,” Dal replied.
“There’s something about my mother’s family,” she responded finally. “Something special.” She paused trying to find the words. “We can feel the power, coming from the land, the sky, everything in nature and the universe.” Alvie raised her icy blue eyes to meet Dal’s, watching his face and waiting for his response. But his shock refused to allow one. 
“Some have had other skills and abilities, typically tied to an element. Everyone has written their stories down in the book of old tales and it’s been passed from one generation to the next. And now it sits in our house where it has since the day I was born.”
“Alvie, I’m confused.”
“I believed it all, believed every last story until the day my mother died. She understood everything. She understood the universe. She could even read the stars. A lot of good that did her,” Alvie added angrily. 
“Oh, Alvie,” Dal said sadly. 
“For five years I’ve blamed my mother’s beliefs, the power, the land, blamed the universe, for her death and what’s happened after. Now that stone, proof of everything, is sitting in my house and my brother’s awake, but my sister is dead. What am I supposed to do with that?”
“I don’t know, Alvie,” Dal muttered as he walked over to her in the garden. “You should have said something.”
“I couldn’t. I can barely talk about it now.” She stood and turned to Dal. “My mother always believed we were blessed by the heavens. But it just feels more like we’re cursed instead of blessed.”
* * *
Kael and Carr set off down the cliff road to the docks, the sun now full but still low in the sky. They had a view of the Bay of Aldin for the entire length of the road and a few boats were just now entering the inlet. Other boats were moored against the docks, cargo shipments being loaded and unloaded in the morning light. Carr was ahead of Kael, skipping down the road, throwing rocks and playing around like boys do. 
The boy was free, a breath of fresh air in a world with harsh realities, and he knew beyond any doubt that he would always be loved and taken care of. He was a lucky kid, even with all the losses he’d suffered, Kael thought. But it still surprised him that a boy, especially one who had been touched by so much death, could help others so much. Prea was right about him; Carr did have a way of saying or doing the one thing that would make you smile. Even his very being brought a lightness to those around him. 
Kael saw it with Alvie and felt it himself. If he had continued on alone after Prea, had not followed through on his promise, he wouldn’t have survived. His grief would have swallowed him whole and he would’ve had no power to withstand it. Now, having understood all she had felt, he had a new admiration for Prea, loving her now more than ever.
“Kael?” Carr asked and stopped, turning back. “What did you like most about Prea?”
“Oh, that’s a tough one,” Kael said, caught off guard a bit. “I liked a lot of things about her. She had incredible strength and unbelievable selflessness and her bravery was unmatched. She would do anything for you and Alvie.”
“Yes. But what did you like best?” Carr pressed.
“Well, I guess what I loved most was how she saw the world,” Kael answered seriously, surprised with the mature direction Carr was taking this conversation in. 
“What do you mean?” Carr wondered. He knew his sister, but he didn’t know how others saw her.
“I had never met anyone like her. After everything you’ve all been through, Prea still saw the world as a good place. Even in her grief, she saw hope. Even in pain, she saw the light. She saw potential, believed in things she couldn’t see, trusted her instincts and had faith in life. Most of the time I didn’t understand it, but she made me see things differently. She opened my eyes to possibility.”
“She got most of that from Mama,” Carr said softly.
Kael paused in surprise, looking down at the boy walking next to him. “I thought you were only three when your mother died?”
“I was,” he admitted. “But I can still remember her. We have the book of old tales from Mama’s family. That keeps her close.”
“Is that the book with the story of Aylin and Ciro? The one Alvie didn’t want anyone to see?”
“Yes.”
“What’s in it?” Kael wondered. He still remembered the odd way Alvie had acted during his explanation that first day. Not to mention the fact that Beda and Dal looked just as confused. That made it all the more intriguing. 
“Promise not to tell?” Carr asked after a moment of hesitation, looking up at Kael.
“I promise.”
“You’re family and I think Prea would want you to know. The book of old tales is the book of our beliefs. Or that’s how Prea explained it.”
“And what are your beliefs?”
“That Mama’s family was special. That we’re special. We can feel the power in the world. And sometimes we can do more.”
“More?”
“Prea always said Mama could read the stars. It’s why she called on the sun, moon and stars everyday to keep Papa safe while he was gone. And she knew things, understood things. About the universe and the future.”
“Can any of you do more?” After all his time with Prea and her family, he was finally getting answers from an eight-year-old boy.
“Alvie’s good with the earth and skilled at healing. It’s why she works at the infirmary.”
“What about you?”
“It’s hard to explain.” Carr paused, thinking. “Sometimes I can see the air, feel it. More than just the wind. I guess it’s kind of like how Mama could read the stars. I can read the air and sense things about people.”
That made sense, Kael thought. And it explained his uncanny ability to say or do the right thing to make a person feel better. 
“And Prea?” he wondered reluctantly.
“Prea always had a way with fire and she could feel more energy than the rest of us. And I think she could see things. Bits of the past. Like her dream about the stone.”
“Huh. That explains a lot.”
“We’re not supposed to talk about it with people outside the family. But I think you deserve more.”
And that was his gift. “She loved you and Alvie more than life itself,” Kael added. 
“I know. I just miss her.”
“I miss her too, bud,” Kael replied, patting the boy on the back. 
As they neared the waterside, Kael could taste the salt on the air, almost feel it against his skin, it was so thick. Carr ran ahead onto the docks, slipping through the sailors and workers, looking for someone he might know. 
When Garon Reed was still alive, he would take Carr down to the docks and introduce him to all his sailor friends. The boy knew so many faces and relished the time spent with those who had known his father. They told him stories, gave him presents from their travels and made him feel like one of the crew. Ever since he had woken up, Carr had felt drawn to the bay, to the water and waves. His blood was his father’s blood and it held the call of the sea. 
Kael gazed out onto the bay, eyeing the swaying surface. Every now and then he scanned the dock, assuring himself of Carr’s safety, spying his energetic enthusiasm and renewed happiness. They tried to give him a normal home, but sometimes the boy just needed to get away from everything bad in his life and this was his time. 
Gulls squawked and flew in high circles above the bay, drawn to the smell of fresh fish on the docks. Just as boats were passing through the bay and upriver, boats were now entering the bay and heading out to sea. Keeping Carr in sight, Kael walked along the edge of the dock, moving to get a better view of the river. It wasn’t long ago that he had traveled that same route and his heart tightened as if in a vice at the recollection of that trip. 
He moved his head side to side, trying to shake the thoughts from his mind. When he looked up, he caught a glint in the corner of his eye; a hint of gold, maybe a bright reflection of the sun. His squinted eyes searched for the cause, the object that captured his attention. He found it on a small cargo boat that was just now coming to a rest against the far dock at the very end of the river, right at the threshold of the bay. 
The sun’s rays shone off the sandy blonde hair of a young woman who was gathering her belongings and preparing to disembark. His heart began to flutter and his thoughts swirled. Kael blinked again and again, sure that he was seeing things, a trick of the light probably. He gasped as the woman stepped off the boat, her feet connecting with the earth below as her face became visible. It was real, she was here.








CHAPTER 26


Kael’s feet carried him without command, drawn to the woman as if a cord connected them. He sped into a run and lost sight of everything else, including Carr. His mind had yet to catch up; raw emotions and instinct controlled him now. Words caught in his throat as he tried to call out to her, sure that this was just a dream. Eventually, the name escaped his lips and Carr’s head snapped up at the sound. 
The boy stood frozen on the docks, confused by Kael’s sudden outburst. He quickly caught sight of Kael running and his eyes followed the direction, searching the crowd to find the cause. What he saw had him bolting like a bandit up the dock, dodging cargo and men on his race to reach Kael.
Kael reached her in a matter of seconds, wrapping his long arms around her petite frame and his heart sighed at the feel of her. His thoughts raced and he was speechless, but he knew for a fact that this was not a dream. Her eyes widened in surprise, her muscles stiffened in fear and she tried to pull away, but Kael’s hold only tightened. Her arms remained pinned to her sides and she struggled against his grasp before she managed a small cry for help. Carr arrived and grabbed her by the waist which yielded another cry of surprise. 
“Get…” she tried to yell. 
Kael released her at once, suddenly overcome with an enormous sense of déjà vu. Something was wrong, she shouldn’t be acting like this. 
He stepped back and seized Carr by the arm, dragging him away as he examined the woman’s face. It held the familiarity of his own, but at the same time was different. It was Prea; he would know her anywhere and this was her. But a new scar was visible; fresh and pink, it extended from the edge of her left eyebrow down past her cheekbone before trailing off by her ear. Worst of all, she was looking at him with fear in her eyes - fear, shock and confusion. His stomach rolled over and his heart constricted with the realization that she didn’t know them. 
Carr was attempting to break free as he reached for his sister. “Prea, it’s me. It’s Carr,” he exclaimed. “What’s wrong? Don’t you remember me? I’m your little brother.” Kael watched in horror, noting the relief and sadness of Carr’s expression and the deepening confusion coloring Prea’s face. 
“I’m sorry, do we know each other?” she replied, glancing from a dejected Carr to an uncertain Kael. “I don’t remember you…either of you.”
Carr had accepted that he was never going to see his sister again. But now that he had and she didn’t remember him, it became too much. The calm, composed boy was gone and Carr began to cry, leaning into Kael’s side for support. 
“Yes, we know each other,” Kael murmured, his arm snaking around Carr’s shoulders in comfort. “This is your home and this is your brother,” he explained. 
The shock and fear had left her emerald eyes. Now they were locked with Kael’s as she searched for an answer to an unspoken question. Trust. She found it in his open and unguarded expression. Prea had always trusted her instincts.
“All right,” she responded finally. “You’re the first people I’ve come across that know me. Or claim they know me. That’s good enough for me,” she concluded. “So this is my home?”
“Yes. Your family home is just up the road at the top of the cliff,” Kael answered, pointing over his shoulder. Carr’s tears started to dry up once his sister had accepted what they told her. 
“Come on!” Carr exclaimed. Breaking free, he grabbed Prea’s hand and pulled her in the direction of their house. “We need to find Alvie.”
“Who’s Alvie?” she asked Kael, following along behind Carr. 
“She’s your sister,” Kael answered simply. 
They walked in silence, everyone too shocked to speak. Carr had Prea by the hand, leading her along and Kael couldn’t help but sneak sideways glances at her. It was unbelievable. He had watched her fall through the ice into nothingness, and yet here she was walking next to him. He wondered what else was different about her and detected, though she tried to hide it, that she had a noticeable limp.
Kael watched Prea closely as they reached the edge of the property, looking for any type of reaction, no matter how small. He held his breath and waited, but there was none. Carr threw the door open and pulled Prea across the threshold, yelling for Alvie. Kael entered behind them, closed the door and listened for a response. 
“Carr, bud, I don’t think Alvie’s here. She said earlier that she might go into the infirmary for a little bit. How about I go and get her while you stay here with Prea?” Kael asked Carr. He turned to Prea. “Is that all right?”
“Yes, we’ll be fine,” she assured him, looking from Kael to Carr. 
Kael left and rushed to the infirmary, stopping to see Beda on the way. He was out of breath when he arrived at her shop. “Beda, when you get a chance, can you find Dal and both come to the house?” he wondered, the bell at the door still ringing. “It’s really important.”
“Kael, you’re scaring me,” Beda said. “What’s wrong?” 
“No, no, nothing’s wrong. It’d just be really good if you could come to the house, good for Alvie and Carr,” Kael explained, making something up off the top of his head. He didn’t want to ruin the surprise. “Just come over whenever you can,” he called as he ran out of the store and onto the infirmary. 
A few minutes later, Kael sped through the doors of the infirmary, found Alvie and dragged her out, leading her back home with barely a word. She tried to stop him. “Kael what’s going on? What are you doing? Where are we going?” she inquired quickly. She was concerned and he wasn’t making sense. He didn’t respond, so she dug in her heels until he stopped. “Kael! What is going on?” Alvie demanded. 
“You just have to trust me. We have to go back to the house, it’s important,” Kael ordered, tugging her hand to make her move. Alvie just surrendered to his will and allowed him to pull her along. The two entered the house and saw no one, but heard voices floating in from the kitchen. 
“Who’s here? Who’s with Carr?” Alvie wondered, extricating herself from Kael’s grasp and followed the voices. She froze in the doorway when she saw Carr wasn’t sitting at the table alone. He sat on the far side, across from a woman with long blonde hair. Be it intuition or instinct, Alvie recognized the woman sitting at the table, but didn’t want to believe it for fear it wasn’t true. 
The woman turned and, save for the scar, Prea was sitting before her. The world spun as her mind desperately tried to reconcile what she was seeing. This couldn’t be real, Alvie thought. Kael was there when it happened, he had told them she was gone. But here she was. 
Alvie’s legs couldn’t hold her anymore and she fell backwards into Kael who caught her under the arms and lowered her to the floor. She was still conscious, her mind cranking away like the gears of a machine. This wasn’t right. If Prea was here, why wasn’t she kneeling beside her, embracing her after all this time? They may not get along very well, and be as different as two people can be, but they were sisters and they loved each other more than anything.
“I don’t understand,” Alvie whispered when she was able, shaking her head back and forth. 
Kael kneeled beside her. “It’s her, Alvie. It’s Prea. She…just…doesn’t remember us,” he explained slowly. She tore her icy blue eyes away from his deep ones and looked to her sister. It was Prea, she was sure of it, and it was clear that she had been through a lot, the scar proved that. 
“You don’t remember anything?” Alvie asked Prea incredulously. 
“No, I don’t,” Prea responded, eyeing her supposed sister. 
“Maybe we should let her tell us what happened,” Kael suggested. “How does that sound?” He looked amongst the three siblings, monitoring each of them in this unimaginable situation. Alvie just nodded and accepted Kael’s offer of help and he yanked her to her feet. They moved to the table and sat down, Alvie next to Carr, Kael next to Prea.
“How did you come to be in Beech today?” Kael wondered.
Prea was nervous and looked around at everyone before speaking. “Well, I don’t remember much of what happened. Eight weeks ago I woke up in a dark room I didn’t recognize in excruciating pain,” she began and heard a sharp intake of breath from Kael at the mention of her suffering. “A family had found me unconscious in the woods, nearly dead, and brought me back to their home where they took care of me,” Prea continued quietly. She sounded strange and detached as she recounted her tale, like it was rehearsed or had happened to someone else.
“But I couldn’t answer any of their questions, and they had quite a few. I couldn’t remember my name, where I was from, what I had been doing or where I was going. I was a mystery, to them and myself.” She paused and her finger unconsciously traced the scar by her eye.
“I had scrapes and bruises all over my body. I was weak from starvation and the cold. I had a large gash in my side and my leg was badly broken. They cared for me, nursed me back to health. They didn’t know what to call me so they named me Mirai. It means miracle. I owe them my life,” Prea declared as she looked from Carr to Alvie to Kael.
She took a deep breath and continued. “Once I was well again, when I could walk and take care of myself, I left looking for answers. They explained that I was in northern Nodin, that the River Nairne was close by and that it led to the Bay of Aldin and the sea. They said I could go north over the river into Alder or south which would lead west. I didn’t have any idea where to go when I left, but…the river felt right and something about the Bay of Aldin made it sound like a good place to start. That was a week ago and now here I am, somehow with people that know me and are my family,” she finished. “I guess my instincts were right, after all.”
“This is unbelievable,” Alvie muttered.
“We thought you were dead,” Kael revealed, still in disbelief. “I saw you fall.”
“What do you mean? Do you know what happened?” she asked eagerly.
“I met you a few months ago, when you were traveling,” Kael started and looked to Alvie, suddenly nervous. How much should he tell? What should he tell? Alvie nodded slightly, signaling him to continue. “You were trying to save Carr. He was…well, we don’t know what he was. You were looking for the stone that Aylin and Ciro imbued with their essence. You thought it would cure him.”
“What’s this stone?” Prea interrupted. “I don’t know it.”
“It’s a legend, the story of how Valtera began,” Kael answered. “You can read it later. Anyway, you were looking for this stone by yourself and I offered to accompany you on your journey. I didn’t want anything to happen to you,” he admitted softly, sticking to the story he had told the others. 
“We traveled through Alder and Rodor, to a valley in the middle of the mountains and found the stone just where you knew it would be. When we were coming home, we had to go a different way and crossed over the mountains near the border between Alder and Nodin. As we were making our descent over the summit, the ice we were walking on started to crack and it shattered beneath you. You held on for a little while, enough to pass me the stone so I could go on and help Carr.” He hesitated, the memory still fresh in his mind. All he wanted to do was forget that day ever happened, forget what he saw, what he felt. But he was forced to relive it over and over.
“Then the ice broke and you fell. I’m so sorry. I tried to do everything I could, but you made me promise to go on and never come back.” His voice trailed off as he studied Prea for a reaction. 
“I can’t help you with what happened after the fall,” Kael added.
“Oh,” she said. Her face was a mask, unreadable as she played with her hands and stared down at the table. 
Their four heads spun as the front door opened, voices and footsteps carrying through to the kitchen. Beda and Dal only reached the doorway before stopping dead in their tracks where they stood like statues, dumbfounded, pale and speechless. Beda recovered first, eliciting a scream before she rushed to Prea and grabbed her in a fierce hug. Dal followed slowly as Prea pushed Beda away, quickly retreating to the corner of the room, as far away as humanly possible from everyone else. 
Kael held Beda by the arm before she could move any closer to Prea. Meanwhile Alvie took carefully measured steps toward her sister, trying not to alarm her. 
“What’s wrong with her? Why did she push me away?” Beda whispered to Kael.
He pulled Beda and Dal back as he watched Alvie make progress with Prea. “She was injured in the fall. She doesn’t remember anything. Not us or home or even herself,” he divulged quietly. 
Over in the corner, Alvie brushed Prea’s hair out of her face. “Are you okay?” she asked softly, stroking her sister’s arm. 
“Yes, I’m sorry. I just got…a little overwhelmed. It’s just…a lot, you know,” Prea stammered. 
“Would you like some tea?” Alvie offered.
“That would be…lovely, thank you,” she responded and Alvie steered her back to the table. Prea sat down next to Carr, who had been watching the exchange carefully. He reached out and found Prea’s hand, holding it tight. She looked at him like she always had.
“Thanks,” she whispered.
“I’m sorry,” Kael said. “I should have prepared them, and you, before they came. It’s been a…” He trailed off.
“It’s all right. It’s definitely been a shock. And confusing for everyone. A lot to take in all at once,” she admitted and the others nodded silently in agreement.







CHAPTER 27


The six spent the evening describing the major events in Prea’s life before she fell into nothingness. Alvie, with help from Beda, shared the fate of their parents and reluctantly disclosed the history regarding Leal. The adults had silently debated whether or not they should share any information about her lost love. It could have been withheld, at least for a little while. Finding out they were orphans was bad enough, not to mention that she had lost her fiancé. They were afraid that it would make things worse, bombarding her with all the bad news of her past. So they censored the story somewhat, described Leal as Garon’s second in command and a close family friend, and left out how the two were in love and betrothed.
It appeared as though Prea took everything in stride before admitting she was exhausted and needed to rest. Everyone else was also struggling to stay awake; Beda and Dal left before the others retreated to their rooms. Like they had as children, Prea slept in her childhood bed across the room from Alvie.
The next morning, Kael headed downstairs as he always did, the first one to rise. He was a little surprised, though he shouldn’t have been, when he entered the kitchen and was not alone. Prea was wrapped in a cozy sweater, pouring herself a cup of tea as he had heard she always did. He watched her for a moment before she realized he was there. 
Suddenly he turned rather shy when she looked at him, unsure of how to act around her. The rest had helped him keep the truth of their relationship a secret. He didn’t want to force her into anything or make the situation worse, so he kept his mouth shut. As far as she was concerned, he was a friend who had promised to keep her family safe. That was realistic, wasn’t it? 
“Good morning,” Kael greeted as he moved to the counter and leaned against it. “How did you sleep?”
“Pretty well, actually,” she replied. “Better than I have in a while, which I guess makes some sense, cosmically speaking.”
“There’s a relief there, I would assume. Even if you don’t remember, you have some answers. You’ve managed to find your family again, your home. You don’t have to search anymore,” he concluded as she nodded along.
“That’s a good summary. None of us know how to deal with this, or how the future will go, but I’ve been found and that is rather freeing. A weight’s been lifted, you could say,” she added, cupping her tea in her hands. 
Kael had an idea. He didn’t want to force her to remember her life, that would just add too much stress and potentially disappoint everyone. But he could try to make her feel at home without pressuring her to remember things she couldn’t. 
“Do you trust me?” he asked, extending his hand out to her. 
Her eyes narrowed, but her expression remained opened. “Yes,” she answered immediately. “I don’t know why, but I do.” She had always trusted him; from the moment they met, she had trusted him with her life. 
“Come on,” he said, taking her hand. “I want to show you something.” 
She followed with no hesitation and they headed out the door. He didn’t release her hand and she didn’t pull away as he led her through the garden and into the trees. The crisp air blasted them as they exited the tree line, leaving their eyes stinging in the pale morning light. Kael steered her towards the edge, coming to rest on her spot. He looked down at her and spied a single tear running down her cheek, the result of the needling wind. Prea let the tear fall, one hand holding Kael’s, the other still holding her tea. 
“It’s beautiful,” she whispered. “It feels like…a mixture of freedom, hope and home.” She looked up into his bright blue eyes.
A gentle smile blossomed on his face. “I thought you’d like it,” Kael muttered quietly, the wind almost drowning out his voice. Almost, but not quite. “I thought it might feel familiar.”
Her grassy eyes sparkled in the light, before her gaze returned to the sun and sea. For a brief moment, an image appeared in her mind of a woman standing in this very spot, brown hair dancing in the moonlight as she called out to the sea. Prea stared at the sunlight on the waves as her heart filled with love at the sight of that woman. It was a love she didn’t understand, but it sat well within her heart.
After a few minutes of silence, Kael looked back down at her with a quizzical expression. “What’s wrong?” he wondered out loud. 
It took a minute before she turned to him. “Hmm?” 
Kael chuckled quietly. “Are you all right?”
“Yes.” She grinned and took a sip of her cooling tea. “I’m fine.” 
* * *
Long after they had eaten breakfast, they were joined by Alvie and Carr. Kael sat at the table with Prea, who was reading the story of Aylin and Ciro, trying to understand more of the tale she had been told. Carr ran into the kitchen like a battering ram, Alvie following steps behind, surrendering to her brother’s exuberant morning energy. Kael rose and wrangled the young boy before he collided with anything. 
“Whoa. Slow down, buddy,” Kael directed. “Or you’ll run into something.”
Carr was giggling like a madman as he attempted to free himself from Kael who was now tickling him. “I’m excited,” he proclaimed. “Prea’s back and the festival is today. We’re going to have so much fun.” Kael halted his tickling assault, let the boy go and sat back down. Carr’s giant smile wilted as he looked at Kael.
“What’s this about a festival?” Prea asked the room.
“It’s the harvest festival. It’s at the school courtyard. They have food and games and music and you can buy things,” Carr explained in one long breath.
“Listen, Carr, I’m not sure we should all go to the festival,” Kael started uncertainly. “I’m not sure it’s the best thing for Prea.” He looked at Alvie who was listening and watching intently, but she remained silent on the issue. Kael turned to Prea. “It’s just that people think you’re…well dead and you got overwhelmed yesterday with just us. The festival would be a lot worse.”
“I hadn’t thought of that,” Alvie murmured in the background.
“But I want Prea to come,” Carr whined beside Kael. “It won’t be the same without her.”
Prea didn’t like seeing this little boy so upset. Yes, yesterday had been overwhelming and confusing, but it had still been a good thing for her. She had gotten some answers and…she might be imagining it, but she felt a little more herself, if that was possible. This festival would be like being thrown into the ocean without knowing how to swim; it would be yesterday magnified by ten, no, one hundred. Was she really ready for that? Confusion and guilt tugged at her and the longer she looked at Carr’s disappointed face, the more she wanted to make him happy. 
“What if I stay on the edge of the festival, so I’m there but not surrounded by people,” she suggested and looked at Kael. “If it gets to be too much, you can always bring me home.” That brought an immediate smile to Carr’s face and had Alvie grinning across the room as Kael read her eyes. 
“All right,” he acquiesced. “We’ll all go, but Prea and I will remain outside the crowd. Is that acceptable?” Kael asked Carr.
“Yes, yes, yes,” he exclaimed as his stomach rumbled with hunger. 
“Let’s get you some food,” Alvie declared as she turned and began making Carr’s breakfast. Kael rose and began preparing another pot of tea. 
Alvie and Carr joined them at the table where Prea had returned to her book. Alvie scrutinized Prea’s face, her eyes lingering on the pink scar above her eye. She had been through so much and yet no one knew the worst of it. Alvie had always taken her sister for granted, never realizing the extent of Prea’s role in her life until she was no longer there. Resentment, anger and hatred followed after being abandoned, then nothing but guilt, despair and loneliness at the news of Prea’s death. Now it was as if she was floating, flying with the strength of her happiness and relief. Even though Prea didn’t remember anything, her sister was alive and home. 
“Why did I go after the stone?” Prea asked, looking up from the worn pages. “I mean, why did I think it was real? That it would help?”
“Well…” Alvie glanced around the room as she tried to formulate an answer. “Mama believed that story was our past, our history, and that Aylin and Ciro’s legacy lives on in everything around us: the trees and sea, the mountains and wind, the sky and the stars. Mama taught us to respect nature and the elements. ‘There is power all around us,’ she used to say.
“She believed the legend was true and passed that belief onto us. When nothing else could help Carr, and there was nothing you could do here, you decided that the legend and the stone were the answer you had been looking for. That’s why you went after it.”
“Are all these stories the legend? Or just the one?” Prea wondered, flipping through the pages. “There’s so many.”
“Well, that’s a little complicated,” Alvie answered vaguely.
“The legend is just the story of Aylin and Ciro coming to Valtera and the poem. The rest are…” Kael said, but didn’t know the rest of the answer.
“The rest are additions from our mother’s ancestors,” Alvie added honestly. 
“But there’s more stuff about Aylin and Ciro. And their children. What happened after they returned to the heavens,” Prea prodded.
“It’s kind of hard to explain,” Alvie started and sat down at the table. “This book is not just the legend, it’s our family’s history. These passages and stories were chronicled and passed down from generation to generation.”
“Have you read these?” Prea asked stupidly. 
Alvie gave her a small smile. “Yes, I have. Many times. We all have.”
“Maybe I should read some of them,” Kael added, wanting to know more about what Carr had told him.
“It’s kind of a Reed family thing,” Alvie clarified automatically, not knowing what Carr had divulged. “It was passed down through our mother’s family.”
“But some of these are unbelievable. Stories of magic and power. The ability to feel the energy of nature and the land. It’s like…”
“A fairytale?” Alvie finished for her. 
“If that is an unbelievable story, then yes,” Prea answered and everyone laughed. 
“But it’s the truth,” Carr said between bites of food.
“Yes, that whole book is the truth,” Alvie replied, finally accepting her reality.
“You knew it all was real, even the stone,” Kael said. “You told me after you found it that you had had a dream. It was a dream of Aylin and Ciro with their children when they were still living here. And you saw them spell the stone and set it into the wall before they retreated from this life back to the heavens.”
“I saw them?” Prea whispered, almost to herself. The image of the dark-haired woman from earlier came back to the forefront of her mind. Maybe that was the same thing, just a different woman, she wondered.
“We found the stone,” Kael added. “It’s upstairs right now.”
“Really? Is it magical?”
“It’s powerful,” Kael answered simply. “Even I felt its power.”
“Huh,” Prea muttered and returned to the story, trying to piece together the recent events of her life. 
* * *
As Prea’s attention remained on the book, Kael and Alvie took their conversation outdoors where they walked around the back of the house and into the garden. They had been waiting for the garden to flourish before gathering everything for the harvest, though they were  not bringing or offering anything at the festival. It was a symbolic gesture and it was tradition, a way to keep the family alive and complete, if only in spirit. Alvie carried a basket, kneeling on the ground where she gathered all of the ready produce. 
Kael had multiple pieces of cloth and a knife to cut the herbs and keep them separate for freshness. They worked quietly with only the hiss of the wind and the taste of salt and pine to keep them company. It was calming, centering work and it allowed both to ruminate over all that had happened, alone yet together. 
As quickly as she had come into his life, Prea was gone in a split second. Now she was back, but she wasn’t really her. His simple life had become infinitely more complicated, a tangled web of new people, new relationships, new roles, new positions in life. Maybe it was time to go back to the basics. 
Was he happy that Prea was back? Unbelievably. 
Was he upset that she didn’t remember him? Of course. 
Did it ultimately matter? No. 
Kael gathered the herbs and returned to Alvie, stopping beside her. He studied her from above, watching her tend to her garden and reap what she had sown long ago. 
“How are you doing?” he asked. 
Alvie’s lips curved into a smile. “I could ask you the same question, you know,” she countered lightly. 
“Yes, but I asked first.”
“Honestly, I don’t really know what to think. Ever since my mother died, I’ve blamed our beliefs and the universe for all that’s happened. When you came back with the stone…I was sure our family was truly cursed. I’d lost so many people. Now that Prea’s back, I can’t help but think the universe is trying to appease me, repay some of my losses.”
“When Prea first told me about all that had happened, I thought your family was cursed. I couldn’t believe there was that much bad luck in one family.”
“It wasn’t always bad,” Alvie assured him. “And Prea never saw it that way. She always saw the good. She seemed to have unending reserves of trust and faith in everything around her. And the universe. I think it’s what made her so good for Carr and me. She saw the light where I only saw darkness.”
“That’s understandable. You were young when your mother died. It’s hard to see the good in your grief.”
“Yes, but Prea was young, too. And where I was closer to our father, she was closer to our mother. They had the same faith in the world.”
“I would expect faith is different for everyone.”
“Well, my faith was much more fragile. It died when my mother did. Then you came with the stone and reminded me of everything I used to believe. But again it didn’t come without consequence.”
“Prea was gone,” Kael added softly.
“Yes. Sometimes I think that stone is more trouble than it’s worth.”
“Maybe it could still do some good,” Kael wondered.
“How?” she asked, turning to him. 
“Well, Prea believed that it would somehow heal Carr, maybe we could use it to help heal her.”
“Like bring her memories back?”
“Maybe. What harm could it do?”
“You might not want to say things like that. Like I said, more often than not I’ve thought my family was cursed,” Alvie said quickly, than hesitated for a moment. “Do you really think it could work?”
Kael looked off into the trees. “Maybe it’s more about faith, hope and believing it will help, than actual magic or power.”
“Now you sound like Prea,” Alvie muttered, following his gaze to the forest.
“Hope and faith never steered her wrong. It’s what kept her going. And after all the time I spent with her, life seemed better her way than mine.”
“That’s true. And she is home. Even though she doesn’t remember, it’s still her,” Alvie added. She looked up into Kael’s eyes, squinting into the sun. “How are you doing?”
“Hmmm. The disbelief is still there, as well as enough relief and joy to make my heart explode, add in some worry about the future, a tinge of sadness about our relationship and you’ve got what’s going on inside my mind,” Kael described, looking out into the trees again and imagining the sea beyond. “But she’s here…and I never thought I would see her again. She’s home and she’s safe…that’s all that matters,” he added truthfully. 
Alvie rose with the basket, heavy with ripened vegetables. Her free hand grabbed Kael’s, squeezing it tight for a moment. “Maybe everything will be all right in the end,” Alvie said, channeling her sister. “Prea always thought fate had a way of bringing all of the pieces together.”
“Let’s hope so,” Kael muttered.







CHAPTER 28


As the sun passed noon and afternoon arrived, the Reed family and Kael left the house and set off toward the schoolyard. Alvie and Carr held hands, strolling in front of Kael and Prea. The air had chilled in the past few days, but it still remained warm in the sun’s light, and Kael walked beside Prea in awkward silence. He still had his doubts about this excursion. Normalcy was something they all desperately needed, especially the siblings, but he didn’t want them to become the center of attention.
Merry music drifted through the buildings and streets, reaching the group long before the schoolyard came into view. The minute he heard it, Carr began skipping and pulling Alvie down the street to the promise of fun and games. Alvie laughed wholeheartedly and with real joy at her brother’s excitement as she attempted unsuccessfully to slow his progress. They were meeting Beda and Dal at the festival as both were attending with their own families, who had been made aware of the situation regarding Prea, but Kael was unsure if any of them believed it. 
Prea’s hair fell loose against her back and it tangled in the wind, but she kept it close to her face in an attempt to draw the least amount of attention to her presence. Kael was still rather unknown within the community, so the two together went unnoticed. They kept away from the crowds and enjoyed the festival by the closest wall of the schoolyard. She watched her unfamiliar brother and sister as they wandered around the festival, playing games, eating and chatting with friends. They looked so young, happy and carefree now that they were no longer alone in this world. 
“Look, there’s Dal with his mother and father,” Kael pointed out as they joined the festival on the opposite side of the green. Prea felt like a voyeur as she spied Dal across the space and witnessed his face light up with love once he found Alvie in the crowd. She watched as he moved through the festival goers and saw the same expression come across Alvie’s face when he finally reached her. 
“So Dal is one of my oldest friends,” Prea stated uncertainly. “And now he’s in love with my sister?”
“Yes, he is. They got very close while you were away.” Kael studied her as she stood next to him watching the festival. “It’s my understanding that Dal’s always loved her. They were just too quiet to ever know.”
“Oh,” she responded simply. 
“Well, I see you two have found a nice hiding spot,” Beda said from behind them, causing Prea and Kael to turn in surprise. 
“Hello, Beda,” Kael greeted, eyeing Prea. “I thought it best.”
“Hello,” Prea added politely. 
“You have a nice view of everything here,” Beda said, glancing around and finding her parents in the distance over her shoulder. Prea and Kael followed her gaze until they saw her parents, frozen, eyes wide and mouths open in shock. Beda silently shook her head in their direction and they blended into the crowd. “Don’t worry about them. I’ll keep them away from you. And I’ll try to do the same with everyone else,” she promised. “Have fun, you two.” Beda spun and walked away, back into the mass of festival goers. 
“It’ll be fine,” Kael whispered, squeezing Prea’s hand tight. “Look, Carr’s playing marbles.”
Prea watched her little brother play, happy that he was happy. As the sun shone down on the festival, the glinting of Carr’s golden hair conjured images in her head, flickers of him and another young man with chestnut hair playing in the schoolyard under the sun. It was just a flash, over as soon as it began. 
But the boy’s happiness did not go unnoticed, nor did Alvie’s, Beda’s or Dal’s. Since the news of Prea’s accident, the Reed family and Prea’s closest friends were shadows of their former selves. Two months had passed and it appeared to the townspeople that they were moving on, if slowly. Now it was as if the past year hadn’t happened; the ship hadn’t gone down, father and fiancé hadn’t been lost and there was no mysterious sleep for Carr. 
And it caught the attention of everyone.
The festival grew as time went on, Prea’s friends and family unable to stop themselves from including her in all the festivities. Alvie and Carr brought crafts, food and stories to the pair at the wall, focusing the attention of the festival on the two they were hoping to keep away from the crowd. The third time Carr came over with a present for Prea, she looked up and saw a number of people staring directly at her. 
The whispers and pointing started and Prea’s heart began to thump wildly. The clamor of the crowd dulled as her loud pulse took its place. Her vision lost focus and the air seemed thin as it appeared everyone on the green, everyone in the schoolyard, was looking at no one but her. 
Her mind barely registered Carr calling her name and pulling at her sleeve. “I can’t…can’t…breathe…” she stammered, her voice trailing off. 
Kael grabbed her hand and pulled her away. “Carr, we have to leave. Go find Alvie. We’ll see you later, okay?” Kael directed the little boy before the two of them turned and left. They didn’t rush, just walked away casually, moving towards home hand in hand. 
“Just breathe. All you have to do is breathe. No one else is around anymore. We’re alone. Just breathe,” he instructed Prea as they walked, reminded of how she had done the same for him back in that dark tunnel under the mountain. By the time they reached home, Prea had calmed down for the most part.
“How are you doing?” Kael asked as they removed their coats and shoes.
“I’m better now,” Prea replied quietly. “Just tired.”
“Why don’t you go upstairs and lay down? I’ll make you some tea and bring it up,” he suggested.
She looked at him gratefully, nodded and climbed the stairs. Kael headed to the kitchen and started boiling water for tea. Maybe it wasn’t as bad as he thought. The festival had done the family good and they had gotten away before being bombarded. It was a success, no matter how it ended. 
But how were they supposed to reintroduce her back into society? He had some ideas about trying to trigger her memories. Maybe he should try them. What did they have to lose after all? 
He took the steaming tea upstairs to the bedroom Prea shared with Alvie. But the room was empty. He checked Carr’s; it too was empty. He returned to his room, which, in reality, was Prea’s room. She was standing at the back window looking out at the trees and garden below. You couldn’t tell from standing here that the trees were the only thing that separated them from the ocean. Maybe she remembered that this was her room, he thought. 
“I have your tea,” Kael said from the doorway and that sudden noise caused her to jump a little out of her skin. 
“Thank you,” she replied, but made no move towards him. She didn’t even turn.
“I thought you would be in Alvie’s room…” he began.
“Something told me to come in here,” she said and finally looked at him. “This is your room, isn’t it? I’m sorry, I’ll go.” She hastily moved to exit the room.
“You don’t have to go,” Kael said quickly. “This was your room long before it was mine. I should say is your room.”
“Oh.”
“Come sit down, have some tea.” He directed her toward the bed and handed her the hot mug. Something on the bedside table caught the sunlight and glistened, throwing bright colorful rays all over the room. Prea just watched as the light danced, jumping from wall to wall until it slowly faded. Her gaze returned to the still-glowing rock atop the small table where it held her stare, just as she held Kael’s. 
“Is that what I think it is?” Prea whispered. 
“Yes, it’s the stone,” Kael answered just as quiet. 
“The one that healed Carr?” she added.
“Actually,” Kael began. “By the time I got here with the stone, Carr was already awake and well.”
“He was?” she asked, surprised, and turned to face Kael. “What happened?”
He looked into her beautifully green, questioning eyes. “We don’t know,” he replied honestly. “One day he just woke up and said he was hungry. We never knew what was wrong with him to begin with and we have no idea how he got better.”
“Hmm.” Prea turned away from him and looked back at the stone, contemplating something. She said nothing and Kael couldn’t read her face, having no idea what was going through her mind. 
“What are you thinking?” Kael asked her, curiosity winning out. 
She turned back to him. “Huh?” She shook her head, turning back to the stone. “Nothing.” 
He leaned across her and grabbed the stone off the table. He held it out in front of her and waited for her to hold out her own hand. She stared at his offered fist and hesitated before extending her hand below his. 
“Here,” Kael muttered and dropped the stone into Prea’s open hand. 
As soon as the stone touched her skin, her fingers closed around it, holding it tight. Her hand came down to rest on top of her leg where she opened her fingers and studied the magical rock on her palm. It emitted a pulsing glow and held her attention completely, mesmerizing her. Prea tilted her head to the side, her brow furrowed and a quizzical expression crossed her face. 
A familiar face flashed again, but this time it was different. It was an apparition of the young man’s face from earlier, a ghost in dark woods.
“Prea, please tell me what you’re thinking,” Kael begged, desperate to have some connection with her again. She looked back into his eyes. 
“It’s heavy for its size,” Prea murmured, placing the stone back on the table and taking a sip of her tea. 
It didn’t work. Even though it was a slim possibility, he thought the stone would restore her memories or trigger something in her. It was a long shot, remember? Kael told himself. You knew it might not work. But that didn’t stop the hope; the hope that the stone would work or her room would trigger her memories or the cliff would feel familiar. She was still a stranger.







CHAPTER 29


A month had passed since the harvest festival and the group had awkwardly settled back into a semi-normal routine given their new circumstances. Kael had felt uncomfortable about his continued presence, believing that the family needed to move on as a unit in his absence. Shortly after the harvest festival, he suggested that he find another place to live, but was firmly shut down and convinced to stay put exactly where he was. Kael had become an honorary member of the Reed family and Prea’s welcome return was not going to change that fact; Prea, Alvie and Carr would not let it. 
Prea’s presence could not be kept a secret for long and the group slowly spread the news of her return and condition around town. Life was taken one moment at a time to avoid any more overwhelming situations. Like the seasons, it was a time of transition and change. 
“Prea, I have to go pick a few things up,” Alvie announced the day before All Hallows Eve. “Do you want to come with?”
“Sure,” Prea answered and the two prepared to leave. “What do we need to get?”
“Oh, just a few things for the holiday. We can get pumpkins and gourds at Willow’s farm. And a few items of food for tomorrow night. Then we can stop and see Beda, if you’d like.”
“That’s fine,” Prea said and they left. 
The weather had steadily gotten colder since the harvest festival. The wind held a chill, the days grew darker and the leaves fell from the trees. It would be a relatively long outing given Willow’s farm wasn’t near any of the other stops. 
“How are you doing?” Alvie wondered as they walked. 
“Today? Or in general?”
“Either. Both.”
“It’s getting easier,” Prea admitted, pulling her blonde braid over her shoulder. “The staring doesn’t bother quite so much.”
“Has anything felt familiar? Any flickers or memories of the past?”
Prea had seen things, felt things, but nothing particularly familiar. “Nature feels familiar, fire especially. This land. Not much else.”
“That makes some amount of sense. That connection is deep down in blood and bone. I don’t think you can ever be rid of it.”
“Is it like that for you?” Prea asked, looking sideways at Alvie.
“I’ve tried to deny it for a very long time, but yes. It’s a part of me, something that will always be. I’ve only recently begun to accept that fact.”
“Why did you try to deny it?”
“I thought it was the reason for all my problems, so I blamed it.”
“What made you change your mind?”
“Your return,” Alvie said simply. “That brought back a little of my faith.”
They made it to Willow’s farm and picked out their pumpkins before completing the rest of their errands at the market and bakery. Then they stopped in on Beda.
“Hello, you two,” Beda greeted as the girls entered the shop. “I see you’ve been shopping.”
“Yes, we have,” Prea answered. “Though I’m not sure why we have pumpkins.”
“The pumpkins are for carving,” Beda explained, leaning against the counter. “Mainly for decoration. There are tales about them warding off evil spirits, but who knows if that’s true.”
Alvie laughed. “Those, I believe, are actually not true, Beda. Other things? Yes. That? No.”
“Any-way,” Beda drawled with a wave of her hand. “How are you two doing today?”
The sisters exchanged a look. “We’re both doing good,” Alvie answered with a smile. “The festival’s providing a much needed distraction.”
“Are you excited?” Beda asked Prea.
“It’s hard not to be when everybody else is, especially Carr. He’s been explaining the holiday and the festival. He assures me it’s going to be fun,” she answered with her own grin.
“Oh, it will be,” Beda promised, her eyes glittering. 
* * *
Kael leaned against the doorway, watching as Alvie and Carr sat on the floor of the kitchen with Prea, showing her how to carve faces into the pumpkins and gourds. It was finally All Hallows Eve and they were carrying out the usual traditions. Carr had his hand inside a pumpkin and he was scraping out the gooey, seedy center. Once they all started carving out their own gourd, the seeds and goop started flying across the room as an all-out war began between the siblings. Kael remained on the sidelines and out of the fray but was soon dragged into the melee. 
Laughter, squealing and screaming, the sweet sounds of a happy family, filled the room even after all parties surrendered and the carving resumed. Everyone was covered in pumpkin guts, seeds strung into hair and stuck to clothing. But smiles were present on all faces and the enjoyment just continued. When they were finished, each placed their carving onto the table so all could be admired. Alvie had gone with classic, Carr with scary and Prea went artistic. 
Prea and Kael began the cleanup as Alvie scooted Carr out of the room. “Come on, bud, let’s get you cleaned off,” Alvie ordered lightly and exited after him. As Prea kneeled on the floor gathering the carving remains, Kael pulled some of the seeds and guts out of her blonde hair. 	
“Having fun?” he asked, smiling. 
Prea looked up into his teasing blue eyes. “Yes, I am,” she laughed. “What about you?”
“I can honestly say that I’ve never had more fun on All Hallows Eve before in my life,” he confessed. “Holidays weren’t all that important in my house growing up.”
“Really? That’s too bad,” Prea replied. “Not that I can remember any holidays of my past,” she muttered as an afterthought. 
They completed the rest of the cleanup in silence, before they ended and found themselves looking into each other’s eyes. Whenever she looked at him straight on like this, butterflies rustled and flitted within his stomach. He loved her more with every passing day and right now his love for her clouded his mind completely. 
“Do you know what the night holds for us?” Prea asked, breaking the silence. 
“Umm. I’m not quite sure what the tradition is here, but I believe there’s going to be a bonfire in the schoolyard. There might be something about costumes and dancing…we’ll have to wait and see,” Kael answered vaguely. 
“Costumes?” Prea asked incredulously. “Where am I going to find a costume in an afternoon?”
“I think they may have a surprise for you,” Kael chuckled, as he tilted his head toward the door. “Don’t worry about it, just enjoy it.” 
* * *
Morning turned to afternoon, afternoon to evening; food was gathered and cooked in preparation for the night’s festivities. As the setting sun painted the land in a warm glow, the Reed family arranged their carved pumpkins and gourds just outside the front door. Satisfied with their placement, the siblings headed to the woods to fulfill another family tradition. 
As twilight fell, the Reed children crossed into the enchanting forest behind their house, hands laden with supplies. A few feet into the trees, Alvie found an acceptable limb and hung a homemade lantern from the branch. Prea and Carr followed suit, the three of them hanging lanterns every few feet, creating a path through the trees in the coming darkness until they reached the cliff side. On the way back, they lit the lanterns, bathing groups of trees in glowing pools of light. Later they would go to the cliff, allowing their parents to join them in the festivities.
Before returning to the house, Prea looked back over her shoulder at the illuminated forest which held an ethereal beauty within its wooded soul. The glow called to her, a beacon in the dark expanse of her mind. It wanted her to remember, to see the truth and know it was real. But nothing came, so Prea strode away from the call and back into the house. 
As soon as she entered, Prea was whisked away by her sister and Beda to their bedroom upstairs. Kael followed in their footsteps, retreating to his own room where his costume lay on the end of his bed. Beda, with help from Alvie and Dal, had made the perfect costumes for all of them. 
* * *
“What are you doing?” Prea asked as the three entered the room the sisters shared.
“Getting ready, of course,” Beda said simply. 
“Kael said there were costumes…” Prea’s voice trailed off.
“Yes, but they’re all taken care of. Don’t you worry,” Alvie added lightly.
“How did you? When did you?” She couldn’t even form any more words as Beda and Alvie pulled out the hidden garments. 
	“Sit,” Beda ordered and Prea obeyed, sitting before a mirror. Beda quickly went to work, gathering, twirling and pinning Prea’s blonde waves into a beautifully constructed mass atop her head. 
“Ooh, pretty,” Alvie added when Beda had finished.
“Yes. She doesn’t need much else.”
“No, just a little of the things I whipped up.”
“What kinds of things?” Prea wondered.
“Oh, you’ll see,” Alvie answered and pulled out a few colorful jars. A swipe of black pigment to her lashes, a dusting of pink and golden flecks to her cheeks and a swish of rose to her lips was all she needed. “Look.”
Prea turned back to the mirror and was shocked by her reflection. Her eyes and lips were of no worry, but she was uncomfortable with the large scar across the side of her face. She feared the flecks would highlight the fresh skin still a striking pink against her pale complexion. But, surprisingly, the scar wasn’t the focus. 
“All right. Time to get dressed,” Beda instructed, holding up Prea’s dress for her to see. “Tonight you are Aylin, the moon herself. Come on, we don’t have all day.”
Prea stood speechless and mesmerized as she took in the beautiful costume before her. It was simple, yet stunning, and held her focus as she began to strip off her normal, everyday clothes.
She froze when the others gasped. “What? What’s wrong?”
Alvie’s eyes were wide and had not moved from Prea’s stomach where another jagged pink scar ran across the side of her middle.
“We just…weren’t expecting…” Beda trailed off, still staring. This was the first time they had seen so much of her skin and neither had realized how extensive Prea’s injuries had been. 
“Sorry,” Prea muttered self-consciously.
“Why? You have nothing to apologize for,” Beda assured her. 
“Yes,” Alvie whispered when she finally got her voice back. “It just means you’ve survived. And you’re here. With us.”
“Back where you’re meant to be,” Beda added. “With family.”
* * *
Kael changed into his simple tunic and trousers, grabbed the golden mask that accompanied it and returned downstairs. He was greeted by an enthusiastic Carr dressed in green and brown, a bow and quiver of arrows slung across his back. His mask and hat rested haphazardly on the table. 
Carr was in an animated conversation with Dal, who was also dressed in a tunic and trousers, his white and brown, with a crown of leaves in his hair and a lute in his hand. 
“Hello, Dal. How are you?” Kael asked and shook Dal’s hand in greeting. 
“I’m good. Carr was just showing me his bow and arrows, weren’t you, Carr?” Dal responded as Carr nodded his agreement. “I have to ask, Kael, what is your costume exactly?”
Kael laughed. “I was going to ask you the same thing. Tonight, I am Ciro, the sun himself. And you are…” he trailed off.
“I am a satyr, a lord of the forest,” Dal replied, bending slightly at the waist. 
Footsteps echoed above and the boys turned, eagerly waiting for the girls to join them. Beda came into view first, a vision of red, yellow and orange. The colorful streaks of breezy fabric wrapped around her body, leaving tendrils flowing behind her like blazing streamers. Her bright hair was wild about her face and her flaming mask was clutched in her hand. Beda was a sight to behold, the incarnation of fire before them and even her cool eyes sparked as her laughter filled the room.
Alvie followed a step behind, a vision in her own right, but quite the opposite of Beda’s boldness. Instead, Alvie was dressed in a soft green frock that gave the impression she was gliding on air. Flowers, butterflies and vinery accented the garment and were laced through her braided brown hair. Her face glittered in the muted light of the house making her skin glisten and her eyes glow. She embodied the delicacy, beauty and subtle strength of nature. But it was love that shone from her very core and a smile brightened her face as her eyes met Dal’s across the room. 
Beda and Alvie crossed the space, joining the boys as they watched Prea appear at the bottom of the stairs. Kael’s mouth dropped and his heart stopped for the impossibly long time it took for Prea to lift her eyes to meet his own. 
Prea was an elegant dream compared to the others. She was clad in a simple white gown that hung gracefully from her shoulders, gently clinging to her bust before the fabric fell perfectly around her in slight waves that skimmed the tops of her toes. Her blonde waves were gathered into a crown atop her head and her pale skin seemed illuminated from within. She looked uncertain as she held her mask in both hands, fiddling with it slightly. She stroked the fabric, ensuring that everything was in place. 
“How do I look?” Prea murmured nervously. 
“You look…you look…” Kael stammered, his heart now beating fiercely in his chest.
“You look really pretty, Prea,” Carr interjected with a giant smile. You could always count on him.
“You really do, Prea,” Alvie added and Prea sighed, letting her shoulders drop as her self-consciousness slowly melted away.
Beda moved towards the window, peeking out, and announced, “It’s time to go.” 
Everyone put on their masks and the girls quickly threw on shoes before the group headed out the door. Once outside, night enveloped them as a crisp breeze blew past, ruffling clothes and hair in the process. The girls shivered, their arms and décolletage exposed to the elements, but that wouldn’t last long. Just like the harvest festival, the bonfire was going to be lit in the schoolyard and the adjoining village green would handle the overflow. 
Music and voices wafted up and down the streets of Beech, trailing off as they reached the group. Carr couldn’t contain his excitement and he ran off ahead as Beda called for him to slow down. He didn’t listen and soon disappeared around a corner, laughing. The group turned the same corner soon after, arriving at the town celebration just as Carr ran back towards them. 
“Happy All Hallows Eve,” Carr exclaimed to the rest, brandishing his bow before running off once more to find his friends. It was a joint affair, keeping track of him; the remaining five each had an eye on the energetic boy, always aware of Carr’s location in the massive crowd. 
Voices and laughter, greetings and general merriment came from all around, circling them on the friendly autumn wind. Beda was called away, the colors of her dress glistening like flaming waves in the glow of the neighboring embers. That left the sisters and their dates standing awkwardly on the edge of the party. Prea looked at her sister, seeing and feeling the happiness and true love radiating off of her in waves.
“Go,” she whispered to her sister. 
Alvie turned. “What?” 
“Go on,” Prea repeated, indicating the growing crowd in front of them. “Go. Have some fun. You deserve it,” she continued.
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes, sweetheart. I’m sure. We’ll be fine. Go,” she ordered, sounding exactly like the big sister Alvie grew up with. 
She was something, Kael thought. He studied her throughout, even as she continued to watch her younger sister and his eyes followed her gaze as she sought out Carr in the masses. Feeling Kael’s stare, she looked up into his masked eyes. The deep blue oceans bore down on her through the glittering golden mask decorated with little suns in what appeared to be wonder or maybe it was admiration.
“What?” she wondered. 
“No…nothing,” he stammered as this was the first time she had looked directly at him with her mask on. She stole his breath away, her gleaming green eyes the one bit of color on her face, highlighted by the silver mask adorned with little moons. “I just…you look beautiful,” he finished simply. 
“Thank you.” Prea dropped her eyes, blushing beneath her mask. “You don’t look too bad yourself,” she said, lifting her eyes back to his. “So…we’re Aylin and Ciro, correct?” 
“Yes. Didn’t they tell you?”
“They did. I just wondered how they came up with the costumes.”
“You told me once about the dream. The one where you saw them. You told me they were gorgeous, ethereal and dressed in simple white garments. So I told Beda. She fashioned these as well as the masks. I thought you might like it,” he added shyly.
“I do. It was very thoughtful,” she said and looked towards the fire. 
Without thinking, Kael grabbed Prea’s hand and pulled her through the crowd toward the enormous bonfire. As they neared the frolicking flames, the music became clearer and they saw games being played as well as fortunes being told through tarot and other traditional means. All Hallows Eve was a time where the veils between this world and the next, between the past and the present, were thin, making it easier to communicate with those who had passed and see the possibilities the future may hold for those who remained behind. 
He led her close to the warmth, relieving her shivering, and drew her into his arms. Her eyes widened in surprise and Kael smiled in satisfaction. He spun them around in step with the music as he led them toward the other twirling couples. Kael had no idea how to dance, but he held her tight, grateful for the excuse to be close. So they whirled amongst the other pairs, spinning with no thoughts or expectations, just living in the moment. 
The music morphed, the dancing shifted and the two continued to live in their own beautiful little world. Soon Prea and Kael silently agreed to step back from the dancing flames. They didn’t speak, just watched the happy couples move freely in the swaying glow of the embers. Kael focused on the couples, but Prea’s eyes latched onto the changing colors and the swirling ribbons of fire. 
Her mind cleared; nothing else mattered as the blaze lured her in. A flash sparked in her mind, the image of a different fire. This…trance felt familiar. Prea stifled a gasp as raw, burning emotion flooded her system. She couldn’t distinguish it at first; it was an unknown feeling. But she recognized it soon enough and was overcome with the immensity of love flowing through her veins as tears grew in her eyes. She closed her eyes and tried to take a deep, calming breath but another image flashed behind her eyelids; an outline of a couple clad in white with white hair fading back into the night. 
Prea’s head was spinning and the air around her felt thinner; she could only take shallow breaths. It was too much – the music and the crackling of the fire, the footsteps of the dancers and the orchestra of voices, the smoky air cut by the brisk whipping wind.
Prea let instinct take over and she bolted from her spot beside Kael. Somewhere deep in her mind she heard him calling after her, following her through the crowd, but she dodged and slipped between everyone, reaching the dark empty street opposite the schoolyard. Once she was free of the crowd, Prea flew down the street as if invisible wings had sprouted from her back. 
* * *
Kael sprinted after his fleeing love, knocking into people here and there. He tripped and lost his balance but the crowd was too dense to let him fall. His eyes lost track of Prea and, though he was tall, he couldn’t see over the masses. A hand reached out of nowhere, grasping his arm and pulling him to a stop. Kael spun to see who the hand belonged to and found Beda staring at him, eyes full of concern and eyebrows raised in a silent question. Kael tore his eyes away from her, scanning the spot he last saw Prea, but it was too late. I’ll never be able to catch her now, he thought and turned back to Beda. 
“One second we were standing together by the bonfire, the next she was darting through the crowd without so much as a word,” Kael said by way of explanation.
Beda’s eyes narrowed, her hand still on his arm. “What do you mean?”
“I mean she just ran away and I lost sight of her in the crowd,” he said, his voice rising with anxiety. Beda was quiet for a minute and briefly looked around at the faces of the people surrounding them. She took a deep breath and squeezed his arm lightly to get his attention.
“Don’t worry, Kael. She’ll be fine,” Beda assured him. “Let her be.”
“But she still doesn’t remember her life, what if she gets lost…or hurt…or…” He couldn’t even bring himself to finish the sentence. “I can’t lose her again, Beda.”
“I know, Kael. But I also know my friend. Even if she doesn’t remember her past, she’s still the same person. I trust her and her instincts,” Beda promised. “Come on. Let’s find the others.”
* * *
Her limp momentarily forgotten, Prea didn’t slow, didn’t stop running through the darkness until she neared her destination. The cold wind nipped at her, blowing her hair out of place and shooting shivers down her spine. She tugged at her hair until it was falling freely down her back as she crossed through the shadows of trees beneath the glowing lanterns and into the forest. The dim light was bright enough to see by as twigs and leaves cracked and crunched under the weight of her footsteps, but the sounds barely registered. The air stilled within the confines of the woods, the gooseflesh ceasing to spread across her skin. Her fingers trailed against the scratchy bark, calling up images of another walk in different woods. 
Prea’s feet stepped into the last pool of warm light at the tree line leading out to the cliffs. She stopped beneath the lantern, surprised at what she saw and at the same time not. A ghostly woman dressed in white stood with her back to the trees, facing the black sea dotted with the reflections of stars on its calm surface. Prea felt the presence of the luminous being and knew who the woman was before she turned. Still, Prea couldn’t help but gasp as the woman spun, her white blonde hair fluttering on the sea breeze. She held her hand out in reception. 
“Welcome, my daughter. I’ve been waiting for you.”







CHAPTER 30


“How did you know?” Prea wondered in the darkness. 
“The same way you knew to come here,” the woman answered. “The same way you know who I am.” There was an audible intake of breath from Prea at the being’s realization. I guess that’s not surprising, Prea thought to herself. 
“Come, my daughter,” the woman repeated, arm still beckoning her forward. Prea’s feet moved without command, carrying her towards the ethereal ghost. She raised her own hand as she neared, placing it on the woman’s offered palm and, though there was no corporeal hand to hold, Prea felt a warm pressure tingling against her skin. She lifted her eyes from her hand to the woman’s face. 
“You’re Aylin, aren’t you?” Prea asked, barely above a whisper. 
“Yes, child. I am the daughter of the moon,” she replied simply. “And I’ve been watching over you for some time now.”
“You have?” Prea was shocked. “I don’t understand…” Her voice trailed off and she looked out at the smooth surface of the sea, its proximity calming her emotions. 
With her free hand, Aylin placed her invisible fingers under Prea’s chin and lightly guided her face back until they were eye to eye once more. “You’ve been through so much, child. I am so proud of you,” she said, silver tears welling in her eyes. “I never wanted this for you. So much loss and pain in your short life. And yet, you’ve handled it with such maturity and grace.”
Prea tried to shake her head, uncomfortable with where this conversation was going. “But I don’t even remember…” she began. 
“Just because you don’t remember, doesn’t mean it didn’t happen,” Aylin interrupted quietly. “I know you have questions. You’ve been told stories about your life and who you used to be. But there are still things you do not know.”
“But do I even want to remember?” Prea wondered. “Maybe I’m better off this way, without the pain and the loss. I know it happened but I don’t feel it. I can’t feel it. Why would I want to feel all of that again?”
The tingling pressure left Prea’s hand as Aylin raised it to brush the hair off of her face. Everyone else wanted her to remember, Kael and Alvie, Carr and Beda and Dal. They had given her time when she first got back, but as time wore on they tried subtly at first and then more overtly. No one had ever asked her what she had wanted. Prea could only assume that they had been honest with her, but she could never be sure. And they hadn’t exactly painted a pretty picture of her past.  
“There is always going to be pain. You can’t feel loss if you have never known love. You would want to be kept in the dark to save yourself the pain, and sacrifice all the good, all the love in the process?” Aylin countered, as Prea looked away. “I know what you’ve seen, the flickers and flashes of your past. Don’t you want to know what they mean? Don’t you want to remember your mother and father? I can promise you that it was not all pain and heartbreak. There was love and happiness, friendship and family.”
Prea shook her head, trying hard to reconcile what she was feeling and what was happening. “But what if I don’t like my life? Or like the person I was? At least now I have a fresh start,” Prea admitted somewhat selfishly, avoiding Aylin’s eyes. She crossed her arms in front of her chest and stared out at the water, the wind and sea creating a harmony in her ears. 
Aylin knew the woman that stood beside her; had watched her from birth as she grew into a child and then a young woman, reluctantly taking on the responsibility of the household and her siblings. She hadn’t even reached adulthood yet. Aylin had watched as Prea lost her mother and fell in love for the first time, had watched her crumble at the loss of her father and fiancé, had watched as she faced the threat of losing her little brother. 
“But that’s not what’s bothering you, is it?” Aylin questioned. Prea remained silent, but Aylin didn’t prod or pressure; she just needed to wait until Prea was ready to admit what Aylin already knew. She was a mother after all and knew when her children had to do something on their own.
“I felt it,” Prea muttered simply. 
Aylin just watched her, letting the silence do the prodding. Prea needed to say what she was thinking, what she was feeling, what she feared. Only then would she be able to truly move on. 
“I felt the power, the immensity of love. I felt it in my whole being, every part of me and if that’s the good then the bad is…very, very bad.” She paused. “I don’t know if I can handle that and I’m scared of what will happen if I can’t,” Prea confessed, finally returning Aylin’s gaze. 
“You can handle it. You’ve already lived it. And if you can’t, well, it’s good you’re not alone,” Aylin assured her. “I know you, Prea. I look after all of the children of this earth, but I pay close attention to the children of me and mine.”
“What?” Prea exclaimed. 
“I’ve watched you, Prea. I’ve looked after you your whole life,” Aylin explained. “I know you.”
“If you know so much about me and my life, tell me…what was wrong with Carr? They said after the funeral ritual, he just wouldn’t wake up. They tried everything and nothing worked. What happened?” she demanded. Turns out she really did want those answers. 
“I see you’ve found what you really want,” Aylin noted, eyes sparkling. “It began the night your brother was born when both he and your mother died and passed on. They briefly resided in the next realm before being summoned back to life. But they did not return unharmed, though it was not a visible wound. Their souls were no longer intact; a part remained in the next realm.
“Your mother and brother were connected by their shared experience. When she died a part of him went with her, leaving your brother weaker than before. That was when his coughing fits began,” Aylin continued. 
“Your father helped save your brother the night he was born and they were connected in their own right, if differently. Your father was like an anchor tying him to this world. When your father passed on, again, a part of your brother went with him into the next realm. His weakened state left him vulnerable. Too much of his soul remained in the next realm with your parents, and he was left in a deep sleep.”
“Say that’s all true, then how did he wake? Kael told me that when he arrived, Carr was already awake and healthy. He didn’t even need the stone. What changed?” Prea asked, riveted by the story Aylin told her. Although some would never believe it, deep in her heart she knew it was true.
“You did,” she replied simply.
“What? How?” Prea asked surprised.
“Prea, my daughter,” Aylin said, tucking a piece of Prea’s hair behind her ear. “You believed in the power—of nature, of the elements, of the sun and the moon, of the universe. But, more importantly, you respected it. You believed in me and my love, in our family, in our lives and our legacy. You believed in love and faith and hope. You showed your intelligence and trust, your bravery and courage, and most of all your selflessness on your journey to save your brother. Prea, you proved your worthiness and found the stone.” 
Prea stared, mouth open, speechless.
“You don’t remember anything before that family found you, saved you. You fell through the ice, but you managed to make it out and down the mountain. You were badly injured, cold and starving. You had hit your head and finally collapsed when you could go no further.” 
Prea wasn’t sure she wanted to hear any of this. There was an ominous tone to the story and, though she was alive, standing right here on her cliffs, she suddenly didn’t want to know all the facts and specifics. 
“You closed your eyes, tired and alone, and drifted off. Your last conscious thought was a plea: your life in exchange for Carr getting better. You offered your soul, your entirely whole soul, in place of your brother’s. Your worthiness caught the eye of the universe and the universe listened. That’s what saved him.”
Her thoughts wouldn’t form in her mind. It didn’t make any sense. If she had sacrificed herself for Carr, that would mean she had to die for her soul to take his place. But they were both alive and well. How could that be? “But…we’re both here…”
“You willingly gave yourself to save Carr and you did in fact pass on, for longer than you would believe. The sacrifice was made. You had no control over that family finding you and saving your life. But know that the balance was maintained. Your brother’s soul is whole once more. Yours is no longer.”
“Is that why I can see you?” Prea asked quietly, trying to connect the dots.
“No. You can see me because I want you to, through my power and the power of All Hallows Eve.”
“What does it mean? That my soul is no longer whole?”
“It means you have a foot in the next realm, just like your mother years ago. It isn’t something you should notice. If I hadn’t told you, you never would have known.”
Do I feel different? Prea wondered. Well, I wouldn’t know, now, would I? But now they were back to the question at hand, to know the past or not. None of these revelations were making Prea any more eager to remember her life before. She still couldn’t decide, so she asked something she was mildly curious about. 
“What about the stone? Would it have worked? If I had managed to make it back, would it have saved him?” she asked. 
“I cannot say. I have no sense of the future or knowledge of what might have been. Everything happens for a reason, my daughter. Trust that things will work out the way they are meant to.”
Prea was still trying to piece all of this information together, to understand the puzzle. “I held the stone in my hands. I felt the power of your love flow through me, but I didn’t recall my past.”
“Child, when you held the stone you felt more than the power of my love. You felt some of your past, maybe saw things, and didn’t want it to restore your memories,” Aylin answered. “You have a choice in this world, you always have a choice.”
There was more to the story than met the eye. Since waking without memories, Prea had been relying solely on feeling, instinct and intuition. After all her family and friends had shared, and though she didn’t know them, she sensed they were still keeping something from her. The flickers of memories came first, along with echoes of past feelings. Then there were the stories cut short, the glances shared and the whispers spoken behind her back. She was sure they did it for her benefit, to save her some mixture of emotions, but it changed nothing. The truth came out in the following weeks; she had lost more than her mother and father. 
“The story of my life isn’t exactly daisies and rainbows and sunshine,” Prea began with a deep sigh. “They tried to spare me pain and confusion. There was no way they could hide the truth about Mama and Papa, but they hid others. I saw it, felt it, sensed it somehow, not to mention the flickers of my past. Whatever they kept from me had to be exceptional compared to all they had shared. What other reason is there for the secrecy? If my memories would only lead to more pain, then I didn’t want to remember. I held the stone in that time, before I knew their secret.” She let out a sound of exasperation and looked desperately into Aylin’s blue eyes.
“How much pain can a person endure? It’s hard now and I’m a stranger to it. I didn’t…I don’t think I can survive experiencing it all over again. Not my past or my journey and fall.” Prea choked out a hopeless laugh. “I felt the purity of love, how it can fill you and make you fly. And I know I lost it, not once but thrice. It’s unimaginable and yet, it’s my past, my reality.”
“But Prea, darling, you can never truly lose someone,” Aylin began, placing her transparent hand on Prea’s chest, right above her heart. “They live on forever in you, in your heart and the hearts of those they loved. Remember, they are the warmth of the sun’s rays and the time in all your days. They are the song of a lonely lark and the quiet beating of your heart.” She paused, holding Prea’s face between her ghostly hands and looked deep into her eyes. “I am the glow of the moon at night and they are my many stars shining bright,” Aylin whispered, kissing Prea lightly on the forehead. Then she was gone. 
Prea looked around, her fingertips brushing her cheek which was still warm from Aylin’s otherworldly touch. Had that really happened? It felt like a dream, standing on the edge of the cliff surrounded by darkness. But it wasn’t true darkness. Prea raised her chin, eyes gazing at the night sky where the moon shone like a beacon of hope in the darkness. Her presence calmed Prea’s pounding heart. And to the right of the moon was a cluster of stars, three to be exact, shining brighter than all the rest. 
* * *
It came like a flood, like rushing water bearing down on the dam within her mind, obliterating it. A massive wave came forth, spilling over the walls and blocks below, drowning the rest of the fortified areas. Prea’s eyes closed and she gasped at the bombardment of images flying through her mind. One hand rose to her chest as she bent at the waist, her other hand clutching her leg, keeping herself from keeling over completely. Images and memories flowed, shifted and morphed, creating a stream of her life before her eyes.
	She was a little girl again, her beautiful mother reading her the story of Aylin and Ciro. Then her father was tucking her and her sister into bed, telling them a story as the night sky darkened outside their window. The image changed to the woods, where she hid behind a tree and watched her mother stand atop the cliff calling on nature to bring her father home safe and sound. Back in the house, her mother’s scream pierced the night Carr was born and she was reliving her fear as she ran like she was on fire to get the doctor before her father was introducing them to their baby brother Carr. 
Then she was fifteen and hopeless after her mother’s death, her brother’s waking cries pulling her away from her drowning grief. Now she was on the cliff, taking her mother’s place and watching her father’s ship sail off into the distance. Back inside, she and Alvie were fighting as Carr played in the background before the image changed and her father was at the door introducing her to his new crewmember, Leal. 
To her classroom where she was teaching kids the same stories her mother taught her and Leal was surprising her when school was out. He was buying Carr sweets and making her laugh, as love blossomed inside her heart. She was so happy and in love with her whole life before her.
Then it was gone. 
Dal was in the doorway telling her that her father and her future were gone. The hopelessness returned, but she was responsible for her siblings. To the cliff once more, where they were saying goodbye to those they lost, throwing bay laurel, rosemary and periwinkle offerings into the sea. Now she was in Carr’s bedroom, her fear tangible as he refused to wake. 
She was on a wooded road being accosted by a strange young man. Then face down in a stream, her body aching after the fall down the rock wall. Now in Flint and Kael was offering to accompany her on her journey. She was helping Kael across the cove and into the tunnel where they walked hand in hand through the never-ending darkness. Then they stood in the tunnel opening and Kael was kissing her before she was underwater, looking at a carving of Aylin and Ciro as she freed the stone from the wall. 
Then she was hanging precariously from the ice, throwing the stone to Kael and making him promise to leave her. She was falling, her face hitting jagged rock as she tumbled into nothingness. Her leg collided with earth, snapping like a twig, the pain fierce and all-consuming. She was in a narrow opening, clawing her way through before the crevasse opened into what appeared to be another of the tunnels under the mountain. 
There were only flashes now, bits and pieces of her journey down the mountain. She had been out of her mind in pain. She collapsed, unable to move another inch and she drifted, tired, hungry, cold, and knew her fate. Then she was asking that her brother be saved, offering her life for his and, with that, she took her last breath. 
She was back home on her cliff, but it was different now, just a shadow of the real place. There was a light on the horizon, the sea now signifying whatever came next. She didn’t know how, but she knew that all she had to do was step off the edge and she would be free. 
But her brother was calling to her and she turned. She had been sure she was alone. It seemed that this was an in between place, a limbo or ghostly realm. Or perhaps it was just his dream. Whatever it was, wherever they were, she took it as a gift.
Prea, what are you doing here? I haven’t seen anyone in ages, Carr said. 
She knew what she had to do. This was all for her brother. Cricket, everything is going to be all right. You’re going to be fine. She crossed to him and held his hands. 
Prea, you’re scaring me, he said. 
She looked at this boy who had already lost so much and knew he was going to lose more. Cricket…I need you to remember that I will always be with you, no matter what. I will always look out for you, look after all of you, but I have to go be with Mama and Papa now. 
Carr’s mouth dropped open in shock. No. No, Prea. That can’t be, he protested. 
Tears streamed down her face now; no one should have to say goodbye like this. 
I need to tell you, someone’s going to come see you. His name is Kael. He’s…well, it’s hard to explain. You’re his family now and he’s going to need you. Trust him, he’ll keep all of you safe. Just like he kept me safe. Prea wiped the wetness from her cheeks. But if Kael is doubtful, tell him that he did all he could. There was nothing else to be done. And tell everyone, including Kael, that I love them and everything is going to be all right, she said. She pushed a few free strands of hair out of his face as her brother began to fade in front of her eyes. She didn’t have much time. Don’t be sad, cricket. Don’t any of you be sad. I’ll be fine. I love you. And he was gone, hopefully back to his bed where he would finally wake. 
She was looking out to the sea once more, standing on the edge for a few moments. She looked inside her heart and came to terms with her fate. She was stepping off the cliff and into the unknown, passing over, and she was weightless as she closed her eyes. When she opened them, she was in another world high in the sky, her mother, father and Leal standing before her, smiling, welcoming her home. Time ceased as she found peace. 
Suddenly she was being pulled back like metal to a magnet, before she was in a strange bed, confused with no idea how she got there. Her mind and body were battered and broken, taking weeks to heal, some not at all. Then she was on a boat sailing down the river toward the bay and strangers were calling out her name, running to her, hugging her. She was home where her family and friends were taking care of her. Then she was at the harvest festival and now it was All Hallows Eve and she was dancing with Kael…before she ran away and came here.  
Prea straightened slowly, looking to the sky again as little rivers ran down her face. She was right, experiencing the pain and loss and grief of her entire life all at once was almost unbearable, her mind and heart about to explode. 
But Aylin was also right; you can’t have pain without love. And love is where she would find her salvation. 
* * *
The group returned to the Reed home from the festival, looking forward to enjoying the food they had prepared earlier in the day. But Kael hesitated at the door, still concerned with Prea’s absence. He walked to the side of the house, drawn away from the rest. 
“Kael? Where are you going?” Beda called after him, causing him to turn. “She’ll be fine, Kael. Come inside.”
He stared at Prea’s best friend, attempting to trust her instincts about his love. But he instincts of his own and they were telling him where to find her. 
“I won’t be long,” he called back to Beda and walked away without waiting for a response. 
Around back, he moved towards the first lantern at the edge of the forest and, as he crossed the woody threshold, he felt a shock run through him. It was power. He had never really felt it, except for the stone, but Prea had talked about it before. His feet followed the lit path through the trees, branches brushing up against him, sparking him as leaves rustled and crunched as he trod over them. 
He came to a halt at the edge of the wood and his heart skipped a beat at the sight of her. There he heard the steady sound of the crashing waves and the cool breeze that made the branches dance and leaves fly. She stood, a white light in the blackness of the night, her wavy hair tumbling down her back, swirling in the salty breeze. All he wanted to do was go to her, hold her forever and never let her go. She had frightened him, running off like that, away from him. He had lost her once and, by a miracle or fate, she had found him again. 
Kael loosened his feet and stepped out of the tree’s cover onto the cliff. He moved towards her, coming to rest at her side and his eyes went to her automatically, studying her face in the glow of the moon. Tears were spilling out of her grass green eyes and her hands were at her sides, making no move to brush them aside. His gaze remained fixed on her, in awe of her beauty, her character, her soul. His breath caught in his throat when she turned and looked up at him, straight into his eyes, into the center of his being. 
“Thank you,” she murmured into the night. 
Kael tilted his head in confusion, perplexed by her statement. 
“For what?” he wondered. There was a sadness in her eyes, highlighted by the reflection of the moon and stars in her emerald irises. Her lips curved up to the left in a half smile as she met his confused expression. 
“For being there and believing in me. For doing as I asked. For leaving me,” she admitted softly. “For keeping my family safe when I couldn’t.”
“You…you…” he stammered.
“Remember?” she finished for him. “Yes, I remember everything.” 
She left him speechless. All he could do was grab her by the waist, pull her towards him and wrap his arms firmly around her as he’d wanted to do ever since she returned. Prea responded just as enthusiastically, going up on her tiptoes and throwing her arms around his neck.
“How?” Kael whispered into her ear and she couldn’t help but laugh lightly in response.
“It’s a long story,” she replied, drawing back a little. She was still on her toes, hands around his neck, but now she could look into his midnight blue eyes. “I love you,” Prea said, knowing they both needed it more than anything else. Kael just dropped his head, resting his forehead against hers. 
“I love you so much, Prea,” he proclaimed quietly, as she stroked the back of his neck soothingly. “But don’t ever do that again.”
“Do what?” she asked.
“Don’t ever leave me and don’t ask me to leave you,” Kael answered, voice thick with emotion. “I can’t lose you again.”
“I promise,” Prea replied, dropping her heels to the ground. 
She shifted her hands from his neck, moving them down and around until they were clasped about his waist. Prea rested her head against Kael’s chest and his hold tightened as he let his head rest on top of hers. She listened to the steady beating of his heart as she looked up. The moon seemed bigger and brighter in the night’s sky, its glow bathing them in Aylin’s happiness and protection. And, even in the moon’s increased radiance, there were three stars to the right gleaming with all the love, light and life in the universe. Those three stars reminded her that, at this very moment, she was surrounded by all those she loved most in this world and, in that knowledge, Prea finally found some peace.








ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I’d like to thank Gary Smailes at Bubble Cow for making the editing process simple and easy, especially for a self-publishing author. I’m especially appreciative of my editor, Amanda Rutter, whose detailed edits and insights made this book what it is today, which is to say infinitely better than what I submitted. Finally, I’d like to thank my mother for thinking this whole thing was worthwhile and reading all my iterations over the course of the writing and editing process. 
