All rights reserved: no part of this book may be reproduced in any form without the written permission from the author of the fiction story contained within this book, except for review purposes.
Any questions: email Daniel Lynn Ferguson, Springfield MO., wetpaintstudioo@gmail.com

Cover page designs directed by: Daniel Lynn Ferguson

First Serial Rights
©2007, now on Smashwords EXSTENDED Edition © 2011
By: Daniel L. Ferguson, Smashwords Edition
THE DAGGER-KEY
AND THE LOST TREASURES OF KEBADON

By: Daniel L. Ferguson

CHAPTER 1:

Once upon a hundred thousand years ago in the Moxcedean galaxy on the planet Zacterron lived the Zacterronians, also known as Zacs. Although they had some characteristics unique to their race, they were humanoid creatures. They existed in a period when oil lamps and candles gave light to the dark of the night—a time of innocence and prosperity, but one with evil ripping through the screen at the backdoor.
In a moment of silence, lost within a bizarre dream, Kyhawn was sound asleep in his bed. It was a dream paved in darkness yet lit by a lantern of hope, which unknown to him held the answers to an extraordinary adventure that would change his world and everyone he loved.
Across the road from Kyhawn’s cottage, a mysterious figure with red hair and dark blue skin stood behind the trees, unseen in the misty darkness. He pulled the hood of his cloak over his head, turned to his gray horse behind him, and took something sharp from its saddlebag.
At that same moment, two barefooted Zacs with silverish-blue skin, dressed in tattered garments stood outside Kyhawn’s window. One of them crouched and cupped his hands to boost the other with dagger in hand up to the windowsill. This second Zac eased his dagger between the sill and the window frame, pried the window open, then climbed into Kyhawn’s bedroom and placed his hand over Kyhawn’s mouth. “Wake up! Your ship has docked,” he whispered, as he tucked his dagger back into its leg sheath.
“What’s going on?” Kyhawn sat up, brushed his sandy blond hair away from his face, and rubbed his eyes.
“Keep your voice down. You might wake your mother.”
Kyhawn combed his hair with his fingers. “What are you doing here anyway, Earron?” He yawned as he tucked his hair behind his ears.
“The Sealander docked only minutes ago,” his good friend responded. “You said you wanted to see Emaya again about your dream before you left, but you’ll have to forget that. They’re in a carriage on their way here for you now,” Earron said.  “Are your bags ready?”
Kyhawn lit the oil lamp beside his bed. His face with its large dark brown eyes, silverish-blue skin, and handsome narrow features dominated the room. He jumped to his feet. “Yes, I have my bags ready. Almost anyway,” he said hesitantly as he glanced at the window. “I thought I closed that last night.” He covered his tall, slim, twenty-two-year old body with brown trousers and a baggy wheat-colored shirt. “Are you sure it’s the Sealander cruise ship?” Kyhawn slipped on his leather boots.
Earron crossed his arms and stood impatiently. “Of course I’m sure.”
Kyhawn put on his coat. “But it wasn’t scheduled to dock for another two days.”
“You don’t look so well.” Earron with his round face and dark orange eyes seemed perplexed. “Did you have the dream again?”
Kyhawn dipped his hands into a washbowl next to his bed and nodded. “Can you meet me at the docks? I have something very important to tell you.”
The short, chunky nineteen-year-old shrugged. “If it’s about your dream, tell me now.”
Kyhawn patted his face with a towel. “It is about my dream. I don’t understand it any better than the first time I had it. It’s like a madness. I can’t explain it any more than what I already told you the other day.”
With almost a look of desperation, Kyhawn placed his hands on Earron’s shoulders. “It’s urgent you go and see Emaya.” He hesitated for a moment. “Take Coita if you want,” he finally added as he knelt next to the window and rummaged through an old chest. “Now this is what I was going to tell you at the docks.” He glanced at Earron. “If Emaya says something terrible is going to happen on this cruise, then you have to promise ….”
“I know what you’re going to say.” Earron crossed his arms again. “We talked about this before. Besides, it’s occton fishing season. No one’s going to take off looking for anyone based on some barmy dream.”
Kyhawn got to his feet and tossed on his bed the leather bag he’d located. “I realize it sounds insane, but please do this for me.”
“I recognize your dreams have been known to come true, but then I know you better than most Zacs.” Earron placed his hand on the windowsill. “The last time we told Werdna and his brother Nevets about them, they made fun of us. Everyone else at the fishing docks laughed as well.”
Earron and Kyhawn had been best friends before he left for trade school. Finally Earron said hesitantly, “Okay, we’ll go and see your dream interpreter friend. If she’s well, maybe this time she’ll be able to tell us something.” He dragged his hand over the windowsill, and then turned his head from side to side. His silverish-blue face and dark orange eyes shimmered in the lantern’s light. “But why are you even going if you have such a bad feeling about it?” He flicked the back of his curly black hair over the hood of his coat.
Kyhawn thought for a moment. He stood over his bed and stuffed his artist’s parchment pads, quills, ink, and lead sticks into his backpack, commonly known as a cabac. Finally he looked at his good friend and said in a loud whisper, “I can’t let my fear of this dream stop me from going on my first assignment.”
“You’re only going to be taking care of a chest of old books and documents. And all your fellow passengers will be old and rich. Besides, maybe your dreams are only about your fear of crossing the world’s largest ocean, the Zacton Ocean.” Earron lowered his head. “I wish Coita and I was going with you.” He gave Kyhawn a cheerful smile, then took him by the shoulders and embraced him. “Go on in good spirits. I’ll see you in about eight days.”
“Hopefully you’re right.” Kyhawn pointed. “Hey, remember the door’s this way.”
“I came in through the window. You know how your mother feels about Coita and me.”
Kyhawn chuckled. “She did say you two were a bad influence,” he said quickly adding. “Is Coita out there?”
Earron positioned himself on the windowsill. “Yeah,” he nodded, as he glanced out the window at his good friend Coita.
Kyhawn stared at Earron as if he might never see him again. “Remember, no one’s to know about the chest. Even you two aren’t supposed to know about it.”
Earron eased out the window and gestured for Coita to give him a hand. He looked at Kyhawn: “You have our silence,” he said as he eased out the window.
Across the street the hooded figure remained still as they left, apparently not interested in Earron and Coita. The two hurried passed the cottages and tall trees lining the cobblestone streets of their small fishing town of Omakohak. Minutes later they were on their way up a hill to Emaya’s cottage, but as they stood on her front porch, knocking on the unusual octagon shaped double front door, they soon discovered that on one was there. “We’ll go and see if she’s there later,” Earron said with a worried look as they made their way down the hill onto the cobblestone streets again.
As they neared the street to the docks where they usually worked, Coita nudged Earron’s shoulder. “Don’t let it bother you. They’re only rubbish, these dreams of his.”
“They’re not rubbish,” Earron insisted, as they descended the street to the docks.
Coita shrugged. “Whatever.”
Earron slung his arm over Coita’s shoulder. “In the past, his dreams have been known to come true. But it is possible he’s just afraid to cross the ocean. His father did die at sea.”
“Yeah, I know.”
Earron patted Coita’s shoulder. “Let’s go to our shack, get a bite to eat, then see if we can get some work,” he said as they picked up their pace. “How’s your foot going today?”
Coita, who walked with a slight lip because of a birth defect, responded with eagerness ready to go fishing. “My foot feels good.” They rushed by the fishing boats and the Sealander to where they lived, a one-room shack only minutes away. When they got there Earron opened the door, entered, and grabbed a few strips of dried fish hanging over a fishing line that stretched across the room. As the dried fish hung from his mouth, he stuffed the rest of them in his pocket, and grabbed the lucky scarf he’d forgotten and tied it loosely around his neck as he headed back out the door.
Coita also grabbed a few strips of dried fish. With his fish in hand, the short, skinny, and narrow-faced seventeen-year-old followed close behind Earron. Coita couldn’t have cared less about Kyhawn’s dreams and wasn’t so sure he liked Earron’s old friend much more. With envy in his eyes, he closed the ragged door to their shack and secured its latch. Then they headed toward the docks in hope of finding employment for the day.
On the other side of town, Kyhawn sat at the foot of his bed staring at his cabac, which lay on the floor in front of him. He reached for it, opened the flap, and took from it his detective certificate. After staring at it for a moment he then looked around his room as though it were the first time he had ever seen it. He tucked his certificate into his cabac and reached for one of his loosely tied together parchment pads filled with his dream notes. “What am I doing?” he muttered as he closed the flap. Everything I own is in this room. He glanced at his old chest sitting next to his window, which was mostly filled with his schoolbooks and art supplies. He then thought about the trade school in Chamquinil from where he’d graduated a few weeks earlier. His gaze drifted to his military training sword hanging on the wall. His fear of war gave him a chill. He was quite thankful it was only training and not the real thing. However, he shook off the thought, glancing around his room once more. It seems much smaller than it used to.
He went to his washbowl. Once more he struggled to understand his dreams and get a clearer picture. No matter how I feel, I have to face them. I have to face my dreams. If that means crossing the ocean, then I will. Kyhawn’s thoughts continued to tear at him as if they might divide his soul.
Moments later his mother called for him.
Overwhelmed by anxiety and self-doubt, he slammed the table and mumbled bitterly, “Sometimes I think I’ve been cursed.” He felt pressed between dream symbols and reality.
He picked up his cabac, but when he went to turn out the lanterns, he noticed a piece of parchment beside his bed. What’s this? As he reached for the parchment, he remembered the drawing he’d made when he awakened from a dream earlier that night: a ship going through a window frame. “Dreams, dreams, that’s all they are … dreams.”
He crushed the drawing and tossed it across the room, but then stared at the drawings pinned to his wall across from his bed. He went over to them and laid his hand on the one of a waterfall. A male Zac was falling into a pool of water beneath where shiny colored stones reflected off the moon’s light. The drawing next to it was of a male Zac without a face. A self portrait of Kyhawn with a lantern in hand stood next to him. The next one over was of an ancient tree, white flowers, and a large wooden box. Above the box gray birds and chains seemed to be dancing.
The one next to it was a drawing of a pile of sand. He stared at it with his left hand pressed to his chin as though in thought. A shiny object laid on top the pile. “What does this mean?” he questioned out loud. Agitated, he reached into his cabac for a lead stick partly wrapped in leather, and scribbled over the entire drawing. Then with a sense of satisfaction, he pulled the drawing from the wall and ripped it into pieces, as if this would make his dreams disappear.
The one next to it was of an octagon with a dagger in the center of it. Off the wall it came, and with haste, he ripped it up as well. As the pieces fell on to the floor, he continued until only one drawing remained. Behind a castle, bloodstained water washed ashore and melted into the sand, while a lantern floated above the water and a dagger pierced the bloodstained sand. For some strange reason, he decided to leave this one alone.
He put out the lanterns, grabbed his luggage, and with his cabac over his shoulder he departed his room and headed down the small hallway to the living room. He found his mother Sailma sitting on the couch facing the fireplace. Beside her sat Lilly, their pet who resembled a three-foot-long caterpillar with long furry legs. While Sailma stroked Lilly’s green furry body, the creature looked up at Sailma with sadness in her large eyes. The creature then tucked six of her eight legs under its body and cuddled up next to Sailma, propping two front paws on Sailma’s lap and licking her hand. Sailma’s other hand held Kyhawn’s father’s fishing coat.
Kyhawn laid his cabac next to the door alongside his two leather bags. A deep sense of his father filled the air. He knelt beside his mother and placed his hands with hers on the coat. “Mother, I’ll be fine.” He stared at her with understanding. “We need the tiallup. We can barely pay the bills. And the taxes—though we’re blessed with a good king, we’re behind in them.”
She stared at his father’s handcrafted furniture and old fishing equipment which decorated the small, cluttered living room. “Son, Sheriff Nossgon sent over one of his hideous-looking hairy creatures, those things with tails. They’re out front waiting for you.”
Kyhawn glanced out the window. “They’re called Ooweds, Mother, and they make loyal servants.”
“That’s if you’re wealthy enough to afford one.” She laid Lilly on the floor and clutched the fishing coat with both hands. “Also I told you I didn’t want those orphan boys around here.” She went over to him and brushed the hair away from his eyes. “I wish you’d keep company with more … well-to-do Zacs. And fix your hair—it looks a mess.”
“My hair’s fine.” Kyhawn grabbed his cabac and reached for the doorknob. “Mother, I need to go. As you said, they’re waiting for me.” He glanced at the clock hanging over the fireplace. “It’s not a real detective job, but it’s a start,” he said. Lilly looked up at him and wagged her tail. He crouched down and petted her then gave her a kiss good-bye on her pudgy wide slimy nose.
Sailma adjusted her glasses. “The winter storms will be here soon, and we’re talking about crossing the ocean,” she cried. “Your father lost his life at sea.” She gripped his father’s leather coat even more tightly. “I know about those strange dreams you’ve been having. Emaya’s told me all about them.”
Kyhawn took a deep breath. “They’re just dreams. Anyway, I’ve made up my mind. I have to do this, Mother.”
Sailma wiped the tears from her face and threw the leather coat aside. “You can be stubborn like your father sometimes!” Nonetheless she embraced him. “Kyhawn, son of Joehawn, you know I love you. Be careful and do as you’re told.” They embraced with a kiss.
This moment soon passed as Kyhawn opened the door and approached the carriage. He nodded at the Oowed on the buckboard then glanced at the two large horses powering the carriage. The carriage door opened, and he placed his luggage on an empty seat, glanced back at his mother, and climbed aboard. Seconds later they headed for the docks.
Kyhawn looked at the short and stocky Sheriff Nossgon sitting across from him with a quill in one hand and a parchment pad in the other hand. The lines on the sheriff’s silverish-blue face revealed his old age. He was usually in a good mood, but today the look on his face was anything but jolly.
A Zac named Washburrn was also sitting across from him. As he gazed at Washburrn, Kyhawn’s dreams flashed through his mind’s eye. An uncanny chill embraced his soul as he gave Washburrn a Zacterronian handshake, wrist to wrist. He wasn’t sure if this Zac would turn out to be friend or foe, but he disguised his nervousness with a friendly smile. “It’s an honor to meet you, sir.”
Kyhawn glanced at Nossgon, whom he’d known all his life as a family friend. To Kyhawn’s surprise, Nossgon finally smiled. “It looks as though you’ve brought enough baggage to last you three weeks,” the sheriff remarked.
Washburrn raised an eyebrow. “Good to know my new apprentice comes prepared,” he said as he ran his fingers through his short reddish-blond thinning hair. Tall and slightly overweight, he was a handsome silverish-blue Zac with a confident glow about him. While observing his new apprentice, he scratched his facial whiskers.
Suddenly out of the darkness and morning mist a small covered buggy came around the corner and headed straight at them. Their horses suddenly stopped and reared up on their hind hooves.
A dark figure mounted on a gray horse was hiding behind the nearby trees. He flicked back his red hair and angrily fired his musket.
Kyhawn’s eyes widened with fear. He quickly leaned down with his hands protecting his head.
The buggy rushed past them.
Alarmed, Sheriff Nossgon drew his pistol, pushed the curtain aside, and pointed his weapon into the darkness.
Washburrn jumped out onto the cobblestone street, his pistol cocked. “Hey, you there—stop!”
The buggy disappeared into the morning mist. Washburrn lowered his weapon as he glanced at Kyhawn and Nossgon.
“That way.” Their Oowed on the buckboard pointed. “I heard noises that way.”
Washburrn searched the area. “Horse prints,” he said angrily. “Too dark and foggy to say where they lead.” He took out his timepiece and looked at the Oowed. The eyes in the hairless face stared back at him as if waiting for an order. “On to the docks,” Washburrn insisted as he climbed into the carriage with a troubled look.
The Oowed snapped the reins, and off they went.
Sheriff Nossgon placed his hand on Kyhawn’s shoulder. “You didn’t get shot, did you?”
Kyhawn’s face remained in his lap, as if he was waiting for another pellet to whisloe passed them.
Sheriff Nossgon shook Kyhawn. “Speak—lad.”
Kyhawn slowly sat up and looked at him. “I’m fine, sir.” He took a deep breath. “Just fine.”
Washburrn sat quietly with a puzzled expression.
Sheriff Nossgon slapped his quill against his parchment pad. “I’ll deal with this later. That chest needs to be in Adrolf, and soon.”
“Why would anyone want to take a potshot at us?” Kyhawn asked uneasily.
Washburrn slipped his pistol back into its holster. “Good question,” he said as he used his uniform scarf to wipe the sweat from his forehead.
Sheriff Nossgon banged the topside of the carriage. “Hurry!”
As they neared the docks, Kyhawn pointed toward something. “A stray horse. A gray stray horse,” he said as it disappeared into the morning mist.
“Never you mind the horse. It’s probably one of mine,” Sheriff Nossgon told him. “I’ve been keeping them near the docks, behind the Do-Eats Restaurant. While you were gone, I started renting them out.” He paused and gave them a harsh look. “And never you mind what just happened here. We say nothing of this to anyone. Not one word.”
While Kyhawn stared into the darkness, Washburrn appeared lost in thought, perhaps about the chest they were harboring. “Not a word.” He nodded as he stared at Kyhawn.
Sheriff Nossgon tapped Kyhawn’s shoulder a second time.
“You can count on my silence, sir.” Kyhawn lowered his head to show his respect. He then looked at the lights coming from the docks.
“Kyhawn, Detective Washburrn is an old friend of mine,” Sheriff Nossgon said, obviously trying to change the subject. “You two should get along well.”
Washburrn looked at Kyhawn. “You seem a bit nervous. Don’t be. Once we get aboard ship, they’ll be plenty of protection.” He scratched his whiskers again. “All we need do is to keep an eye on a specially constructed wooden chest. There’ll be four of us taking care of it, and many others watching over us. Your first assignment should be a simple and hopefully good experience.” However, the way he glanced at Nossgon suggested he was wondering to himself if this indeed were going to be a normal pleasure cruse.
As they reached the hillside descending the docks, Sheriff Nossgon started to doodle on his parchment pad. “Kyhawn, Detective Washburrn worked for the sheriff of Chamquinil for twenty years. He served him well, I might add, and he’s traveled everywhere. Since his retirement two years ago, he’s been working on the Sealander as head of security.”
Sheriff Nossgon twitched his nose. “I suspect you two should be boarding.” He grabbed Kyhawn’s wrist. “The high seas can be a dangerous place. You listen to Washburrn. That goes for Captain Joenf as well. When you’re at sea, the captain is the law,” he instructed as Kyhawn and his new mentor departed the carriage.
Yet as Washburrn and Kyhawn hurried along the pier to board the Sealander, Kyhawn felt Nossgon wasn’t at all concerned about someone shooting at them. Though he was unable to determine what it might be, something was different about the sheriff.
Washburrn turned to Kyhawn. “Well, I didn’t want to tell you this, but I think you should know—piracy is on the rise.”
Considering what had happened only minutes earlier, Kyhawn wasn’t shocked by the revelation.

*                  *                  *

The usual hazy morning mist that blanketed the Zacton Ocean coastline had begun to thin. While the remaining fishing boats were being made ready to head out, four of the crew aboard the Sealander hoisted the boarding ramp into its resting position.
Kyhawn leaned against the safety rail and studied the docks. In between fisher-Zacs and Ooweds coming and going, he noted Earron and Coita preparing to leave on the fishing boat owned by Werdna and his brother Nevets. Earron looked up at Kyhawn. “She wasn’t there,” he shouted. Kyhawn stared at him oddly as if he couldn’t quite make out what he said. Earron called to him once more, adding, “We’ll go and see her on our return this evening.”
Kyhawn nodded as if he understood. He waved as Earron returned the gesture. Coita called for Earron to give him a hand. And with a worried look Earron gave Kyhawn one last wave and returned to his duties.
As Kyhawn continued to stare down at them, he knew Werdna and Nevets had the fastest boat on the entire coast. He also knew the lives of many might depend on the true meaning of his dreams. He wished while growing up he had visited Emaya more often and listened to her more. Instead he’d spent much of his youth ignoring both his dreams and her. She once told him to pay attention to his dreams as they were a special gift by which he could tell the future. But Kyhawn didn’t believe in himself enough. Now consumed by his dreams, he nonetheless had to prove himself worthy of his employment.
Ready or not, he stood next to his new mentor on the main deck. “I’ve never been on a cruise ship.”
“She’s a beauty.” Washburrn glanced around at the Sealander. “She’s mostly constructed of wood. You’ll like her. She’s an older model, but she’s the best in her class. Wealthy passengers mostly occupy both floors on the main deck, twenty rooms in all. Two of them have been reserved by the Zacs who own the chest. You and I, along with Korts and Turnar, will be its caretakers for the next few days.”
Kyhawn nodded as he noticed the different-colored wealthy Zacs walking about. He had never seen so many Zacs of different cultures in one place before, not even at the trade school.
A moment later a tall, heavyset silverish-blue female in her forties approached. “Good morning, Washburrn,” she said as she tied her long black hair in a ponytail and looked at them with her large black eyes. Her voice was charming. “Is this your new assistant Kyhawn I’ve been hearing about?”
“He is,” Washburrn answered with a look of uncertainty. “Kyhawn, I want you to meet a good friend of mine, Alil.”
“Why, good morning, Kyhawn. It’s a pleasure.” Alil smiled, giving him a firm handshake, wrist to wrist. “I’m second in charge of security under Washburrn. I’m sure we’ll be seeing a lot of each other.” She hurried off along the narrow exterior walkway.
While the Sealander pulled out to open sea, Washburrn and Kyhawn stood in front of Room 10. Washburrn inserted a key. “She’s a good Zac to have around—smart, and as hardy as a horse.” He swung the door open. “Here we are. Your luggage goes over there.”
Kyhawn’s eyes lit up at the opulent furnishings. “This is just as I imagined it. It’s beautiful.”
“Well, the wealthy do have their standards.”
“But if all four of us are staying in this room, why are there only two beds, one bath, a small closet, and a table for two?” Kyhawn opened the closet door. “Look, it’s already full. Didn’t you say there were two rooms reserved for us?” He laid his cabac next to his luggage at the foot of his bed.
“You don’t waste any time,” Washburrn remarked. “Kid, you might make a terrific detective some day, if you’re the type who’s eager to unravel a difficult mystery. I’ve been told you were.” Washburrn paused as though looking for something around his bed. “We leave our stuff here as we’ll be switching rooms with Korts and Turnar every six hours. The wooden chest is in Room 4, three doors down from here, close to the bridge, but it won’t do any good to go there now.”
“Why’s that? I mean …”
Washburrn spoke quickly. “We’re not allowed to answer the door for any reason during our shifts. It’s a security precaution.”
Moments later they were back outside and leaning again against the safety rail. Kyhawn stared at the docks, which seemed to be getting smaller, and then at the Zacton Ocean, which appeared to be growing larger. When he turned to his new mentor, a strange chill of insecurity rushed through his body. Should I trust him? Is he the faceless Zac in my dreams, or is he a fallen angel?
Washburrn turned to him. “You look a bit pale,” he said, as though continuing to have doubts about his new apprentice.
“I’m fine.”
Washburrn hesitated. “Good enough. We have two hours before our first shift. What do you say I show you around? We’ll get a bite to eat afterward.”
“Sounds fine with me.” As they neared the stern, Kyhawn studied the two exhaust-steam shafts. He could hear the water-powered motors hard at work directly beneath them. The steam shafts stood side by side, high above them, just behind the number two mast.
A few feet from them, passengers were busy getting to know one another. Kyhawn glanced down at a pink pet caterpillar. His gaze followed the caterpillar’s leash up to its owner’s hand. An Oowed stood next to her waiting to assist her. Kyhawn stared at the lady in the fancy dress who was giving everyone a friendly smile. He leaned close to Washburrn. “She’s yellow?”
Washburrn nudged him. “It’s not good manners to stare.” However, he cracked a thin smile as they went past her to continue their tour toward the ship’s bow. “Before this cruise is over, you’ll be used to seeing Zacs from all over the world.”
As Kyhawn glanced at the sleeping rooms to their left, Washburrn ran his hand over the safety rail to their right. “There’s nothing as relaxing as the ocean moving beneath you. I suspect that’s why I like this job so well.”
After Washburrn finished giving Kyhawn a tour of the sundeck on top of the sleeping rooms, they visited the bridge, which was on the second floor, positioned in front of the number one mast. When they entered, Captain Joenf was at the helm. His silverish-blue sunburned skin, long wavy silver hair, and thick wiry beard gave him a hardy seafaring look.
“Welcome aboard!” Captain Joenf tilted his cap exposing the baldness on top of his head. He gave Kyhawn a quick look-over. He issued some commands to a crew-Zac before turning back to Washburrn. “See you on deck later?”
Washburrn nodded, then he and Kyhawn left the bridge, descending the steps and heading for the dining area under the main deck where a set of large double doors awaited them. “Kid, if we’re going to eat, we had better do it now.” Washburrn reached for the double doors as they passed by two apparently new crew-Zacs. After they acknowledged one another, Washburrn took Kyhawn off to one side of the double doors. He made sure no one was in hearing distance then apologized for being two days late, telling Kyhawn that because of food poisoning, they had to hire on ten new crew-Zacs.
“I wasn’t aware the ship was late.” Kyhawn’s large brown eyes opened wide. “But poisoned food?”
Washburrn scratched his whiskers. “Well, kid, don’t let it bother you—this has never happened aboard the Sealander before. And you can be sure it’s not going to happen again.” He paused, not wanting to frighten Kyhawn, he said, “Perhaps the livestock came aboard already sick. And under the circumstances, when we stopped in Chamquinil, we had the suspect food destroyed, including the livestock, which we keep down below.”
“You killed the livestock?”
“We couldn’t take any chances, not with the tiallup these Zacs are paying for the cruise. Captain Joenf couldn’t afford to do any less.”
Washburrn gave Kyhawn a rigid stare as they entered the double doors just beneath the bridge, which led through a lobby to the dining area staircase. “We also took on fifteen of King Lumarkahawn’s soldiers when we brought the chest aboard. But you won’t be able to recognize them because they’re wearing crew-Zac uniforms,” Washburrn said as he stopped Kyhawn and looked into his eyes. “Not a word of this to anyone, or about that other incident either. Is that understood?”
“Yes, sir. Not a word.” Kyhawn nodded as they stood before the stone staircase. It was more impressive than he’d imagined. When his hand touched the dark wooden banister, he couldn’t help but notice the walls decorated with beautiful paintings. He was in awe even before he glanced up and noticed the glass chandeliers hanging playfully from exposed ceiling beams. At the bottom of the staircase, he stepped onto a dark red ceramic tile floor.
“It’s nice to see we missed the crowd,” Washburrn said as they headed toward an empty table.
“Crowd, yes, sure,” Kyhawn answered. He noted that all of the tables were bolted down.
Shortly after they sat down, a short, slim, pale yellow Zac with an unfriendly smile approached them. “What will you two be drinking?”
Washburrn sized him up. “You’re new here?”
“Yes, I’m the new head server. The eating utensils are located at the far end of the meal bar. The steam rocks that keep the food warm are plenty hot too, I should know, but we serve the drinks only.” His words were clumsy, and his manner was impatient.
Washburrn looked displeased. “I know how things work around here, thank you.”
“Sorry, I didn’t know.”
“Well, it’s quite all right.” Washburrn rested his elbows on the table. “I’ll take a coffee, and the kid here will have…?”
Hand-over-chin again in thought, Kyhawn answered, “Milk—yes, some milk please.”
“Milk …? Terrific!” Washburrn glanced at Kyhawn. “Add a glass of milk to my order. I haven’t drunk milk in quite along time.”
The server turned, almost knocking over the chair. “I’ll be back with your beverages soon.”
Washburrn looked puzzled. He leaned toward Kyhawn. “You know, I’ve seen that Zac somewhere before. I felt uneasy when I first laid eyes on him. I’ve dealt with him somewhere in the past.” He laid his hands on the table, tapping his fingers. “Go ahead and get yourself something to eat. I’ll be with you in a moment.”
When Kyhawn returned from the meal bar, Washburrn was nowhere in sight.
About twenty minutes later, Kyhawn was finishing the last of his seaweed-and-egg dish when Washburrn finally returned. “I had to speak with Captain Joenf,” was all he said. He then headed for the meal bar himself.
He looks bothered, thought Kyhawn.
Washburrn returned in a few minutes with his own meal, wrapped in parchment to go. He suggested to Kyhawn to grab a drink and a sandwich for a snack later. The younger Zac did so, and followed his much other mentor to Room 4, which was around the corner from the double doors. Kyhawn noted the location was near the front portside on the main deck.
Washburrn looked around and above him at the second floor walkway. When he seen no one was close enough to hear, he showed his apprentice the code knock. “Don’t forget it. And by all means, the only ones who should know this code besides you and me are Korts, Turnar, and Alil.”
Somewhat tense, Kyhawn answered, “Yes, sir.”
A moment later, the door opened. “Hey, good to see ya.” Korts glanced at the food, then at Kyhawn. “You’re lucky—we didn’t get a chance to eat much before we came on.”
“Kyhawn, I’d like you to meet Korts and Turnar,” Washburrn said.
Korts smiled. He was young and about four foot tall, stocky, with purple skin.  He patted Kyhawn’s shoulder. “Welcome aboard,” he said, placing his hat over his black wavy hair.
Seeing that Kyhawn’s hands were full, Turnar, also young and four foot tall, but skinny with the same purple compaction and black hair. With a goofy but pleasant way about him, he gave Kyhawn a pat on the shoulder with a friendly smile. “Hope he’s not steering you wrong,” he chuckled. “We’ll talk more latter. I hear my stomach rumbling.” He waved good-bye as he continued to have a conversation with his good friend Korts.
Washburrn closed and locked the door. “They’re good guys. They’ve been with the captain about as long as I’ve been here.” He set his coffee container, cups, and reading glasses on a small wooden table against the wall. “Make yourself at home, kid.”
Kyhawn looked around, noting the room appeared identical to the other, with the same bright tan-colored walls and ceiling. The beds were to their left with the table to their right, while oil lamps and candles were placed throughout. A book was lying on one chair. Before he had a chance to seat himself in the other, Washburrn opened the closet doors. “I want to show you something.”
Kyhawn looked curious as he put his sandwich and glass of milk on the table. He glanced at the bathroom doorway on the back wall then approached the closet to his right. His eyes widened with delight admiring the wooden chest as he knelt by it. “Where’s the lock? How do you open it? Wait a minute … I see.” He ran his hands over the unusual lock system: one on each top front corner. “This is amazing.”
“I was told she’s water-sealed.” Washburrn crouched and patted the dome-shaped lid. “I was also told you can’t bust or burn the wood from which she’s constructed.”
“The old books and documents she has inside sure must be valuable. I mean, with four of us keeping an eye on it, plus fifteen of the king’s soldiers aboard.”
“I’m told they are. By the way, we picked her up in Chamquinil, from that trade school you attended.”
Kyhawn looked up at Washburrn. “I sure wouldn’t mind reading them. If these are the ones I’m thinking of, then the original books about ancient Zacterron civilization are in here.”
“Ancient Zacterron civilization?” Washburrn questioned as he poured himself a cup of coffee. “I’ve read much about the subject myself,” he said as he studied Kyhawn’s slender features. He didn’t think the lad appeared tough enough, and, worst of all, he was fresh out of school. “History is indeed an important subject. Nevertheless, I’d rather know more about you.”
He took a sip of coffee. “Tell me, kid, what made you decide to become a detective?”
Kyhawn ran his long silverish-blue fingers over the dome-shaped lid on the chest. He slowly rose then went to the small window next to the door. “I just wanted to do something with my life that might possibly better Zacterronian-kind. Something adventurous.” He smiled.
Washburrn seemed to approve of his answer as he looked at Kyhawn while taking a seat at the table.  “Well...what’s this?" He reared up to remove his book from beneath him.
Kyhawn smiled again and continued. “I want to experience life to its fullest. I mean go places, do things my friends back home will never have a chance to. I don’t mean any disrespect to fisher-Zacs or anything like that, and I do like to fish, but making a living at it is not for me.”
“You sure picked a high risk career.” Washburrn took a sip of coffee. “Speaking of which, I’d rather you not look out that window—it might draw attention.”
Kyhawn moved away from it and stood with a well-mannered pose. “What happens aboard ship anyway? I mean, what do all these fancy Zacs do for entertainment?”
Washburrn answered in his usual calm and collected way, one leg crossed over the other. “We have plays, also a band. Come to think, there’s a new play this evening I wouldn’t mind seeing. It starts at six o’clock.” He glanced at his timepiece. “Do you fancy that sort of entertainment?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Well, that’s settled then.” Washburrn paused. “We also have dances. There’s one tomorrow night. But we’ll be here babysitting the chest. At least you’ll get to enjoy the play this evening, along with music, games, and plenty of good food throughout the voyage.” Washburrn leaned close. “Hey, why such a long face?”
Kyhawn’s body tingled. This was indeed a part of his dreams, where everybody dressed up in costumes. “Dances?”
“Yes, a costume dance, where everyone dresses up. Is there a problem?”
“No,” Kyhawn said after a pause. “I was thinking about … my dreams. Anyway, do you believe in dreams?” Kyhawn asked.
“I know we have them, but no, I don't pay any attention to such things. Why do you ask?”
“Nothing. I mean, I was just thinking about this dream that’s been haunting me for weeks,” he answered, compelled to tell him about them. Washburrn, not particularly interested in such things, noted the look in Kyhawn’s eyes and willingly listened to what he had to say.
Washburrn and Kyhawn learned much about each other during their first shift together. Quite content in their conversations, they found it easy to talk with one another. but for the last two hours of their shift Washburrn was lost in his book, dosing off from time to time, while Kyhawn had taken one of his parchment pads from his cabac and found himself going over all of his dream notes and drawings.
Time slipped away, and before long they heard the coded knock. Washburrn unlocked the door to allow Korts and Turnar to enter. After a few friendly words, Kyhawn and Washburrn departed and once again the door was locked. Kyhawn and Washburrn paused by the safety rail to take in some ocean air. Keeping one hand on the railing, Kyhawn stretched out so he could better see the walkway above them. He felt more secure seeing that the safety rail wrapped completely around the Sealander’s main deck, the second floor walkway, and the sundeck above the second floor.
As they walked toward the ship’s stern, for the moment they bypassed their sleeping room. Around the corner, the second floor exterior wooden deck wrapped around the number two mast. Kyhawn and Washburrn stood near the steps that led to the upper deck. As Kyhawn savored the moment watching Zacs from many different cultures enjoying themselves, he realized the environment was making him feel wealthy, something he’d never before experienced. But at the same time, he felt the presence of evil. Who took a shot at us while we were in that carriage? And why?
As they approached the stern, which stretched sixty-foot from the portside to the starboard side, a chilly breeze came in from the west. Washburrn tucked his hands into his cloak pockets. “At night the band plays here on the main deck. Other times they’re toward the front of the Sealander, near the bow.” He noticed the anxious look on Kyhawn’s face. “I wouldn’t worry too much if I were you. Take my advice and enjoy yourself.”
“It is … different out here with no land in sight.” Kyhawn steadied himself as they approached the railing and gazed at the Zacton Ocean. “Getting use to the swaying motion might take some practice.”
“I forgot you haven’t been out to sea this far before.” Washburrn chuckled. “I take the waves for granted. You’ll get used to it in time.”
Two other passengers were also out strolling. “Good afternoon.” Washburrn greeted them, giving them a thin smile and bowing slightly.
As they passed by, the couple acknowledged them with a nod and friendly smile.
“Who are they, sir?” Kyhawn asked, one hand in his coat pocket, while his other hand seemed to be waiting for something to hold on to; just in case he lost his balance.
“I haven’t the slightest clue. I like to say hello to the passengers often. It’s a pleasurable habit. After all, they do pay our wages. Even if some of them think they’re too good to acknowledge us. I enjoy my job, and it’s become a pleasurable habit.” He paused. “You ready for something more to eat?”
“Sure,” Kyhawn said, as he noticed a black caterpillar on a leash, being escorted by a green lady wearing a long red shawl over her black dress.  “But let me just say hello to this little guy.”
The lady stopped to chat with a green handsome male Zac only a few feet away from them. As Kyhawn went over to the black caterpillar to play with it, he thought about Lilly and his mother. At the same time he couldn’t help but notice a tall slim dark-blue crew-Zac with long red hair staring at them. His stare was somewhat frightening, Kyhawn thought.
Suddenly the lady jerked on the leash as if she didn’t want Kyhawn touching her pet. Kyhawn got up and followed Washburrn who was hurrying toward dinner. He leaned close to him and whispered, “I see what you mean, sir, about some of them being snobbish.”
Washburrn nodded as they walked along the ship’s railing with the ocean to their right. “Kid, do me a favor and stop calling me ‘sir.’ I’d like it if you’d call me Washburrn.”
Kyhawn paused, his head dipping down. He slowly looked at him. “Sir, I mean Washburrn,” he said, feeling slightly insecure. “Since we’re on the subject, I’d appreciate it if you’d refer to me as Kyhawn. A kid is someone still growing up, and I’m quite sure I’ll not be getting any larger. Anyway, that’s what my friends call me.”
Washburrn bowed. “Forgive me. I didn’t mean you any disrespect, Kyhawn, son of Joehawn.” He looked at Kyhawn with compassion. “From what I’ve been told, he was a decent Zac, your father. You’ve obviously inherited his good manners and kind nature.”
Washburrn opened the double doors leading to the dining room. As they did, they let an elderly couple and one of the ship’s nurses go ahead of them.
“Thank you.” The nurse gave Kyhawn a curious smile.
Washburrn cupped his hand over his mouth and cleared his throat, then leaned closer to Kyhawn. “She’s about your age.”
“I guess.” Kyhawn shrugged, giving her a shy glance.
As they descended the fancy staircase, Washburrn noted they only had twenty-five minutes until the show began. With only a few dinner tables open, they hurried to fill their plates and take a seat. As Kyhawn ate his fish and seaweed pie, Washburrn introduced him to two crew-Zacs that had been aboard ship much longer than he. Willow and Zeal. They were both tall and handsome in their mid 30’s. “May we join you guys?” Willow asked. His green skin complimented his dark blue cloak as he set his plate of food on the round wooden table.
“Sure…” Washburrn replied. And for the remainder of their meal Kyhawn listened to them talk about a small ranch they owned outside of Omakohak. “We have cows and chicken for the most part.” Willow explained.
“A few horses too,” Zeal added, taking a bite of fried occton. “Shanel and Tobben comes out the visit once in a while.”
“When we return, you guys need to come out for a visit. We’ll have a big cookout,” Willow announced.
“We’ll invite the rest of the crew too,” Zeal smiled.
“Sure… sound great,” Kyhawn returned the gesture as he looked at his mentor who was nodding in agreement with his mouth full.
“Show starts in five minutes,” said a crew-Zac, standing across the room from them near the entertainment room.
“We got night-watch duty on the deck,” Willow, kind and soft spoken, dragged his bread over his plate. “Enjoy the play,” he motioned with bread in hand. Zeal nodded with a friendly smile as they ascended the fancy stairs.
Washburrn scooped up the last of his boiled baby sea slugs and occton tentacles. “We
don’t want to miss the opening.”
Kyhawn gulped down his milk and wiped his lips. “The pie was good, but those occton tentacles were delicious.”
“I thought you’d like them. Occton tentacles have always been my favorite sea food,” he said as they rose from the table and went to the archway leading into the entertainment room.
Washburrn turned toward the staircase. Across from it, they heard the sounds of musical instruments on the other side of a beautiful octagon archway.
As soon as they went through and were seated, the room darkened. The music began, while yellow exotic female dancers from the island of Minu moved to the rhythm. One at a time, the small stage torches ignited.  A few minutes later the same server who had served them that morning approached, curiously staring at Washburrn. "Are you two going to have something to drink?" When he didn't get any response he tapped Kyhawn on the shoulder. "Sir, may I bring you two something to drink? A refreshing malgy drink, or a salmow sour, you choose.”
“I'll have one of those salmow sours please,” he answered tapping Washburrn on the shoulder. “Did you want something to drink?”
“No thanks,” he answered as he glanced at the server, noticing his impatient manner. Not a good trait in a server, he thought.
The server impatiently waited. “Will that be all then?”
Kyhawn answered, “Yes, thank you.”
As the waiter walked away Washburrn took another look at him. “That zac, he was the same one who served us this morning.”
Kyhawn nodded. “He was.”
“That face, I know it from somewhere, but where?” Washburrn, pretending not to let it bother him, tapping his fingers on the table. He turned toward to the stage.
Kyhawn glanced back and forth between Washburrn and the ladies on stage. Something to do with that zac is bothering him. Considering he was once a detective, he must know a lot of zacs. If it were a pleasant encounter he wouldn't let it bother him.
Time slipped away as one exotic dance blended into another and then another. Before long, the torches were being put out by the male dancers who danced around the stage with their long colorful cloaks dragging across the wooden floor.
Kyhawn and Washburrn’s next few shifts slipped away as well. And even though there was no physical resemblance between the slim youth and the tall, slightly overweight middle age Zac, Kyhawn in some ways saw Washburrn as the father he’d never known. In turn, Washburrn found himself treating Kyhawn as the son he’d never had. And when they weren’t sleeping they passed much of their time with a few shuffleboard games while inhaling the smells of food and drink from many cultures.
Room 10 was their destination for the  next few hours, for some well needed sleep. Alil let them know she’d be around to wake them for their next shift. Washburrn walked her to the door. “We'll see you then Alil. Now if you don’t mind, we’re tired.” He locked the door and returned to his bed. “She’s a good friend, she’s someone you can count on.”
Kyhawn plopped down on his bed with a yawn. “I'd hate to tangle with her. I bet underneath those good looks she could knock a guy right on his rear.”
Washburrn chuckled. “She’s been known too,” he said, looking over at Kyhawn fully clothed with his eyes closed. He smiled, got undressed and neatly laid his clothes to one side. After picking up his reading glasses and book off the table, he got into his bed and snuggled under the blankets.
Before they knew it Alil was knocking at the door. Washburrn woke first, and answered the door to let her know they were awake. “Kyhawn,” Washburrn cleared his throat. "Kyhawn, you ready to grab a bite to eat and head over there?”
His young apprentice sat up on the edge of the bed, running his fingers over the top of his head. “Yes sir. I mean Washburrn. Just as soon as I visit the bathroom.”
After Washburrn and Kyhawn had grabbed a bite to eat they exited the dining room’s double doors on to the main deck where a few band members were playing for some of the passengers. On passing them they turned the corner of the large two-story structure to room #2, then #4.
“Go ahead, young zac,” Washburrn whispered, “see if you remember the code knock.”
Shortly after the door opened Korts and Turnar went to go get their well-needed rest for the night.
Washburrn locked the door behind them as Kyhawn placed his late night snack on the table, opened the closet door, and knelt before the wooden chest. He wondered if Washburrn would prevent him from trying to open the chest, but apparently Washburrn didn’t see any harm in it. He seemed more interested in finishing reading another book he had started, or perhaps he too wanted to read the old books and documents the chest was supposed to contain. Nonetheless he glanced at Kyhawn as if he didn’t care, thinking, I doubt he’s able to open it. It’ll keep that intriguing mind of his busy too, giving me a chance to read.
While Washburrn slipped on his glasses and read, Kyhawn took from his cabac a lead stick along with his parchment pad. Then as he pushed pegs in and out and over again and again, he noted on the parchment each combination he’d tried. Finally a dry click rewarded his efforts. “I’ve done it!” he announced excitedly, as he jiggled the top right corner of the chest. “I’ve unlocked one side.” He pressed his hand to his chin as though in thought. “At least I think I did.” He gave it one last jiggle. “It seems loose.”
Washburrn lowered his reading glasses. “Well, okay,” he said with a nod, somewhat impressed. “Some call it a puzzle-lock system for obvious reasons.” He glanced back at his book. “Let me know when you have the other side open.”
Kyhawn suddenly remembered something. He turned his parchment pad to a page where he’d drawn a picture of a large fancy box. Was this chest the large fancy box in my dreams? Gray birds on chains, falling from the sky …? He began to feel that Washburrn was indeed the Zac that Nossgon had told him about. Washburrn must have been the faceless Zac in my dreams. Is he the guardian of the lantern I held while we stood next to each other floating above water? There were many others as we went through the window. That’s it … the window, but ships don’t sail through windows. He shook his head to clear his thoughts. With a deep breath, he laid his arms and head on the chest. “Who did you say owned this chest?”
Washburrn didn’t take his eyes from the page. “A colleague, but with all due respect, I’d rather you not know anything you don’t need to.” Washburrn lowered his glasses and looked at Kyhawn. “It’s for your own well-being,” he said. “I’m not a detective anymore. Remember, I retired.” He pushed his glasses to his nose and looked back at his book. “We take the chest to the island of Adrolf and leave it at that.”
With an enthusiastic look Kyhawn continued his quest to open the chest. While manipulating the pegs he thought to himself, this is like walking through a maze, but probably much difficult than the real maze I made it through at trade school. That maze was elementary compared to the difficulties this peg-lock system appears to possess.
Washburrn watched him thinking, I don't know why he thinks he can open it. I couldn’t. He’s writing everything down on paper. Dang, I wonder if he carries that cogging parchment and led-stick with him everywhere he goes. He does seem to have an intriguing mind, even if he does seem a bit unsure of himself. He rather reminds me of myself when I was his age.
Kyhawn soon found out the left side didn’t unlock anything like the right side. The time slipped away. When out of the silence of the moment he calmly whispered with enthusiasm, “I've done it—I've unlocked it!”
Unsuccessful in opening it, his expression changed to one of disenchantment as he flopped back on the floor with his hands behind his head, he closed his eyes in thought.
Washburrn glance at him, “If we’re going to read a page or two from those old books you better open her soon.”
Kyhawn took a deep breath and glanced at the window. “I just had the strangest feeling of a cold chill passing right through me.”
Washburrn lowered his reading glasses, “Perhaps you should stand up and move around some, do you some good. A young Zac needs to keep busy, you know, at least that’s what my father always told me.”
Kyhawn did as he suggested, but deep down he felt the cold chill was caused from more then just sitting for too long. It had something to do with his dream, but what? He thought while sitting back in his chair, grabbed his half eaten sandwich, and sat on the floor next to the chest and his notes.
The minutes passed, and before long the normally calm and passive Kyhawn jumped to his feet. “There’s got to be something about all of this which links the gray birds and the window standing in the water, but what?” He slammed his parchments on the chest.
“Hold on there. What are you talking about?” Washburrn asked, leaning forward with his reading glasses resting on the tip of his nose.
“I must have dosed off. I was dreaming.” He proceeded to show his mentor his dream notes, telling him what he thought they meant.  Though Washburrn had heard this the day before, he politely listened, thinking Kyhawn needed to get it off his mind.
Kyhawn, soon realizing he had told him about his notes, apologized. “Sorry, I’m boring you,” he returned to the chest with his notes, and began to flipping through the pages, looking for an empty sheet to continue his notes. Before achieving his goal he came upon another drawing of a ship sailing through a window. It was identical to the one he had torn to pieces before he left home. What did it all mean? He rested his hand on the page, considering whether to also rip it up. Instead he reached for his lead stick and drew a castle over the drawing, but then hastily grabbed his dagger and scratched it out.
“Is there a problem?” Washburrn put a finger on the page he was reading.
Kyhawn laid his dagger on top the drawing. “No,” he said as he reached for his lead stick and outlined the dagger over the drawing. A slice of his dream flashed before his mind’s eye. “A dagger and a castle,” he mumbled as he slipped his dagger back into its sheath.
“What was that?” Washburrn asked.
Kyhawn hesitated as though in a trance. “I was only thinking about my dreams again. It’s nothing,” he said as he reached for the chest. He glanced at Washburrn who was staring at him oddly.
“If we’re going to read those documents, you better get started.” Washburrn reminded him.
*                   *                   *

Meanwhile, back in Kyhawn’s home town, Earron and Coita were at the docks. They sat at one of the many tables of the Do-Eats seafood café enjoying some fried baby sea slugs. Earron stared out the window wondering about Kyhawn’s dreams. He turned to Coita. “A ship sailing through a window. What do you think?”
“If you’re talking about Kyhawn’s dreams … they’re weird. He’s weird. His dreams are even weirder. That’s what I think.” He chewed on a fried potato stuffed with fish eggs.
Shortly after, they left the restaurant to help Rembrant, the owner of Omakohak’s famous fish market. When they arrived, old Rembrant was preparing some of his famous smoked fish. The flames grew strong in his smokehouse pit. Rembrant closed the hatch. “You lads ready to work?” He tossed them each an apron.
They enjoyed working for Rembrant. The pay wasn’t much, but he was a friendly old gent. When they finished later that evening, they headed to Emaya’s cottage on the edge of town where many castles stood tall beyond her backyard. It was a place where for the most part, the old city was in ruins. It was also a place where Kyhawn and Earron had once played when they were younger.
But for the moment, Earron and Coita were standing on the small front porch of Emaya’s cottage in hopes of better understanding Kyhawn’s dreams. This time there was a light on inside the cottage. Earron knocked. Moments later the short, thin Emaya opened her door and welcomed them, clearly already knowing what they wanted.
Earron had begun to explain the situation when she gave him an understanding look. “I know what you’re here for—Kyhawn’s dreams. But my nurse is here, so we’ll have to make our visit brief.” She reached for her shawl draped over a kitchen chair behind her and stepped out onto the front porch, closing the octagon shape double doors behind her.
Earron and Coita looked at each other strangely. Coita whispered. “How did she know why we came?”
“I don’t know.” Earron’s dark orange eyes stared at Emaya in hope of answers.
Emaya pulled the shawl around her. It was one she’d carried with her from her homeland of Togmon, the land of meditation and prayer. When she lit the porch lantern, the light exposed the lines on her green, ageless face. “Every time I get an image of a ship in my mind, I see it sailing directly into this window and disappearing. I know I have told you this before. And I wish I could tell you what this means, but the Lords of the Universe will not reveal its meaning to me.”
The door opened. She turned and followed Earron’s stare, glancing over her shoulder at the nurse standing behind her. “This is very important,” she said sharply. “I won’t be long.”
She turned back to Earron and Coita. “The gray birds in Kyhawn’s dreams are an evil sign.” She reached into her pocket. “You lads will have to leave. But take these three crystals with you.” She drew close and embraced them. “You’ll need them. You are a part of his dreams.” She brushed back her long gray hair with a hand. “Though Kyhawn does not realize it, there’s something both of you possess that he needs. It’s nothing you can hold or touch.” She reached out and put her hands on each of their hearts. “It’s inside of you. A part of who you are. A part he does not yet understand about himself. He will need your help.”
She coughed, then cleared her throat, giving them a hopeful look as she opened a small leather pouch. “Each of these crystals possesses a spell that will work upon your enemies.” She held the three crystals out to them. “This amber crystal will blind your enemy, but only for a short while. This violet crystal will cause your enemy to become confused.” She pointed at the third crystal. “Be very careful with this green crystal, and use it wisely.”
“Why?” Coita asked her. “And how are we going to remember which one does what?”
Earron nudged Coita. “Let her finish.”
“As I was saying, be very careful with this green crystal. Only use it in dire need. When you slam it against a solid object, Sydallons will appear and do whatever you ask them to do. But there is no need to tell them, they will know what you’re thinking. The other two crystals work in the same manner. You want to thrust them against a hard surface. However, remember that none of the effects last for longer than a few minutes, including the Sydallons.” She took a piece of parchment from the pouch. “This will remind you what all three crystals will do for you.” She shook the pouch at them. “Don’t forget to say E-no-moa-tos-ess. You have to say E-no-moa-tos-ess after you slam the crystal on a hard surface or the spell will not work. If you forget, the word is also written on the parchment.”
Earron stuffed the pouch in his pocket. “What about Kyhawn’s dreams?”
Emaya’s nurse placed a hand on Emaya’s shoulder. She brushed it off and pulled her shawl tightly around her slim green body. “Besides those gray birds being an evil sign, the rest of his dreams tell me that everyone aboard that ship is in grave danger.”
Earron’s eyes widened with alarm. “Kyhawn’s in danger, you mean.”
She nodded in agreement with sadness in her eyes. There was much she wanted to tell them, but the Lords of the Universe wouldn’t permit her. As if she was, within herself, a part of endless time. She knew deep down that a window in time had opened. And this window in the water was indeed the same window, which would allow either good or evil to take hold and rule the world. She also knew they couldn’t kill the evil, only contain its power. She coughed again, and her nurse said abruptly that she needed her rest.
She embraced them, then took a deep breath. “I’m not well. You lads run along. My nurse doesn’t want me getting worked up over dreams any more.”
Earron glanced at Coita. “Thanks, Emaya.” He grabbed Coita’s arm. “Come on.”
“Wait.” She unfastened a bracelet from her wrist and handed it to Earron. “Please give this to Kyhawn.”
Earron and Coita looked at the bracelet oddly. It was only a chain attached at both ends of an ordinary, but small key, and the end that fastened was at the flat head of the key. “I’ll make sure he gets it,” Earron said as he fastened it around his wrist.
“What’s it for?” Coita asked.
“I can only tell you that he’ll need it some day.” Emaya turned out the lantern. “I’m not sure how just yet, but you lads will be seeing him very soon. And when you do please make sure you give that bracelet to him,” she pointed at Earron’s wrist.
Just then her nurse stepped out on to the porch. “You young Zacs can come back when you have something nicer to talk about.” She waved them on as if she was trying to get rid of flies. She turned to Emaya. “Unless you wish to take another trip to Chamquinil, please come inside before you become ill again.”
Shortly after Earron and Coita returned to the cobblestone road. Before long they’d reached the docks.
Coita nudged Earron’s shoulder. “What now? She left us with more questions than answers. What about those colored stones she gave us? Didn’t Kyhawn say he saw some in his dreams?”
Earron kicked a twig. “He did, but if they were the same, Emaya would have told us. Besides, he saw stones. These are crystals. There’s a big difference between the two. She must know Kyhawn’s in danger or she wouldn’t have given them to us.” He pointed, “There’s Werdna and Nevets’s fishing boat. Hopefully they’re inside the Do-Eats.”
He stopped just outside the restaurant door and turned to Coita. “Don’t say a word about these crystals. Emaya’s not one to play games. Neither am I when it comes to Kyhawn’s safety. Besides, the lives of many others could be on the line.” He stared at Coita as he concealed the bracelet. “Say nothing about this bracelet either.”
“Okay. But tell me, what are Sydallons?”
“They’re hard to describe. Bugs might be one way. They’re eight-to-ten feet tall and always appear in … in kind of the … same form as the closest living bug to where one throws a green crystal. But not just any green crystal—it has to be a crystal holding a spell created by a wizard, or someone like her.”
Coita nodded but with a baffled look on his round face. “They sound awfully scary.”
“They are, when you’re the one they’re after.” Earron turned to him. “You should learn how to read, Coita. That’s how I found out about them. And whether we like it or not, we’re going to have to ask Werdna and Nevets to take us out and search for the Sealander. If they do that for us, we’ll tell them about the crystals, but not until then.”
“I can keep a secret. But that Emaya—she’s weird. She’s green with big ears, and very old. What does she know? Plus she listens to that pushy nurse who tells her what she can or can’t do.” He shook his head. All Coita wanted was to fish and continue to fish without any interference. As far as he was concerned, Kyhawn was leading Earron down a fool’s path. He looked at his best friend, his hands pressed to his hips. “I refuse to ask Werdna and his brother for help again.” Coita took his fishing cap from his back pocket. “Work’s one thing, but don’t ask them about helping us again, please. Occton fishing season isn’t even over for another week. Until then no one’s going to want to go anywhere or do anything but fish.”
Earron opened the door to the Do-Eats Restaurant, but then turned toward the ocean.
Coita glanced at him. “Aren’t you thirsty?”
“What? Yeah, sure.” However, Earron continued to stare at the ocean. They’re out there, and somehow we’re going to find them. Tomorrow morning it will be three days since they’ve been gone. Finally he entered.
As the door closed to the Do-Eats, board the Sealander, the door next to Room 4 opened. Kyhawn and Washburrn heard laughter. But for the moment Kyhawn was angry with himself because he hadn’t succeeded in completely unlocking the chest. He got to his feet and went to the window. He glanced at Washburrn who seemed too involved in his book that he didn’t care about anything else.
More laugher filled the air as Kyhawn watched a parade of Zacs going to the costume party in the dining and entertainment rooms. There were red Zacs, green Zacs, blue Zacs, orange Zacs, yellow Zacs, a few silverish-blue Zacs, and even a mixed-colored red and green Zac with purple hair. Or at least it looked purple under the lanterns light, he thought as they strolled by, decked out in historical costumes of all colors, fashions, shapes, and sizes. It looked like a lot of fun he thought.
Washburrn laid his book on his lap, “Sounds as though that costume dance is about to begin.” He lowered his glasses. “The window, Kyhawn—please close the curtain.”
Kyhawn nodded, feeling a little ill as he realized it was beginning to rain. He remembered the costume party had something to do with his dreams. He shook off the thought, recalling the violence with which he’d ripped his drawings off his bedroom wall. Once again, he decided to ignore his dreams. I can’t figure them out, so why pay any attention to them?
Lighting zipped through the sky. Washburrn glanced at Kyhawn. “Appears we’re in for an early storm. It’s not even winter.”
“Yes,” Kyhawn agreed as he went to the bathroom. After flushing the toilet, he looked at himself in the mirror. Maybe I should have been a fisher-Zac like my father, he thought as he brushed his teeth, then used his fingers to brush his hair. At first he swept his bangs to the side of his face. Then with a flick of his long silverish-blue fingers, he let them hang over his eyes again. Did he like having hair in his eyes, or did a part of him just like hiding behind it? Either way, when he took off his shirt his hair touched his shoulders.
He decided to take advantage of the moment to clean up. He tucked his hair behind his ears and washed his upper body. “That felt great,” he said as he slipped his baggy wheat-colored shirt over his head, then his arms through the long sleeves. Flicking his hair away from his eyes again, he came out and noticed that Washburrn had dozed off. Not thinking much about it, he returned to the chest feeling fresh and ready to defeat its mysterious locking system.

*                  *                  *

In the meantime, two crew-Zacs passed by the dining room’s double doors, then turned the corner. The one snapped his fingers to the sound of the music as they passed room 2, room 4, room 6, and room 8.
“Room 0, this is it,” whispered Emit as he turned out the lamp next to the door, and peeked though the curtain. “It looks as though only one lamp’s burning.” He looked around to see if anyone was coming.
Two rooms down the door opened. A lady zac in a fancy dress came strolling toward them. She seemed a bit tipsy, with one hand on the safety rail to keep her balance, she passed by giving them a friendly hand gesture.
While crew-Zac Nelg smiled, picking at a large scab on his foot, crew-Zac Emit swallowed his impertinent attitude and also smiled. A moment later she disappeared around the corner into the approaching evening’s fogy mist.
“The detectives should be in there,” Emit whispered. “They wouldn’t leave the chest unguarded.” He glanced both ways then kneeled next to the door. “Keep an eye out while I take a look through the keyhole.”
Nelg, one of the new crew-Zacs, looked both ways. No one’s coming he thought, crouching to pick at hid scab.
Emit glanced back at him and spoke with an impatient tone, gently took Nelg by the arm, eased him alongside the safety rail, and whispered. “You skinny thirty five year old brainless clumsy stick—you're supposed to keep an eye out.” He slapped him. “Pay attention.”
Nelg covered his face, and then scratched his head where hair was beginning to grow. “You see anything in there?”
“It looks as though there’s two of them,” he grunted puzzled by the thought, “one lying in each bed.”
“Weren’t there four of them taking care of the chest?”
Emit nodded. “The other two might be in room 4, or enjoying themselves down stairs. We needn’t be concerned about them.”
Nelg rubbed his hands together with a greedy smile. “Did you see the chest?”
“No. You can be sure it’s in there though. The doctor said the pet-lock chest would be in this room.” Emit whispered with a frightful expression. “Stop scratching yourself and keep your ugly mug on the lookout.”
Nelg glanced the other way, then back at Emit. Used to the verbal torture, he almost seemed to enjoy the pain.
Two more passengers strolled by, from the second floor staircase, around the corner from room 10. Emit and Nelg stood next to the safety rail pretending they were on guard duty.
The two passengers walked by giving them a friendly look. The eldest passenger tipped his wide-brim-hat and said to his son. “It’s nice to see guards out, makes one feel safe.”
“With piracy on the rise, it does make one feel safer,” replied his son Bekim.
When the two passengers were out of sight, Emit took another look through the window. “Those two zacs are sleeping…? I’d kill’em if they work for me.”
“While on guard duty?” Nelg adjusted himself. “Don’t sound right.”
“Let’s get this over with. Where’s your pistol? And where’s Mekon? Damn, can’t he ever be on time?”
“Right here,” Nelg answered, taking his pistol out of his cloak pocket. “But what about the other two guards?”
“Forget about them. Put your pistol away.” Emit frowned, pulling out a set of master keys. He flipped through the ring of keys until he located the one to room 10, then inserted it into the keyhole.
Another zac walked toward them from around the corner. Surprising them, Emit stood with his back to the door. The key dangled from the keyhole. By this time Nelg was pointing his pistol at the zac.
“It’s me, Mekon,” whispered the zac. Alongside him stood a wealthy passenger. Mekon slung his hood back exposing his blond hair and light-blue eyes. “You’re lucky it was me you fool.”
They stood next to the safety rail away from the room. Emit frowned. “I told you—never mind. You carrying your dagger and some twine?”
The tall, slim, handsome Mekon patted his cloak pocket.
Emit gave him a pissed off look, while the wealthy passenger reassured them he’d remain on the look-out. Emit proceeded to insert the key. Unlocking the door, his weapon ready, he causally opened it to find Korts and Turnar sound asleep. Mekon lock the door behind them.
With a wicked smile, Emit completely closed the curtain, tapped Mekon and pointed at one of the beds. He gestured with his pistol, take him.  He approached the other bed.
Turnar woke up to find Emit’s dagger pressed against his throat. Emit whispered, “Make a sound and I’ll have to put this here eight-inch blade to work.”
Turnar laid in silence, unsure if he was dreaming or not.
“Get up,” demanded Emit. “Get over here and wake your friend, and don’t try anything stupid.”
Turnar complied with his demand. “Korts... wake up, Korts!”
Korts, who was already awakened by the noise, opened his eyes to find his friend standing over him trembling. Turnar covered his mouth. Korts realizing the situation remained quiet.
“Lay there and don’t make a move, or your friend gets it in the back,” demanded Emit, taking a neatly rolled up ball of twine from his inner cloak pocket. “Nelg, don’t take your pistol off these two.”
“What is it you want?” Turnar cried.
Emit whispered in an impetuous tone. “You know what we want. Where is it—where’s the chest?”
Korts, the calmer of them set up in bed. “We don’t know what you’re talking about. Just what do you think you’re doing waking me up?”
“Take our luggage,” Turnar cried, “if that’s what you want.”
“We only have shoulder bags, and cabacs,” added Korts.
“Don’t play games with us. We know the chest with the peg-lock system is here.” Mekon exclaimed, tying Korts’ arms behind his back. With a jerk he tightened the twine, pulling his arms down to his legs, wrapping his ankles.
“You two search the place. Look for any hidden passages. It’s got to be in here—make haste.” Emit forcefully wrapped the twine around Turnar’s wrist. “It can’t be far. Try the closet.”
Both Turnar and Korts were lying on the same bed. Emit stood over them with his pistol in one hand, pointed at their heads. In his other hand, a dagger tapped against his metal studded belt buckle, over and over again. The annoying sound echoed through Korts and Turnar’s heads like a bomb ready to explode.
Mekon tossed a few shoulder bags around. “It’s not in this closet.” He said searching for a hidden passage. “It’s not in this room!”
“Not in this fancy bathroom either,” Nelg reported.
“If it’s not in here—where is it then?” Emit demanded, pressing his dagger against Turnar’s upper leg almost breaking the skin.
Korts pleaded with them. “We told you, we don’t know what you’re talking about. Honest, we’re passengers. Please, take anything you want. All we ask is that you don’t harm us.”
Emit yanked at Korts’ shirtsleeve. “Keep your voice down lizard scum. Don’t tell me your lies!" He continued tapping his dagger. “You’re no wealthy Zac. These are the garments of a working class Zac,” he said cutting into his shirt. “The chest, or your lives.”
Emit, losing his patience, took a scarf from his own pocket and stuffed it into Turnar’s mouth. Turnar’s eyes widened. His heart pounded. He glanced at his friend lying next to him, a doomed look in his eyes. In a revengeful manner Emit cut a shorter piece of twine, placed it over his mouth, and tied it behind his head.
“This will help you remember,” Emit pressed one hand over Turnar’s mouth, then with his other hand he plunged his dagger into Turnar’s leg.
Turnar shouted out a painful, but silent scream.
Mekon pressed his dagger against Korts throat and intensely whispered, “We know that you know it whereabouts. If it’s not here, then were is it?”
Korts muttered, “No. Don’t tell them.”
Nelg stood with his pistol in his hand, smiling as though he enjoyed watching others in pain.
The sweat ran down Turnar’s pale purple face.
“If you know what’s good for you,” Mekon gripped Korts’ jaw, “you’ll tell us where the chest is hidden.”
Korts glared into Mekon’s eyes. He could almost feel an ocean of greed flowing from them.
Mekon, the more rational one, kneeled beside Korts, looked him straight in the eyes, and whispered. “When Emit gets this way it’s difficult to say what he might do. For your own well being, tell us what you have done with it. You’ll tell us. That’s if you wish to live without out any more pain.”
Korts stared at Mekon with confidence. “We’ll never tell you anything you don’t already know. Our shift’s almost over. Four zacs will come busting through that door—if Turnar and I aren’t there to answer it.”
“Tough, Zac,” Emit groaned. “Let’s kill’em. We can find the chest when the rest of our… crew show up.”
“Aren’t we supposed to have the chest ready to go by the time the others get here?” Nelg asked. Dumbfounded, with a great need to pick at his scab he lost his balance and fell. The table went crashing to the floor.
Sweat dripped from Emit’s face. “You—what are you doing, trying to get us hung?” He took Nelg by the shirt collar and ripped it loose with rage.
“It was an accident,” Nelg pleaded, picking up his pistol. “You know I don’t see to well in the dark.”
“You’re going to think accident,” Emit grumbled. “Stand here until I tell you to move.”
Nelg being strong for his skinny built, didn’t posses much in the thinking department, stood as he was told.
Mekon knew Emit well. If something didn’t happen in his favor soon, someone might end up dead. He kneeled beside Korts again and placed his hand on his shoulder, patting it. He looked at Korts with a friendly expression. “What’s your name?”
“Korts, my name is Korts... his name’s Turnar. You’re going to kill us aren’t you?"
Mekon answered with a pleasant but deceiving smile. “No one’s going to kill anyone. All we want is the chest. Now please tell us were it is being kept.” Mekon paused. “It’s in room 4 isn’t it?”
“The truth is we picked it up,” Korts swallowed his pried, heart pounding, he glanced at Turnar’s leg wound. “But instead of taking it to Adrolf we decided to leave it in Omakohak. The Adrolf authority possesses it now. We only pretended to make it appear as though we were still protecting it.” He raised his voice. “In order to throw idiots such as yourself off guard.”
Mekon pressed his hand over Korts’ mouth, shoved him back, and peered into his eyes. “Not bad, but it’ll not do. We saw the chest brought on board in Chamquinil.” Mekon glanced at Nelg and Emit. “There was no wooden chest with a peg-lock system taken off the ship in Omakohak. You're lying.”
Waves of evil radiated  the room with darkness. “Gag him,” Emit demanded as he stood over Turnar running his dagger over his entire body.
Mekon grabbed the bed sheet, ripped off two strips, and started to gag Korts. Korts let out a loud cry. But it only lasted a second. Mekon plunged one piece into his mouth, and quickly tied the other piece around his head over his mouth.
Emit walked around to the other side of the bed. “Mekon, keep your blade on this one.” Emit took hold of a pillow, placed it over Korts’ face, and continued to stab him until Mekon grabbed the knife from his hand.
Turnar struggled desperately to free himself.
“Now, I have long, lost my patience. Tell me—where’s the chest?” demanded Emit, wiping sweat off his face onto his shirtsleeve. His bloody dagger pressed against Turnar’s throat. He jerked the twin down passed his chin and yanked the scarf from his mouth.
“Emit, we’ve been here too long. The band will soon be finishing, and those other two could show up at any time. Let’s take our losses and get out of here. It’s most likely in room 4. We should wait until the others get here. We’ll have more help then,” Mekon strongly suggested.
“I told them I’d have the chest ready when they arrived. Doc will be with them.” Emit wiped his dagger off on the bed sheet. With a wicked expression he glared at Turnar, grabbed the blood stained pillow lying on Korts’ face, and tossed it across the room. “You piece of lizard scum, look at your friend now. Not so pretty anymore.” He grumbled. “Where are those two other guards hiding the chest—in room 4?”
Turnar could only stare at them. In silence he trembled. Careful not to look at the gloom reminder lying dead next to him, he kept loyal to his king, Lumarkahawn.
Nelg, the youngest of them said with delight. "Killing him isn’t going to help us find the chest. Let’s keep him hidden so we can torture him later.”
“Nelg’s right, killing him isn’t going to solve anything.” Mekon stood next to the window as if listening for on-comers. “We could use him in trade for the chest.”
Emit took a pillow from the other bed and approached him. “I agree, killing him isn’t going to help us, but he’s not worth trading for the chest. Keeping him alive can only make matters worse for us.”
Before Turnar had a chance to cry out Emit smashed the pillow over his face. He struggled to free himself, but it was no use. While Mekon turned his head, Nelg seemed to enjoy the unnecessary act.
“No witnesses.” Emit chuckled softly as he wiped his dagger on the bed sheet and tucked it into his sheath strapped to the lower part of his leg. He steadied his blue middle-aged body against the bed, then took off his bloodstained shirt. “Since these sea-Zacs don’t have the chest, Washburrn and his apprentice Kyhawn must have stowed it in Room 4.” Sweat ran off his cheeks and down onto his neck, wetting his long red hair. “Kyhawn. I don’t like the sound of that name,” he mumbled. His bloodshot dark orange eyes were possessed by his visions of becoming the next high priest.
He slipped on his dark blue uniform cloak, then violently rolled his shirt into a ball. “Everything depends on us regaining the canister, along with the ancient jewels in that damn chest! We find it and we rule the entire region, our way. It will be as it was three hundred years ago when only a handful of us owned everything.” A burst of eerie whispering laughter slipped between his lips.
Mekon changed his expression from a disgusted look to one of greed and power. “We have no choice then, but to break into room 4… first reasonable chance we get.” He peeked out the window, then glanced over his shoulder, “Keep hold of those keys Emit. We’re going to need them.”
“The keys will be retuned as soon as we leave here. We don’t want anyone to notice them missing.”
There was a thump. Nelg lay on the floor next to the lamp and chair he’d knocked over. And once again Emit grabbed him by the shirt collar. “You … you’re worthless … look what you’ve done now, and all because you can’t keep from scratching your pathetic sores on your pathetic body.” He slapped him to the ground, and then turned to Mekon. “What’s it look like out there?”
Mekon’s wealthy passenger friend was speaking to someone. The friend looked at Mekon gesturing to him the coast was clear, then escorted a lady around the corner, and they quickly made their exit. But not without Nelg striking a flint stick. He dropped it next to the oil lamp he had split, then followed close behind them.
Moments later they stood just around the corner from Room 10 underneath the second floor walkway near the number two mast. Emit took out his timepiece. “Don’t like it much.” He hesitated. “We’ll wait until our ship arrives before we do anything else.”
Mekon agreed. “Wise decision.”
“Don’t you and Nelg have guard duty at midnight?” Emit asked as he balled up his shirt.
“You know we do,” Mekon answered, feeling somewhat calm now that he knew they were going to wait for their ship. “At least the rain has started to let up some.”
Emit nodded, collecting his thoughts. “I need to return these keys.” He hurried off, feeling no remorse for the Zacs they had just murdered. As he passed by Room 4, he leaned over the railing and tossed the shirt overboard. He turned noticing the lights were still on in room 4. “That blasted chest is in there. Doc was wrong about it being in room 10. Kyhawn is most likely in there as well, along with that other detective,” he muttered to himself. But when he reached the steps to the bridge, he hesitated. Thinking it was easy to take the keys, but how would he get them back without being caught.
Unknown to Emit, Captain Joenf had already discovered the keys to be missing and suspected him. The captain peered out the window of the bridge. “There he is,” he muttered as he stepped out onto the narrow walkway that wrapped around the bridge. “Emit, I want a word with you.”
Emit pulled his hood over his head, threw the keys overboard, and made a quick run for the double doors that led down into the dining room.
The bridge door slammed behind Captain Joenf as he reentered. He glanced at everyone, then looked at one of his younger, but well trusted member of the crew, Tobben. “Crew-zac Tobben, you know what crew-Zac Emit looks like?”
“Wasn’t that him you were yelling at, sir?” Tobben responded. He stood straight as befit a trusted crew-Zac, his well-shaved green face and groomed hair looking neat, along with his floppy ears and bushy eyebrows gave him a look of innocence.
The captain stared out the bridge door. “That was him. He took off through the double doors.” He turned to his crew. “I believe he’s taken the extra set of master keys. I want you down there at once. Bring him to me. But don’t let the passengers know what’s going on.”
“Yes sir.” Tobben bowed.
“I know what he looks like, sir,” Tobben’s good friend Shanel volunteered.
“Go with him,” Captain Joenf ordered. He turned to an older member of the crew, Dewgoss. He looked sober enough he thought.  “Dewgoss and I will manage.” For Dewgoss was one how liked his drink, perhaps too much. Despite this weakness he was a kind hard working member of the crew.
When Tobben swung the bridge door open on the starport side, Shanel covered her head with the hood of her dark blue uniform cloak.
As Dewgoss stepped aside, the captain gripped the wheel and raised his cap, exposing his reseeding hair line.  He shook his head, disgusted with himself. As his long wavy silver hair rested on his cloak, he gazed though the windshield in thought. Those fools. I knew I shouldn’t have hired so many new crew-Zacs in such a hurry. But with all these wealthy passengers on vacation, I couldn’t stop the cruise. And Professor La’mamm and Lumpskin paid me plenty of tiallup for those two rooms.
He reached for his tobacco pipe; scratched his wiry beard; keeping the promise he made to his wife that he’d quit smoking, he held his empty pipe in his mouth unlit. Could that be why Emit stole the master keys? We were so secretive about bringing that chest aboard. He could be a thief … but of course he probably doesn’t know we have the chest aboard.  A small-time thief, that’s what he is. A small time thief wanting to break into the passenger rooms while they were out.  We’ll get him. He took a deep breath and placed his pipe back into his inside cloak pocket. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea bringing along fifteen of King Lumarkahawn’s soldiers disguised as my crew.

*                  *                  *

When Aestasol, a young muscular soldier of the King’s army, and two well-trusted members of the crew, Zeal and Willow, were making their rounds, they noticed smoke oozing from under the door of Room 10. Mekon and Nelg quickly joined them. “What can we do?” Mekon asked.
“Stand by,” Zeal ordered as Willow pried the door open. Flames had begun to engulf the chair. “Aestasol, find Alil and bring her here,” Zeal demanded as Willow grabbed a blanket to put out the fire which had consumed the seat cushion.
As it continued to rain with a sharp chilling breeze coming in from the west, Alil and Gelhona, another one of the ship’s trusted female crew-Zacs, arrived on the scene. Alil couldn’t believe her eyes when she saw Korts and Turnar. Both of them lay in their beds in their nightclothes with their hands and feet bound. It appeared Korts had been smothered by a pillow while Turnar’s throat had been slit. She noted as she looked at Mekon and Nelg. “Go back to making your rounds. But by all means, be sure to keep an eye out for loose rigging. We don’t want any of the sails coming loose.”
After sending Gelhona to inform the captain of the murders, Alil, Zeal and Willow searched the room and the bodies for clues. Alil, feeling somewhat dazed, draped a blanket over the bodies. “Well, I never. I never would have thought this could happen. It’s a good thing two rooms were rented instead of one,” she said in a tone of anger. “I’ve been with Captain Joenf since the beginning of his cruise ship career, but nothing compares to what has happened here tonight—”
Shortly after Alil sent Willow to room 4.
The pounding on the door woke up Washburrn, who opened his eyes and stretched. He took out his timepiece. “Who could that be who doesn’t know the code knock?”
Kyhawn quickly did his best to reset the pegs as Washburrn went to the window. “It’s most likely someone who’s had too much to drink. But you should go ahead and put the chest away.” Just as he opened the curtain a bit, there was another loud knock.
“It’s me—Willow,” a familiar voice pleaded. “Open the door!”
Kyhawn shoved the chest into the closet. Washburrn quickly opened the door. Willow let his hood drop to his shoulders, then gave the X detective a look of disbelief and horror. “There’s been a fire in Room 10. Korts and Turnar—they’ve been … murdered.”
Aestasol ran up right behind him, breathing heavily. “Captain Joenf told me Emit took the extra set of master keys. When he called out to him, Emit tossed something overboard, then fled toward the dining room. The Captain sent Tobben and Shanel after him.”
A chill swept through each of them.
“Kyhawn, get my cloak. We’re going after him.” Washburrn turned to Willow. “I’d like it if you and Zeal would remained here along with two others of your choice” He paused, “preferably someone we can trust.” He added, “Where’s Zeal, he’s usually with you?”
“He’s in room 10 with Alil.”
Washburrn pointed toward room 10, “Aestasol. I want you to report to Alil, stay with her, and insist that Zeal return here with two other’s we can count on.”
As the young slender Aestasol quickly returned to room 10, Washburrn loaded his pistol as Kyhawn hurried to his side. “Take this one,” Washburrn ordered, unbuckling his holster and handing both to Kyhawn. He reached into his cloak for another pistol and loaded it as well.
Kyhawn held his new pistol in silence, realizing the seriousness of the situation. He glanced at the closet again and slipped the pistol into its holster.
Moments later Zeal returned with two of the King’s soldiers. Willow smiled with relief knowing there were four of them going to look after the chest. He stood next to Zeal as Washburrn and Kyhawn proceed out into the rain for the dining room.
Kyhawn glanced at the railing just outside the door. And for a brief moment he thought about his mother and her fears. The railing reminded him of their picket fence back home; beyond that the ocean and sky faded into darkness like an abstract painting with no beginning or ending in sight.
Washburrn opened the double doors. “Hurry, Kyhawn—he’s not out there.”
Kyhawn had never been on a real pursuit. He shook off his fears and followed his mentor. But in his minds eye he could see a large window standing in the ocean. A beach and a small pile of sand; an unusual shiny object lay on top. A large gray bird swept through the scene and distorted the vision, as the wind and rain whipped against his face. He was determined to understand his latest dream about a chained bird falling into Room 10.
As Kyhawn and Washburrn began their pursuit, just around the corner from Room 10, two passengers were having a conversation beneath the exterior steps. Their hoods hid their faces from the wall lanterns. The male passenger asked his female friend, “Did you see what room Washburrn came from?”
“Room 4,” she answered as she brushed back her long red hair and drew her hood tightly around her face.
The male passenger smiled in delight. “Whoever started it, this fire… is lucky for us. Now we know where the loot’s hidden. There hasn’t been any passengers coming or going from that room, only members of the crew.”
“But there’s at least three crew-Zacs in that room,” she stressed.
“No doubt there would be. However, one of them is most likely that young Zac working with Washburrn. Luxton spoke with them both earlier.”
“Can you believe it—Luxton as a server?”
The male passenger chuckled. “He’s been worse to carry out our dirty deeds.”
“Our shipmates said they’d be here later tonight,” the female whispered. “We better have the chest by then.”
“Someone’s coming. We should move on to our room,” he whispered.

*                   *                   *

In the meantime, while the crew was busy maintaining the ship, and searching the rooms for Emit, the band continued to entertain the passengers down in the entertainment room. By this time most of the passengers were sitting at the table. In hope the storm might pass over soon, they did their best to ignore the unsteadiness of the ship; eating, laughing, drinking and guessing who each other might be as they took off their masks and exposed their faces.
Washburrn and Kyhawn stood in the dining area after searching the entertainment room and the rooms where the crew slept for Emit, but there was no sign of him. Careful not to disturb the passengers as they cautiously shared a few brief words with Dylc, second in command. Neither he nor Jayden, one of the new crew-Zacs assisting him, had seen Emit.
The four of them went threw the swinging doors that led into the kitchen where they continued their search. The smell of fresh seafood filled the air. With the sounds of cooks moving utensils around, and preparing the steam-rocks which provided heat for the meal-bar. One of the cooks standing at the wood burner said, “Dylc, sir, are we glad to see you. What in Gods creation is going on—two deaths I heard. And something about an old chest being aboard ship with ancient books.” The short, stocky, rough looking, sharp speaking new chief cook, with a purple completion named Durchir quickly added, “What is going on here? I joined on with the lot of you, thinking what a nice environment for one to work in.” He waved a large fork as he spoke. “I’ll be dang if that didn’t last long. A fire in a sleeping room. The passengers aren’t allowed to come and go as they please. And if that isn’t wicked enough, two Zacs killed. Most likely murdered!”
“Calm down," Dylc stressed, “The passengers are free to roam the ship as usual.  Didn’t you hear the bell?”
“I heard the dang bell. That’s all fine and dandy,” Durchir  remarked, with an increasing tone of anger. “Another thing, what’s this I heard, the only reason we were hired on was because ten crew-Zacs got food poisoning! No one told me about anyone getting food poisoned till this morning.  Please sir, tell me just what kind of ship do you operate here? I can get a job as a head cook anywhere, but no—I had to get one on a demented ship!”
“Okay, I apologize for not telling you about some of my crew getting sick.” Dylc pleaded. “If it was from the food… we don’t have anything to worry about. It has all been replaced.”
“That’s fine and dandy, but what about the murders?”
“We’re dealing with that, but please keep your voice down. Nothing like this has ever happened aboard the Sealander before, and you can be sure it will never happen again,” Dylc twisted his mustache, trying dearly to respond as the captain would. “Keep in mind, none of the passengers need to know about any of this. The way it stands now all they know is that we had a fire in one of the sleeping room, and that’s the way we intend to keep it. Nothing is to be mentioned of the chest either.”
Durchir realized his anger and paused for a moment. “Okay then we’ll proceed as scheduled on the wall here,” he pointed.
“Very well.” Dylc bowed respectfully.
“You can be sure that Emit isn’t in my kitchen,” Durchir let them know. “If we see him, we’ll be sure to contain him for your convenience.
“Thank you,” Washburrn gave him a thin smile, as Kyhawn and he departed the kitchen, leaving it for Dylc and Jayden to deal with.
Washburrn turned and almost ran into another of his trusted crewmates, Tuenale, who possessed an old seafaring look about him. “Sorry about that Tuenale,” Washburrn said. “Have any luck?”
Tuenale shook his head. “No. I’ve been… for the most part… attending to the passengers needs.”
“Washburrn,” Kyhawn took in a deep breath as if he had been holding in his deepest thoughts, “I’d like to go in room 10.”
“No need to go in there,” Washburrn gave him an odd stare.
“There’s a clue in there that will help guide us to the murderers.” Kyhawn said, and with one hand over his chin he insisted, “I just know there is. And I’d like for you to come with me.”
“Sounds to me, a waist of time.” Washburrn glanced at Tuenale, then stared at Kyhawn as if he was trying to read his mind. “What makes you so sure?”
“Nothing. I mean it’s… something,” Kyhawn hesitated. “I had a dream. Can we just go there and look. You have the entire crew on the lookout for our main suspect, Emit. And we’re not even sure he was involved. Anyway, they’re sure to find him soon, but it doesn’t mean he killed anyone.”
Tobben and Shanel rushed in from the back door on the starboard side into the kitchen. A moment later they passed through the singing doors and approached Washburrn standing near the meal-bar. “He’s not out there.” Shanel quickly added. “Two passengers did say they’d seen three crew-Zacs standing outside room 10 prier to the fire.”
“We spoke with Dylc,” Tobben said. “He said Jayden and he would look into who those three crew-Zacs were. He said they had recently left the kitchen and we were to report to you.”
Washburrn nodded with a thin smile. “I’d like it if you two would take Kyhawn to room 10.” Washburrn glanced at Kyhawn, reached into one of his many pockets for his ring of keys, and took the key to room 10 off the ring. “You’ll need this key to get in. that’s if no one’s in there. Now go on.” He looked at Shanel and Tobben with an odd stare. “He’ll tell you why he needs to go there on the way.” He looked at Tuenale. “Let’s you and I search the sleeping rooms again and the livestock compartments.  I need to get something from my room as well.”
Kyhawn looked at Washburrn. “Thanks.”
“Go on,” Washburrn said. “But I want you back here in twenty minutes.” He gave him a rigid look.
“Twenty minutes,” Kyhawn replied, as Tobben and Shanel took him out the back door to the kitchen and around to the stern under the second floor walkway, then around the corner to room 10. At the same time Kyhawn quickly told them about the chained bird falling into the room from the sky. “This was in a dream I had,” he explained.
As they approached they found Mekon and Nelg keeping watch, but what they were really doing is keeping an eye on room 4. And for the moment all of them stood under the second floor walkway somewhat protected from the rain. Shanel’s rosy colored face looked weary. Her eyes were puffy, but she spoke with a loud voice. “Things quiet out here?”
“Quiet? Sure,” Mekon nodded, “except for the rain, its been quiet.”
“Too quiet,” Nelg responded.
“You two can move on. Make your rounds,” Shanel added. “Make sure everything’s secured on the sun-deck. We’re in for a long wet stormy night.”
Kyhawn watch Mekon and Nelg while they went to the steps leading up to the second floor walkway. Their new crew-Zacs, he thought. And they’re not the King’s soldiers. Should we suspect them?  Kyhawn noted there was no need to unlock the door. It had been busted open because of the fire. He turned to Shanel and Tobben. “Are you guys coming inside?”
“We’ll stay out here and keep watch. You go on in and find that clue,” Tobben’s green complexion glimmered under the lanterns light next to the door. He smiled as if Kyhawn and his dream stuff were a bit strange.
Kyhawn entered the room, closed the door, lit a few candles, and a lantern. He knew there must be a clue that they had overlooked. “Where didn’t they look?” Kyhawn asked himself. After searching the bathroom and the closed, he walked around the room a few time before he decided to get on his hands and knees and searched near the beds.
“This place is a mess. I’ll never find what I’m looking for in here,” he said to himself, starting to have feelings of doubt. What am I doing here? He shook off the thought. It’s here. I know it is. They just overlooked it. Whatever it is? He crawled between the beds, trying to avoid any contact with the bodies. Zeal and Willow said they searched the room. It must be something small. A chain … could it be that easy? Under the beds. It’d be easy to overlook something small. He placed the lantern he was carrying on the wooden floor next to one of the beds and searched, but didn’t find anything but a sock. He tossed it aside, suppressed his doubts, and moved the lantern as close to the other bed as possible. He searched for a minute or so without any success. He sat up and stared at the blanket draped over the edge of the bed, then quickly grabbed it and tossed it on top the bed. That should give me more light, he thought as he took a second look under the bed. His eyes opened wide as he got on his belly and eased under the bed a ways to grab a small chain. While under the bed in the shaded light he noticed there was something attached to the chain.  Looks like it could be a bird, he thought. Yes … that’s it—a bird hanging from a chain. Is this the fallen angel Emaya told me about? A chained bird?
In the meantime the storm was getting worse. Tobben and Shanel had to help with a rigging that had come loose from a pulley.
Moments later Kyhawn’s dark brown eyes peered at the door knob. Someone was coming in the room. He sat between the beds with an uncomfortable chill as the two bodies lay before him.
It was Nelg. He’s one of the new crew members. What’s he doing coming in here. Kyhawn, suspected him as well. He was a new members of the crew. He quickly decided to hide under the bed to wait and see what his intentions where. I hope he didn’t see me, he thought as he lay on his belly under the bed with the two bodies.
The sheet on the edge of the bed hung low allowing him to see only the lower half of Nelg’s body. This might prove as my only protection from being seen.
Nelg walked over to the candles and blew them out. Then went between the beds and reached for the lantern, and walked around the room as if looking for something. He then got on his knees and began to craw around. Nelg was most definitely looking for something, Kyhawn thought, wondering if he should say something or not. This was odd, him blowing out the candles. He decide to remain quiet.
When Nelg drew near Kyhawn held his breath, eased back, and breathed as little as possible.
“Where is it…?” Nelg repeated to himself a few time. His voice was distressed. With one hand holding the lamp, he laid his elbow on the edge of the bed as if the bodies lying there didn’t bother him. He turned over a pillow lying on the floor, and with a look of disappointment he continued on. “Where is it…?”
While the dark shadows created by the lamp cast over Kyhawn like a wall protecting him from evil. The frustrated new crew-Zac continued to search for a while longer under the other bed, and elsewhere on the floor. He soon became disappointed with himself. “It’s got to be here. I don’t understand. It surely broke lose when my shirt got ripped.” he mumbled.
Nelg crawled over between the two beds again. With one hand holding the lamp, he slid his other hand under the bed.
Kyhawn eased back, closed his eyes, and hoped Nelg wouldn’t discover him.
Nelg’s hand swept right passed Kyhawn’s hand. Disgusted, he sat up in the middle of the two beds, got to his feet, and placed the lamp where he had found it. Dissatisfied, he kicked a few objects around, then went to the window to see if anyone was near. Seconds later Nelg had departed the room, leaving Kyhawn to his thoughts.
“He must had been one of them that murdered these two…? He must had been looking for this necklace. Why else would he be in here looking for something.?” Kyhawn said softly, bumping his head in the process, he let out a moan.
“This necklace… Emit… Nelg… falling angels… the peg-lock chest. Korts and Turner dead…? I need to tell Washburrn about this at once.”
A split second later, the Sealander jerked to a frightening halt. Kyhawn’s head hit the bed frame again, then the floor. Dazed, he watched the door upon. It was the last thing he saw before losing consciousness.
*                   *                   *

Large waves slapped against the Sealander. Captain Joenf and Dewgoss struggled to pull away from whatever had hit them. But in the darkness of fog, pouring rain, and wind, visibility was almost zero. Emit, who was wearing a costume and mask he had taken from the costume room along with his companion swiftly entered the bridge. They drew their daggers and used them to take control of the helm.
Emit’s tall and stocky friend Odeuss pressed a dagger to Dewgoss’s throat, demanding the chest. But an enormous wave crashed through the glass and slammed both of them against the door on the opposite side of the bridge. The door opened, spilling them out onto the narrow walkway.
While the captain lay low and drew his dagger, Emit reached for his own, but discovered it had fallen out. Instead he found a long piece of broken glass and held it in his leather glove.
The captain got to his feet just as Emit made his first thrust. As the captain moved back to avoid the attack, he stumbled against the wheel. Emit went for him. The captain let out a few choice words as he kicked Emit against the wall. Emit fell to the floor, dropping the glass. He quickly realized Captain Joenf had dropped his dagger, and reached for it.
Another wave crashed the bridge. While Captain Joenf and Emit struggled to dominate the dagger inside the bridge, Dewgoss and Odeuss were fighting on the narrow bridge walkway. Dewgoss had drew his sword and plunged it into Odeuss’s gut. Dewgoss withdrew his sword and shoved his opponent over the railing onto the main deck.
Emit had freed himself from the captain, seen what Dewgoss had done, and before Dewgoss realized what was going on, Emit shoved him over the railing.
The captain, on his hands and knees, grabbed Emit by the leg. Emit fell onto the walkway. And once again the two were fighting hand to hand combat. Emit held a dagger, while the captain too held a dagger. But he also held his sword which had been hanging from it sheath on the wall inside the bridge.
The captain swung at Emit, missing him, the blade scared the bridge’s exterior. Emit back off. The Captain lowered his blade and used its hilt instead and went for him. His dagger in his other hand, he smashed Emit in the face with the hilt, dropped his sword and went to pierce Emit with his dagger.
Emit moved to one side, grabbed the captain by the shoulder and threw him down onto the deck just outside the door, and jumped him from behind. The two struggled. Emit’s dagger plunged into the wooden walkway. The captain felt the sharpness of its blade.
The captain got to his feet. Emit, dagger in hand, and a fearless rage in his eyes, went for the Captain again. The captain elbowed him in the gut, knocked him in the face with the hilt of his dagger, and pushed him over the railing onto the main deck.
Captain fired his pistol, but the cap had gotten wet.
Dylc and crew-Zac Tuenale rushed the opposite side of the bridge. Alarmed, Dylc took hold the wheel, realizing it was locked in place. He quickly freed it. But it didn’t do much good. They weren’t going anywhere, and the ship was sinking. “The Captain’s over here. He needs help!” Dylc dashed out the door and took hold the captain.
“The ship’s sinking!” someone cried.
Confusion and fright swept over each and every Zac on board as they made ready the lifeboats to abandon ship. Rain beat against Tuenale’s dark silverish-blue, rough-looking face as he shouted, “There’s no land out this way for at least another day on the sea!” He felt fear not only for his own life, but for everyone else as well.

CHAPTER 2:

The large waves that seemed to have come from nowhere suddenly vanished. However, as the crew-Zacs began lowering the lifeboats, lighting and thunder continued to whip the sky. Someone cried out, “Land—there, out there—land!”
“A beach—head for that beach!” Zeal shouted down at the lifeboats already in the water. He stood before the peg-lock chest looking around for his best friend Willow.
Tailk, a rough-looking passenger with an eye patch nodded up at Zeal as he plunged his oar through the water, alongside Shanel. Finally the first lifeboat hit the sand, the rest following, guided by the lanterns of those who had already landed.
Back on the Sealander, Zeal carried a heavy look of anxiety. Where could Willow be?
Alil and a few others were in a lifeboat hanging from a pulley just beneath the railing. Moments later the peg-lock chest was lowered into it. Keeping the chest steady, they waited for other well trusted members of the crew to fill the empty seats before lowering it into the choppy waters below. A Zac stumbled out from the darkness. Tobben went for his pistol, but quickly realized it was only an elderly female. He hurried to assist her. “Ma'am, everything’s going to be okay.”
“My husband!” she cried. “Have you seen my husband Kyltic? He’s bald, heavy, and only has one arm .…”
“He’s with us,” Tobben said as he assisted her over the railing into the lifeboat.
“I’m here, Malla.” Kyltic took hold of his wife. “I got her from here.” He groaned, wishing he had both of his arms. Angry with himself for losing his arm from the elbow down in a careless mistake at work. He knew it’d take a Zac his age over two years to grow a new one. “Stay close, Malla,” he murmured as he draped his cloak around her while the lifeboat was lowered into the waters.
*                 *                 *

Kyhawn opened his eyes and sat up in a lifeboat. Rubbing his eyes as if he was lost in one of his dreams, he tugged on Tuenale’s sleeve. Tuenale gave him a compassionate stare. “You’re awake.” He patted the young detective’s shoulder. “Thank the Gods you’re all right.”
Kyhawn took a quick breath, shook his head, and quickly looked around. His eyes opened wide with alarm. “We’re sinking,” he said as the ship leaned to one side. He leaned forward. “The chain …” he was unable to find it in his pockets. “The chest .…”
“The Chest is well. It’s sitting in that lifeboat,” Tuenale pointed, as he went on to explain what happened. And that they had to carry him from room 10 on to the lifeboat. “I’m not sure what we hit.”
Kyhawn got to his feet, pulled himself up the pulley rope, and climbed over the railing onto the main deck to reclaim the chain he had found in room 10.
Moments later Kyhawn departed the room. With the chain clutched in his fist, he hurried to room 4 where he grabbed his cabac, stuffed the chain safely inside it, and hurried to the lifeboat containing the peg-lock chest. But before he could reach the lifeboat, Washburrn and Willow came from around the corner near room 10.
Between the sound of the rain and waves crashing against the nearby shore, they heard a loud and horrifying crack as lightning struck the ship. “Look out!” Kyhawn’s eyes widened with fear. “The mast—the mast is falling!” He pointed while at the same time pushing Washburrn out of harm’s way. The riggings snapped, whipping in all directions. The mast crashed through the railing, breaking it into pieces.  Kyhawn tripped over a loose rigging. Another rigging slapped him over the side into the ocean.
“Someone’s overboard!” shouted a passenger.
Kyhawn struggled to keep his head above water. He felt he was about to vanish under the waves. Taking a deep breath, he forced off his cabac, heavy coat and leather boots that were pulling him down. All he could think about was his next breath of air. Finally he was free of them and able to stay more easily on the surface.
Lightning again lit the sky. He caught sight of a lifeboat nearby. Alil’s arm reached for him. “Give me your hand,” she stretched as far as she could reach. “Take it!”
The lifeboat dipped with the movement of the waves.
Kyhawn struggled to reach her hand, but their fingers never touched. Again the lifeboat dipped. This time he felt her fingers, but the waves pulled them apart.
Up and down in the ocean’s powerful pull, Kyhawn struggled to catch his breath. He managed to grab Alil’s wrist, but slipped away again. He threw his head back gasping for air.
On another rise, their hands touched again, but the powerful undertow tore them from one another before they had a chance to get a good grip.
It took everything Kyhawn had to pull himself upward again. Finally with a little help from the next wave, he gripped the lifeboat with all he had left to give.
Alil grabbed him and pulled him aboard.
While they raced to get away from the sinking ship, Kyhawn lay in the lifeboat. His dreams flashed before him. Exhausted, he sat up to have a look around. An Oowed stared at him. “Is there anything I can do for you?”
Kyhawn shook his head and turned the other way. “Alil.” He gripped her arm. “Where’s Washburrn?”
Before Alil had a chance to respond, a large wave came from out of the darkness and slammed the small boat against huge rocks. They flipped completely over. Kyhawn, Alil, and the others with them along with the peg-lock chest were left to fend for themselves.
“Help!” a passenger cried. “I can’t swim!”
Alil grabbed the passenger. “I have you—hold on!” She wrapped her arm around the elderly lady’s upper body while swimming powerfully toward the lights. Although she looked around for Kyhawn, she couldn’t see him anywhere.
“Land—there’s land over here!” The lights illuminated Tobben, who was standing in what looked to be only a few feet of water and waving his arms. “You can make it,” he said as he and others came out to give a helping hand.
“What in Goducess’s creation is going on here?” Shanel questioned. “Where are we?” Treb, a wealthy farmer, and his son Bekim stood by and helped beach the other lifeboats. “Where are we?” Shanel repeated.
“Not sure,” Treb said, his voice accented, “but it beats a sinking ship.” As the rain dripped from his wide brimmed hat, he embraced his son. “We’re going to be all right, Bekim, wherever we are.”
They felt relieved as a smaller wave gently pushed another lifeboat ashore.
Exhausted, Alil made sure Dylc and another well-trusted crew-Zac was taking care of Captain Joenf, who lay unconscious under the nearby trees. She then went in search of Kyhawn and Washburrn, but before she could locate them, she had to attend to one of the crew who had just made it onto the beach before collapsing.  At the opposite end of the beach, to the far left, blood dripped from Kyhawn’s forehead. He had also dragged himself onto the beach next to a large tree before collapsing.
With the dark and gloomy atmosphere still showered with rain, Kyhawn sat against the tree, feeling alone. His eyes drifted toward Shellean, who was down the beach a ways tending to one of the passengers. He sat in thought. She’s one of the new crew. I wonder if she had anything to do with the two murders?
While Kyhawn tried to put the pieces together, lighting cracked the sky. His eyes widen as he was caught off guard by its sudden brightness. It reminded him of a growing tree in the dead of winter. Thunder roared through the heavens. Another lightening bolt ripped threw the sky. This time enabling him to catch a glimpse of the ship only half exposed above the tide. It was like a bad dream. He quickly turned his head the opposite way, away from the others. His eyes glared upon the waves melting into the white sand.
The seconds ticked by like rain moving in slow motion. He looked around for his cabac suddenly realizing he had to leave it in the water. My notes, they’re all in my cabac.... He rubbed his hands over his face as thought he was trying to wake up. He cried out a yet soft but eerie sound that only he could hear. Going back in the water for his cabac was definitely out of the question; he was too worn out. And when he did try to stand, he felt dizzy, so he remained where he was for the moment. While his mind drifted in and out like a tide moving in fast motion. Too fast for him to think straight. If Washburrn did end up falling off the ship like I did, then why didn't he end up somewhere over here? Maybe he did end up leaving in one of the other lifeboats on the other side of the ship. That might explain why he isn't anywhere around here, and what about the chest?
When Kyhawn looked at the group he could see others much worse off then he. Not yet ready to face the reality of it he quickly turned the away. What is that? I wonder if that’s someone in need of help? He thought as his eye’s fixated on a silhouette shape resting on the beach, alone, in the darkness. He pressed his arm against the tree, feeling pain in his elbow, he got to his feet.
Hesitated by the thought of it being Washburrn’s body, he verge upon the haunting object realizing it was only busted boards tangled in seaweed and a blanket that had washed ashore. A doom reminder of what had recently taken place.
A cold chill rushed through his entire body. With the wind and rain in his face, he turned towards the others on the beach near the trees. The view reminded him of misplaced dominoes  resting randomly, waiting to be pampered, and then neatly placed on a shelf.
Kyhawn started to see specks of light appear before him. Not sure what this meant, he tried to grab them. He began to loose his balance, his arms out to his sides. He felt dizzy. The colors of the night began to slowly turn to deeper shades of grayish-blues. Feeling nauseous as he neared the tree; he fell against it, then with his back facing the tree he slowly slid down onto the ground and closed his eyes.

*                  *                  *

This cool, wet autumn night, as Kyhawn slept under a large tree alone, lost in his dreams. And where the sand gave way to a tropical like environment, the other survivors who were conscious wondered about the fate of friends and loved ones. They gave to each other what comfort they could, hoping others might have landed safely elsewhere. A timepiece on a chain hung from the pocket of an unconscious survivor; it read four a.m.
Was it luck or fate, or was it the island that had caused the Sealander to wreck in the first place? No one knew for sure. One thing did seem quite clear. They were marooned on a rainbow shaped beach blanketed in white sand that seemed to stand alone in the cool and dark morning still controlled by the influences of the night. And as all nights must come to an end, this night was no exception.
Early the next day, a search party discovered three stone dwellings not far from the beach. While many of them were thankful for the shelter, some of the wealthy passengers did nothing but complain about ‘unfit lodging’ as they attempted to move themselves in. When Alil carried a crate of supplies behind the complaining passengers, she thought about giving them a talk on being grateful, but then felt it would only be a waste of her time.
Tired from the lack of sleep, she set the crate down, adjusted her long black ponytail, and then stared to her left at two stone dwellings. They stood side by side only a few feet apart with a large tree growing out in front between then. Though they were in poor condition they would serve as home for the time being. To her right the third dwelling seemed to be in much better condition. It was where they were housing the sick and wounded. Why were many of the passengers so unthankful? Were they too ignorant to realize that the mother of all oceans, the Zacton, had spared their lives? She thanked Goducess in her own way, and did her best to keep a positive attitude as she pitched in and helped the others gather firewood, which fortunately was abundant. Before the hour was out, the three stone fire-pits in the center of their new camp were aflame. With the sun shining and the fires going, a tiny bit more hope seemed to spread out among many of them.
Shellean, the ship’s nurse that Kyhawn had previously noticed aboard ship, approached him as he lay quietly asleep. She tapped his lower leg. “How are we doing today?”
Kyhawn opened his large brown eyes to find a beautiful light blue female standing over him. She was almost the color of the sky on a sun shiny day. Her dark hair was rolled up in a ball and held together with a hairpin. He gave her a look full of questions and pain.
“I was beginning to think your wounds were worse than they seemed,” she said as she touched his forehead.
Kyhawn eased her hand away. “I was dreaming about …” he stopped. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter.” He felt bandages wrapped around his forehead. “Where’s Washburrn?” He sat up. “And where’s my cabac? It’s the black one.” He looked around at the other beds in the long narrow cabin, then above him where light was coming in through small holes in the ceiling, which was made from large wooden beams covered with branches and large leaves. Finally he looked at himself. “Where are my clothes? And where am I?”
Shellean gently placed her hand over his mouth. “The lifeboat you were in ran into rocks near the beach last night. You hit your head. That’s why you should rest for now.” She gave him a cup of water. “We made it here, but according to Dylc, there shouldn’t be any landforms anywhere near these waters.” She reached under the cot and picked up his garments. “These are dry now. But as for your cabac, I can’t say. And I’m sorry to tell you, Washburrn is missing, along with many others.”
Kyhawn, somewhat dazed and confused, dipped his fingers in the cup of water and rubbed his face, like trying to wake up from a bad dream. But after drinking the rest of it, he felt somewhat refreshed. “Where are we did you say?”
 “From what I’ve been told,” Shellean slightly smiled watching his every move, “an island. And there doesn’t seem to be anyone else here but us.”
Kyhawn slung his blanket aside and sat on the edge of the cot.
“Don’t be in such a rush.” She gave him a hand.
“I’m quite capable of standing on my own, thank you.”
Shellean stepped back, looking over his tell slim silverish blue body as if examining him for other needs. He gave her a suspicious look as he started to put on his trousers.
She remained at his side. “You’ve been sleeping since we found you last night. We’ve discovered a lot since then. The Captain’s here.” She pointed toward another cot. “But he’s not well.” She looked at Kyhawn compassionately. “How’s your arm?”
“Hurts a bit, but I don’t remember bandaging it, or my forehead.”
“That’s because I did it hours ago.”
“Oh … then I guess I owe you a thanks.”
“I was glad to help.” She smiled at him. “However, you look a bit pale. Could you stick out your tongue for me?”
“Stick out my tongue? I guess so,” he said. When he stretched it out, it touched the tip of his chin.
She studied it closely. “It’s a bit swollen, and a little short too. From the looks of this small gash, I’d say you bit it.”
“Feels like I did.” Kyhawn eased away from her and peeled off his bandages from his forehead. “These are too uncomfortable,” he said as he slipped on his shirt.
“It’s your head.” She turned her own from side to side as she put on an artificial smile. “I sure hope you didn’t lose that fancy chest,” she whispered. “I heard it was valuable. Did you hide it somewhere before you came ashore last night? Or maybe Washburrn’s hiding it somewhere. Maybe that’s why we can’t find him.”
Kyhawn rubbed his chin. “You’re a new crew-Zac, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I am. Why do you ask?”
“Nothing. It’s nothing.” Kyhawn pondered his own words staring at her intensely as though he was trying to read her intentions.
“If you don’t mind, I wish you wouldn’t stare at me that way.”
“What way?”
Shellean glanced at another wounded passenger who was asking for her attention. She turned to him, but looked back over her shoulder at Kyhawn. “When you’re feeling better, we’d appreciate some help. By the way, you didn’t have any boots on when we found you.” She pointed at a pair lying by the bed. “You can have those. The soldier who used to own them won’t need them anymore.”
Kyhawn leaned over to slip on his new leather boots. He must be dead, he thought. He felt sorry for the soldier, but at the same time he was thankful to be alive. He tightened his facial muscles in pain. I must have hit my head on something hard. He felt a bump on his head with one hand as he reached for his empty cup with the other. I need some water and some fruit juice.
He found a bucket of water set off to one side of the long narrow cabin. He still felt he was just getting up from a nightmare. He scooped some water up and splashed it on his face.  That felt good, he thought as he looked around for some fruit juice. Although he located a small room where supplies were being stored, no fruit juice jug was around, so he settled for another cup of water. After adjusting his new boots, he went to the fireplace on the wall opposite the beds. And while tending the fire he remembered falling overboard and loosing his things in the water and Alil saving him.
A small branch clustered with familiar leaves hung off to one side of the fireplace. Kyhawn leaned close to smell them. Mint leaves, he thought as he picked a few and ate them.
As the fire was now blazing again, he slowly headed for the doorway at the far end of the cabin, looking sadly at the sick and wounded Zacs.
“You’ll need a cloak … or a coat if you like, but if you’re going out there you’ll need one or the other,” Shellean said as she went over to a stack of garments and held out a hooded coat. “Let me give you a hand.”
Alil pulled aside the blanket draping the doorway and came in carrying a stack of towels.
Kyhawn gave Shellean a harsh look. “I can dress myself, thank you.” He turned to Alil and gave her a generous hug.
“Well by golly, if it isn’t young Master Kyhawn. We were starting to wonder about you.” Alil’s gaze followed Shellean as the nurse walked away. “What’s your problem with her?”
He leaned close and whispered, “She’s a new crew-Zac, and she’s been asking me too many questions about … that chest. I don’t trust her.”
Alil nodded as she laid the stack of towels in an empty wooden crate.
Kyhawn held his arms out in front of Alil. “I don’t know how to thank you for saving my life.” He bowed his head. “I’m indebted to you.”
Alil placed a hand on his shoulder. “Whenever you’re up to it, we can use an extra hand. Come with me—I’ll show you around.”
“Have you seen Washburrn, my cabac, or that peg-lock chest we were guarding?” Kyhawn asked eagerly.
Alil lowered her head as they went outside and around the corner. “We don’t know what happened to Washburrn. Others are missing also.” She placed a hand on his shoulder again. “We did send out another search party a few hours ago, but they haven’t returned.”
As they stood in the center of camp next to a fire-pit, Kyhawn felt something eerie in the air. He did his best to shake off the thought as he looked at Alil, appreciating her strong sense of compassion and hope.
Alil pointed to their far left. “That cabin over there is being used for cooking and showering. We’re repairing the roofs and doors on all three cabins. As you can see, there are plenty of trees and plant life all around us. Some I’ve never seen before. You might want to be careful though and not venture off too far.”
Kyhawn’s thoughts drifted as Alil continued to take him around. Could the knives in my dreams be related to the shipwreck? And this place appearing from nowhere—could this be where we disappeared? A large window stood on the water. We traveled through it. Now we’re here, somewhere … a chill went through his entire body. On an island that shouldn’t be?
At the largest cabin next to the kitchen cabin, a passenger and a crew-Zac were busy minding the door. Alil pointed inside. “As you can see, we have plenty of sleeping space in here, and a nice fireplace to keep us warm.” She turned to him. “Kyhawn, the cabin we’re using to house the sick and wounded obviously was also used for a medic cabin sometime in the past. Strange, but considering our situation, we couldn’t ask for more.” She turned and faced the fire-pits. “What’s even stranger is the graveyard. It’s not too far from here, over there,” she pointed to her far left, “near the foot of the mountain.” They wandered over to the large tree between the sleeping and kitchen cabins.
“The Sealander—is it still afloat?” Kyhawn possessed a look of hope. “If it is, then Washburrn and others might be on board—hurt and in need of our help.”
“We’re getting ready to take a group of us out there. If you’re up to it...?” Her look was one of sadness. “We’re not sure what we’re going to find, but we’re leaving soon. Willow and Gelhona are missing too.”
“I’m well enough,”
She wiped a tear from her cheek, and looked across the fire-pits at the medic cabin. “We’re going out to the Sealander after we eat, which will be soon.” She paused.  “I want to look in on Captain Joenf and Aestasol. Aestasol’s folks asked me to keep an eye on him. If anything bad was to happen to him, I’d feel awful.”
“He was sleeping when I saw him last. Is he hurt bad?” Kyhawn asked.
“Not bad,” she replied. “I think he needed rest more then anything else. This is his first time out at sea as well. And I don’t think he slept well aboard ship. You know… getting use to the swaying and all.” Alil began to hurry across camp.
“Alil, come back. I need to tell you something. It’s important.”
On her return Kyhawn and her went to the far side of camp to one side of the sleeping cabin, and he told her what had happened while he was in room 10 searching for clues. “You say Nelg might have been one of them who murdered Korts and Turner?” She patted the young detectives shoulder, “Dylc and I sent him in there to see if I had left my uniform scarf in there. You can put you fears to rest.”
“But what about the chain and him talking about loosing something. It had gotten ripped off.” Kyhawn pleaded as if he wanted Nelg to be found guilty, just because he was a new crew-Zac.
“Kyhawn… you’ve been through a lot. We all have. It is possible he was friends with Korts and Turner. And had been in the room sometime prier to the incident.” She gave him a compassion look. “As far the necklace you found. It could have been there long before we ever took this cruise.” She patted his shoulder again. “I’ve got things to do.”
Kyhawn noted the uniform scarf about her neck. “I see he found you scarf.”
“Yes.” She gave him a respectful nod, and hurried across camp.
Kyhawn thought for a moment, perhaps she’s correct. Maybe I am over analyzing it. He was sent there by Dylc and her.  His gaze drifted toward the mountain, which was covered with trees and all sorts of other plant life. A few dragonflies flew into the sky as if startled by something or someone. Kyhawn was amazed at how large they were. They must be almost two feet long. Suddenly a flame burst in front of him. Zeal jumped back from the fire-pit. “Too much lamp oil,” he muttered.
When the flame settled, Gelhona stood behind the fire-pit with her back to the mountain.
Kyhawn’s eyes widened. “Gelhona, is Washburrn with you?”
But Gelhona didn’t seem to hear him as she ran up to Zeal with her arms out, crying as she embraced him. “Look at this place! Last night we stayed in some ruins on the mountaintop. All we had to eat were these horrible tasting dragonflies. This place seems to be one big island.”
Zeal twitched his lips as if he didn’t know what to say. He was stocky and handsome in a rough sort of way, middle-aged with silverish-blue skin, and shoulder length brown wavy hair. He gave her another hug as he welcomed her to camp, “Is Willow with you?”
She slowly answered, “No.”
A wonder of sadness in his eyes, Zeal look on at those who were with her. The camp stirred with commotion over the new arrivals. Kyhawn stared behind Gelhona. After what seemed like forever, he saw a familiar face. “Washburrn—it’s you!” he cried out, running up to embrace him.
Washburrn managed a pat on Kyhawn’s shoulder, then backed away somewhat awkwardly “It’s good to see you.” He slung a black cabac from his shoulder and gave it to Kyhawn. “I do believe this is yours.”
“My cabac.” Kyhawn held it close. “Where did you find it?”
“Just be thankful I did,” Washburrn said with a slight smile. “You look a bit battered.”
“It’s nothing,” Kyhawn said as he touched the bandage around his arm and looked at Washburrn, grateful the older Zac was alive.
“Mealtime!” Darhcir clanged a pan using a large wooden spoon. Although he was also a new crew-Zac, he soon proved himself to be a jolly old seafarer as they gathered around the fire-pits and traded stories while eating the mornings meal.
Kyhawn looked with awe at Washburrn. “Tell us, where did you come ashore? I mean, how did you guys end up on that mountain? I was afraid you’d been crushed by that mast or drowned.” He handed his mentor a cup of fruit juice to wash down a boiled egg he had just ate.
Washburrn took a sip. “I’m not sure how I ended up there.” He paused and gave Kyhawn a thin smile. “Some coffee would taste good right about now.”
Kyhawn went to get him a cup of coffee, not wanting to miss out on the story, he quickly returned.
“Thanks,” Washburrn said as he took a drink, looking more satisfied.
Kyhawn leaned forward and stared at him with impatient eyes.
“Well,” Washburrn began, “I was thrown overboard. I swam until I sighted land, then came ashore on the far side of the mountain from here. And feel darn lucky to be alive?” He handed a cup of water to Gelhona.
Kyhawn handed him a dried spider leg as though serving a king.
Gelhona finished off the water and looked at everyone. “We were stuck in a cove close to where Washburrn beached. There wasn’t any place to land, only steep cliffs and waterfalls. But we heard Washburrn’s voice, and when we followed it, he led us to a narrow beach, and … here we are.” She threw her arm around him with a squeeze.
Washburrn returned the embrace modestly. “There’s a ruined city up there where we tried to camp out. When day broke, we couldn’t see the ship, so we figured it had sunk. At least until we reached a wide path at the top and could see it. That’s when we decided to follow the path down this mountain and ended up here. If you haven’t found it yet, there’s a small lake and waterfall not far from here. All the fresh water we can drink. And I must say, these buildings don’t appear too shabby.”
Washburrn looked across at Dylc “Apparently we drifted way off course.”
Dylc’s silverish-blue face turned a deeper shade of blue. He was a handsome and tall Zac with short graying hair, sideburns, and a mustache. Now in charge of things, he stiffened with anger and glared at Washburrn. “I’m getting sick and tired of you all criticizing the Captain. And you, Washburrn—I never did like your ways of doing things.” He got to his feet and stood over Washburrn, ready to fight. “Before the storm we were on course, by the book.”
Washburrn got to his feet. “Then how do you explain this island being here?”
“The Captain’s an excellent navigator.” Dylc shoved Washburrn back a few feet. “We couldn’t have gone off course much. Heck, we’re in the middle of the Zacton Ocean. We sailed these waters last month. There shouldn’t be any islands out here anywhere.”
Alil got between them before Washburrn had a chance to respond. “When you think about it, it doesn’t make any sense.” She stared at Washburrn. “You know Captain Joenf’s an excellent navigator.”
Everyone was silent as they wondered about where they had been shipwrecked.
Gelhona raised her head and looked at Dylc with an odd expression. “The Captain, is he …?”
“He’s not well,” Kyhawn responded. “He’s been unconscious ever since the ship wrecked.”
“He has a broken leg.” Dylc twisted the ends of his mustache, then took a seat on the opposite side of the group away from Washburrn. “It’s not a bad break, but he also has a nasty head wound.”
Alil lowered her head, looking at the dirt in front of her torn boots. Grief filled her thoughts as she placed her dirty dishes in a large barrel of water, then gazed into the flames.
Gelhona got to her feet and loosened her belt, almost acting proud of her extra weight. “Cliffs … there were cliffs everywhere. There was this dreadful waterfall too. It almost took us under. Luckily Washburrn came to our rescue.” Her voice increased with tension. “We might have been killed! Why are we here? We should be well on our way to Adrolf!” She shook a fist at the sky, as if she was cursing the Gods, then cupped her hands over her face and began to cry.
“Now hold on, Gelhona. We’re going to survive this mess.” Washburrn held her in his arms. “Another ship will be passing by soon enough.” He handed her his scarf and his cup of coffee as he looked steadily into her bloodshot eyes. “Remember we have to be strong for the passengers.”
Alil went to her and murmured, “Be strong, Gelhona.”
Washburrn glanced at Kyhawn, went to the water barrel, dropped his dirty dishes in it, then motioned for Kyhawn to follow him toward the kitchen cabin. “The chest—we lost the chest, didn’t we?” Kyhawn whispered as they stood outside the door.
“Except for the water that seeped in, it’s in good shape—and well hidden.” Washburrn peered around to see if anyone was near. “I’ll tell you more about it later. For now, let’s go inside.”
Kyhawn continued eagerly. “But I thought it was watertight. Anyway, does anyone else know it’s safe?”
“No, but to answer your first question, I believe you must have been frantic when you tried to repositioned those pegs. I don’t think it was completely sealed. More importantly, has anyone found Emit?”
“From what I was told … I’m afraid not. Look here,” Kyhawn said as he pulled on a rope attached to a water trough, which enabled them to have rainwater for drinking or to take showers. “I bet it stays full the way it rains around here.” He chuckled as water poured from the spout.
Washburrn nodded. “Should come in handy.” He turned to look around. “A stone fireplace for cooking. This should come in handy too,” he said, but then his joyful expression turned troubled. “There’s something else I feel I need to tell you.”
“We’re heading back out to the Sealander here in a few minutes.”
“The Sealander… terrific,” Washburrn said as he reached for the water bucket to get a drink. “We’ll need to. You going?”
“Yes.”
Washburrn nodded with eagerness , “Good deal. I’ll be going too. But first let me tell you this.”
“Okay. I’m lessening.”
“Two others were with me when I first came ashore. One was a male passenger, a real nice Zac, trust worthy he was. The other was a soldier of the King’s army. And going by the odds on him, well… he was one to be trusted too.” Washburrn washed his hands and face, then pulled a leaf from a mint branch draped over a fishing line. He used it to scrub his teeth, “Well, it was the strangest thing. We decided to bury the chest.” He briefly looked at himself in a small mirror hanging beside the mint leaves and ran his fingers through his thinning hair. “While they went in one direction to find a good location, I decided to look elsewhere. I left them standing and talking next to a big old tree near the foot of the mountain. But when I came back after finding a spot, they were gone.”
He scratched his whiskers, glancing out the door to see if the group was ready to head out for the Sealander. “I called for them, but when I didn’t get an answer, I went over to that tree. This is where it gets… odd.”
Kyhawn stared at him with a look of wonder. “And …”
“Well, in front of that tree, I picked up a shoe. I remembered the passenger with me was wearing identical ones. That’s when the tree’s roots started to move.”
“You mean the tree was coming after you?”
Washburrn ran his fingers through hair. “I didn’t stay around to find out.” He paused. “I buried the chest near some boulders after that and moved on. It’s located on the far side of this island at the foot of the mountain. Not the back side where the waterfalls are, but on the far side, over that way,” he pointed behind the kitchen and sleeping cabins. “From here, the quickest way is through a graveyard. Did I tell you about the graveyard?”
“I’ve heard all about the graveyard. Please go on—what happened next?”
“That was about it.” Washburrn gave him another thin smile. “Sounds worse than one of your dreams,” he said as he reached for a towel and patted his face. “Did it really happen? I had to ask myself. I don’t know. It was a barmy night.” He shook his head in disbelief. “Let’s keep this between us, at least for the time being.”
“Of course, but what if it did happen? We could all be in danger.” Kyhawn sighed, then slowly looked at him. “Have you seen those two Zacs in camp, the two that were helping you?”
“No. I wouldn’t be telling you this if I did.”
“Sorry. That was wrong of me to make such a statement.”
“It’s quite alright.” Washburrn paused. “But moving tree roots that eat flesh and bone? Perhaps a wild animal got them.” He paused.  “You can be sure, I’ll at least report to Alil and Dylc that the two Zacs I came to shore with … did indeed make it to shore.”
 Kyhawn nodded in agreement. “You know… could be pirates got them, or a wild creature.”
“Pirates…?” Washburrn nodded as if he wasn’t sure what to make of that statement. “At least the chest was far enough away from that old tree not to be seen by anyone.” He patted Kyhawn’s shoulder, “Nevertheless, odds are that chest is safe for now.” He moved toward the door. “It appears they’re ready to make that trip to the beach,” he said adding. “It starting to rain.”
Kyhawn leaned against the fireplace rubbing his chin as though in thought.
“What is it?” his mentor asked.
Kyhawn went on to tell him about the room 10 incident with Nelg. Washburrn gave him a thin smile. “You can be sure that if Dylc and Alil sent him there, and he did retrieve Alil’s uniform scarf. And the fact that he might have every well known Korts and Turner,” he touched the younger Zac’s shoulder, then went for the door. “Odds are he’s innocent, but we’ll keep and I on him. I might even ask him a few questions about it.”
As they departed the cabin Washburrn turned to Kyhawn, “Let me deal with it.”
Kyhawn nodded with respect to his wishes, and with his cabac over his shoulder, he looked at all those sitting around the center of camp. “As you can see, some of the new crew-Zacs are here, but I was told we buried two of them. And Emit wasn’t one of them. Not sure what happened to him. However, I wouldn’t trust any of them if I were you.  Not even Darhcir, nor that nurse, Shellean.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Washburrn said as they passed by a few Ooweds and pet caterpillars that had survived. “But Darhcir is our main cook. He might be a bit barmy himself, but I don’t think we need to concern ourselves about him.”
Alil appeared in front of them. “Washburrn, the Captain woke up with a terrible fever. Come quick!” She motioned toward the medic cabin.
Washburrn and Kyhawn hurried alongside her. “With this wet weather, it’s a wonder we’re not all sick,” Alil noted. “We’re going to try and speed up our rescue by getting a bonfire going soon, near the beach where we landed. There’s a clearing just up from the sand. Be easy for a passing ship to spot. Hopefully we’ll also have this camp in good shape by then.”
Krow, one of the new crew-Zacs, saw them coming and pulled the blanket over the doorway aside, then stepped back to let them pass. They found Shellean and Dylc at the captain’s bedside.
Dylc looked at them with deep concern. “The Captain and some of the others are going to die if we don’t take some lifeboats back out to the Sealander and retrieve the lucown medicine.”
Shellean lowered her head in sorrow as Malnur, a homely and nervous Zac who served as the only other nurse came over. “We salvaged plenty of bandages, sleeping powder, and a few more things we need, but none of the herbal medicines. The lucown is going to be difficult to reach. The entire stern is underwater. It’s in the glass cabinet in the medic quarters. But if we don’t have it soon .…”
Shellean held up a finger to her lips. “They know. The Captain’s fever is severe, but his head wound is what bothers us.” She wiped her patient’s forehead with a wet cloth. “However, there’s also some type of flu going around.”
“The place was flooded. It was pouring rain,” Alil glanced around at the others, then peered at down at the captain as though he was conscious. “The Sealander was sinking fast. We were in a hurry to grab whatever we could get our hands on. And all of those poor soldiers. They were trapped in the lower sleeping quarter deck, and we couldn’t save them.” With tears in her eyes she wrapped her arms around Washburrn.
“We know how you feel.” He patted her shoulder with an embrace.
No one said a word as they took in Alil’s feelings, relating them to their own feelings.
Washburrn glanced at Captain Joenf, then at Dylc, questioning whether he was fit to be in charge. “What are we waiting for then? Let’s get out there before she decides to slip off those rocks into the ocean and disappears for good.”
“There’s something else I think you should know,” Shellean offered. All eyes were upon her as she patted the captain’s forehead again with the damp cloth. “He mumbled a few words about Emit. Said he’d kill him before he’d let him take the chest.” She dropped the cloth in a bowl of water next to the captain’s bed. “I got the impression they’d fought, but I can’t tell you if Emit survived. We couldn’t ask the Captain to explain because he started raging and swinging his fists. Krow, Malnur, and I had to hold him down.”
“Tuenale and I were there. They had been fighting. But it was near the end of the fight before we arrived,” Dylc renounced. “That’s all I can tell you.” he glance around at them. “I couldn’t even say how Joenf ended up in this condition. He said he was going to be alright. I was needed elsewhere… and that’s the last I seen of him.” His head low. He felt he had abandoned his good friend and commander.
“What about Emit?” Washburrn questioned.
“Last I seen of Emit, he was out cold on the main deck.”
A sudden tremor rocked the ground beneath them. “Did you feel that?” Kyhawn stood against the fireplace wall to steady himself. They stared at each other, not sure what to expect next.
“The ship!” Washburrn looked alarmed.
“The lucown!” Shellean pointed toward the door. “We need it and those other herbs.”
While Alil remained in camp taking charge of things, Dylc, Jayden, Tobben, Zeal, Aestasol, and others including Treb and his son Bekim headed for the Sealander with Washburrn and Kyhawn trailing behind.
Kyhawn quickly returned to the medic cabin and dropped off his cabac in the small room at the end of the cabin. As he departed he tightened the straps on his coat to help keep the wind and rain out. He positioned himself next to Washburrn as they continued to trail behind. “Washburrn, has Shellean been asking you about the chest?” he whispered.
“No.” Washburrn raised an eyebrow. “Why do you ask?”
“I don’t trust her. She’s had way too many questions for me about it.”
Washburrn chuckled, clapping his younger friend’s shoulder, “I don’t think it’s the chest she’s after.”
“What do you mean?”
“Do I have to spell it out? She’s after you. She likes you.”
Kyhawn paused. “I don’t mean any disrespect, but I think you’re wrong. Anyway, I don’t trust her.”
“I’ve seen the way she looks at you.” Washburrn sneezed. “Have it your way.”
“Sounds like you could use some of that lucown.”
The older Zac nodded. “Let’s hope it hasn’t been tainted by seawater.” He pulled his handkerchief from his pocket. “By the way, whether Emit is alive or dead, it’s possible some of the passengers are in on this too.”
“Why do you think that?”
“Curse these tremors. I can still feel them.” Washburrn said as he glanced at Kyhawn. “I’ve got a bad feeling something bigger is going on here that involves the chest. And you might be right about some of the new members of the crew.”
Kyhawn nodded with a puzzled look, then stared out at the small trees bending with the wind. “Looks like we’re in for another storm.”
“At least the rain has stopped. Hopefully it holds off until our return. But as far as the peg-lock chest is concerned, our bigger problem right now is not being sure who we can trust.”
“What about that server—Luxton? You said you knew him. He made it here with us.”
Washburrn looked uncertain. “Hard to tell where we met.” He stopped off to one side of the well-beaten path as they neared the lifeboats. “I’ve run across too many Zacs in my day to remember them all. But we don’t have any evidence connecting him to Emit or the chest.” His expression lightened. “Nevertheless, there’s one fact we have established about him.”
“What’s that?”
“He might make a good dishwasher, but he’s an awful server.”
A smile replaced Kyhawn’s discouraged look.
“Dylc,” Washburrn called out. “The lifeboats?”
“We don’t need the lifeboats. The Sealander’s hung up on a mess of sharp rocks,” Dylc reported in a tone of voice as if the X-detective should have already known. As he and the others with him drew near the natural arch closest to the Sealander, Washburrn and Kyhawn followed.
The Sealander was clinging to the sharp rocks, over three-hundred feet from shore, And lucky for them the tide was low enabling them to walk out to it and climb aboard. But they could feel the ground slightly shaking again.
Bekim shouted in a voice consumed by fear, “Snakes—big snakes!”
The Sealander started to rock back and forth. At first they thought it was from the tremors, but they quickly realized Bekim hadn’t been exaggerating. Strange snake-like creatures arched over the remains of the railing and started ripping at the ship, trying to pull it under.
They fired their pistols at the large sea creatures. But as one slipped into the darkness of the water, two more appeared to take its place.
“I’ve never in all my born days seen snakes that large,” Treb told them. He took hold of his son. “Bekim. We’re staying put.”
Washburrn took Kyhawn by the arm. He looked around at the others. “We need that medicine. We’re going to be on the rocks. They won’t be able to reach us from the rocks. And once we’re aboard we’ll be safe enough.”
With words of encouragement from Washburrn, Kyhawn along with Zeal, Tobben, Aestasol, and Tailk along with crew-Zac Shya, on of the King’s soldier, got up the courage to join him in venturing out over the sharp rocks. As they fought to keep their balance, they soon found that the rocks weren’t so sharp after all, at least the rock above the water.
Dylc, along with those who had pistols, fired them at the eerie sea creatures. “You fools!” Dylc called out. “You’ll be killed. Get back here right away!”
By the time they neared the Sealander, it had started to rain. The ship settled as the sea snakes vanished into the dark depths of the ocean.
“We must have frightened them.” Tobben smiled.
“Our pistols aren’t going to do us much good in the rain,” Washburrn said as he slipped his back in its holster under his cloak. “Dylc.” He shouted from the rocks. “We need the rest of you. This will most likely be our last chance to retrieve other well needed supplies. We are not enough,” he stressed. “We need your help. And survivors. There could be survivors in need of our help.”
Washburrn nudged Kyhawn’s arm. “These rocks aren’t so bad. Ben water worn for the most part.”
“Not too slick either,” Kyhawn said as he scuffed his boot over a wide domed shaped rock beneath his feet.
“We better hurry. Between those sea snakes and the tremors, I doubt we have much time to find survivors, retrieve supplies, and save the medicine before the Sealander breaks loose from these rocks and sinks.” He slipped his hood over his head and they pressed onward. And knowing this would be a good time to say a prayer, he wished he had believed in the Gods, but for personal reasons, he didn’t. Three grappling-hocks were tossed over the bow; attached to knotted ropes followed by eager climbers. Aestasol was the first to jump onto the main deck; followed by Zeal and Tobben. By this time Dylc had convinced himself that his group were needed. “No sign of the sea snakes,” Dylc said, as he led his group out on to the rocky reef which stretched out in to the water over 300 feet before vanishing beneath the water. With their weapons ready they climbed the rocks and began their journey out onto the ship. Washburrn and his group were pleased to see them coming.
Washburrn, Kyhawn, Shya, and those with them waited for the ones topside to drop a ladder net down to them. Moments later “Look out below,” Zeal called out, as the net was dropped. Somewhat tangled, the ones below managed to straighten it out and secure it to the heavy rocks at their feet.
By the time Washburrn and Kyhawn, and those with them had cautiously climbed aboard the slanted deck., Dylc and his group had arrived. Kyhawn peered over the railing still in tack. There was over fifteen feet from him and Dylc’s group. A bit dizzy from the view, he stood straight. Took in a deep breath as the rain continued to fall. Despite his fear of heights, he stood by to give a helping hand if needed.
As the last of them reached for a helping hand, Kyhawn reached over and gave Jayden a hand over the railing. Zeal and Tobben grabbed the new crew-Zac’s shoulders securing his safe effort aboard.
The nine of them now stood aboard the main deck’s bow. Shortly after they split up into three groups and began to search the ship for bodies, survivors, and supplies.
Along with Zeal, Dylc and Shya, Kyhawn didn’t waste any time running over to where the mast had fallen. When Kyhawn saw what appeared to be a body sticking out from under the large mast he slowed down while the others passed him by.
At the same time the morning sun obscured by clouds cast a dark shadow over one side of the mast where the mangled body laid. Zeal pulled the hood away from the zacs head. “It’s Willow.” He leaned forward, his head lying against his dear friend’s head. “Get this damn thing off of him!” Zeal struggled to pick up the mast. The others did their best to assist, but it was too heavy so they called the rest of the boarding party over to give them a hand. Eventually they picked up the mast enough to pull his limp body out from under it. Zeal kneeled beside Willow and touched his face as if he was still alive. “Why…?” he cried.  The rain concealed the tears, but his expression was obvious.
“We can lay his body over there under the walkway for now.” Dylc kneeled beside him. “He was one of our best.” He gently places his arm around Zeal. “We need your help. Willow would understand. We’ll give him a respectful burial.”
Though Kyhawn wasn’t close to Willow, he also felt the pain, along with all who knew the well trusted crew-Zac.
“Jayden, why don’t you, and you two,” Dylc asked, “what are your names?”
“I’m Treb. This here’s my son Bekim.”
“Why don’t you, Treb and Bekim, go with Jayden and round up all the blankets you can find.” Dylc glanced at what was left of Willow. “We’ll need some of them to cover Willow and any others… we find. The rest we’ll need for ourselves.”
In the meantime Kyhawn and Shya, a slim silverish-blue handsome female, went in searched for Emit. While Dylc, Washburrn and those with them started for the dining area. With no luck in finding any signs of Emit, Shya captured Kyhawn’s attention and pointed at the landform that seemed to stretch for a few miles in both directions, with a peak of over five hundred feet. “Emit could be out there anywhere,” She said, picking up a misplaced pistol. She placed it between her belt and trousers.
Crew-Zac Tuenale came rushing from around the corner next to sleeping room #2.”Come quick! We need your help!” He gestured for them to hurry. “They’ve found more bodies below.”
On entering the double doors and passing through the lobby, Kyhawn noted the fancy staircase was two-thirds of the way under water. His expression was one of disbelief.
“Cogging storm. Feels like it’s picking up again!” Dylc set a crate of food on the stairs.
“Kyhawn, give me a hand with this body.”
Kyhawn, nauseated, looked down at the body.
“Come now lad.” Dylc wrapped his arms around the unfortunate female body.
“Are we putting her next to Willow?” Kyhawn grabbed her feet, feeling sick, and weak to his knees.
Dylc nodded with a blank expression. “We are.”
“How many do you think their are sir?”
Dylc turned his head slowly from side to side. “Don’t know for sure. Try not to think about it. Keep busy. That’s what I do…so I don’t have to think about it.”
After Kyhawn and Dylc walked back in, Jayden and Shya were caring another body topside. Tuenale held the door open while they passed.
While inside the flooded dining room, Zeal came swimming to the staircase from the kitchen with a large crate. “There’s plenty more food in there we can salvage, but no survivors, or bodies.” He pushed the crate up to Kyhawn.
“Keep them coming,” Dylc ordered, feeling somewhat overwhelmed. He was able to hide his sadness, but anger dominated his manners. “Where’s that other passenger?” he growled.
Jayden answered as Shya and he were walking down the stairs. “If you’re talking about Tailk, he swam back into the crews sleeping quarters.”
Dylc looked in the direction of the sleeping quarters carrying a crate of food. The sleeping rooms were completely underwater.
“I’ll take that crate,” Jayden spoke with concern, “to the main deck, sir.”
“It’s heavy,” Dylc said handing the younger crew-Zac the crate. He then lit another lamp. “Kyhawn, Shya… Please—swim down into the entertainment room. I want to make sure on ones in there before we finish up here.”
The time passed. After finding a few more bodies and more supplies, Zeal swam near the staircase and pushed another crate of supplies up to Dylc.
“These are the last of the crates.”  Zeal’s feet touched the staircase. “What I have here, and the ones they have.” His arms full, he threw his head back as though pointing. He looked at Tuenale, and handed him a crate, thinking about the large sea snakes. He stood on the stair in about two feet of water thankful he didn’t run into any of them.
Treb and Bekim had just came in from gathering up blankets and towels. While they had left most of them on the main deck, Treb and Bekim brought a few towels down with them. Treb threw Zeal a towel. About the same time Tailk swam in from the crews sleeping quarters, ascended the stairs and shook off some of the wetness.
“This should help.” Bekim handed him a towel. He was thankful he didn’t have to go in the water.
Dylc took a good look at Tailk and curiously asked. “What took you so long back there? I was getting ready to send a search party after you.”
“I almost drowned—that’s what took so long!” Tailk answered in a tone of anger. “When I was under water, a damn bed caught my leg. Luckily I was able to move it!”
“You okay?” Dylc looked at his legs.
Tailk, a tall stocky rough looking, wealthy ship builder, bitterly answered. “A bruise or two. I thought I’d been taken by one of those sea serpents at first.”
Tuenale looked at the ship builder, “We’ve all been a bit concerned about them, but what do you have there?”
With one bad eye and an earring, Tailk answered as he ran his finger over the scare under his bad eye. “Some weapons, could come in handy once they’re dried and cleaned. Didn’t find any bodies. Couldn’t go back too far. Too dangerous. If there’s anyone or anything down there…” he lowered his head in respect. “they’re gone for sure.”
Washburrn drew near Dylc. “Some of the King’s soldiers where down there.”
“Yes. I was a where of it,” Dylc frowned with a sigh. “Take these over with the other supplies,” Dylc shoved them at Washburrn, “and get the rest of the food and dinnerware up here. Make it quick! We have dire need of that medicine before she decides to slip off the rocks.”
Kyhawn and a few others came swimming in with the last of the supplies from the kitchen. Kyhawn’s feet landed firmly on the staircase carrying a netted sack of fruit. Along side him, Zeal, who had jumped back in, also carried some netted fruit. While Kyhawn rested on the staircase, Dylc approached Zeal noting the tired and lonesome look on his old friends face. “Let me give you hand with that.” He took the sack of fruit in one hand, and placed his other hand around Zeal’s shoulders. “I’m real sorry for your loose.” Dylc clapped Zeal’s upper arm. “Take a break. Go topside. We’re almost finished here.” His arm slipped away from his old crewmate.
Tailk lowered his head adjusting his eye-patch as Zeal ascended the fancy stairs.
As Kyhawn nodded his head in silence, Treb handed Kyhawn a towel. “Here take this, make it easier to slip your garments back on.”
“I don’t see what good it’s going to do. My garments are already wet, but thanks anyway,” Kyhawn said as he began to dry off.
After everybody but Jayden was accounted for they left the fancy staircase and Captain Joenf’s oil painting collection to the salty seawater.
“At least it’s stopped raining,” Bekim gestured with his hands out.
“From the looks of those clouds, not for long,” Tuenale offered, as the waves continued to gently rock the Sealander.
“Where’s Jayden?” Dylc repeated, as he neared the main deck behind the rest of the group.
“Others from camp are at the nets,” Treb announced.
“Let’s start carrying everything down to them.” Washburrn eagerly suggested, a crate of food in hand.
“Sea serpent—portside!” shouted Tuenale. The strange sea creature gripped the railing as if trying to shake them overboard. A few shouts were fired and the creature vanished as it started to rain again.
Panic field the air as they rushed to unload the bodies and supplies. Their treacherous  chore of lowering the bodies down the nets using ropes with a Zac on each side of a body guiding it down to the ones below had begun. While off to one side the supplies were carried by hand down the netted ladder.
Washburrn looked at Dylc with interest.  “We ready to venture down into the medic cabin? I know I am. ”
“No, but do we have any choice?”
“No.” Washburrn agreed.
Tuenale scratched his long curly dark-brown hair, then wiped off his thick eyeglasses. “I’ll make sure things go well up here while you all are down there.”
Moments later Jayden appeared from around the corner from the far side of the ship near the stern, opposite side where the bodies were being laid out. He passed by sleeping room #10, then continued on toward until he reached room #2 where the remainder of the supplies and bodies lay.
Dylc gave him a look of relief knowing was alright. “I see you’ve gathered more supplies.”
“More blankets.” Jayden coughed, handing Kyhawn the crate of blankets as if he had a terrible sneeze coming on.
Kyhawn gladly took the crate. “You look a bit pale,” he said handing it to Zeal, who handed it down to Shya, who was on the net handing it to Mekon,, who was beneath her.
Dylc went to Bekim who was leaning over the bodies, and crouched next to him.  “The supplies goes first.”
“But sir, with all due respect,” Bekim sighed. “I think we should take the bodies back to shore first.”
“Do you feel that!” Dylc said, as they felt the ship slide a few inches. “If we don’t salvage the supplies we could be the next ones to die.”
“He’s right,” Kyhawn sighed, not wanting to agree with Dylc, but he did know what he was talking about.  Kyhawn gave Bekim a look of sympathy, and continued to help carry supplies over to the bow where they were being carried down to the rocks below, then on to the beach, and back to camp.
Many of the survivors congregated at the beach where they were able claim the bodies of their loved ones; as well, personal belongings.
“Ma’am, you don’t want to see this,” Shanel said to a female Zac with a child walking close to her side. “I don’t think you want your child to see this either.” The mother looked at Shanel, and decided last night had been enough.

*                  *                  *

Aboard ship, the waves were splashing over the stern. A steam stack leaned to the right making a squeaking sound as it slightly swayed from side to side. Kyhawn and those who were taking part in retrieving the lucown powder medicine with him had finely gathered near the stern.
“Come on, Kyhawn.” Aestasol grabbed his arm. “We’re the youngest. We’ll go down and grab the lucown. We’ll have it topside in no time at all.”
Kyhawn wanted to go below, if anything to prove his courage; not so much to them, but to himself. However, he looked to Washburrn for guidance.
“It’s your choice,” Washburrn said. “You did tell me you were an excellent swimmer.”
Kyhawn looked around at the others. From the expressions on their faces, it was obvious none of them were too excited about going into the sunken medic room.
“Are you going or not?” Zeal asked.
They felt another tremor. Washburrn took Kyhawn by the shoulder. “I’ll show you where you need to enter.” He led them to the stern area beneath the second floor walkway. Just around the corner, the door to Room 10 swung open and then closed, but no one seemed to notice.
Soon they found themselves close together standing under the second floor walkway near a fallen mast, which had been hit by lightening just above the height of the walkway deck. While one end of it lay on the walkway still partly attached to the lower section, the other end angled down into the waters near room 10.  Nearby the steam shaft made an eerie screeching sound. The two remaining cables holding it in place—snapped. One of the cables moved like the end of a whip towards them standing under the walkway.
Washburrn and Tailk ducked. But if it hadn’t been for the mast lying in front of them they might had been badly wounded or killed by the heavy metal whip.
The steam shaft slammed onto the deck and rolled off into the ocean. They were frightened , but they knew what they had to do—and quickly.
As the one remaining steam shaft stood alone in the rain, Washburrn took Kyhawn by the shoulder again. “You don’t have to do this.”
Kyhawn eased his arm away. “I know where to go,” he said as he slipped off his boots and stripped down to his shorts again.
Zeal opened the door, which led into the two-story structure and down a spiral staircase. He glanced at Washburrn, then at Kyhawn. “Aestasol knows where the medicine is located.”
Washburrn looked at Kyhawn. “I’d go, but I don’t think my lungs could hold out. Let that be a lesson to you—never start smoking.”
“I wasn’t aware you did.”
“I quit a few years ago. Even though I feel much better now, the effects linger. Now go on. Remain close to Aestasol.”
“I know exactly where the cabinet with the dome-shaped top is mounted,” Aestasol said as he handed his outer garments to Tailk exposing his silverish-blue body.
Nervously Kyhawn crouched and strapped his dagger to his leg.
“Follow me.” Aestasol gestured as they stood before the spiral staircase that led to both the captain’s quarters, and the medic room. “It’s to our left,” Aestasol told him confidently as though he had done this sort of task before and enjoyed the danger that came with the job.
“In the dome-top cabinet,” Kyhawn mumbled.
“If there are any problems with the ship slipping, you two swim straight back here.” Washburrn stood at the top of the spiral staircase. “Medicine or no medicine—is that understood?”
“Look for air pockets,” Tailk the rugged-looking shipbuilder stressed. “The stern’s not completely underwater. There should be one.”
Kyhawn glanced up at Washburrn and nodded respectfully. Aestasol’s feet touched the cold water. “We should stay toward the top and see if there’s an air pocket.”
Kyhawn took a deep breath to calm himself.
Aestasol pointed, “This way, to our left.”
The small group stood at the top of the spiral staircase and watched them completely disappear underwater. They knew the ship was ready to fall into the ocean. All they could do was hope for Kyhawn and Aestasol’s quick return with the badly needed medicine.
As the ship rocked gently in the water making strange sounds as it rubbed against the rocks, Washburrn and the others kept a lookout for the snake-like creatures.
Kyhawn and Aestasol held their breaths as they searched for an air pocket. Kyhawn felt a tug on his leg. Not being able to see well in the murky water, he pulled away. Seconds later, he realized it was only Aestasol gesturing that he had found an air pocket.
Kyhawn followed close behind and emerged, treading water. He took in two lungfuls of air, threw his head back, and wiped the water from his eyes.
“I didn’t mean to frighten you.” Aestasol chuckled. “It is hard to see down there.”
Kyhawn nodded. With only a foot between them, Kyhawn felt he was looking at Earron. With the exception of Aestasol being slimmer than Earron, their features were much alike, and he wasn’t much older than his good friend as well. “Do you know what the lucown bottles look like?”
Aestasol nodded. “You ready?”
Kyhawn swallowed his fear and tried to look prepared for an adventure. “I’m ready when you are.”
“The cabinet could have come loose from the wall. You hunt by the door for it. I’ll look near the windows.”
They both took in a deep breath of air and swam to the floor going in different directions. Kyhawn used his hands to search for the cabinet, but it wasn’t there. When his breath was running out, he returned to the air pocket. A few seconds later Aestasol emerged. Kyhawn wiped a piece of seaweed from his face. “I guess you didn’t find anything either?”
“No, but one of the windows is busted. It’s confusing. Strange thing too, as you’d think the hole in the window would let small fish in.”
As they propped themselves against a wall holding onto a ceiling beam, Kyhawn again started to feel afraid. However, he got up his courage and said, “We should make another attempt before those sea snakes start snooping around.”
Aestasol took a deep breath and let loose of the ceiling beam. They swam down together toward the windows, but there was no sign of the domed-top cabinet. To Kyhawn, even Aestasol was only a blurred image. Aestasol tapped him on the shoulder and pointed, then began struggling to open wooden cabinet doors. Kyhawn came over to help, but in the midst of their efforts, a wave rocked the ship. The room shook. Kyhawn tapped Aestasol’s shoulder, then went to the air pocket. Aestasol quickly followed.
Above the rain continued as the small group on deck reacted to the shaking with the same dread as Kyhawn and Aestasol.
“They’ve been in there too long,” Zeal proclaimed.
Washburrn peered down the narrow staircase into the flooded compartments. “If they haven’t returned in a minute or two, I’ll go down myself.” He slammed the wall on the far side of the staircase and headed out the door under the second floor walkway.
Tailk adjusted his eye patch as he glanced around at the worried looks on everyone’s faces. No one said a word. He finally offered, “Surely they located an air pocket.”
In the murky water below, Kyhawn and Aestasol had returned to the dome-top cabinet. They struggled to stabilize themselves beside it using their daggers to pry the doors open. Kyhawn held them wide while Aestasol reached for the medicine. But before he had a chance to grab it, the ship shifted, then dropped a foot or two, the impact throwing Kyhawn and Aestasol around like seaweed. Kyhawn was tossed in one direction, Aestasol the other.
Still conscious and holding his breath, Kyhawn opened his eyes to find himself only a few feet from the cabinet. His heart raced as he searched for Aestasol, but he couldn’t hold his breath any longer. Frantically he swam to the air pocket, but found himself alone. He filled his lungs to their fullest and dropped again to the floor.
A few seconds passed, then a few more. Kyhawn tried his hardest to remain calm. Suddenly he saw a long, blurred image. He whipped out his dagger and slashed at it madly, then realized it was only a twisted-up sheet from a bed. He shoved it aside and saw something else moving. A split second later, it stopped. Not being sure whether it was Aestasol, he carefully swam closer and found that it was him. But he was trapped under a flattop cabinet. Aestasol—I’ve got to pull this off him before he drowns. Come on—move! I’ve got to … move it!
Kyhawn shoved upward on the cabinet that bound Aestasol. The motion of the water helped him ease it aside. He grabbed him, one arm under his armpit.
Seconds later, they reached the air pocket. But now the space was only two-thirds its original size.
It’s too cramped for both of us. And there isn’t enough air. But let me see if I can get him to take a breath before we try to get out. Kyhawn took a deep breath himself and dropped under as he fought to keep Aestasol above water. He continued to push upward as he gripped a pipe attached to the wall.
However, the weight was too much for Kyhawn. He surfaced only inches away from Aestasol. Urgently he held Aestasol’s head up near the ceiling. Aestasol’s usual silverish-blue skin was now only a pale blue.
Kyhawn shook him. Aestasol’s eyes rolled back. His head dropped to his shoulders.
Desperate and almost worn out, Kyhawn slapped his face. “Come on—snap out of it!”
When there was no response Kyhawn shoved his hand against Aestasol’s chest.
A few more seconds went by. Kyhawn took hold of Aestasol’s seemingly lifeless body and slammed his chest again.
Aestasol gasped for air and spit in Kyhawn’s face. He opened his bloodshot eyes, looking dazed and breathing rapidly, Kyhawn continued to cradle him. “Can you swim?”
“What happened?”
“Never mind what happened. Can you swim to the stairs?”
Aestasol shook his entire body and made a few odd sounds. “The medicine—did you get it?”
Kyhawn sighed. “I’m afraid not. But I know where it is.” He paused, holding onto Aestasol. “You swim to the stairs. Notify the others. I’ll be up soon.”
Aestasol hesitated. “Okay but .…”
Kyhawn took in some air and swam for the medicine.
The seconds seemed like minutes. Kyhawn finally relocated the cabinet. But which bottles contain the lucown? There are so many different ones. He grabbed a piece of cloth floating nearby to wrap the bottles in, and began to grab them all. The room was swaying when something brushed over his head. He looked up to find Aestasol pointing at the bottles and shaking his head. He pushed Kyhawn aside, grabbed the bottles on the bottom shelf, and shook them at Kyhawn as if they were the correct ones. Kyhawn pointed toward the air pocket. They resurfaced at about the same time.
Aestasol studied the two bottles more closely. He nodded with a tired smile. “We got them,” he said quickly adding, “Where are the ones you got?”
“Tied in a piece of cloth I found. Then I tied it to my shorts, so I can keep my hands free.”
Aestasol nodded, “Good idea.” He quickly took off his uniform scarf, and secured the two bottles he had retrieved within. “Hold this,” he said, reaching for his dagger, he punched a hole in his shorts, and returned his dagger to its sheath. Seconds later he too had secured his bottles to his shorts.
Their lungs full of air, they dropped under and started for the staircase. But a split second later, Kyhawn found himself swimming alone. He turned around. One of the snake-like creatures had grabbed Aestasol’s foot and started pulling him out the window.
Aestasol went for his dagger, but dropped it.
Kyhawn got out his dagger, swam over to the window, and sliced the snake in two. He dropped his dagger, grabbed Aestasol, and they quickly swam for the door as two larger snake-like creatures entered through the window.
The ground began to shake. The ship made a horrid ripping sound. Yet when they were only inches away from grabbing Kyhawn’s leg, the sea creatures vanished into the darkness.
Looking up, Kyhawn realized that Zeal and Tobben had come down the spiral staircase and entered the water. Zeal quickly realized Aestasol was hurt and gave Kyhawn a hand in taking him topside. Fortunately the rain had stopped. Once all were up, the three carried Aestasol to the main deck where Washburrn and the others awaited them.
Aestasol was limp and dazed as though he felt nothing at all. Zeal and Tobben hurried to get him off the sinking ship. Washburrn grabbed Kyhawn and along with the others they ran for the rocks.
Someone screamed. Tailk swung his dagger at a large snake-like creature, but it was too late for Callon, one of the crew. The snake creature had coiled itself around him, piercing his flesh with it sharp claws that seem to cover its underside. It looked more like a tentacle then a snake, thought Tailk as he lay on his back in pain only to watch his new friend being taken underwater. They all hurried to the front of the ship, afraid they’d be next if they didn’t move fast enough.
An enormous sea creature slammed onto the deck in front of Tobben and Zeal. The tremors continued as the ship dropped another few feet. Another snake slapped at Zeal and all three of them hit the deck. As Zeal drew his sword, Tobben rolled over to see a snake coming at him. Up close, they could see some of the creatures had faces and some didn’t. One of the strange creatures went for Aestasol and within a few seconds had him in its grip. Zeal staggered to his feet and swung his sword at it, shouting a few choice words. From his opposite side another snake like creature slapped him against the building. He swung his sword at it slicing it into. The severed end of the serpent like creature flopped around on the deck.
Tobben rushed to help his friend Zeal. Washburrn fired his pistol at the creature holding Aestasol, but it didn’t seem to do much good. Two more shots were fired.
At the same time, Kyhawn had managed to put on his trousers and boots, he also managed to place the bottles he recovered wrapped in a cloth, he tied them to the railing near the bow of the ship where they had climbed aboard. He wished he had some arrows and a bow, somehow thinking that might help. Nevertheless he grabbed a sword from Washburrn and attempted to save Aestasol along with Zeal and Tobben. But the Sealander was in motion, slipping ever further into the ocean. Kyhawn slipped on the leaning deck and fell flat on his back. He dropped the sword but grabbed it just in time. A snake creature slammed the deck beside him, then reared up and came down at him. Kyhawn swung the sword cutting the snake in two. He got to his feet, but Aestasol’s body had been carried over the side into the dark, cold ocean.
The tremors continued, and it started to rain again as a loud cracking sound echoed the deck. The second steam stack crashed into the water. Once more the snake-like creatures had disappeared into the darkness.
Moments later, there was a horrid screech as the ship came completely free from the rocks. The stern vanished under the waves. There was a loud scream. Tobben had slipped and hurt his back. “Zeal—get over here!” he shouted, lying on the main deck, he rolled over onto his stomach. The water touched his feet, then began sucking him under.
Zeal grabbed hold of him. Kyhawn too ran to his rescue, and together they managed to drag him to safety.
As they helped Tobben over the railing where Washburrn and Treb stood waiting, the ship stopped sinking.
Kyhawn climbed over the railing. It must be caught on more rocks, he thought as he untied the bottles.
They carefully helped Tobben down the net and over the rocks on to the beach, where Dylc, Jayden, Bekim, and a few others who had remained behind came up to help.
Not much was said on their walk back to camp; they were in a sad daze. Dylc spoke up, “Did you get the medicine?”
As the rain pounded on the leaves above them, and filtered its way to the ground they treaded upon, all eyes were on Kyhawn. He shook his head. “Aestasol. He had the two bottles we needed.” He lowered his head, taking a bottle from the cloth. “I managed to grab these. But Aestasol … they’re gone now.” He sighed deeply. “Along with him.” He hardly knew him, but he felt for his loss, especially as for a while he thought he’d saved his life.
“No medicine.” Dylc frowned. There wasn’t much anyone could say, as at this point there was no medication to heal the captain or any others who needed the lucown.
All was quiet as Washburrn wrapped his cloak around Kyhawn. He nodded with a thankful look. Washburrn returned the gesture then began to stare at their tropical surroundings on both sides of the trail, noticing the many different colored flowers. He looked at them as if they were a clue for him to remember something, but then seemed to shake off the thought. He turned to Kyhawn. “This land being here where there should be only water seems unreal.” He discreetly grasped the book he’d been reading, which was now tucked inside his long vest under his cloak, treating it as a safety net from all of this madness. “A white flower,” he said as though a hidden door had opened in his mind.
Kyhawn looked at him oddly. “I’ve seen some … what about them?”
“White flowers surrounded the tree where I found that shoe.” Washburrn raised an eyebrow. “We need to tell everyone to stay away from all trees possessing white flowers.” He mumbled bitterly, “If there was a God, I’d curse him—or her.”
Before they reached camp, Washburrn told everyone among them about the two Zacs who had come ashore with him. Without saying anything about the chest, he explained what he thought might have happened to them.
“A white flower tree that eats Zacs,” Dylc said scornfully. “I think that flu’s making you delirious, Washburrn.”
Washburrn avoided Dylc’s comment by turning to Kyhawn. As they trailed behind the others, Kyhawn once again told Washburrn about the necklace he had found in Room 10.
“We should keep that fact to ourselves,” Washburrn said to him softly. “It might be a clue—a clue that could indeed connect the killer, or killers to the deaths of Korts and Turnar. Whoever tied them up must have been a land-Zac, because a seafaring Zac would have used different knots.” He paused. “That’s what Alil told me. They were the knots of a land-Zac.”
When they arrived at camp, the news had already spread about their experience on the Sealander.
“It’s a miracle the buildings here are still sanding.” Alil hugged Washburrn. “By golly, those giant sea snakes? You all are lucky to be alive.” She stepped back a few feet. “But what are we supposed to do now for the ones who need the lucown?”
“I’m sorry, Alil.” Washburrn scratched his whiskers. “I don’t know.” He lowered his head and slowly turned it from side to side.
Alil went on about the need of the medicine.
Washburrn placed his hands on her shoulders. “Aestasol didn’t make it …”
She continued on for a brief moment longer before realizing what her dear friend and colleague was telling her. “Didn’t make it. What do you mean didn’t make it?” she slowly realized what he did mean. She took a deep breath and turned away. Her hands over her face in tears. “No…oh no. It can’t be. He was my responsibility. Oh Washburrn please tell me he’s not dead.”
Washburrn explained in the most gentle way he knew how. But it didn’t seem to matter; dead was dead. And there was nothing anyone could do about it.
“And we can’t even give him a proper burial,” she fell into his arms with a cry.
Shellean and most everyone else were also devastated by the bad news of Willow, Aestasol, Callon and the medicine. Soon after they buried the bodies they did have, in the graveyard, about a half mile from camp, behind the kitchen and shower cabin.
On their return the camp was quiet. And despite the gloomy faces, Washburrn and Kyhawn decided this would be a suitable time to question all the remaining new crew-Zacs. For the moment, their need to know more about Emit over powered the strong grief they were feeling. When they asked Shellean about Emit, she quickly responded that she hadn’t known him before the voyage. None of the other new crew-Zacs had anything more to add, and none were wearing a necklace with an abstract bird.
When they question Jayden again, Dylc jumped in. “I told you before,” he shoved Washburrn, “I’m sick and tired of your ways of doing things.”
Washburrn pushed Dylc’s arm aside, got in Jayden’s face.
Dylc approached with revenge, but before he could get a word in Jayden stepped between them. “I can speak for myself, Dylc, sir.”
Dylc reluctantly stepped aside.
Washburrn gave Dylc a respectful bow, “Now if you don’t mind….” He turned to Jayden. “Your records when you signed on, mentioned that you sailed on the same ship with Emit a few years back. Now I’ll ask you ones more … did you or did you not befriend him before your employment on the Sealander?”
Ones again Dylc shoved Washburrn aside. “I dare you to accuse him of treason!”
Washburrn looked like he wanted to slug him but was holding himself back. “I’m not accusing anyone of anything.” He stared at Jayden. “Just tell me, did you know him or not?”
Dylc spoke sharply, “Go on and tell him what you told me.”
“It was a large ship. I was only on it for a short while.” He hesitated with a cough. “But to answer you question, I knew of him, but we weren’t mates. Only worked alongside him when the need called for it.”
Washburrn gave him a suspicious look, glanced at Dylc, who wanted to clamp him in shackles, but he knew the X-detective was too valuable a Zac to execute the idea. Instead, Dylc grabbed hold of Jayden and walked toward the medic cabin. Washburrn nodded to one side at Kyhawn to follow him. And he returned to the sleeping cabin with Kyhawn by his side. It was hopeless—no one admitted knowing Emit as a comrade before the Sealander voyage. And worst of all, there was no medicine.
*                   *                   *

That evening, Kyhawn, Washburrn, and some others headed to the clearing next to the white sand beach. Here they started a bonfire in hopes a passing ship might see it and come rescue them. They struggled to get the damp wood lit, but with much effort, some lamp oil, and a few flint sticks, they eventually succeeded.
Afterward Washburrn and Kyhawn with lantern in hand walked down to the shallow cliffs on the edge of the clearing. They peered at the water beneath them breaking against the rocks. To their left down a hillside lay the rainbow-shaped white sand beach where many of them had spent their first night. At the far end of that beach, a natural stone arch stood about ten feet high. Four much taller arches stood in a line along the water’s edge not far beyond the first arch. They are beautiful, Kyhawn thought.
Just a little ways out from the smaller arch closest to them was a cluster of rocks connected to the arch. The rocks slowly vanished under the ocean waves. It was there the remains of the Sealander rested, a glum reminder of what had taken place the night before.
Kyhawn went to look more closely at the hillside. He noticed two sandcastles. He glanced at Washburrn, who was speaking with the Zacs on bonfire duty. He went down the hillside to the sandcastles, realizing then they were a part of his dreams. He knelt and touched them. As he did, he thought about Earron, Coita, and himself falling from a waterfall in one of his dreams. Emaya once told me that running water meant change … or a new birth. What does this mean? He looked over his shoulder and noticed the light from the lantern was making him cast a long shadow that disappeared into the breaking waves. Some of the kids must have constructed them. But why sandcastles … why are sandcastles in my dreams? He took out his dagger and slammed it flat on top of one of them. What does this mean? He wondered as he slipped his dagger back into its sheath. I don’t know what it means, he thought as he slowly rose and returned to the bonfire.
After a few more friendly words with those on bonfire duty, Washburrn and Kyhawn started toward camp. While on the wide path between the large trees, there was a light on the path before them. “The Captain’s having nightmares again,” Alil said as she led them to the medic cabin. “It took four of us to hold him down.”
“The Sealander’s gone. What are we supposed to do?” Washburrn asked as they approached the medic cabin. “Too many have perished already. Captain Joenf knows the safety of his crew and passengers come first.”
Alil raised her arms in frustration. “So we just let him and the others die?”
“We meditate and ask for help from the Gods,” Kyhawn suggested, the words coming from his mouth before he had taken the time to think about them. “It was something Emaya tried to teach me, but I never made much of an effort to learn her ways.”
Washburrn gave him an odd look. “That’s useless,” he grunted.
Alil sighed. “Shellean told me the Captain will be lucky to make it through the night.”
Kyhawn pulled the blanket aside so the three could enter the medic cabin. Dylc, Zeal, and Malnur stood beside the captain’s bed.
“Another soldier of the king has passed on,” Shellean said as she placed a blanket over the female soldier’s head. “It was the flu that took her.” They prayed for the dead soldier’s soul  to be set free of her body, so that her soul may make way to the land of the Golden Flame, as they did all who had perished. Next they silently gathered around the captain’s bed, knowing that he would most likely soon be the on his way to the land of the Golden Flame as well.
Would the captain be the next one to die? Kyhawn thought as he respectfully lowered his head and went outside to sit on a stump near the cabin door. He felt defeated by his dreams. They were a gift he almost wished he didn’t possess. His elbows jabbed his knees while his hands pressed against his chin. I should have listened to Emaya and gone to visit her more often. Her words echoed in his mind. “Such as the stars in the sky possess magical powers, if you believe in magic, your days will be gifted with magic. If you do not believe in magic, your days will be without magic.” The thought had nothing to do with his dreams, but the words, which hadn’t seemed important then, now sounded deep within his soul. In a sense, he felt responsible for all that had happened. Emaya once told me I had a gift … a gift to read dreams. If only I had taken the time to let her teach me how to understand my dreams more fully. If only I had listened to her. Like tossing away in the deepest ocean a box filled with unknown treasures, Kyhawn felt he had lost his gift.
Shellean stepped outside with a towel in her hands as if she was drying them. She glanced at Kyhawn and sat on a stump alongside him. “I heard this was your first time on a cruise ship. You can be sure I’ve never experienced anything close to what I’ve been through on this voyage. And now because of the ground shaking and those horrible sea snakes, we’ve lost two more good Zacs, the Sealander, and the lucown.” Kyhawn barely listened to her as she went on and on about this and that before asking, “Are you going to say anything, or do I have to do all the talking?”
Kyhawn gazed at her and spoke rather bluntly, “I’m really not in a talkative mood. I’d rather be alone.”
She placed her hand on his knee. “I understand. I realize you’ve had a horrible day. And with that chest, and Emit, I know you have a lot to be concerned about.” She paused. “That fancy chest—it must be very important.”
Kyhawn removed her hand from his knee. “There you go again, asking questions about that chest. It sank, okay! Anyway, Emit’s probably dead and his spirit is clinging to it out there in the ocean somewhere.”
“Everyone knows about the chest and those old books inside,” Shellean snapped back. “Surely you and Washburrn don’t think it’s a secret? Did it really sink? Malnur and I heard it was unsinkable. And what else was in it besides old books?”
“I guess it didn’t float after all.”
“Malnur and I were also wondering who else besides Emit was after it. Did you get any answers when you questioned everyone?”
“Why do you have all these questions? Is that all you care about?” Kyhawn stared at her. She’s beautiful but deadly, like a poisonous plant.
“I was only trying to make conversation.” She crossed her arms, then suddenly threw the towel at him. “You’re just a self-centered, immature kid, suspicious of everyone and everything.”
Kyhawn turned toward the fire-pits around the corner. “What do you know anyway?” He tossed the towel aside, then went back in the medic cabin and retrieved his cabac from the small room at the far end, and quickly departed without saying a word. Without stopping he glanced at Shellean standing by the door, then went to the sleeping cabin where he had hoped to be alone in the far back corner where he had established himself a sleeping space.
Shellean picked up the towel and turned back to the medic cabin where Malnur was standing in the doorway with the doorway blanket draped over his shoulder. She shook her head. “I don’t understand him.” 
“Did he tell you anything we don’t already know?” Malnur asked as he let loose the blanket in the doorway, and followed her to the captain’s bedside. 
“No,” Shellean said as she went to wipe the sweat from Captain Joenf’s forehead. “I only wanted to have something to say to him. But I keep saying the wrong thing. I don’t think he likes me.”
*                   *                   *

A little later, Dylc, who deep down, was a good-hearted Zac. But he didn’t want the responsibility of being in charge, and even worse, he envied Washburrn’s courage. Dylc stood in the center of camp to say a few words. “Listen to me everyone—please give me your full attention.” Dylc looked around, seemingly unsure of his command. “Based on the best of our knowledge, we’ll be here for at least a week or two before another ship is scheduled to pass these waters. It all depends on the weather.”
“Two weeks…” Malla complained, sitting next to her husband Kyltic. “It’s cold and wet here. Shouldn’t a tropical island be warm?”
“Yes,” complained another passenger. “It’s too darn bloody cold here ... wherever we are. I’m on vacation.” He glanced around at the others. “I paid a lot of tiallup to set sail across the Zacton Ocean on that Sealander.”  Many others started to complain as well about the accommodations and the weather being cooler then one might expect from a tropical environment.
Dylc raised his arms waving them back and forth trying to calm everyone down. Finally Dylc managed to quiet the group. “There is nothing we can do about the weather. And as far as I’m concern, it’s the least of our problems.” He paused, trying to think what the captain might have said in this situation. “We’re hoping the bonfire will act as a beacon to capture the attention of a passing ship. And please, help each other. Most importantly, even though this place seems deserted, don’t go off by yourself. And there’s no swimming in the ocean.”
After a longer pause, he continued. “I’m sure all of you are wondering how we managed to get shipwrecked. For now all I can tell you is … the storm threw us off course.” He paused. “I know it’s late, but with the help of a few volunteers, Darhcir has prepared a good meal. If you’re hungry, enjoy it, and be thankful we’re alive.”
Washburrn rose from the log on which he’d been sitting. “Dylc, warn them about the white flower trees.”
Dylc waved his hand as though Washburrn were speaking nonsense. But when he looked around at everyone’s curious expressions, he added, “And by all means stay away from any trees that have white flowers growing on, or around them. Washburrn claims two Zacs have already been eaten by them.”
Of course this rumor had already spread throughout camp, but hearing Dylc mention it only intensified their fright at the thought of being eaten alive. A male Zac in a fancy garment clutched his pet caterpillar. While at the same time a mother held close her child.
As everyone waited for the food to be served up, Kyhawn and Washburrn used Kyhawn’s lead stick and parchment pad to draw up a list of everyone present. They then asked the crowd to look around and tell them who was missing other than those known to have perished.
An elderly lady in a fancy dress sitting next to a fire-pit stood up. “The geologist and his two children aren’t here,” she said, turning to her Oowed. She gave him an empty cup for him to refill for her.
“They were here earlier,” one passenger volunteered. “They went exploring over that way.”
Tailk, the shipbuilder, cleared his throat. “His name’s Gerit. I’m not sure about the names of his young lads, but his wife was one of those we buried.”
Dylc turned toward the medic cabin where the captain lay, as though seeking his guidance. He glanced back at them. “We can get their names when they return.”
“Actually, here they are now.” Tailk motioned toward three approaching figures.
The geologist and his two sons came close to the fire-pit nearest the mountain behind them. “We’ve been exploring.” Gerit pointed to his left, as he stood on the far side of camp between the fire-pit and the mountain behind him, “That way a few miles.”
Dylc twisted his mustache, his neck twitching. “We’re drawing up a list of everyone, so you’ll need to give your names to Kyhawn.”
“Wait!” Gerit said excitedly. “We found an extraordinary cave.”
Dylc gave him a tired look. “First give Kyhawn the information.”
After Gerit had done so, Washburrn smiled at him. “Now you can tell us about this cave adventure of yours.”
Gerit spit out the leaf he’d been chewing on. “There was this cave with tree roots draped all around the entrance, but the opening to it was large. Remarkable, it was. Remarkable,” he said as his sons stood in front of him, both chewing on something. He placed a hand on the heads of each of his sons. “We went inside. At first the cave appeared normal except for one small area on the back wall where there was a hole. We got really excited. You need to keep in mind, I am a geologist, and I do know my cave markings.”
“Yes—yes, please get on with it. I’ve had a long day.” Washburrn rubbed his weary eyes.
“The real fascinating thing is that the marking, this hole, was in the shape of a keyhole. There was even an outline of what might possibly be a door.”
Washburrn raised an eyebrow at Kyhawn as Dylc chuckled and said, “I’ve heard enough. I’ll be at the captain’s bedside if anyone needs me,” He said, adding in a soft voice as he went to the medic cabin. “Keyholes in a cave wall… nonsense.”
However, Kyhawn was curious about the unknown, and wanted to hear more of the story. “Please excuse them, they’ve had a long day. But tell me again—you found a door in the back wall of this cave?”
Gerit patted both of his son’s heads again. “There isn’t much else to tell. But yes, I think there may be a passageway just beyond that cave wall.” Gerit knelt between his sons and held them close. “Did you all feel those tremors earlier today?
Kyhawn nodded, “Yes, but go on.”
Gerit dropped his arms to his side. “That’s about it. After the second tremor, I felt we should do our exploring elsewhere, so we ventured on ….”
“Dad,” the eldest son tugged on Gerit’s cloak, “tell him about the dragonflies.”
“There were a lot of dragonflies hanging from the ceiling. I’ve never seen them so large, but they were harmless. Though I must say, they did give us a fright at first.” He paused. “They’re good eating, if you know how to cook them.”
“That’s if you can catch one,” the younger son piped up.
Gerit eased his sons aside and looked at Kyhawn. “Anytime you want to go with us, I’ll take you there.”
“I’d like that.” Kyhawn smiled. He wasn’t sure why, but he felt a connection between the cave and the sandcastles.
Gerit slipped a pouch off his shoulder. “I also know my herbs. Just another hobby of mine, but I find them quite magical. That’s if one takes the time to understand them.” He rested the pouch on the ground, loosened the drawstring, and reached inside. “Knowing we were low on medicine, I thought these might do us some good.” He gave a leaf to Kyhawn. “Eat one. It comes from a plant called zuetia. Cures infections and eases pain. Might help us get rid of this darn flu going around. Plenty more where this came from.” He pointed to the far side of the path that led to the ruins. “We picked them at that waterfall lake. There are a lot of them growing on both sides of the waterfall.”
All eyes were now on Gerit.
Alil, Shellean and Dylc, who had heard the commotion came from the medic cabin and quickly approached. Before long most everyone had gathered around Gerit and his two sons. One of the passengers by the name of Professor Romeous stepped forward. The elderly Zac introduced himself. He studied a leaf closely. “This is indeed a zuetia. I too know plants.”
“You’re a lifesaver!” Shellean held a few leaves and cried as she embraced Gerit, and everyone rejoiced. Gerit and his two sons were the heroes of the moment. Even Dylc gave Gerit a big hug. Before the hour was over, Gerit’s pouch of zuetia leaves had been emptied out as Kyhawn related their frustrating experience onboard trying to retrieve medicine from the Sealander.
*                   *                   *

Afterward Washburrn and Kyhawn went to Washburrn’s private sleeping space that some of the crew had constructed at his request. Though it wasn’t much, Washburrn was grateful. He valued the privacy and enjoyed the cool night air. The branch roof covered with sticks and large leaves was secured to the side of the large sleeping cabin. Washburrn leaned against one of the two tree trunks that supported the roof, facing the rainbow-shaped beach where most of them had spent their first night near the Sealander. About a mile of trees and other plant life stood between his sleeping space and the water.
They didn’t know two others were behind the sleeping cabin listening to them.
As they got settled in, Kyhawn held his lead stick and parchment pad. “The chest—how did you find it?”
“I didn’t know you were going to take notes. You’re one curious and dedicated young Zac.”
“You don’t mind, do you? I was going to draw a map for safekeeping.”
Washburrn scratched his whiskers. “Maybe that’s not such a bad idea.” He thought for a moment. “Well, to start from the beginning, it was your cabac, you can say, that saved the chest from drifting away from the ship. Who knows where it might have drifted to if I hadn’t found it when I did.”
“My cabac … what do you mean?”
“After I fell overboard, I swam to shore clinging to the chest. Your cabac was tangled in the netting draped over the side between that busted mast and the ship.” Washburrn lit a lantern. “Somehow your cabac got tangled around the chest’s handle. Call it a miracle, or just plain luck.”
Kyhawn was amazed. “You mean you came to shore on the chest carrying my cabac?”
“You can put it that way. The chest floats quite well.” He let out a slight chuckle, “Even if you didn’t manage to close it properly. Then I came upon those other two Zacs and quickly explained we needed to hide the chest. That’s when we decided to bury it on the mountainside. Well, you know the rest.” He shook his head. “The Sealander must have been sinking fast before the rocks caught hold of her for so many to have died.”
Kyhawn nodded as he sat with his back against a tree trunk. “I guess it’s a good thing the chest does float, or you might not be here.”
“Shhh … lower your voice. You never know who might be listening. Didn’t they teach you anything in trade school about life on the ocean?”
“No, or at least not about surviving a shipwreck, or taking care of a chest, or surviving on a lost island in the middle of the ocean.”
“Well, that doesn’t surprise me.” Washburrn laughed.
“Tell me, where’s the chest now?” Kyhawn whispered eager to draw his map.
Washburrn thought for a moment as he sat on his make-do bed of large leaves with a few blankets. He gestured for Kyhawn to take a seat on a worn two-foot-high stone wall that stuck out from the sleeping cabin. He raised an eyebrow and drew closer. “Well, we carried the chest onto this rocky sand beach on the far west side of the island.”
“I see,” Kyhawn said as Washburrn relayed all the details.
“To get to it, you need to go through the graveyard.” Washburrn pointed at the rough map. “Much quicker that way if you’re coming from the camp.”
“I got it. That’s what these squares represent.” Kyhawn tapped his lead stick on a square.
Working together, they finally completed the map. Washburrn yawned. “I thought I had retired from this detective business. For two years, everything was easy, but now this.” He turned out the lantern and fluffed his pillow. “Take good care of it,” he said as he pulled the blankets up to his neck and closed his eyes.
Kyhawn got up, tucking his parchment pad down his trousers. “Washburrn, did you really mean it when you said you didn’t believe in the Gods, or Goducess, maker of all creation?”
Washburrn opened his eyes and looked up at him. “Kyhawn, I like you, but let’s keep religion out of our friendship, please.” He fluffed his pillow again. “Good night.”
Kyhawn tied off his coat to conceal his parchment pad and went around the corner to the sleeping cabin. He stopped at the door, for a brief moment listening to two Zacs on guard duty playing their musical instruments. One of them played a paletoal, which was similar to a wooden guitar except it had eight strings, a longer neck, and though the front and back of the body was flat, it had an oval shape with two holes on the front side instead on one.  The other Zac with him played an instrument much like a violin. While they played soft melodies, he felt the warmth of their music as he looked into the flames coming from the fire-pits. It lightened his otherwise darkening mood. He bowed his head at them, then went inside the huge cabin where Zacs lay on bedding spread over the entire dirt floor. To his right, the fireplace burned. He tossed a few logs on the fire, then took his place in the far end corner.
As he stared at the thick ceiling beams supporting the roof and slowly drifted off to sleep, he thought: I wonder what my mother’s going to think, us not arriving home when I said we would. And I wonder if Earron and Coita had a chance to see Emaya about my dreams? He rolled over onto his belly and slapped his pillow, somewhat angry at himself. But what difference does it make? A lot of good her dream knowledge is going to do me now.

CHAPTER 3:

The following morning while everyone was eating sliced fruit, seaweed, and dragonflies stirred together in a large pot over open flames, whispers about leaving the island on lifeboats began to spread throughout the camp. However, when someone mentioned giant sea snakes, the whispers faded. “There must be a way…?” said another.
Moments before the sun pierced the sky, Kyhawn was dropping his empty dish into the wash barrow when Zeal and Arbra, a heavyset, red-skinned wealthy female passenger with long graying hair came back to camp from their overnight bonfire duties. Arbra held in her hand an unusual dagger that she claimed to have found on the beach. Excited about her discovery, she showed everyone. The camp was filled with amazement as they admired the mysterious weapon.
With almost everyone’s eyes and ears focused on her, Arbra told them how she came upon it. “I was near those shallow cliffs over from our bonfire.” She picked up a half-burnt twig from one of the fire-pits, made sure it wasn’t hot, then started to chew on it. “There it was, lying smack on top the spot where some of these kids made sandcastles yesterday. I went down the hill and claimed it.” The elongated dagger was handed around like a classroom show-and-tell.
“Most interesting,” passenger Kyltic commented. “The notches in this blade indicate it might very well be some sort of key. And this handle, or this hilt I should say, is striking. Look at the way it’s decorated with carvings and inlaid jewels.” He paused. “You know, this could be a dagger, a cross, and a key all in one. See these two pieces attached to the sides—they could very well pass for wings.” He pointed his elbow at the notches cut into the wings which protruded out from the sides. “They also could pass for keys. But considering the small stones attached to their tips, they’re probably only for decoration. However, the jewels themselves are most interesting, especially this mighty fine large one in the center.”
“The wings, if you want to call them that,” Arbra expressed as she chewed on her twig, “are small compared to the blade.”
“An extraordinary key.” Gerit was thinking about the hole in the cave wall.
Arbra pointed at the hilt. “This jewel in the center’s worth a fortune. What a key! When we get home, I think I’ll mount it and put it over my fireplace.”
“I’ve never seen a key so big,” Tobben observed. “With all this rust, it’s obviously old.”
When the dagger came around to Kyhawn, he held it admiringly. “A dagger that’s not a dagger but possible a key. A dagger-key,” he said as Arbra approached.
“I’ll take that.” Arbra held it in her hand, admiring its uniqueness. “A dagger-key. I like the sound of that,” she smiled.
After the excitement of Arbra finding the strange dagger, everyone settled back. Washburrn, Kyhawn, Alil, Professor Romeous, and Arbra along with Gerit and his two sons joined the group going to the waterfall lake to pick more zuetia leaves. However, once Gerit showed them where the zuetia plants grew, he whispered to Arbra about their other plans. Considering how farfetched their idea sounded, they kept it to themselves and slipped away along with the two youngsters.
“Where did you say this cave was?” Arbra asked.
“Over there.” Gerit pointed. “Only about three miles, four at most. All we need to do is follow the base of the mountain. We’ve already made a path from there to here, so it shouldn’t take long.”
They were hiking along the bottom of the mountain, crossing over creeks with small cliffs to their left and tall trees to their right, when they came upon a white flower tree. They carefully went around it and pressed on.
Arbra stopped for a moment to tie a scarf around her head. “With all this trouble we’re going through to get there, I hope this darn… dagger-key fits that hole.” Her expression brightened. “Hopefully there’s something good on the other side. I’ve read stories of Zacs finding lost treasures. The truth is, that’s how my family originally became wealthy.”

*                  *                  *

Soon after Dylc had sent a small group out to hunt land snakes, seabirds, and dragonflies, which seemed to be the only wildlife on the island, he also sent out another small group to gather fresh fruit, which fortunately were abundant. And as thunder and lighting again took over the sky, followed by a light shower, the rest of the group returned from the waterfall lake. Alil and a few others hurried inside the medic cabin with the new zuetia supply. While Washburrn, Kyhawn, and the rest went inside the sleeping cabin. They found Dylc being bombarded with more complaints and questions than he was able to handle. He gave Washburrn a nasty look and departed.
Kyhawn grinned at Dylc’s retreating back, then went to his corner to study his dream notes. He struck a flint stick and lit a candle as he sat on his bedding, leaned against the wall, and read.
At that very moment Arbra was also lighting a candle. She held it up to the strange indentation on the back of the cave wall, along with the eldest son’s candle. Careful not to upset the dragonflies hanging from the cave ceiling above them no one said a word. Gerit, after making some adjustments to the mysterious dagger-key, inserted it for the third time. He turned it to one side. The door opened. As they entered, they discovered what seemed to be a tomb as it contained a skeleton. Its ragged garments and cloak hung loosely from its bones. Also discovering the door didn’t want to stay open, they placed a large flat stone at the foot of the door.
However, they soon found the dagger-key also opened a second door to another much larger cave chamber, which went even deeper into the mountainside. While Arbra stepped down into the second cave chamber, Gerit placed a large flat stone at the foot of the door to keep it from closing as well. He handed the dagger-key to his eldest son, telling him, “You two stay out here and keep watch.”
The eldest son pleaded, “But Father, why can’t we come with you?”
“Stay here—we won’t be long. And make sure this door doesn’t close.” Looking disappointed, they obeyed their father.
Arbra looked back at Gerit. “There aren’t any bones in this chamber.” She glanced at the cave door. “What if that strange key opens other doors? There could very well be another door in this area somewhere. I’m going after that dagger-key.”
Gerit’s eyes filled with delight. “Wait! Come here. We can look for another door later.” He crouched next to a large passageway and set the lantern on the ground. “Take a look at these stones. Magnificent!”
She crouched beside him and picked up handfuls of them. Yet even more amazingly, when Arbra took hold of the lantern and held it in front of them, an entire passageway sparkled, reflecting the lantern’s light.
A voice called out from the cave entrance above. “Hello—anyone in there?”
“Someone’s calling for us, Dad,” the oldest son reported. Not thinking anything of it, Gerit told his sons to welcome whoever it was.
“Take this candle and show them the way back,” the oldest son said to his little brother.
The younger son drew near the entrance to find a crew-Zac standing at the first cave door. “Hello there,” the crew-Zac said as he slung back the hood of his dark blue cloak, entered, and then dragged his boots over a flat stone to clean the dragonfly droppings from his boots. “Aren’t you Gerit’s son?”
“Sure am, sir. We’re in the back part of this cave. I’ll take you there.”
The crew-Zac smiled as he flung the rest of the cloak back over his shoulders, his expression curious. “Lead the way, lad.”
The child cupped one hand over the flame of his candle. “Watch out for this skeleton,” he said as they continued toward the second cave chamber.
The crew-Zac followed close behind. “Lad, I think you need a glass chimney for your candleholder.”
“It broke when the ship wrecked.”
The crew-Zac nodded, “I see ....”
After they reached the cave door leading into the second chamber, the crew-Zac whispered, “Why don’t you lads go in there with your dad?”
“He told us to stay out here and keep watch,” the elder one told him.
“I’m here now.” The crew-Zac pushed them toward the door. “You lads go on in and surprise your dad.”
“Don’t move this flat stone,” the eldest son warned. “Or the door might close and we won’t be able to get out.”
Hearing the voices, Gerit called out, “Who’s out there?”
The crew-Zac grabbed the dagger-key and pushed the children down into the second chamber. They shouted for their dad as they hit the dirt floor. The crew-Zac quickly dragged the flat stone away from the door, letting it shut.
Gerit yelled, “What’s going on?” They dashed for the door, pushing on it and shouting, but their efforts were in vain. The crew-Zac fled, kicking the skeleton exposing a small wooden box from under its cloak. Not paying any attention to the box, he went to the outer door and dragged yet another stone away from it. A mysterious cool breeze flowed passed him. The door closed. Shaken by the uncomfortable chill, he quickly went to the large outside entrance. Above him, overlapping tree roots draped the large flat stones that protruded from the landscape above like a front porch overhang. He stared at the dagger-key, satisfied it was indeed the one he’d read about in an ancient scroll—the one only he and a few others knew about.
A moment later, two more crew-Zacs, Krow and Nelg, came up to him. Mekon showed them the dagger-key. They had a good laugh when he told them what he’d done to obtain it. Afterward they started back to the ruins where they’d found Emit alive and well.
The cleaver, twenty-five year old Krow turned toward them and said sharply, “Emit can wait. We know where that fancy lady found this key. I say we go straight to the beach and recover that peg-lock chest from the waters. It must have sunk near the beach. We need to go now… before that Washburrn character gets the same idea. We’ll need the rest of those artifacts for our ceremony.”
Mekon held the dagger-key out at them, and decided it was time they knew something about its true purpose. “This key won’t be needed in our ceremony, you uneducated lizards. I don’t know how it works, but I do know it possesses magical powers that can destroy our plans.”
“Even after the spirit of Kebadon takes over?” Krow questioned with a look of disbelief. “And our empire has taken over all the lands?”
“Parts of the ancient scroll had rotted away.” Mekon took out his sword. “No one knows for sure, but as long as we have this key, we needn’t worry about its powers. The artifacts have been buried for over a thousand years.” He paused. “Strange, this key, or dagger-key if you want to call it that, would show up at about the same time our artifacts in that chest are discovered.”
Mekon thought for a while longer, then said confidently, “There’s no doubt in my mind—this key was also in that chest along with our artifacts … the tools we’ll need for the ceremonial sacrifice.” He grinned as he dropped it into the large pocket of his cloak, but because of its size he was unable to secure the flap.
“Okay, so they buried it along with our ritual tools and the artifact.” Krow playfully slapped Mekon’s shoulder. “Big deal. It’s ours now. So why don’t we just destroy it? We destroy the key, and we destroy its powers.”
“Yeah, let’s smash it into pieces with a rock,” Nelg suggested.
“I don’t know why, but the ancient scrolls say it can’t be destroyed.” Mekon patted his pocket. “It’ll be safe with me.”
They hurried through the trees and foliage, cutting through the vines and limbs growing wildly before them and making a path down to the beach.
“I’ve seen a lot of keys in my day,” Krow said with greed in his eyes, “but never have I seen one such as this.”
Nelg looked at them as if he’d had an inspiration. “The chest busted open during the storm. That’s why this key has washed ashore.”
Krow gave his brainless comrade a pat on the shoulder. “We know.”
Mekon slashed at a vine in rage. “We’re the true owners of the ancient artifacts.” He paused, his face gloomy. “However, if those old documents are in there, we’re also going to need them.”
“The rest of the artifacts are only a swim away.” Krow smiled as if he could taste the glory and power he hoped to claim.
Mekon looked at Krow. “You foolish lizard, if those documents have been lying
underwater for the past few days, those artifacts aren’t going to do us much good.”
As they began to catch glimpses of the ocean though the foliage, Mekon became bothered. “Why haven’t we seen our ship anywhere?”
“Don’t think I’m not also worried about it not being here, because I am,” Krow responded as they stepped onto the rocky white sand.
The beach seemed deserted. They proceeded over a rocky patch. To their left, where the foot of the mountain began, beautiful natural arches protruded into the ocean. Near the small arch which was closest to them, the Sealander’s bow and number one mast reached for the heavens, seemingly asking for mercy while clinging to the rocks.
As they crossed the stretch of rocky sand, then climbed over the backbone of the small arch, only white sand lay between them and their destination. They thought about the dreadful night of the shipwreck and the island shaking and taking her down.
“What about those sea snakes?” Krow threw out.
“Have no fear of them. They only attack when it’s raining, according to what I heard some of those snob passengers saying.” Mekon gestured all around. “The sun’s shining.”
“Yeah.” Nelg kicked up some sand. “I heard they only attacked them aboard ship when we had that tremor, and it was raining then, or was it?”
“That’s not what I heard,” Krow groaned.
“Krow,” Mekon chuckled, “you’ve fired one too many cannons. I think it’s affected your ears. Don’t worry—those snakes most likely live deep beneath the surface. Probably the tremor woke them and forced them to the surface.”
Nelg nodded, “Yeah, we’ll be long gone before they wake up again.”
“If we feel any tremors when we’re out there, we’ll come topside and out of the water,” Mekon told them.
Their greed for the ancient artifacts soon overpowered their fears, and before long they stood at the foot of the hillside next to the shallow cliffs.
Nelg scratched his ankle, then his arm. “I don’t see any sandcastle.”
Mekon and Krow looked at each other and shook their heads. “We’re not looking for sandcastles,” Krow reminded him.
Mekon stretched his neck over the hillside to view the clearing, noticing two Zacs sitting under a large tree not far from the bonfire. He stared to his left. The ocean seemed calm enough. “There’s Zacs up there, so let’s keep our voices down.”
Krow rubbed his hands together in anticipation of what they might find. “Go ahead—jump in.”
Nelg took off his boots. “Wouldn’t it be faster if all three of us looked for the artifacts?” He unclipped his cloak and laid it on the rocks. “Sooner we have our hands on them, the better.” He took off his brown shirt and dark blue trousers. “The water feels nice and cool,” he said as he went to lay his garments next to his cloak. “Plus I thought we were in a hurry?”
Krow laid his cloak on the hillside and looked at Mekon. “Shouldn’t one of us keep watch?”
Mekon took off his boots, but stood on the edge of the water and turned to Krow. “You know I don’t swim too well.”
Krow knew he was being truthful and respected his request. Moments later Krow’s uniform joined Nelg’s as they took deep breaths and dived into the murky water.
A little over two minutes later, Krow surfaced for air. Nelg popped up beside him.
Mekon stood at the water’s edge and asked softly, “Did you find anything?”
Krow shook his head. “Kind of hard to see down there, but I seen something shiny. Not too deep either.” They took another deep breath and submerged again.
Two minutes later, Mekon was staring speechless at the water. In the area where he had last seen Krow, it had turned blood red.
Nelg surfaced, “Help! Help me, Mekon!”
Mekon waded into the water and tried to reach him. “Give me your hand. Quickly!” Their fingers touched.
A split second later an enormous snake-like creature sprang from underwater and reached for Mekon. Its mouth was open wide, and its long narrow tongue touched Mekon’s face. He stumbled backward into the shallower water, then turned and didn’t stop until he got to higher grounds.
“Help me!” Nelg screamed repeatedly. “Help me!” His hands reached for Mekon as his screams became a whisper.
The two Zacs from the bonfire were standing at the top of the hillside looking down in horror.
Mekon stared at the snake-like creature, which stared back at him.
A second large tentacle emerged without a face and coiled itself around Nelg. He struggled to escape its powerful hold, but it was too late; the creature’s hollow, finger-like claws on its underside plunged deep into his flesh. Seconds later all that remained was a pool of blood.
Shocked by the sight, Mekon scrambled up near the trees. Unable to think straight, he shivered as he gazed at the bloodstained water washing ashore staining the white sand red.
The Zacs on the hillside hurried down. Moments later Zacs cutting firewood nearby joined them. They found Mekon curled up like a child in dire need of comfort.
Alil jumped down onto the beach in front of Mekon. She looked back and forth from the blood washing ashore and him. “My lord—what happened here?”
Not saying a word, Mekon kept his head down. With one hand over his face, he pointed at the blood. Alil was getting nowhere with him.
Shortly afterward Washburrn, Kyhawn, and a few others arrived. Washburrn spit out a zuetia leaf “What happened? Who’s out there?”
Mekon dropped his arms to his side and plopped his legs down into the sand.
Washburrn stood before him as if he were a general on a battlefield after a bad call had been made by a lesser officer. “We asked you what happened. Who’s out there?”
“Krow, Nelg, and I … we were … bathing.” He stared at the red sand. “I was just starting to undress. Blood … then there was blood … everywhere blood.”
Everyone stared at him in bafflement except for the two Zacs on bonfire duty. They quickly told everyone about the return of the strange snake-like creatures that had attacked the Sealander.
Mekon explained. “He popped up. His arms waving, screaming for help.” Mekon’s blue eyes wept. “A gigantic snake grabbed Nelg. I don’t know what happened to Krow.” He shook his head with his hands over his face. “He’s been down there too long … to still be alive.” He stared at the blood. “I didn’t know … I didn’t know they were going to attack. There were these thorns all up and down its underside,” he moaned. “It wrapped around him. Then he was gone.” He leaned forward, his blond curly hair in his silverish-blue face, then flopped back onto the ground. Horrified, he stared through the leaves above at the sky.
Kyhawn stared at the blood-red water staining the white sand.
The others looked at one another, not sure what to think. At the same time, they couldn’t help but feel sorry for Krow and Nelg.
“I need to get away from here.” Mekon staggered to his feet. “My cloak—and my boots.” He went to the hillside, leaned against the rocks, and put on his boots.
“Let us take you to camp.” Crew-Zac Shya motioned to a passenger to give her a hand.
Kyhawn handed Mekon his cloak while Tobben gave him a zuetia leave. “Eat this. Maybe it will clam you.”
Mekon grabbed a handful of zuetia leaves and slung his cloak around his shoulders. Only then did he remember the dagger-key. He slipped his hand into his pocket to make sure it was safe, but found only sand. He went to where the other two cloaks lay, announcing, “This is not my cloak.” But when he searched them, except for a few dried spider legs, their pockets were also empty. He grabbed the spider legs and tossed the cloaks aside and turned his own pocket inside out, but only sand fell out. Without saying another word, he allowed the others to escort him back to camp.
Kyhawn had been watching Mekon closely, noting every odd move he had made. He felt a chill when Mekon glanced at him, as if Mekon were a wicked player in his dreams. The chill passed as Kyhawn watched them disappear into the foliage.
“Sure is a lot of blood,” Dylc said. They all looked uncomfortable.
“What kind of sea creatures are we dealing with?” Washburrn looked dumfounded, as if his bloodstained past were haunting him.
“Look!” Kyhawn exclaimed. “A body!”
Alil looked where Kyhawn was pointing. “Grab a long branch so we can drag it to shore without going in ourselves.”
Kyhawn went up the hillside, then came back carrying a large branch.
“I’ll take that.” Alil climbed the rocky hillside onto the shallow cliffs and knelt. She put one end of the branch in the water and began pulling the body ashore. While she was doing so, a second body surfaced.
Once again Kyhawn ran up the hillside to get another branch. He quickly returned, but held back to give Alil enough room to maneuver the first body close enough in to reach.
A large snake-like creature emerged and swung toward Alil.
“Look out!” Dylc cried.
The faceless creature slammed beside her. She swung the branch but missed, almost losing her balance. The monster sank into the water as the rest of them leaped back.
Kyhawn pointed with the branch toward the water. “Out there—I don’t think they’re snakes at all. I just saw the creature’s head. It’s round with large eyes, like something… prehistoric.”
Before most of them could see what he meant, it vanished.
Washburrn grabbed the branch away from Kyhawn. “We still need to get a closer look at the bodies.” Clearly the scene reminded him of life prior to the Sealander.
A large tentacle emerged and pulled the second body under. Alil jumped off the shallow cliffs onto the beach. “I don’t want to see that ever again.” She got to her feet and brushed off her trousers.
“I don’t either.” Dylc twisted his mustache nervously, “but whose body is this one?”
“Don’t know,” Washburrn said as he looked at Kyhawn. “Give me a hand, Kyhawn.”
Kyhawn stared at Washburrn’s high-cut leather boots. The waves broke just below them. Despite his fear, he willingly helped out. In doing so, he managed to get hold of one leg while Washburrn held the other. The hip socket snapped loose from the body. Kyhawn stumbled and dropped the leg. He gagged at the thought of it breaking loose.
Washburrn and Alil dragged the remains in a few feet farther. “You okay, Kyhawn?” Washburrn asked.
Kyhawn shook his head. “What do you think? A leg just came off in my hands. No, I’m not okay.” He got up and went to the trees.
Alil stood next to the body holding her arm up over the lower part of her face. “My lord, it’s bad enough being shipwreck, losing one-third of everyone aboard, losing the ship. Now this. There’s nothing left of him but skin and bones.”
Washburrn approached the corpse, knelt, and slipped on his glasses. “Hundreds of small slits cover his entire body.” He studied them. “It seems his insides have been sucked out of him.”
Dylc waved his hand back and forth. “It smells as though he’s been dead for weeks.” He turned to them. “This is too much,” he said as he went to the trees and took a seat on a log, with his arms pressed to his knees, his hands cupped together, he put his head in his lap, moaning. “This is too much for me.”
“I’ve had enough,” Kyltic said, almost gagging at the sight. “Please, I don’t know how the lot of you can stand it.” Him and three others headed for camp while two returned to their bonfire duties.
Alil turned away. “By golly,” she muttered, “some of us need to stay and take care of this mess.” She glanced at Dylc and got to her feet, “But Kyhawn, you can leave too if it bothers you.”
Kyhawn placed his hand over his nose and said uneasily, “I’ll be fine.”
Alil pulled her uniform scarf over the lower portion of her face and crouched next to Washburrn.
Kyhawn drew near; one hand over his nose. “How can you stand that smell?”
Washburrn looked up at him. “Well, you get used to it,” he raised an eyebrow, “or you get out of the business.”
Alil stared at the skin hanging loosely from the skull. “At first I thought this was Nelg. But the hair isn’t right.”
Washburrn pushed his glasses to his nose, “This one’s Krow.”
Kyhawn got down beside them. “They said they were bathing, but why do it out here? No one bathes out here. Everyone either takes a shower in camp, or goes to that waterfall lake.”
Dylc stood with a look of anger. “I told everyone there was no swimming in the ocean. They disobeyed a direct order!” He stepped down onto the sand, as if trying to build up the courage to draw near.
As all eyes were on Dylc in that moment of silence; no one disagreed.
Washburrn rose and spoke with respect. “We realize they disobeyed your order, but Kyhawn has brought up a good question. And not to mention they knew about the giant sea snakes, or whatever those creatures are out in the water.”
Dylc slowly nodded, not saying a word as he placed his scarf over the lower half of his face and drew closer. Two more of the crew had died. At that moment this was all he could think about.
Kyhawn eased back and pointed to Krow’s remains. “Look, he’s wearing a necklace like the one I found.”
Alil looked at them angrily. “These two have literally been eaten alive—and you Zacs are chatting about why they decided to bathe here? And so what if he’s wearing a necklace? What’s going on between you two? Explain yourselves, please.”
Dylc slowly crouched across from Washburrn, next to Kyhawn. He glanced at Alil then looked at Washburrn. “Yes. Explain yourselves.”
Washburrn spoke softly. “Maybe they were looking for something.”
Kyhawn got to his feet. “Like a chest perhaps. Why else would they go into the water when they knew the sea creatures might be about?” He brushed the sand off his trousers. “The answer is the peg-lock chest.”
Dylc frowned and slowly nodded. “Maybe … if they thought it sank when the ship went down.”
They looked at each other, wondering whether Mekon could have been lying. Zeal, Treb, and Bekim came up, each carrying a large leaves to wrap the body. As they exchanged words, Zeal confirmed that Mekon had last been seen at camp.
Washburrn, Kyhawn, Alil and Dylc made haste. On their way to camp Washburrn confronted Dylc. “I was told you let Krow and Mekon and some of the passengers leave camp alone. I call that leaving them unsupervised. What were you thinking?”
Dylc tensed. “You’re not in charge here—I am. The other ones who went with them made it back safely.”
Kyhawn shook his head. “Thank Goducess they did.” Dylc gave Kyhawn an annoyed glance.
“All we can do now is hope Mekon’s still in camp?” Washburrn groaned.
Alil turned to Washburrn. “All of us have been through a lot.” She placed her arm around Washburrn, and they walked the remainder of the way in silence.
When they arrived at camp, they searched high and low for Mekon, but he was not in the camp or anywhere nearby. Soon after they buried Krow’s remains, a search party was sent out the look for Mekon.
During this time Washburrn, Kyhawn, Dylc, and Alil gathered around Washburrn’s sleeping space.
And before the conversation ended, they’d concluded that Emit had most likely murdered Turnar and Korts, along with Nelg, whom Kyhawn had witnessed in the room they were murdered in. Kyhawn felt by the words Nelg was speaking to himself, that in fact, he was mostly likely in there for reasons other then retrieving Alil’s scarf. And the fact that they had found Mekon, along with Krow and Nelg on the beach, bathing in sea monster infested waters, which didn’t make any sense. With all of this in mind, plus the fact that shortly after the deaths of Krow and Nelg, Mekon had vanished, they concluded that all four of them had committed  the appalling crime as a team. Nevertheless Dylc couldn’t understand how a fine gentle Zac such as Mekon had gotten tangled up in a web of murder.
Though they felt some satisfaction having figured out who the killers might be, they also felt the Zacs had been in the water for another reason besides getting clean. The thought baffled them. Kyhawn looked at each of them. “Unless, like we talked about earlier, they thought the chest did sink.”
Alil nodded. “But why look over there, near the clearing?”
“Good question.” Washburrn raised an eyebrow. “The Sealander went to rest over a hundred yards away.”
*                  *                  *

Later that night the small search party returned empty handed. Zeal reported that they were unable to find any signs of Mekon anywhere. And knowing that he was a prime suspect in the two murders they concluded that he most likely fled to the ruins, which was the only other place on the island that unoccupied shelter existed.
Shortly afterward Kyhawn sat alone at the edge of camp. Hand over chin, he was lost in his own thoughts. I guess Emaya was correct. Whatever my dreams mean, they are going to unfold soon. He pondered his thoughts. Gray birds, a necklace, that body on the beach today—he was wearing a necklace like the one I found in Room 10. A necklace with a gray bird … it was abstract looking, but it was gray, just like the gray birds in my dreams. He shook his head in wonder. Waterfalls … a cylinder-shaped object …a window … sandcastles … and that dagger-key? There’s so much to take in before I can understand. I wish Emaya was here.
“Would you like a drink of juice?” Dellyna came up and asked him. She was a kind elderly passenger who had been helping Shellean and Malnur with the sick and wounded.
Kyhawn reached out for it. “Thank you,” he said with a faraway look in his eyes.
She stood over him as though she wanted to say something more. He looked up at her. “Thanks again for the juice, but I’d like to be alone.”
Dellyna bowed and left, respecting his wish.
That chest, Kyhawn thought. It has something to do with the cylinder-shaped object I saw in my dream last night. Are they one in the same? And Washburrn—I bet my father was a Zac something like him. And Shellean, she’s been deceiving us. That’s why she’s been trying to get me to tell her where the chest is hidden. We are on an island no one can explain. The storm didn't throw us off course according to the stars, but according to the charts it is an uncharted island no one knows about. It's obvious that zacs have lived here centuries ago, and just recently. Yet there's no one here now but ruins on a dome shape mountaintop, a graveyard, these old cabins, and those strange sea-creatures.
As he left his hidden thoughts for the moment, he looked around and began to take in, once again, what was going on around him. Professor Romeos  with a small basket of unusual plant life next to him, was telling everyone more about the plant life growing on the island. “I know it sounds too bizarre to believe. But it’ as if time has preserved some of the plant life. I know my plants. Many of these plant species should have died-out long ago. Yet they exist here. Here on this island… wherever we are.” Romeos, baffled by the thought, reached into the basket admiring an unusual looking purple leaf and continued. “I’m going to take some samples back with us. My colleagues will be amazed.”
As the nods faded in agreement to Romeos’ find, talk around camp started to focus on Arbra, Gerit and his two sons being gone for so long, and disregarding Dylc’s orders. Soon after Dylc, Alil, and Washburrn made sure guards were posted all around camp, two Zacs at each post, around the clock. And before the hour was out, Dylc, Jayden, Zeal and two others were fast on their way with lanterns and their cabacs full of supplies in the direction of the cave that Gerit spoke so strongly about.

*                  *                  *

Kyhawn was assigned an overnight watch with Bekim on the white sand beach. Well armed as he walked alone, he did his best to have pleasant thoughts, but all he could think about were his nightmarish dreams. Even the branches on the trees seemed to reflect their images. He thought recalling the episode with the tree Washburrn experienced, but again felt it was unbelievable. The runaway Zacs are most likely hiding in those ruins. He also thought about the sea creatures, and then the dagger-key. Arbra said she found it exactly where they entered the water. I wonder if they thought it came from the chest.
He searched deeply within his soul, but could only come up with a shallow understanding of his dreams. Like a jigsaw puzzle without a picture to follow, he didn’t know where to begin. Somehow his innocence was slipping away. He admired Washburrn and Alil dearly; but he hated the cruelty of the world. A slice of enlightenment taunted his soul as he began to understand the reality placed before him.
When he arrived, Bekim’s father Treb was there to greet him. Kyhawn pretended to be brave and traded a few friendly words with Treb, a strangely handsome dark-red Zac whose long double-breasted cloak covered his baggy shirt, vest, and trousers that flopped around his pointed toe boots. “You keep alert,” Treb ordered them both in his accented speech as he tipped his wide-brimmed hat and headed back to camp.
Kyhawn plopped down on a long log, at the opposite end Bekim sat. He looked much like his father. They didn’t speak much at first, but as the night went on and Kyhawn studied his own thoughts, Bekim rambled on about a wallong ranch his father and he owned, which was on the large island of Narstellyon, north of Rhaw, Kyhawn’s homeland.
While the moon reflected off the rippling movements of the tide, they shared some dried wallong meat with one another while Bekim told stories of his desert fields where they raised the large worm creatures along with cactus weed. “We dry the cactus weed and eat it. Here, I brought some with me … try it?”
“I wonder why those creatures didn’t attack us the night of the wreck,” Kyhawn said taking the dried cactus to his mouth.
“Don’t know. Could be they attacked and killed others that are missing. But we were too busy saving our lives to notice.”
Kyhawn pondered this idea. “You saw the body today. No one who washed ashore looked anything like that.”
“Personally I wish I could forget I ever laid eyes on that awful-smelling body.” Bekim looked out at the water. “I don’t care to talk about it either.”
Kyhawn respected his request, then became quiet again, as if he’d drifted off into one of his dreams. He had a lot on his mind that he didn’t care to share with a stranger. He thought. Washburrn has buried the chest. Alil and I are the only ones who know of its whereabouts. We most likely have pirates about, and that trip to the ship today, why did Aestasol have to die? He was too young to die.
Kyhawn glanced at Bekim, who was fooling with the night lamp. “You have to turn the entire top portion to adjust it.”
Bekim looked at him oddly, then smiled. “Oh, I see, it’s not like the ones I’m used to, thanks.”
Kyhawn gave him a friendly nod and returned to his own thoughts. A moment later a sense of rage overcame him. He slammed the log, caving in the side, got to his feet and shook off the pain afterward.
Bekim, alarmed, sat straight up, wide-awake not saying a word.
Kyhawn jumped down onto the white sand. “What do you say we take a walk along the beach.”
Bekim, somewhat shy, gave him a surprising look. At first he thought they should remain at their post, but if he could make a friend why not.
After walking along the beach, being cautious with every step. It didn’t take long for them to find the beach was rather tranquil. One wave after another vanished in to the white sands, with the moon reflecting off the rippling movements of the tide. They stood not far from where the two zacs were killed that day. They couldn’t help but wonder if those things that killed them weren’t still out there waiting for someone else to take a swim.
“They could be land creatures too,” Bekim said as he began to look for any sings of them in the sand.
“You’re right, they could be, but I doubt it.”
“What makes you so sure of yourself?”
“We’ve walked all up and down this beach more then once since we’ve been here. Not once have we found a foot print or trail indicating they have left the water.” Kyhawn answered; giving Bekim a friendly clapped on the shoulder. “Come-on, we can walk to the other end over here where the natural arches are. I haven’t been up close to the larger ones yet. Have you?”
“No I haven’t.”
“There’s nothing happening this way, come-on.”
They ventured passed the Sealander, and overtop the sharp rocks, looking for any signs of the sea-creatures coming to shore.
Kyhawn walked along the shoreline, lantern in hand. “I don’t see tracks of any kind here.”
Bekim gazed at the ocean. “I don’t see anything of them out there, only a few dragonflies and waves breaking.”
“It looks as though the tide’s covering most of the ground beneath these arches. They’re beautiful, especially in the moonlight.” Kyhawn admired the sight. “Look at the way they tower into the side of the mountain, and disappear in the trees and other plant life at their peeks. And the way they taper off at the bottoms and slowly vanish into the ocean. They must be over a hundred feet tall.”
“Yeah, nice.” Bekim said chewing on a piece of wallong, he turned the opposite way. “We best get back to our post.”
As they started back Kyhawn chuckled, “The only footprints out here are the ones we’ve left behind.”
“I hope we don’t get into trouble leaving our post.”
Kyhawn smiled. “We shouldn’t. If you think about it, we have been on watch. I mean, how much closer can we get to those things... and a passing ship?”
Bekim chuckled. “I don’t think they meant for us to go sight-seeing.”
The expression on Kyhawn narrow face quickly became surprised. “Out there. Did you see that?”
“No.”
Kyhawn pointed, “Out there, were those dragonflies are buzzing around over the water. A tentacle just reach up and took one down with it.”
As they continued to watch closely the dragonflies buzzing near the surface of the water eating seaweed, another tentacle sprang from underwater and snacked yet another dragonfly. Kyhawn and Bekim gazed on as if being entertained. “I’ve seen enough of those things,” Bekim said as he continued on to the far end of the beach near the shallow cliffs.
After they had returned to their post, they spent the remainder of the night and early morning eating and trading stories of their hometowns.

CHAPTER 4:

Early the next morning Earron and Coita bathed at the shore near their one room shack, put on their best garments, and went straight to the Sheriffs station, located in the center of town. It was much like any small town in those days, with cobblestone streets, and a courthouse and sheriff station on the main square.
After they walked up the steps to the station, they casually entered. Except for the officer at the front desk, the place seemed empty.  “What can I do for you lads? he asked.”
Earron hesitated, “We’d like a summon with Sheriff Nossgon.”
“He’s busy at the time, but I’m sure I can help.”
“We need to speak with Nossgon.” Earron crossed his arms, his tone somewhat impatient, “If you don’t mind we’ll wait out here till he has the time.” Earron looked at Coita. “We’ll wait here until he sees us.”
While they sat on the long wooden benches waiting, Coita gazed around the  sitting room, well lit. “Look Earron, this room has nine glass windows. The last time we were here only four of the windows had glass in them.” He moaned, “At least we know where our taxes are going.”
Shortly after Sheriff Nossgon opened his office door, and went to the clerk’s desk. They traded a few words glancing at Earron and Coita as they spoke. The heavy set, strong-minded, middle aged Nossgon approached with a strong voice. “I hear you youngsters need to speak with me.”
Earron hesitated. “It’s about the Sealander… sir.”
“The Sealander?” Sheriff Nossgon turned and went to the large window on the far side of the front door. He turned and slowly drew near. “Why don’t you two come into my office.”
Earron gave him a pleading look as he closed the office door. “Sir, we know you’re awfully busy, being in charge of the station and all. But as I’m sure you already know, the Sealander and Kyhawn  hasn’t made it back from Adrolf yet. We were wondering if there’s anything you could do to help look for then?”
Nossgon sat with a compassionate glow about him. “I know you mean well, but we don’t have the time, or the Zacs to go hunting for a lost fishing boat.”
“Lost fishing boat?” Earron questioned.
“Yes. Didn’t you know, Kyhawn is to return on a fishing boat. They’re only a day late.
And as far as the Sealander is concerned, it’s not do to pass through town for another week to ten days. Why are you getting in such a ruckus about Kyhawn? Is there something you’re not telling me?”
Earron and Coita, not wishing to be humiliated, were embarrassed to tell him about the dream.
“What is it, are you youngsters going talk, or waste my time?” Nossgon sat behind his desk in his black leather chair, quill in hand, doodling. “I have a busy day planed. Kyhawn is a friend of mine too. His mother and I go back a long ways.” He laid the pen down. “I’ll tell you what, if they’re not back after occton season, I’ll personally, along with you two, a few of my officers, and one of our boats, search until we find them.”
Coita nudged Earron’s side and whispered, “Tell him before he kicks us out.”
“I’m sorry lads, but that’s the best I can do until the end of occton season.”
Earron jumped to his feet, hands pressed to the desk. “But sir—we really do feel you should take the time—now! A lot of lives are at stake!”
Nossgon picked up his quill, in haste tapped the stack of parchment. “I’ve been sitting behind this desk for almost twenty years. What I don’t need is you telling me how to run my station. I’d advise you to run along before I change my mind.” He pointed at the door. “I’m sure the fishing boat Kyhawn’s returning on is quite alright. It’s not as fast as a cruise ship. They might even be doing some fishing.”
They abruptly left the office. Earron thought, sure that's what everyone says.
“Maybe you are overreacting,” Coita placed a hand on his good friends shoulder. “Maybe the dream meant they’d be a day or two late.”
“I doubt it.” Earron said as he took a seat on the station’s steps. With a melancholy look about him he placed his hands over his face and closed his eyes. “I need to think about this.”
As Coita parted his good friend and took a seat on the opposite side of the steps, he muttered with both elbows weighted on his knees, his hands pressed up to his cheeks. “I guess we’ll have to wait and see if that deep-sea fishing boat shows.”
Earron sat with both hands pressed to his knees rocking back and forth, when all the sudden a sense of hope overwhelmed his expression. “Unless we can get someone else to take us out and search for them, other than Werdna and Nevets.”
A covered coach pulled up alongside them. A tall slim silverish-blue Zac with long wavy gray hair, dressed in fine garments stepped down and rushed past them, slamming the station house door behind himself. Coita looked at Earron with a chuckle, “I wonder what his problem is?”
“Who knows, and who cares.” Earron tucked his hands under his knees and continued to rock. “All we can do is keep asking,” he said, his eyes full with grief, “until we find someone to help us.”
Coita leaned forward. “I don’t see how, as everyone already thinks we’re barmy. We shouldn’t have told them about Kyhawn’s weird dreams. You can make a fool of yourself again, but I’m not.” Coita got up and moved over beside him. “They’re already calling us the two barmy kids running around the docks. Before you know it, they’d be locking us up in a dungeon with real barmy Zacs.”
“Do you have a better idea?”
The door opened. “Tomorrow’s not going to help me none. Blasted—I’ve been waiting too long already.” The Zac in fine garments stared at Earron and Coita. He quickly introduced himself as Professor La’mamm. “I was told you fine lads might be able to help me. You see, the Sealander never made it to Adrolf.”
They looked at La’mamm, sorrow in their eyes. Earron got to his feet. “Are you one of them who own that special chest?” Earron said, as he and Coita followed La’mamm to his awaiting ride.
While they stood next to the coach, Earron told La’mamm there might be a way to get some friends of theirs to depart for sea that very day. “We’ll need to go to the docks first,” Earron pointed.
La’mamm held the door to the coach open for them, spoke a few orders to the Oowed on the buckboard, and a moment later they were fast on their way to the docks. La’mamm pulled out a pipe from his pocket, and mumbled something sour about the sheriff. “He told me about this dream your friend Kyhawn had. Sounds pretty farfetched, but then again, you never know about such things.” He lit his pipe with consideration.
“It’s early.” Earron glanced out the open window. “We might get lucky and see them off to the south shores, at Torrs Peak. We can take one of old Rembrant’s boats out.”
Coita chuckled. “They’re not much to speak of, but I bet you two glass jars they’ll get us out there.”
La’mamm puffed on his pipe. “Now wait a minute—what makes you lads think these Zacs will be any more reasonable than your sheriff? And even if we get to this Torrs Peak, then what?”
“I’m pretty sure the brothers, Werdna and Nevets will help us.” Earron glanced at Coita with a slight smile, then turned to La’mamm. “But only if you’re willing to pay them well.”
Coita looked at Earron oddly.
La’mamm waved his hand about as he spoke. “Tiallup is no problem.”
Earron glanced at Coita again. He caught as though he was clearing his throat. “We could use some tiallup ourselves.”
La’mamm viewed their ragged garments and gave them a slight grin. “You lads are smarter then I thought. You’re real business Zacs. Okay, what’s this going to cost me?”
Earron and Coita’s eyes sparkled. Although they hadn’t been thinking at first about getting anything out of this except help for friend, they couldn’t ignore the temptation.
As they reached the docks and worked out a payment agreement, they departed the coach to speak with Rembrant.
Coita gave Earron a great big smile. “That is more than we make in two months,” he whispered.
Once they managed to obtain a small boat, they headed straight out to where they thought Werdna and his brother Nevets were fishing. Earron and Coita were at the oars while La’mamm sat in front when they spotted their fishing boat, the Mothcuh.
The brothers were throwing their fishing nets over the side. Nevets chuckled. “Look who’s decided to come to work today after all.”
They secured the small boat alongside and climbed aboard the Mothcuh.
“Tell me, what brings you all out this way?” Werdna looked at the ragged old boat and laughed. “Where did you get that piece of driftwood?”
“I hope you didn’t give anyone too much for it!” Nevets roared as the rest of the crew aboard the Mothcuh had a good laugh.
“That’s not your boat, is it?” Werdna jokingly asked La’mamm.
La’mamm answered with a friendly smile, “No, but I can see you and your crew are in a splendid mood.”
Earron crossed his arms commandingly. “If you guys would stop joking, you might not have to keep fishing so hard to get that new fishing boat you’ve been talking about buying.” Earron glared at Nevets. “This is Professor La’mamm. He’s got an important business opportunity for you.”
Everyone calmed down as their attention focused on La’mamm. “Let me cut through the crap and get to the point,” he told them. “Whatever tiallup you’re making here, I can double it. In return I need the use of you Zacs and your vessel. These lads here have informed me that this here vessel is equipped for deep sea, and that it’s swift. Even though it seems a bit worn,” he slapped the wooden railing, “I think it’ll do. That’s if what these lads tell me is true.”
Whispers echoed throughout the fishing boat. Werdna gave his brother a puzzled look. “What’s he talking about?” He looked at La’mamm. “Who are you?” He then turned to Earron and Coita. “You guys put him up to this, didn’t you?”
“No one put me up to anything. You know that cruise ship, the Sealander?”
Werdna held the net firm. “We do.”
Nevets quickly jumped in. “I see these two have been filling your head with stories about dreams.”
Once again laughter filled the Mothcuh.
“The blasted ship never made it to Adrolf,” La’mamm continued. “No one has seen neither hide nor hair of the Sealander since it departed these waters.”
The laughter became an echo lost in the waves beneath. All eyes were on Earron and Coita.
Werdna and Nevets swallowed their pride as they glanced at their crew, then stepped to one side for a private conversation. A few minutes later, they approached La’mamm.
Nevets asked, “You mean if we take you out to search for the Sealander, you’ll pay us twice as much as we can possibly make fishing occton for the next four … five days?”
La’mamm relit his pipe, taking a few puffs. “That depends on how much we’re talking about.”
“How does one thousand tiallups sound?”
La’mamm bit hard on his pipe, grinding his teeth. “I’ll give you nine hundred and no more.”
Werdna shook his head. “Nine hundred and fifty tiallups.”
La’mamm pressed his hands to his hips and walked away, then turned back to look at them. “Nine hundred and fifty tiallups.” He groaned and reached into his coat. “These charts I brought will tell us the exact route they took.”
The nets were dragged in. As soon as they could they returned to shore and took care of the occton. While Earron and Coita returned the small boat, they gathered supplies and made ready for a deep sea voyage.

*                  *                  *

Later that evening, Werdna stood at the helm of the small but efficient bridge. He looked at the compass, glanced at La’mamm, and then adjusted his scarf attached to his straw hat. He said confidently, “I told you earlier this looking glass allows us to see eight miles in all directions, but only in good weather. If they’re out this way, you can bet us a mess of glass jars we’ll find them.”
La’mamm was puzzled by the expression. “I don’t know about glass jars, but one thing’s for sure—say a storm did throw the Sealander in the wrong direction. It still couldn’t have taken them off their route more than a few miles.” He glanced at Earron, then reached into his coat for some tobacco leaf.
La’mamm seemed able to talk for hours about nothing, Earron thought as he took his lucky scarf from his inside coat pocket and tied it loosely around his neck. He finally had had enough of La’mamm’s bragging and decided to let Werdna have the professor to himself.
La’mamm seemed to smoke constantly as he spoke. “You know, I’ve been known to talk off even an Oowed’s patience. Have you ever owned one?”
“I can’t say that I have,” Werdna grinned, “but something tells me you have.”
“In fact I own two. They’re excellent servants, better than Zacs. They don’t talk back, and their patience is well known. I must say they’re worth the tiallup and more. Not too smart, but if they were, they probably wouldn’t have those funny tails, droopy ears, and all of that fur.” He chuckled.
Werdna continued to smile and grin at La’mamm’s endless bragging, occasionally waving the smoke away from his face. He finely had the land-lover prop the door open to clear some of the smoke. But then as the evening faded into night, and stars dominated the ocean sky, the time passed, and eventually the night grew old as early morning turned into dawn. The following day proved uneventful. Emaya’s words began to haunt Earron and Coita. They were starting to give up hope of finding any sign of life.
Later that night Earron was sitting on a bench secured to the railing; he stared at the waves reflecting the moon. He was lost in deep thought as the fog began to settle in. I wonder if pirates captured the Sealander. Did they take them to the islands of Tryon? That’s said to be their hideout. Even worse, maybe they killed everyone aboard, took off everything of value, then burned the ship.
As the Mothcuh cradled them while breaking through the rhythm of waves, Earron pondered many things as he stared into the fog, which seemed to be leading them nowhere. The window standing on the water in Kyhawn’s dreams. Is that where the Sealander is—lost in one of those dreams?
Coita came up alongside Earron. “Want a fresh cup of tea?”
When Earron reached for it, they felt a hard bounce off portside. The cup dropped and spilt out onto the deck. He and Coita rushed portside. “I think it was only the waves slapping against the boat,” Coita said as he swallowed what was left of his tea. “But wait— there’s something out there.” When he leaned over the wooden railing, a clump of his greased-back brown hair fell forward. He turned his narrow face toward the bridge. “Turn around, Nevets!” he shouted.
Earron leaned over the railing; his dark curly hair slapping against his round face as he squinted into the fog. “There it is. I see it too—but what is it?”
Nevets brought the Mothcuh to an idle and they retraced their course as closely as possible.
“Look—there it is again. It’s a lifeboat.” Earron pointed.
Werdna grabbed two ropes. “We’ll lasso it.” He tossed Earron one.
They tried for a while without any success. Finally Earron, desperate to find out where the small boat came from, gave Coita one end of his rope. “Keep hold of it,” he directed as he tossed his coat aside and began to take off his garments.
“You’re not going over the side?” Coita questioned, his blue eyes widening with concern.
“Just keep hold of your end,” Earron repeated as he climbed over the railing into the cold water. He struggled for a moment but managed to swim alongside the lifeboat. He secured the rope around the bench plank and hung on. “It’s half full of water. Pull me in quick.”
After they dragged the boat alongside, Coita and Ralz, one of the fisher-Zacs, reached for Earron, and he climbed aboard.
Nevets stuck his head out the bridge door. “You’re one barmy Zac.” He envied Earron’s bravery.
“You’re freezing.” Coita held his shoulders. “Werdna went to get some towels.”
Earron was too busy shivering to say a word.
Werdna came back with both towels and blankets. “Good job.”
Moments later the small boat rested on the main deck next to the steam-shaft. The entire crew gathered around. Earron wrapped himself in a blanket, knelt beside it, and read the letters on the side. “S E A … E R. Some letters are missing, but it must be from the Sealander!” He gave them a long look, then glared at the ocean.
La’mamm gestured impatiently. “Something else is out there.”
Earron got to his feet and stood next to the steam shaft for warmth.
Werdna and Ralz tied a harpoon to a rope and thrust it at the object repeatedly without any success.
Earron went to the railing and spoke sharply, “This is taking way too long.” He dropped his blanket, tied a rope around his waist, shoved the other end in Coita’s hand, and before his good friend had a chance to talk him out of it, Earron jumped into the water again. All eyes were on him as he neared the floating object. “There’s some broken planks here, and a chest.”
La’mamm leaned over the railing. “Leave the planks—grab the chest. Blast it, lad, and hurry before you freeze to death.” He shivered.
Earron grabbed hold and swam portside, one hand gripping the chest. “Throw me another rope.”
La’mamm rubbed his lower back. “Someone jump in and give him a hand. Crap … I’d go, but I have a bad back.”
Werdna slung off his boots and stripped down. Ralz handed him the rope, and he jumped in beside Earron. Together they secured the chest. With the help of Coita, Ralz, and crew-Zac Hielmon, Earron, and Werdna were soon on the main deck, both now wrapped in blankets and towels.
They hoisted the chest aboard. La’mamm leaned close. “It’s my artifacts.” His grayish eyes widened with hope. “I had this chest specially designed for this type of disaster, but I haven’t actually seen it tested before. I had to leave Chamquinil before its construction.” They gathered around while he knelt before the chest and prayed.
As they waited respectfully, Werdna looked at Earron sympathetically. “I’m really sorry we didn’t listen to you and Coita the other day.”
Earron held back his tears as he stared at Werdna, whom he liked very much. His feelings mixed, he didn’t say a word as he gazed out at the sea.
Coita gave Earron another cup of tea. Earron embraced it with both hands but continued to stare out at the foggy seawater.
The tall skinny La’mamm started to preach. “God be with them, but may the evil perish and the rachis prosper.” He slipped on his leather gloves and cleared the seaweed aside, exposing its amazing carvings. “Wait, the blasted chest isn’t supposed to have a regular lock system—open it!”
Nevets shouted down from the helm. “Bust it open! Use a harpoon.”
O’Rost, another member of the crew, grabbed a harpoon hanging from the exterior of the bridge cabin wall.
Nevets shouted, “Ralz, come up here and take the wheel!”
Ralz grunted but did as he was ordered.
Keyed up, La’mamm puffed hard on his pipe “My artifacts could be in here for all I know—be careful.” He leaned forward and waved his arms. “Careful … careful.”
On the second swing, O’Rost snapped the padlock.
“Stand back. I’ll be the one to open it.” La’mamm pushed them aside. He slung the lid upward. “Crap … there’s nothing in here but a bunch of soaking wet books, clothes, and more crap.” He stood angrily, hands pressed to his hips, and peered out at the ocean. “My chest is still out there … somewhere in this area.”
The others remained silent. Their thoughts were no longer on the chest, but of Kyhawn and everyone aboard the Sealander.
The silence broke when Werdna, a short stocky silverish-blue Zac with long black hair and dark piercing eyes, spoke with an evident concern in his voice: “If the ship did sink, there are sure to be survivors in need of our help.” He turned to his brother. “Nevets, don’t you think we should start the motor and circle around looking for them?”
Nevets, who usually felt the world circulated around him, turned and started toward the steps to the bridge.
“Looks as though this lifeboat drifted from due west,” Hielmon said. The rest of them indicated their agreement with a few nods, and one, “yes in deed,” from O’Rost.
Earron was sitting on the steps in Nevets’s path. He stood, grabbed him, and began to shake him. “If you’d taken us out here when we first asked you—this wouldn’t have happened.”
Coita did his best to pull Earron away.
Werdna grabbed Nevets. “My brother and I couldn’t have predicted this. If we had, we would have been here sooner.” He tried to pull his brother away from him. “You know that to be true, Earron.”
Coita jerked Earron’s hand loose from Nevets’s throat. Earron pulled Nevets’s hat onto his face as Nevets took a few wild swings, but missed him.
Werdna and O’Rost finally separated them. O’Rost muttered, “I’m not letting you go until you promise to take your brother’s advice about the search.”
“Sure.” Nevets shook them both off. “But listen up, Earron—how were we supposed to know that barmy dream of Kyhawn’s was going to come true?” He turned, stomped up the steps, and grabbed the wheel. “I’ll take it from here.”
A drop of rain splashed on Earron’s face, then another, and another. Unsure of Earron’s mood, Coita stepped aside. A moment later, a strange gust of wind passed over them.
Coita grabbed Earron’s clothes. “Let’s go inside and get you dressed.”
Except for the sounds of rain splashing, the air was quiet. Coita knew how it was to lose someone you truly loved, for the mighty Zacton Ocean had taken his family to their death years earlier. Nonetheless he had hope in his eyes as he embraced Earron. “There’s still a good chance he’s alive,” he said as he handed him his coat. Earron slipped it on and they walked out into the drizzle, a drop of rain washing a tear from Earron’s face.
A few minutes later, while La’mamm had been talking with O’Rost, it stopped raining. La’mamm pointed excitedly. “Over there—a flame!”
All eyes were staring in the direction of La’mamm’s silverish-blue finger. They saw nothing but water fading into darkness and fog.
“It was probably the fog playing tricks,” O’Rost said. “It does that during this season.”
Coita looked hard. “I can see it, but what kind of weird light is that way out here?” Puzzled, he glanced at Earron, and they stared at the somewhat obscured light flickering between fog and shadows.
Nevets turned the Mothcuh toward the lights.
They were mystified. “A fire out here?” Werdna questioned.
Coita leaned close, his blue eyes wide with alarm. “The Sealander—it must be on fire. What else can it be… way out here in the middle of nowhere…?”
“What else but a large ship?” Werdna pondered as he ran up the flight of steps. “Pick up speed, Nevets. Maybe we can still save them.”
La’mamm prayed that Goducess might allow him to take the ancient artifacts to his religious group before others with lesser intentions found them. He gritted his teeth, as he caught a glimpse of something moving in the water.
Earron and Coita stared at it intensely. “Down there!” Earron gestured. “Someone’s in the water!”
The others all gazed over the side in the hope of seeing survivors. But instead an enormous ghostly snake-like creature sprang high above them. La’mamm dropped to his knees and covered his head in prayer. As the creature came thrusting down upon him, La’mamm screamed. However, the creature went right through him, and the fishing boat.
They stared at La’mamm, not believing their eyes. La’mamm fell forward, his elbows hitting the deck. “What the crap was that?” He looked at himself to see if he was still in one piece.
“Werdna, watch out!” Earron shouted. He leaped across at Werdna, pushing him to safety, but getting himself now in the way of the creature.
Werdna caught only a glimpse of it as it tried to wrap itself around Earron. Seconds later the creature vanished before their eyes.
“Turn around, Nevets—get us out of here!” Werdna shouted along with the rest of them.
Ralz and Hielmon had gone for the weapons. Quickly they handed them out to everyone.
Another snake-like creature arched above them. Earron jumped away in time as Coita swung his sword, which went through it as if it were a ghost.
Hielmon stood against the cabin wall, sword in hand. “The fire—it’s not a ship at all. I see trees and a beach.”
“I see land!” Earron exclaimed, a splinter of hope in his voice. “Keep going for the lights, Nevets!”
“But this can’t be …” Nevets rubbed his eyes, blinking. “There aren’t any landforms out this way,” he said out loud to himself as he turned the Mothcuh again toward the lights.
Kyhawn’s dreams swept between Werdna’s words as he spoke. “To the lights, Nevets—take us to the lights!”
SLAM! Another snake-like creature appeared, but this time it felt solid. Its hollow piercing claws raked the entire length of the fishing boat, making horrid scratching sounds. Seconds later another one gripped the rail, trying to stop them. Nevets was unable to shift into a higher gear. Another slammed against the bow.
“They’re not sea serpents!” Earron shouted.
Coita stood behind him. “They’re not snakes either.” He came up from behind Earron, one hand over Earron’s shoulder, the other pointing over his other shoulder, “Look—there’s its body.”
“I see it. I see ,” Earron exclaimed. His eyes wide opened. His round face possessed a dreadful look of intense fear. “Wild. It’s a sea monster alright.”
“Yeah, and those are its tentacles,” Coita pointed fearfully as he and Earron stood back-to-back with their swords ready.
“Look out!” Earron shouted.
Coita tripped over his own feet and dropped his sword. His body hit the deck and a violet crystal spilled out. He rolled over to one side and grabbed it just as a tentacle landed on the spot where he had lain. Its hollow claws made the eerie scratching sound again against the deck as it disappeared into the water. Coita slammed the crystal against the deck, then huddled next to Earron. “Nothing’s happening—”
“I don’t remember what that one’s supposed to do,” Earron said, frantically searching his memory.
“We’re being attacked from all sides!” La’mamm fled for shelter.
The creatures rocked the Mothcuh trying to make them go overboard.
Coita stumbled again and Earron fell against the railing behind him. Coita hit the deck hard. He rolled over and grabbed his sword as a tentacle reached for Earron. Werdna went to Earron’s side, swung his sword, and sliced it in half. Earron dived face first onto the deck. Next to him the severed tentacle flopped around madly. Earron rolled over and thrust his blade into it, and another severed tentacle hit the deck. He slashed repeatedly as if he were also trying to kill the pain he felt inside, then jumped to his feet in readiness.
The violet crystal rolled back and forth across the deck.
Coita hacked into pieces a severed tentacle flopping around.
“Look out behind you, Coita!” Earron reached out for him while fighting off another tentacle.
The tentacle grabbed Coita’s hood and slammed him against a railing. Coita lay against it dazed. The creature let loose and attacked again as though wanting to get a better grip on him.
Werdna jumped to his feet to save Hielmon from another attack, but it was too late. Hielmon screamed as a tentacle slapped him against the steam shaft, wrapped around him, and then plunged its claws deep into his flesh.
Earron dragged Coita to the cabin. He glanced at the crystal, trying frantically to get Coita to respond, asking repeatedly, “Did you say the magic word?”
The motor sputtered. Nevets cried out, “They’re clogging the propeller.” A tentacle bounced off the bridge and cracked the windshield.
While Werdna, O’Rost, and Ralz were fighting them off near the bow, another tentacle swept over Earron and Coita. At the end of this one was a horrifying face. It probed back and forth between them, its mouth opening to expose its fangs and a long pointed tongue.
Earron laid Coita aside, picked up his sword, and began to stab the creature. He dodged the terrible face as it snapped at him. On its third attempt, it went for Coita instead. Earron swung, shouting, “You slimy fiend!” White blood sprayed him and Coita as the severed head dangled from the tentacle. Earron jabbed it, losing his sword in the thick of its flesh. The creature fled into the water.
A moment later Coita woke to find Earron leaning over him. Another headed tentacle was coming up behind going for Earron. The crystal smacked against Coita’s face. Quickly he grabbed it, remembering the magic word. “E-no-moa-tos-ess!” he shouted.
Earron dodged the creature again. He dived for a sword lying on the deck, rolled over, then jumped to his feet swinging. Another tentacle slapped him from behind. He fell face down onto the deck, turning over to find the headed tentacle staring at him. Earron’s dark orange eyes stared back at it. Coita dodged another tentacle pouncing on the deck.
 At the helm, Nevets faced the same dilemma. A headed tentacle slammed its head against the bridge door. It stared at him intensely as its body almost draped the edge of the railing weighing the Mothcuh down. The headed tentacle crashed through the door and snapped at Nevets legs. He creamed for help as he tried to defend himself.
Meanwhile Earron rolled to one side and then the other as yet another headed tentacle snapped at him.
A tentacle thumped the deck next to Coita and reached above him. “E-no-moa-tos-ess!” he repeated, as he hit the violet crystal against the deck. Within seconds, violet smoke covered the deck and slowly rolled off into the waters.
There was only quiet while the smoke picked them up and cradled them all the way to the shallow cliffs of the island where they were helped ashore by the Zacs on bonfire duty. The violet smoke slowly faded, but not before they were safe.
The razor-sharp claws ripped across the deck and over the railing, but those sounds faded as the creatures seemingly realized no one was aboard.
By this time, most everybody from camp either was already there or fast on their way.
“Is there a doctor among you?” Werdna pleaded. “My brother’s leg was bitten off by one of those creatures.”
“Let me down,” Nevets cried as Werdna laid him on the ground. Werdna quickly took off his coat and wrapped it tightly around Nevets’s bleeding leg, where from just beneath his knee down nothing was left but a stub.
“The pain,” Nevets pleaded. “Please do something to stop the pain.”
Shya, one of the King’s soldiers, and two of the passengers quickly offered Nevets some zuetia leaves to help ease the pain.
Soon Shellean and two others were at his aid. “We need to get him to the medic cabin,” she told them.
When Earron saw Kyhawn, they stood gazing at each other as if they couldn’t believe they were both really there.
Coita came up between them. “Are you guys going to greet each other or what?”
Earron, more surprised than Kyhawn, opened his arms. “For the past two hours I’ve been thinking I’d never see you again,” Earron told him, feeling an overwhelming sense of relief. “When we came upon these sea monsters, I thought for sure they’d eaten you alive.” He took a deep breath. “We could easily have been killed ourselves.”
Kyhawn’s huge smile reflected Earron’s expression. Earron glanced at Coita. “Come here,” he gestured.
Earron grabbed Coita by the arm, and the three of them embraced. “If it weren’t for Coita, we wouldn’t be here,” Earron explained as he began the long story about the crystals.

CHAPTER 5:

While some of them remained at the bonfire and beach area for a while longer, most of them returned to camp and began trading stories around the fire-pits. Sounds of both sorrow and joy filled the air.
However, Kyhawn, Alil, and La’mamm stayed at the white sand beach between the shallow cliffs and the location where the Sealander had sunk. As they walked toward the natural arch nearest the wreck where beautiful natural arches stretched all along the southeast shores, the moon appeared from behind a cluster of clouds. Kyhawn stared at the beautiful elongated natural arch that created a passage between the white sand beach and the rocky sand beach on the far side. To their left, the arch’s peak tapered off, creating a ridge between the two beaches. To their right, sharp rocks protruded out into the ocean and vanished under the waves. Kyhawn’s eyes moved toward the Sealander’s bow.
It was here they stopped and briefed La’mamm on what had happened so far. They also told La’mamm they felt Washburrn, who had gone to the ruins with a small group, should be the one to take him to the chest. When he heard this, his previously kindly attitude seemed to disappear. He packed his pipe with a growl. “When will that be?”
Kyhawn glanced at Alil. “Hopefully soon.”
“If that’s the way it’s going to be,” La’mamm grunted as he turned away from them almost pouting. He turned back around facing them. “Now if you will excuse me,” he stressed abruptly turning the other way. He walked across the white sand beach and up the hillside to the bonfire.
Kyhawn felt somewhat uncomfortable about La’mamm’s restlessness. “I’m not so sure about him. I mean … I’m not sure how to put it in words, but …” He looked at Alil as she stooped to pick up something. “What do you have there?”
“It’s a sea-coin shell, and it’s whole.” Alil smiled. “I haven’t seen one of these since I was a young girl.” She held it happily as a memory of a more innocent time.
“That’s nice. But odd.”
“Odd why?”
Hand-over-chin, Kyhawn answered. “It’s just that’s the first shell I’ve seen since we’ve been here.”
“You could say I got lucky then.”
“Yes.” Kyhawn slowly nodded. “We could use some luck.”
Alil studied the shell for a moment longer, then slipped it into her pocket and smiled as though she had found a token of good luck. Soon after they walked together back to camp. And for the most part they didn’t say a word. Lost in their own thoughts about all that had happened thus far. When they arrived Alil tapped Kyhawn on the shoulder. “Rest well. I’m going to the medic cabin before I turn in.”

*                 *                 *

All seemed quiet the next day while they repaired Werdna and Nevets’s fishing boat and waited for Washburrn’s return. Nevets was healing well, lying in the bed next to Captain Joenf in the medic cabin. But Werdna was not pleased about the cracked windshield and busted door aboard the Mothcuh. “With the price of glass being so high, and all of these other damages, I’m going to make sure La’mamm pays us extra,” he groaned. But deep down his true anger were the loss of Hielmon and his brother almost getting killed.
Before the morning had passed, Dylc heard about the magic crystals and seized them from Earron and Coita. According to Dylc, it was for their safety. They didn’t like it, but they didn’t have a choice.
Afterward Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita sat in Washburrn’s sleeping space. “Tell me.” Kyhawn looked at Earron. “Earlier you were saying you visited Emaya, but then we were interrupted. What else did she say about my dreams?” He took a sip of juice and sat on Washburrn’s bed.
“She didn’t have a chance to say much,” Earron said. “Her nurse was there. The nurse didn’t want Emaya getting all worked up about your dreams.”
“Yes, but tell me whatever she said.”
“That all of you were in grave danger. That’s why she gave us the crystals. She said we’d need them. She also said that we were a part of your dreams. But her nurse made us leave before she had a chance to say anything else.”
Kyhawn rubbed his chin. “You are a part of my dreams. You’re here.” He crossed his legs and leaned forward. “Those crystals will come in handy when we get off this island.” He gave Earron a compassionate look. “Don’t be so upset that Dylc took them. He means well.”
“They already saved our lives once,” Earron noted. “We were afraid those monsters were going to sink us if we didn’t fight them off.” He paused. “That’s when Coita slammed the violet crystal on the deck and saved us.” he clapped Coita’s shoulder.
Kyhawn smiled at Coita and nodded, “Fast thinking.”
Coita was honored, considering he felt left out during most of their conversation.
Kyhawn switched subjects. “Anyway, about that dagger-key I told you guys about last night.”
“What about it?” Earron asked glancing at Coita.
“I haven’t told you the entire story.” Kyhawn rubbed his chin as though in thought. “I want us to camp out at that beach, near the shallow cliffs, and make a sandcastle. We’ll wait for the tide to come in and flood it. Then the following morning, if my theory proves true … there should be a dagger-key on top the washed out sandcastle,” he explained, adding. “There’s a cave not but two miles or so from here,” he pointed.
“You told us last night all about the cave and those Zacs who found that wired key, and that they went missing,” Coita said, glancing at Earron.
“You did,” Earron refreshed his memory. “You also told us about Mekon and what happened to those other two with him. And those ruins on the mountaintop.”
“Yeah, and you also told us about the shipwreck … and you having some more of those wired dreams, and .…”
“Okay, fine … I remember. It was a long night.”
They looked at Kyhawn oddly. “What about camping out on the beach?” Earron asked.
“Anyway, that dagger-key was found lying on a washed-out sandcastle some kids had constructed the night before it was discovered.” Kyhawn’s eyes glowed. “I thought we should make them and see if that dagger-key appears the following morning. What do you think—is it a barmy idea or what?”
Earron leaned over and wrapped his arm around Kyhawn. “You’ve had crazier ones. But if the key’s with those others, then why should we expect it to show up on the beach in the morning?”
“Yeah, that’s what I was thinking,” Coita shrugged. “This all sounds a bit too weird.”
“Don’t ask me to explain it any more than I already have. I just know that dagger-key is a part of my dreams. It must be,” he explained. “And that cave, and sandcastles. They’re all connected somehow.” He wanted to tell them more details about his dreams, but instead he stared at Earron. “You’ve seen the drawing in my room back home. There’s something strange going on here. I just have to know what it is. Are you guys with me?” He possessed a look of adventure. “It’s possible a treasure’s hidden behind that door.”
Earron glanced at Coita with a nod. “Not that I understood the drawings too well, but I’ve seen them.” His expression changed to one of adventure. “I think we should do it.” His round face and dark orange eyes shone in the candlelight. He looked at Coita and smiled.
Kyhawn motioned with his hands as he spoke, a creative and inspired look dominating his expression. He leaned close to Coita. “What do you think?”
Once again Coita felt honored. Finally they wanted his opinion. “The part about making sandcastles sounds fun,” he said, clearing his throat. “But I think watching a tide come in to see if a key appears after it goes back out sounds dumb. Boring too.” He glanced at Earron. “And not to mention weird, to say the least.”
“Come on Coita—it’d be wild if one did appear. Who knows what we’d find behind that cave wall? Besides, could be a magic key, or maybe there’s more than one key. And one has already been found on the beach.” Earron leaned close. “Who cares if it sounds a bit … weird?”
Coita looked at Kyhawn, then at Earron. “Okay. If you’re going to do this, Earron, so am I.”
Kyhawn looked at Earron, “If you guys are going back with Professor La’mamm, we’ll need to go down there tonight.”
“We’re not going back with them. Coita and I’ve decided we’ve had enough of those sea monsters for one week. Besides, if there’s any treasure behind that cave wall, we want in on it. Another ship is sure to come by this way sometime soon. By then, we’ll have those murderers in ropes, and who knows? Maybe even some loot of our own.”
Coita’s face lit up with the thought of a dream come true. “It’d be awfully nice to afford our own fishing boat.”
Earron smiled. “Coita and I are staying. Those elderly Zacs already have their wealth to go home to and enjoy. What do we have besides some old shack?”
“Okay with me.” Kyhawn leaned against the wall. “Then we stay up tonight and make sandcastles.”
That night, well armed and prepared to camp out, Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita along with Tobben and Zeal, who were on guard duty at the bonfire that night, ventured together out to the white sand beach.
“Good luck with your … theory,” Zeal said as Tobben and he let out a slight chuckle while ascending the hillside to keep watch.
No sooner then Kyhawn, Earron and Coita had constructed a masterpiece of a sandcastle near the shallow cliffs than it started to rain. Disappointed, they grabbed their gear and headed back for camp.
As they walked in silence, Kyhawn took one last look at their sandcastle before they disappeared into the foliage. Mystified by this island, he struggled to thread together his dreams so they might all make it home safely.
The only source of light in the camp came from the three cabins. While they walked around the edge under the trees to avoid the rain, a dark figure stood under a tree near Washburrn’s sleeping space. Kyhawn felt uneasy until the figure lowered his crossed arms giving them a warm smile and a welcoming gesture with his hands.
Earron leaned close to Kyhawn. “It’s La’mamm.”
“Kyhawn, might I speak to you in private?” La’mamm asked. “You can join your friends afterward. I’m sure they’d like to go ahead and get inside where it’s more comfortable.”
Another Zac approached from behind La’mamm. The large silverish-purple skinned, Lord Mytoolwan, a wealthy landowner, introduced himself, “Why … Young Master Kyhawn, it’s a pleasure to speak with you.”
“I know who you are, Lord Mytoolwan, sir. I take it you guys are old friends?”
Lord Mytoolwan dropped his hood exposing his black hair and yellow eyes. “Yes, we are,” he said as he slung his fancy cloak over his shoulders.
“What is it you want to talk about?”
La’mamm glanced meaningfully at Earron and Coita.
Kyhawn turned to his two friends. “I’ll be with you guys in a few minutes.” He noticed the worried expression on Earron’s face. “I’ll be fine.”
Earron shook his head, then motioned for him to approach. He jerked on his coat and whispered, “You sure you don’t want us to join you.”
“I’ll only be a few minutes. If it stops raining, the three of us can make another attempt at those sandcastle, and continue our campout. By the way, could you get the coffee and tea to take back with us? I forgot them the first time we went down there.” Kyhawn slipped off his cabac. “Could you please take this inside with you, and my blanket too, so they don’t get so wet.”
Earron and Coita looked at each other. Coita shrugged. “Whatever.”
“We’ll be inside waiting. Here, take this lamp with you.” Earron didn’t feel right about the situation. He didn’t know why, but at the time he didn’t see any real harm. He tapped Coita’s shoulder. “Come on.”
No sooner had Earron and Coita gone passed Washburrn’s sleeping space, and around the corner into the sleeping cabin, La’mamm suggested, “Let’s walk over there where no one will hear us.” He puckered his lips as though he needed a drink. “Right over here.”
“There isn’t anyone right here.” Kyhawn hesitated.
“With these low-life Grongels, I mean pirates about, you can’t be sure when one might be listening. Over here,” he motioned.
Kyhawn thought, should I trust him? We are right next to camp. Alil thinks he’s square. This guy with him seems respectable enough. He glanced over his shoulder at Washburrn’s sleeping space but saw nothing but darkness. He wished Washburrn were nearby. “Come on,” La’mamm urged him.
Finally Kyhawn held the lantern out in their direction. “Okay, but only for a few minutes.” They walked about fifteen feet off to one side of camp.
Kyhawn held the lantern to their faces. “This will do.” He stood his ground straight, one hand over the sword hanging from his hip.
“You don’t have any reason not to trust us.” La’mamm had on a welcoming expression, his arms out.
Lord Mytoolwan also gave him a reassuring look. “Come lad—over here.”
“This will do.” Kyhawn’s polite manner began to loosen like worn-out threads. “You want to talk about the chest?”
La’mamm smiled. “I do.” He drew nearer and Kyhawn stepped back. “We don’t have time to wait for your friend Washburrn. For all we know, he might be dead.”
“He’s not dead. And what do you mean—my friend Washburrn?” Kyhawn stepped back ever further. “I thought Washburrn was your friend as well.” He felt nervous. Words from Emaya came to mind: The world is changing, and the end of these times is near. He drew his short-bladed sword. “Come any closer and I’ll … I’ll …” His hand trembled.
A Zac came up from behind him, pressed a dagger against his throat, and grabbed his arm twisting his wrist. Kyhawn’s sword hit the ground.
La’mamm grabbed the lantern.
Kyhawn tilted his head back and muttered angrily, “I felt there was something fishy about you. You guys are religious fanatics.” He spit in La’mamm’s face. “You and your kind give spiritual practice an unpleasant smell.”
La’mamm slapped Kyhawn across the face. “God punishes the wicked.”
He moved as if to strike him again, but Lord Mytoolwan grabbed his arm. “We need him in one piece.” He then whispered something in La’mamm’s ear.
La’mamm’s pipe hung from his lips, grinding it between his teeth.  “We’ll let go of your arm, but don’t try anything stupid.” He paused. “Since you’re not going to voluntarily take us to that chest, I’ve decided to give you a little incentive.” La’mamm chuckled as he glanced at his comrades, his gray eyes gleaming with success.
Kyhawn looked at them oddly. “What do you mean—a little incentive?”
“Keep your voice down or we’ll kill you where you stand,” whispered Lairron, who had been a passenger on the Sealander. As he let out an awful cough, sweat ran down his round face. Kyhawn could feel his breath.
As they continued on another passenger followed close by Lairron talking in a foreign language. Lairron nudged Kyhawn forward. “Keep your eyes straight ahead.”
While a dark blanket of foliage hung over them, rain dripped from the leaves. But Kyhawn suddenly stopped again. “I’d rather be torn apart by those sea monsters than take you to the chest.”
“I think you will change your mind,” La’mamm told him with a chuckle. “Bring her out here.”
Shellean and another familiar face appeared from behind the overlapping shadows.
Kyhawn was more confused now then ever. While she stared at him with tears in her eyes, he glared at the Zac holding her captive. He couldn’t believe it: “O’Rost, what are you doing siding with these pathetic fanatics?”
O’Rost stood silently behind her.
“You’re a fool,” Kyhawn told him. “All of you are fools!”
As a dagger pressed against his throat, he thought, No, I’m the fool. I am most definitely the fool. I don’t have any choice but to hand over the chest. But what if she’s one of them? But then, what if she’s not, and I get her killed? Washburrn did say it was me she was after and not the chest. He looked at Shellean. “I’m sorry you had to get in the middle of this.”
She lowered her head. A puddle of rain held captive by a leaf above them collapsed and splattered the ground in front of her. Her eyes filled with fear that something similar would happen to her.
Kyhawn looked away. He was confronting the most difficult decision he had ever made in his life.
O’Rost glared at Kyhawn. “Are you going to take us there, or are we going to teach this pretty female some of our discipline techniques?” Obviously greed had brought out the worst in him. “No books here to find the answer in.” He laughed. “And no wizard here named Emaya to save you.”
Lord Mytoolwan stepped between them. “That’s enough.”
Kyhawn gave Shellean another look. “All right—I’ll take you.” His cheeks flushed with anger as he began to lead the way. He glared at La’mamm who held the lantern in front of them as their shadows moved in rhythm on their dreaded journey.

CHAPTER 6:

As they reached the graveyard, Lord Mytoolwan turned to Kyhawn. “You’re a reasonable lad … shame you’re not siding with us. The world is changing, and Goducess rewards those who labor for him.”
“I’d rather die,” Kyhawn retorted, “than associate with anyone who uses religion to justify their evil deeds.”
La’mamm stopped and held the lantern to Kyhawn. “The only talk I want coming from you is when we arrive, and that better be soon.” He glared at Lord Mytoolwan. “Don’t speak to him. He’s too ignorant to understand.”
The long minutes passed as they neared the graveyard. Kyhawn stopped and looked around. “I’m not sure where it’s buried.” He quickly added. “I mean I know where it’s located on the map, but I don’t have it on me,” he said as he noticed the fresh graves, along with some grave stones that appeared to date back for as long as the old cabins they were staying in had been erected.
Kyhawn took one last look around the small grave sight, while La’mamm handed the lantern to one of the passengers who called himself Coilpec, then grabbed Kyhawn by the front of his coat. “You better get that little mind of yours thinking real fast!” He shoved him forward and walked away a few feet almost falling into a freshly dug grave.
Kyhawn was looking forward, beyond the graveyard, trying to get a clearer picture of the map in his minds eye. It was dark out but not so dark that he couldn’t see. He turned to them. “That way,” he pointed, “I’m sure of it.”
The dreaded minutes passed as the search continued. Finally after searching two possible locations near the foot of the mountain with no success Kyhawn stopped. “Here, at the foot of this mountain.” He remembered the hollow forked tree growing against a large boulder. “I’m quite sure this is where it’s buried.” He knelt and ran his hand over the ground. “You can start digging here. There appears to be a fresh hole dug here,” he said as he studied it closely.
He glanced around at them as La’mamm handed him a shovel. “Start digging.”
O’Rost quietly approached Lairron. “Keep a tight grip on her,” he said as he handed Shellean over to him.
“I got her,” Lairron sneezed.
“O’Rost, where you off to?” La’mamm growled. “We need to get this hole dug.”
“I’ve got’a go,” O’Rost said as he went to a nearby tree. What’s that, he thought as he made a quick change of mind and decided to investigate what appeared to be a light colored hat lying under another tree.
Seconds later there was a scream. In haste La’mamm grabbed Kyhawn, and everyone went to see what could have happened to O’Rost, to make him scream so loud.
A brief moment later all eyes were on O’Rost, who was standing in front of a large tree. Its roots grabbed him and pierced his flesh like spikes. The ground opened beneath his feet. Within seconds, he was coiled in its roots, then sucked underground to feed the massive plant. White flowers grew where large roots lay on top of the dark red soil.

*                  *                  *

Meanwhile Earron and Coita were quite disturbed by Kyhawn’s disappearance. They’d searched the entire camp, and according to Alil, Shellean and Dylc were missing as well.
“Let’s go to the beach once more.” Earron leaned against the kitchen cabin door frame, his stomach lurching.
Coita dipped a cup into the water trough, guzzled it down, then hung the cup on a peg. “This is the last time,” he said as he headed for the door. “Could be he and Shellean went off by themselves.”
“He doesn’t even like her, let alone trust her,” Earron said as he glanced at the two Zacs playing their string instrument, then waved to Treb and Bekim who were keeping an eye out near the fire-pits.
“We’ll be sure to tell Kyhawn you’ve been looking for him,” Treb assured them. As he tipped his wide-brimmed hat at them, they hurried to the beach.
But Kyhawn wasn’t there. Coita’s narrow face looked weary. “My foot aches.”
“Quiet! Two Zacs are coming from those trees over there.” Earron placed his hand on top of Coita’s head and pushed him down on the hillside. “We better lay low.”
“The fog’s coming in. This tree and these weeds will keep us from being seen.” Coita shrugged. “But what’s the big deal? That might be Kyhawn and Shellean, or even Dylc over there.”
Then one Zac dropped her hood. Seconds later, the other did as well as they approached the bonfire. Earron’s eyes widened with suspicion. “That male Zac was with Professor La’mamm and Kyhawn.”
“The other Zac—she’s one of those fancy, rich passengers.” Coita frowned.
Earron glanced over his shoulder at the white sand beach directly behind them. Then they both stared at the fishing boat which was out in front of them to their left. As it rocked gently in the water, they looked at one another, somewhat undecided.
Coita got up, but as he was about to get their attention, Earron tugged on his trousers. “No, Coita.  I don’t trust La’mamm. Kyhawn should have been back by now.” Earron picked a sand bug off his leg and ate it. “Besides, we should wait and see what they’re doing.” Earron thought for a moment as he stared at them. He looked at Coita. “You know if you think about it, the only thing La’mamm cares about is getting that chest.”
Coita glanced at him, “Yeah, and remember .…”
“Shhh … listen,” Earron said as they sat close to one another. They could clearly overhear sounds of a conversation, but they couldn’t understand what was being said.
 “What do you think they’re up to?” Coita wondered.
“I think they’re up to no good.” Earron turned to Coita. “We need to find out what happened to Kyhawn, but we’re not getting anywhere.” He glanced at the fishing boat. “It doesn’t make sense. Kyhawn would never tell us he’d meet us but then not show. Something’s wrong. Something’s most definitely wrong.”
Coita elbowed his way up the hillside a bit further and whispered, “I bet you two glass jars they’re trying to get Kyhawn to tell them where that chest is hidden.”
“Sometimes you can be pretty smart, Coita.” Earron elbowed his way up alongside him and whispered, “Could you run to camp one last time? If you can’t find them, find Alil. Tell her La’mamm might have forced Kyhawn to take him to where they buried that chest.”
Coita rubbed his sore foot. “What about Dylc and Shellean—where are they?”
“They’re most likely off together. Who cares?” He lowered his head. “It’s been over two hours.” He looked at Coita compassionately. “Oh wait—your foot. Please, Coita—here, let me give your foot a rub. That usually works.”
After a few minutes of rubbing, Earron looked at him. “You stay here.”
“But—”
Earron patted his leg, “Give your foot a rest, and keep a sharp eye out. I’ll return soon— with help if necessary.” He slid down the hillside, glancing at the pile of sand where the sandcastle once stood. For a split moment he felt wealthy. If only Kyhawns theory would prove true along with a loot of our own behind a cave door? The moment soon slipped away as he took off to camp.
No sooner had Earron vanished into the thick of the trees then Lord Mytoolwan and his lady friend headed toward the fishing boat. Once more Coita heard their voices, but again couldn’t understand a word. Soon after they went back to the bonfire and disappeared behind the wood shelter.
Startled by a splash in the water, Coita turned. I wish my foot didn’t ache so badly. I don’t like being here alone. He looked back at the bonfire. Where did they go off to? 
Startled by another splash, Coita glanced to his left in time to see a dragonfly flying low over the water, then disappearing into the night sky. He moved in a bit. What if that Emit character did live through the shipwreck? La’mamm is probably the captain of these religious pirates. He heard what sounded like branches busting and then a sudden thump. His heart raced as he peered into the trees. Did they see me? Did they see Earron? I let him walk through those dark trees alone. He doesn’t like being in the darkness. Or are they after me? He got to his knees ready to make his escape.
The moment passed. When he glanced back up at the bonfire again, Lord Mytoolwan and his female companion were there. He took a deep breath. A moment later it began to rain. First it rains, then it stops, and then it rains again. As he slung his hood over his head, he heard another noise from behind, but no one was there. He trembled. Could there be someone else after me? Maybe it’s just Earron and Kyhawn. Or—could be one of those big dragonflies …?
As Coita debated his own thoughts, Earron disrupted everyone in camp asking if they’ve seen Kyhawn. However, no one had seen him. After waking some of the Zacs on guard duty in the process, he hurried to the medic cabin again, this time to tell Alil what he thought had happened. He shoved the blanket in the doorway aside. “Alil, we haven’t been able to find Kyhawn anywhere. La’mamm is missing too,” he announced, sounding exhausted. “We need your help, and we need it now. That La’mamm professor forced Kyhawn to go with him—I know he did. We haven’t been able to find Shellean and Dylc either.”
He untied his lucky scarf from around his neck and soaked it in the water bucket. “Kyhawn took off with La’mamm and these other Zacs over two hours ago. We haven’t seen him since.” He squeezed the water from his lucky scarf, got a drink of water, and sat on an empty bed to rest.
“I know. Coita’s told me,” she said, her arms full of towels and her hair a mess.
As Earron went on to explain about the Zacs at the bonfire, he retied his lucky scarf loosely around his neck.
“Males …” she complained. “Why can’t they pick up after themselves?” She glared at Malnur and gave him a stack of dirty towels, thinking to herself, Shellean, where is she? And to think she accused Malnur of leaving camp without telling anyone. And Kyhawn—he probably talked Shellean into going to that cave. Finally she dropped what she was doing and turned to Earron.
Earron tensed up and leaned forward. “You haven’t heard a word I said.”
“Sorry, I’m all ears. What else did you want to tell me?”
“We left Kyhawn talking with La’mamm over two hours ago. He told Coita and me he’d only be a moment. Didn’t Coita tell you about La’mamm and those with him?”
“No, not very much. Just something about making sandcastles.” She flung her arms in the air. “He mentioned that weird key …. I don’t know.” She turned to Malnur. “Don’t forget to give the Captain his medicine. And please change Nevets’s bandages when he wakes up.” She rekindled the fire. “Feels dampish in here,” she murmured. “No wonder they’re all sick.” She grabbed her cloak, “I’ll be outside if you need me.”
As they started out the door, the captain muttered, “La’mamm, is he here?” He raised his head. “I want a word with him. He hasn’t come to visit me yet. La’mamm, is that you? And what’s all the whispering about? I may not be able to see too well, but I haven’t lost my hearing.”
Alil motioned for Malnur to explain, then finally joined Earron outside. He looked at her with pleading eyes. “I wouldn’t blame Kyhawn for Shellean being missing. I don’t know where she is, but La’mamm has taken Kyhawn off in the trees with some of these other Zacs.”
Alil peered around the corner at the fire-pits where Tuenale, Werdna and a few others were sitting. “Do you need our help?” Tuenale asked, followed by Werdna.
“We might,” she replied.
“If you see Kyhawn,” Earron insisted, “keep him here until I return.”
Alil tugged at Earron’s arm, thinking about the safety of the chest, she had quickly became impatient “Well, I never … show me where you saw them last, and by all means let’s try not to upset everyone.”
“I think we should go to the beach and help Coita.” Earron started to walk away, motioning for her to follow. “He’s keeping an eye on the Mothcuh.”
But instead Alil went into the medic cabin and returned with a lantern. “Show me the way they went, this La’mamm and Kyhawn.” She lit the lantern and followed Earron across camp near Washburrn’s sleeping space. She stared at what appeared to be a pile of blankets. “I sure do wish Washburrn were here.” But then suddenly she pulled a blanket aside. “Dylc?”
Earron crouched next to her. “Is he—?”
She pulled the gag from his mouth. “He’s breathing. But the back of his head is wounded.” She tucked a blanket behind his head. “Now we know why we couldn’t find him.”
Dylc opened his eyes, “La’mamm. La’mamm and Coilpec have taken the crystals.” He pressed his hands to his head and moaned.
“The crystals—” Earron stood erect with his arms crossed. “Then we need to get there at once—what are we waiting for?”
“Now just calm down,” Alil insisted. She looked at Dylc, “Can you stand on your own?”
“I think so…?”
Alil and Earron helped him to his feet, quickly explaining what was happening. When Alil felt he grasped the situation, she looked at Earron. “Lead the way.”
Dylc still seemed somewhat dazed. “I need to send Zacs to the beach to save Kyhawn … that fishing boat … from La’mamm?”
“Yes, and by all means hurry—lives are at stake!”
Dylc hurried around the corner to where Werdna and a few others stood alerted from the commotion. And within a few minutes they were fast on their way to the beach.
Meanwhile Earron was leading Alil in the direction La’mamm and his comrades took Kyhawn. “One more thing, when Coita and I followed them out here, they were talking in a foreign language.”
Alil thought, What is all of this? Whoever these Zacs are, surely Kyhawn didn’t take them to that chest. She paused. “Are you certain this is the way they went?”
Earron crossed his arms. “Yes, ma’am, I’m certain.”
“You did right by coming to me.” She placed her hand on his shoulders. “Now I want you to listen, and do as I say. Go back to camp and stay put until all of this is over.”
“But—”
“Please do as I ask,” she said as she disappeared into the trees. Now all she had to do was remember where Washburrn had buried the chest. He shared this secret with her for the second time just before he’d gone to the ruins, but she didn’t think she’d ever need to recover it from her memory.  Which way is it? I wish I had a map to go by. I wish Washburrn was here. All he’s been doing is going away and leaving me in charge. And the Captain, he hasn’t been much good either since the shipwreck. Male Zacs, where are they when you need them most.…
She pondered for a moment longer as she entered the graveyard. Was it to the right of the two trees crossing over each other, or the left? Wait—it wasn’t to the right or the left. It should be straight ahead until I get to the stones with the trees growing from them. She held the lantern out in front. Freshly cut limbs. Good sign someone’s been this way.
Confident she was going in the correct direction, she walked a way farther, and sure enough, there before her were the trees growing from the stones, just like Washburrn had described them. Where to next? Wait a minute, Washburrn and that chest—he had already buried it before he helped Gelhona and the others find their way to the rocks where he came ashore. It has to be in this direction. White flower trees. I need to watch for white flower trees. She shook her head. “What a mess.” After making up her mind which way to go, she went in the direction Washburrn took when he first came ashore, continuing to rely on her instincts and a little common sense.

*                  *                  *

As Werdna, Zeal, and Treb neared the beach they heard the Mothcuh’s motor running.
“They’ve taken the Mothcuh!” Werdna shouted as he reached the beach. “That’s my fishing boat!”
Treb pulled Werdna close. “Might be they’re carrying muskets and pistols. We can’t just go running up the hill.”
“I doubt they have muskets,” Zeal remarked. “We lost them when the Sealander went down.”
A shot was fired from the fishing boat. Seconds later a musket ball plunged into the nearby sand.
“Over here,” a voice whispered.
“It’s Coita,” Werdna said as they crawled up the hillside. They found him lying not far from the edge of the shallow cliffs.
“Get down,” Coita motioned.
Werdna went to where Coita was hidden about half way up the hillside. “My fishing boat!” Werdna slapped his straw hat across his knees.
Coita turned toward them. “Where’s Earron?”
“He was in camp. Last I seen’m,” Treb replied.
Zeal positioned himself next to the shallow cliff peering out at the Mothcuh. He shook his head glancing over his shoulder at Coita. “Not sure where he’s at now.”
Werdna eased up next to Coita. “I thought Dylc said he was coming back down here with you.”
Coita lowered his head. I let Earron go off alone.…
“What about Kyhawn and La’mamm?” Zeal questioned, quickly adding. “Dylc said there’d be trouble down here. He sent a few others up there to the bonfire, and a few in the direction Alil went. He also said La’mamm had taken Kyhawn, those crystals, and that chest. Are they on board with that chest?”
“I saw La’mamm and two others approaching her. But before they pulled out … before I even saw La’mamm board her, I heard some sounds coming from over there,” Coita told them. “When I got back from investigating, they were heading out. Right before you all showed up. For all I know, Earron and Kyhawn could be on board too.”
Werdna glanced at Coita coldly, then looked at Zeal. “Zeal, you weren’t there when Dylc told us, but he said both Earron and Coita were supposed to be down here keeping an eye on the Mothcuh,” he repeated angrily.
Coita threw his arms over his head and wept.
Treb pointed. “What luck—they’ve stalled out the motor!”
Everything was silent as they laid low waiting to see what would happen next, looking about for any signs of the strange sea creatures.
“Those sea monsters,” Coita remarked as he pulled his hood forward to help keep the rain off his face. “I don’t hear anyone screaming.”
Zeal raised up his head to get a better look at the water. “I don’t see any sea creatures.” He glanced over the hillside at the bonfire, but the Zacs there stood by waiting in the same manner as they were waiting, to see what would happen next.
Werdna said angrily, “They have those crystals—maybe they found a way to use them to keep the monsters away. If that motor gets started, they’ll be safely out to open sea in no time.” He lowered his head, shaking it from side to side.
While they peered out at the stalled Mothcuh, the rain came to a dead stop. The moon peeked through the clouds as if gazing down from heaven.
Just as Coita laid low, crossed his arms next to his face and lowered his head in sadness, La’mamm had two of his crew aboard the boat, Coilpec and Lord Mytoolwan’s friend Faliena, go down below to try and figure out the problem with the engine. He stayed back, smoking his pipe impatiently, thinking, At least the blasted rain has stopped. I never did like rain. Always gave me a backache. He patted the pouch of crystals in his pocket.
Below, Coilpec pulled on a rope that started the pump, but all he got was a few spurts and sputters. He looked at Faliena fearfully. “The propeller seems clogged.”
“I’m not going in the water,” Faliena told him. “Keep trying. Possibly it’s just a little seaweed.”
They pulled on the rope for a while longer, but it seemed hopeless. Now Faliena too began to panic. “What’s that thumping sound?”
Coilpec looked at her with alarm. “One of those creatures?”
They traded grave looks as the terror of having to face the sea creatures grew stronger between them.
“I’m not going in the water,” Faliena repeated. “Crystals or no crystals.”
“Keep pulling on the rope.” Coilpec snatched the handle at the end of it. “Wait, you’re doing it the wrong way.”
She put both hands over her face. “I can’t stand that thumping sound any longer.”
Topside, La’mamm stuffed his pipe as if it were a nervous habit. As he lit it and took his first puff a gigantic tentacle appeared. The Mothcuh rocked madly. A railing ripped loose from the deck. “What the crap!” The impact thrust La’mamm against the bridge door. “Blast it—why can’t they get this piece of crap started?” He turned to the wheel, reached into his pocket, and twirled the pouch of crystals in his hand.
Another tentacle slapped Lord Mytoolwan from behind. He fell to the deck as Lairron rushed to his rescue. Seconds later, it started to rain again. The slippery tentacle’s claws brushed the deck as it slithered back into the water. Except for the thumping sounds underneath the boat, all was quiet as La’mamm slipped the pouch of crystals back into his pocket.
 “Lord Mytoolwan, you were almost dinner for that serpent.” Lairron leaned over his companion, harpoon in hand; his body drenched with sweat. Seconds later, he dropped the harpoon, staggered, and fell flat on his face.
Lord Mytoolwan rolled Lairron over onto his back. “You’re burning up with fever,” he said as he dragged him into the small compartment under the bridge.
He grabbed Lair Ron’s harpoon. “They fought them off coming in. We can do the same,” he shouted as he hurried up the short flight of steps to the bridge and swung open the bridge door. “La’mamm, it was another of those snake creatures. Use those crystals!”
La’mamm slapped him, “Calm yourself, and show some dignity. Goducess gave us these crystals. He’ll let me know when we should use them.” He latched the door and put his hands on the wheel. “Blasted motor … if only the wind was blowing strong, we’d be able to lower the sails. But what’s taking them so blasted long?” He said nervously grinding his teeth. “And where’s Lairron?”
“He’s deathly ill. I laid him under the bridge in some blankets.”
“Blast it—take the wheel.” La’mamm unlatched the door and stepped out onto the landing. He slung his hood over his head. “Blasted rain. At least no one is foolish enough to jump in and come after us.”
On shore, Werdna got to his knees. “I’m not sure how much more of this I can take. I almost wish I was the one with the severed leg and not my brother.” He lowered his head. “If only they weren’t so far out.”
“With them crystals you lads brought,” Treb tilted his wide brimmed hat forward and looked at Coita, “they’re bound to make it across that gauntlet of sea creatures.”
Coita stood up. “I hope they do make it—if Earron’s on board.”
All of a sudden Alil, Kyhawn, Shellean, and Earron appeared from the far side of the clearing; along with a few others, they stood in the shadows of large prehistoric trees.
Shellean cried out. “Oh no—the boat has already pulled out!”
“Get down you guys!” Coita shouted.
Kyhawn shouted back at them to let them know who was aboard, but he didn’t say anything about the chest.
Werdna put his arm around Coita. “At least they’re safe.”
Coita felt a great sense of relief. To him, the boat didn’t matter as much anymore. But deep down he knew the Mothcuh meant everything to Werdna and Nevets. “We’ll get it back,” Coita reassured him. “Somehow—”
By this time a few others from camp had gathered near the beach and clearing, but stood behind the trees for protection from any stray pellets or musket balls.
A shot whizzed over Kyhawn’s head. They immediately got down.
Cautiously Kyhawn raised his head. “That was too close.”
“That lowdown …” Alil groaned. “When I see him again, he’s going to get a taste of my pistol.” She crawled to the edge of the cliff, draped her cloak over her pistol to protect it from the rain, and waited for a clear shot.
As the rain began to die down, the Mothcuh’s motor struggled to start. When La’mamm realized the motor had finally started, he smiled as though responsible. A few moments later he muttered, “Fantastic—it has also finally stopped raining.”
He heard a pistol shot coming at them from the shore. At the same time, a tentacle wrapped around the railing and knocked La’mamm down. He stumbled to his knees, then dashed to the bridge. “Get us out of here, Mytoolwan!” He reached into his pocket. “My tobacco pouch—where is it?” He desperately searched for it.
“Forget that. Use the crystals—the gears are jammed.” Lord Mytoolwan frowned as he pressed hard on the gearshift.
At that very moment Zeal’s pistol fired, but he missed his target. Dylc too fired and missed his target hitting the side of the boat. Alil took another shot at them, then put her smoking pistol out in front of her.
Kyhawn lay next to her. “I think you hit one of them,” he said, having mixed feelings. If that boat sinks, we’re sure to lose the chest to those sea creatures.
“I was aiming for La’mamm.”
Coilpec dropped his harpoon. “I’ve been shot.” He gripped his upper arm. “La’mamm said this wouldn’t get so out of hand.”
Two tentacles reached over the railing and pounded blindly on the deck. Another one jerked on a loose railing.
Faliena took hold of Couple’s arm. “It only nicked you.” A split second later she lost her balance and dropped her sword.
“Nicked?” Coilpec whimpered while on his knees. A tentacle slammed the deck next to him. He crawled over and grabbed a harpoon. He cried out in pain, knowing the pellet was getting further encased in his arm. He rolled toward a tentacle and jabbed it. White blood sprayed his face. The wounded tentacle madly swung back and forth before it disappeared into the darkness.
Lairron staggered out from the cabin under the bridge wiping sweat from his face. Thump…! He was slapped against the cabin by a tentacle before he knew what hit him. It quickly took him by the waste, squeezing him. He screamed as it slammed his head against the cabin. With Lairron in the tentacle’s grip, it picked him up and over the side. Seconds later he was gone.
They felt a loud thump against the starboard. Coilpec gazed at the sea creature’s yellow, round body. All six of its large dark narrow eyes peered at him as it slowly turned. Everyone aboard could hear the scratching as its claws scraped alongside the boat.
When Coilpec got to his feet, two tentacles took hold of the railings, then one appeared from the opposite side.
Faliena steadied herself, sword in hand. She swung downward on the railing, and a severed tentacle dropped onto the deck. Another tentacle slapped her from behind. Three came at her all at once.
Lord Mytoolwan gripped the wheel. “Use the crystals!” he cried as he turned the wheel sharply in hopes of slinging the creatures away from them. An enormous tentacle slapped the bridge’s windshield. Two eyes glared through the glass at La’mamm and Lord Mytoolwan.
“Blast it—Mytoolwan, we’re headed back for the island!” La’mamm jerked the wheel and then reached into his pocket. “Stare at me, will you?” he yelled at the monster. He gripped Lord Mytoolwan’s shoulder. “Head out to sea. Blast it, Zac—head out to sea!” He reached into the pouch for a crystal and eased the door open. “E-no-moa-tos-ess!” he shouted as he slammed the crystal onto the main deck.
Within seconds amber smoke flooded the deck. The creatures began fighting among themselves in the water; snapping, clawing, coiling, and biting at each other’s flesh.
A tentacles slapped against the side of the boat while two sea creatures coiled together flopped around in the water tarring each other apart in a craze of madness.
Faliena and Coilpec stood against the cabin wall with the look of fear radiating their entire physical form.
La’mamm struggled to free the gears. But he tugged and kicked at the gearshift in vain.
The minutes passed as Lord Mytoolwan shook his head in disgust. “That spell isn’t going to last forever.” His silverish-purple skin sweated with fear, as they continued at a slow pace out to the open sea.
Someone at the bonfire shouted, “There goes our ride home.”
Kyhawn found himself sinking into sadness when suddenly a ghostly tentacle arched up and went right through the bow of the Mothcuh. La’mamm’s eyes lit up with victory, but only for a brief moment. The motor stalled. The Mothcuh was turned about by the weight of three sea creatures. They were under attack from all sides.
A tentacle gripped Coilpec.
Faliena turned to find another tentacle above her. She swung, and the severed tentacle bounced off the railing and into the water. She swung her sword again and got the one that had Coilpec. However, another tentacle knocked her off her feet and she lost her sword. She reached for her dagger strapped to her thigh, rolled next to Coilpec, and quickly began to free him from the severed tentacle. Coilpec looked to be in a trance.
An enormous-headed tentacle rose above her. Frantically she stabbed it, losing her dagger deep within its flesh. It sprung back and arched over her again, its dark eyes peering at her as it sought revenge. As it opened its large frightening mouth, she reached for Coilpec’s sword. The creature snapped at her. She managed to grab the sword, but it clamped down hard on Coilpec’s shoulder, shaking him like crazy.
When she went to free him, another tentacle pounced beside her. She severed it and then another. But when she turned back, Coilpec was gone.
By this time, most everyone from camp was out on the beach or near the shallow cliffs watching. The story about a tree eating one of La’mamm’s associates was also being passed among them.
Kyhawn looked around guiltily for Washburrn. But his attention soon turned back toward the Mothcuh.
“Keep hold of the blasted wheel!” La’mamm gripped the bridge door, reached into his pocket for the pouch holding the last crystal, and shook it at Lord Mytoolwan.
Lord Mytoolwan glanced at him, “Hurry before these demons slaughter us!”
La’mamm eased out onto the small landing, crouching as he gripped the railing and holding tight to the pouch. A tentacle slapped him from behind, and he rolled down the narrow steps onto the main deck. As he almost fell into the creature-infested waters, he lost his grip on the pouch. He groaned, “Where’s that pouch? Where is everyone?” He stretched his arm out. “There it is. If only ….” He rolled to one side and reached for his dagger. A tentacle slammed hard on the railing above him. He swung wildly and reached for the pouch once more, but the drawstring was entangled in the claws of a severed tentacle.
Lord Mytoolwan was headed straight for the island. However, as he stumbled, his full weight pressed against the gearshift. The motor swung into high gear. He got to his feet. “The gears jammed—one of those creatures must have grabbed hold of the rudder. Why didn’t La’mamm use a crystal? I need to turn her around. Goducess—be with us,” he mumbled. “If only I was able to shake them off the rudder.” He repeatedly pressured the wheel to his left and then his right.
Prehistoric eyes stared at Lord Mytoolwan through the cracked windshield. A large tentacle crashed through the door and coiled around his legs. He drew his dagger and hacked the tentacle in two. An eerie cry tainted the air as white blood poured onto the floor.
A headed tentacle shattered the windshield. It reached in and snipped off one of Lord Mytoolwan’s hand. He fell to the floor screaming in agony as he tried to shake off the severed tentacle still attached to his leg. Seconds later he felt himself slipping into a trance, no longer feeling pain. He fought to remain conscious, cradling his severed limb in hopes of stopping the blood.
As he sat on the floor in a daze, he looked up to find two large eyes glaring at him. A long slimy tongue rolled out from its mouth and licked his face. Then with a sudden movement, it bit off his head.
La’mamm had finally got hold of the severed tentacle with the pouch, but just as he was going to untangle it, he was slapped by a tentacle and fell over the side into the water. In that same moment Faliena had tried to save him, but lost her balance and fell overboard as well.
As one of the sea creatures continued to cling to the Mothcuh, a loud ripping sound came from underneath it. The bow abruptly dipped underwater as the boat flipped upside down near the remains of the Sealander. The sharp rocks were waiting.
Werdna dropped to his knees and cried. Moments later, the boat had completely sunk beneath the waves, along with the dead sea creature, into the darkness of the Zacton Ocean.

*                  *                  *

As they gathered at the clearing near the shallow cliffs with the bonfire burning low, Earron jumped to his feet and pointed just down from them to the opposite side of the white sand beach on his far right. “Over there—one of them is swimming to shore!”
Kyhawn stood up next to Earron and Coita.  “I see him. We need to get down there before he escapes.”
Alil held her hand up at Earron and Coita. “You two stay put. It might get pretty nasty down there.” She gave Earron a severe stare, “That especially includes you…Earron.”
Earron crossed his arms and sat back down on the hillside, Coita beside him. He frowned as they watched Alil go down to the water with Kyhawn, Zeal, and Shanel following her. Within seconds they had descended the rocky hillside and quickly climbed down the steep rocky seven foot  drop-off onto the rocky beach.
Sword in hand, Kyhawn ran to the water’s edge and approached the dark figure cautiously. Heart pounding, he dropped his hood, then glanced over his shoulder at Zeal and Shanel who were right behind him.
“Spread out along the shore,” Alil directed. She glanced over her shoulder at other members of the crew who stood on top the drop-off ready to assist them if needed. Alil aimed her pistol at the figure. “Whoever you are, stop there!”
The dark red-headed figure attempted to wade away from them into the shallow water, crying out, “You don’t understand what’s going on here! The chest belongs to us, not the Adrolf government.”
“It’s a lady,” Kyhawn said as he lowered his sword.
Alil stood at the water’s edge, her pistol still aimed. “Lady Faliena, I’m warning you—don’t take another step.”
Kyhawn moved closer. “If you’re innocent, then give yourself over to us, and make amends—”
“Don’t go any further!” Alil ordered Kyhawn. She was still pointing her pistol at Faliena, but it was obvious she didn’t want to pull the trigger. “For the last time—I’m warning you.” She reached for her dagger as she moved in, Kyhawn not far behind.
Faliena waded nearer to the shore, reached for her own pistol, and aimed it directly at Alil.
“Look out, Alil!” Shanel shouted.
Alil felt death upon her and pulled the trigger.
Faliena staggered a few feet, looked around at everyone, then down at her wound. A split second later she fell face in the water.
Kyhawn went over to her with his sword in hand. He wasn’t sure if she was dead. He hesitated before getting any closer.
“Is she dead?” Shanel drew near, twirling her dagger.
“I can’t tell.” Kyhawn pointed his sword at Faliena. He turned to Alil and Zeal to make sure they had their pistols ready before he got any closer.
“She could still be alive.” Zeal waved his pistol in the air in readiness. “Be careful, Kyhawn.”
Faliena pressed her feet firmly in the wet rocky sand. Within a blink of an eye, she sprang erect, turned to Kyhawn, and pulled the trigger.
The sounds of three pistol shots filled the air around them.
Kyhawn dropped to his knees.
The end of Alil’s barrel smoked. With mixed emotions she lowered her pistol in silence and rushed to Kyhawn followed by Zeal and Shanel.
Faliena lay on her back in water only inches deep. Moments later it began to sprinkle. The rain splashed off her pale silverish-purple face as she stared into the heavens.
Kyhawn slowly turned to them with a look of relief. “Her pistol didn’t fire.”
Zeal reloaded his pistol and gazed out into the creature-infested waters.
Alil slipped her pistol in its holster and gave Kyhawn a refreshing smile. “For a moment, I thought you’d been shot.”
Kyhawn got to his feet, then went over and crouched a few feet from Faliena’s body. When he felt she was dead, he insisted on finding out if she was wearing a necklace with an gray abstract bird, but she wasn’t. He slowly looked at Alil, then further to his left at Zeal. Behind Zeal, off to his far left, something was drifting ashore. Excited, he stood, stared at the object, and whispered, “Over there. The chest, I mean it looks like it might be the chest!”
“Kyhawn, I don’t see what you’re talking about,” Alil said.
Kyhawn turned toward Faliena’s lifeless body to avoid suspicion. “It’s just beneath that overhang near the foot of the cliffs. We shouldn’t let the others on the clearing know we can recover it.” He paused. “Alil, if you and Shanel take care of her, I’ll take care of the chest.” He wished he hadn’t lost the pistol Washburrn had given him. He looked at Zeal and twitched his head to one side indicating he wanted Zeal to follow him.
Alil thought for a moment. “You two be careful. It could be one of her mates.”
“It’s the chest.” Kyhawn smiled slightly, feeling calmer. He knew at that moment the peg-lock chest was indeed a part of his dreams—and there it was at the foot of the shallow cliffs. As they went over to it, he picked up seaweed to hide it until they had a chance to rebury it later. For now he just knelt before it and felt satisfied.
Zeal dropped some more seaweed over the chest. He scratched his nose and twisted his lips, looking undecided. “Be okay for now,” he finally said as they went to join the others.
But Alil seemed doubtful. She turned to Zeal. “You and Shanel get some help. I want this entire area searched from the rocky beach east of where the Sealander went down to over there beyond.”
Tuenale, whose long gray hair and whiskers revealed him to be the oldest crew-Zac, along with the help of young crew Zac Tobben, carried the body to the seven-foot drop-off,  where they had originally climbed down from. Werdna and Treb were there to help as they handed the body up to them.
Alil slung her hood back. “Kyhawn, what do you think she meant by all that rubbish she was saying?”
Kyhawn held his hands out as they neared the drop-off. He glanced around, then looked at Alil. “All I can tell you is that I didn’t believe one word. For all we know, they were just pirates going after jewels.”
“Most likely. Though Washburrn said there were only old books and documents in the chest.”
“Not according to La’mamm,” Kyhawn whispered.
Alil shook her head in bafflement. “Whatever’s in that chest, I can’t wait to get that thing off our hands.” She began to climb the drop-off.
When she reached the top, the rugged-looking one-eyed passenger Tailk reached out for her hand. He smiled as she thanked him. “The pleasure’s all mine,” he said. “It’s nice to see you looking well, considering.”
When Kyhawn started his own climb, he saw Washburrn standing at the top. “Good to see you’re alive,” the older Zac said. “Well, don’t just lean against the rocks—give me your hand.”
Kyhawn reached for his hand, and a moment later greeted Washburrn with a Zacterronian handshake. Washburrn pulled him close and embraced him. “I didn’t believe it when I first heard. I still can’t believe the La’mamm I know could … be so cunning.”
“That’s one of his friends there,” Kyhawn said, breathing heavily as he pointed toward the body Werdna and Treb were carrying up the hillside.
Washburrn nodded. “I saw her.” He leaned close and whispered, “But the chest—where’s the chest?”
“After the wreck, it washed ashore.” Kyhawn smiled as he told him the good news. “Zeal and I buried it under some seaweed at the foot of the shallow cliffs, down over there on the dry side.”
Washburrn raised an eyebrow. “We’ll need to rebury it before tomorrow’s sun.”
“Kyhawn!” Earron shouted as Coita and he approached. “You had us frightened.”
“I’m fine. But thanks, you guys, for your help. Why don’t you go on to camp with the others? I’ll be there in the morning.”
“But …” Earron gave him a disappointed look, glanced at Washburrn’s stern stare, and then turned to Coita. “Come on,” he said as he nudged Coita’s arm and headed for camp.
“In the morning,” Kyhawn repeated. He turned to see Washburrn hugging Alil.
“By golly,” she said, “we were starting to worry about you.”
Washburrn dropped his arms to his side. “Kyhawn and I are going to rebury the chest. Please make sure you keep a close watch throughout the night. You never know—one of them might have made it to shore alive.”
“The watch is already being taking care of.” Alil looked at him compassionately, her hands on his shoulders. “Tomorrow you and I are going to have a long private talk.” She gave him a slight smile. “Is that a promise?”
“It’s a promise. Tomorrow.”
Shortly afterwards Kyhawn and Washburrn descended from the drop-off to find they were alone. As the waves melted into the sand, Washburrn ran his fingers through his thinning hair. “There’s more to the chest than a bunch of old books and documents.”
“What do you mean?” But the look Kyhawn gave Washburrn showed he already knew.
Washburrn slowly turned his head from side to side. His brown eyes glistened in the moonlight. But suddenly he seemed to change the subject. “La’mamm was a decent Zac.”
Kyhawn placed his hand on Washburrn’s shoulder.
Washburrn nudged Kyhawn’s hand away, glassy-eyed. “Well, I think we’ve taken on more then just a babysitting job here.”
Kyhawn gave him an odd look. “A babysitting job?”
“What did this La’mamm look like?” Washburrn asked.
“Look like?” Kyhawn paused for the moment, then described the Zac’s gray hair, thin features, manner of speaking, and selfish attitude.
Washburrn turned his head from side to side sadly. “It sounds like him physically, but the La’mamm I know is anything but selfish. In fact, he’s quite the opposite.”
Silence echoed through the space between them as Kyhawn stood at the water’s edge where the ocean and the sand came together, changing slightly with each and every wave. And like life itself, Kyhawn too felt he was changing. He kicked a severed tentacle that had washed ashore.
As they neared the chest, he gave a small cry: “What’s that?”
“Not sure.” Washburrn pulled a small leather pouch loose from another severed tentacle and tossed it at him.
Kyhawn opened the soaking wet pouch. “This is what Emaya gave Earron and Coita. There’s a crystal inside.”
“Dylc told me something about magic crystals. I do hope he recovers from that nasty blow on the back of his head,” he sighed, slowly adding. “Let me hold that, if you don’t mind.”
Kyhawn tossed him the pouch. “Earron told me what happened to Dylc.” He lowered his head for a moment. “The crystals did save everyone’s life aboard the Mothcuh last night. Emaya gave Earron and Coita three crystals. Apparently they only used one of them tonight.”
Washburrn tucked the pouch in his vest pocket. “Odd … I wonder why they didn’t use this last one?” He paused. “Well, all the better for us—might help us get off this island.” He added quickly, “I can’t want to hand this chest over to the Adrolf government. It’s been nothing but bad luck.”
Kyhawn dropped to his knees before the chest. “Here it is,” he said as he removed the seaweed. “I thought this belonged to these two professors, La’mamm, and what’s-his-name.”
“Technically the chest, the ancient artifacts, and the old books and documents do belong to La’mamm and Lumpskin. They work for the Adrolf government. It gets complicated, but it’s not for us to worry about any more than necessary.” Washburrn crouched and gently placed his hand on the lid.
“I know about the old books and documents, but how do you know it also contains ancient artifacts?”
“When you asked the question, you sounded as if you already knew there was something more than papers in there,” Washburrn noted.
“It’s just something that Lord Mytoolwan said, and as well La’mamm, or whoever he was. Anyway, they bragged about jewels being in here.” Kyhawn placed his hands on one end of the chest getting ready to pick it up. “And they didn’t seem to think there were any books or documents in here at all.”
Washburrn shook his head. Had Captain Joenf deceived them? “It’s not for us to bother with. Our only job is to make sure the chest arrives safely in Adrolf.”

*                  *                  *

Washburrn reached into his vest pocket. “You’ll need this parchment pad and lead stick if you’re going to draw a new map.”
“But these are mine.” Kyhawn gave him an odd look as he held his hand out.
“Pays to come prepared. I took them from your cabac. I hope you don’t mind.”
Kyhawn flipped his pad to an empty piece of parchment. “No, I don’t mind,” he said as he took hold of the other handle.
“I know a terrific place to rebury the chest,” Washburrn said as he led the way to a location somewhere between the beach and where they had buried it the first time. Every so often they stopped as he pointed out a landmark for Kyhawn to note on the new map. This went on until Washburrn nodded toward a vine-covered tree. “Under these vines here. Not only would it be well hidden, but good and dry. But not too close to this tree. We don’t want to run into any roots.”
Kyhawn, starting to look a bit tired, thought to himself, I was hoping he’d say that soon.
Afterwards, as the chest set off to one side on them, Kyhawn, with lead-stick in hand, drew the final location on the new map, then showed his mentor the results.
Washburrn nodded. “Terrific. Now, you do realize no one’s to know the whereabouts of this chest except us and Alil.” Washburrn gave him a strict look. “That includes your two young friends. It’d only endanger their lives.”
Kyhawn slowly nodded. “I understand.”
Washburrn picked up two short but sturdy sticks and handed one to Kyhawn. “Well, let’s get her buried.”
Though Kyhawn wanted to try and open the chest before they buried it. His need for rest overwhelmed his curiosity for seeing what was truly inside. He plunged the stick into the ground, glancing at the chest. “I sure wish we had more time to investigate what’s inside.” He paused. “I almost had it open the other day.”
Washburrn too plunged his stick into the ground, giving his apprentice a thin smile, “Even if we did, be a waste of time. We already know what’s in here,” he said as he continued to dig. And while doing so the two of them became quiet in their own thoughts. While Washburrn thought about retiring and living the remainder of his life in peace and harmony with nature. Kyhawn thought about the contents within the chest, the cave, sandcastles, and the dagger-key.
A few broken sticks later, the chest lay in its new resting place. While they packed dirt in and around it, then on top, Washburrn finished telling him about his unsuccessful search for Mekon on the mountaintop.
Kyhawn rose and brushed the dirt off his legs, then went to the vine covered tree and  rested against the large vines. He tapped his stick on the ground as if in thought, “If Emit’s still alive, we’ll get him and that Mekon as well.” He tossed his stick into the thick of the trees. “I guess you know about that one friend of… that guy posing as La’mamm, who was eaten by a white flower tree.”
“I heard.” Washburrn sat with his legs crossed. “Then it’s possible those two Zacs I told you about were also eaten by a tree. Did you actually see what happened?”
Kyhawn nodded, “Yes. And it wasn’t a pleasant sight.” He took a deep breath. “At least everyone knows to look out for white flowers.”
“Indeed.”
Kyhawn turned toward him. “There’s something I wanted to tell you. While they were forcing me to help them dig up the chest, Lord Mytoolwan claimed they weren’t pirates, and by taking this chest, they were doing something good for the world. What do you think he meant by that?”
“Not sure.” Washburrn yawned. “But if anyone knows what’s going on, it’s Captain Joenf. First light tomorrow we’ll go see how he’s doing.”
“As barmy as it may sound, my dreams seem to have something to do with all of this. I haven’t said anything to anyone until now, but I had a similar one just the other night. If you remember, I dreamed about a small, canister-shaped object more than once.”
“I recall your mentioning a canister.”
“Anyway,” Kyhawn turned to his side; his eyes wide, “this large gray bird flew out from the canister, like the one in my other dream.” Excited, Kyhawn raised his arms out like wings as he spoke. “Only this time the bird spread its wings and multiplied into thousands of gray birds, scattering everywhere … I mean throughout the entire world.”
Washburrn looked at him, somewhat spooked. “That’s some dream. You know, I think I’ve been out of the detective business too long to be dealing with this kind of work again.” He stretched his arms and cupped them behind his head. His handsome silverish-blue face stared beyond the branches above them at the night sky. “This entire ordeal reminds me of a jigsaw puzzle I once had. Some of the pieces were missing. I’m not much on dreams, but I must admit, your dreams sound like that old puzzle of mine. They too are missing a few pieces. A few important pieces,” he said as he closed his eyes.
Kyhawn nodded, looking surprised. “That was well said, and you’re absolutely right. My dreams are like puzzles with pieces missing.”
Washburrn raised an eyebrow. “Well, I don’t know for sure what all is in this chest, but I do know one thing for sure.”
“What’s that?”
“We’re going to do our best to keep whatever it is out of the hands of those Pirates, Grongels, Religious Fanatics, and anyone else. At least until we reach the port of Adrolf.”
Kyhawn stared at the spot where they’d buried the chest, then turned to him. “Did you really mean it when you said you didn’t believe in Goducess, or any other Gods?”
“Can’t we talk about something else …?” Washburrn stared at the moon. “I had a wife once. She was a good-hearted, God-fearing Zac. We always went to church together when I was home. But now she’s dead. She died in a coach accident. No, Kyhawn, I do not believe in the Gods, and that includes Goducess.”
Kyhawn sighed. “I’m sorry. I mean, I’m sorry for you.”
“I don’t care to talk about it. Let’s rest before our return to camp.”
“It will be getting light in a few hours.” Kyhawn didn’t mind as he enjoyed spending time with Washburrn. He went on to tell him all about his dagger-key and sandcastle theory, but soon found Washburrn had dozed off. Kyhawn smiled at him, sat up, and tried to keep a watch on where they buried the chest. However, his eyelids seemed to grow heavier with each breath. Lost deep within his thoughts, he heard a click, as if a window had opened. Suddenly he found himself crawling through one.
He picked up a long dagger whose blade sparkled with inlaid jewels. He laid it down and picked up a strange-looking hollow wand and stared at the small holes someone had drilled into its hull. Inlaid jewels decorated its entire length. He dropped it when he noticed a jeweled necklace. A gray bird hung from its chain. “Look here,” he said as his entire body went cold, but no one was there. He put on the necklace, and a burning sensation rushed down his spine. When he yanked the necklace off, it disappeared, and the burning sensation went away.
He blinked his eyes, and saw a strangely familiar wooden canister before him. He picked it up to admire its beautiful carvings. It looks like a map, he thought as he studied its entire surface. He then shook it, but it sounded empty. Noting the peg-lock system on the canister was similar to the one on the chest, he started to push in one peg, then another. He continued to do this until he shouted, “That’s it—I’ve done it!”
He opened its lid and looked inside. “There’s nothing here,” he said as he gazed inside the empty canister. Suddenly a sailor’s scarf appeared. When he went to unfold the scarf, it disappeared. The rim on the canister grew into a large circle, then the circle changed into a window. He soon found himself walking through the window into a long dark tunnel. The chest appeared before him, weighted down with jewels and the canister. He leaned forward, and the chest turned into a small chest. He held it in his hands, but the lid fell to the ground. Pieces of parchment flew into the air and turned into a large gray bird, which then turned into many gray birds. Seconds later the birds turned into dark clouds. Then the small chest became an ordinary box. He looked inside and found another sailor’s scarf. Or was it the same one? he wondered.
He blinked his eyes as if bothered by a bright light, and the box turned back into the small chest. He laid it aside, and it turned into the peg-lock chest. An eerie sound roared from it, then a flock of gray birds emerged. He closed his eyes, fell to the ground, and wrapped his arms around his head to protect himself.
A moment later, he opened his eyes and found himself lost in an unfamiliar landscape. The sky was dark and full of clouds, like gray birds traveling across the sky. Darkness fell upon everything and everyone. Suddenly a shield emerged from underground, dusty at first, but in the sunlight, the dust fell to the wayside. The shield shone with the power of two suns.
The scene changed. A flock of gray birds raced toward him. He tried to protect himself, but there was no place to hide. Seconds later, he found himself dressed like a soldier on a battlefield.
The birds joined together forming one gigantic bird with claws and a long narrow sharp beak. Fangs like a wild boar draped the sides of its beak. Kyhawn swung his sword at it. On the third swing, he found himself naked and defenseless. However, a ghostly figure appeared before him and formed a golden protective wall between him and the gray bird.
Suddenly there it was again, the peg-lock chest, but within it was the dagger-key along with what looked like ancient jewels and other artifacts, including the canister, the jeweled dagger, and the wand. The chest floated through a window toward him. He stared at the chest, but when he went to touch it, it disappeared. Only the dagger-key remained. When he reached for the old rusty key and held it in his hand, it started to shine as if it were new again, but then it turned to sand and slipped between his fingers.
He opened his eyes to find himself resting on Washburrn’s shoulder. He reached for Washburrn’s leather water pouch, took a drink, and then splashed water on his face to wake up. I must have dozed off myself. He nudged Washburrn’s arm. “Wake up.” He handed Washburrn his water pouch. “The sun’s starting to rise.”
Washburrn stretched, sat up, took a drink, and wiped the sleep from his eyes.
“I had another strange dream,” Kyhawn explained as they threw a few leaves over the freshly covered hole to make it appear as though no one had been there.
Washburrn reached into his cloak for some dried spider legs, handing one to Kyhawn. “Eat this—it will give you some energy.” He then picked up a large branch.
As they made their way back to camp, Washburrn dragged the large branch over their footprints, then tossed it into the trees and patted Kyhawn’s shoulders. “That should keep the chest concealed until another ship sights our bonfire.”
While on their way to the clearing, Kyhawn told Washburrn his entire dream. The older Zac nodded. “That’s some dream. I couldn’t tell you what it means, but if Emaya were here, she’d be able to interpret it.”
Kyhawn shrugged. “If only I had listened to her.”
When Washburrn and Kyhawn stopped at the bonfire on their way to camp, Treb, Bekim, and another passenger, Selton, who were on bonfire duty, told them that no survivors or bodies had been recovered from the Mothcuh disaster. Washburrn and Kyhawn briefly visited with them, then went down the hillside onto white sand beach. Kyhawn knelt next to a pile of sand where they’d constructed a sandcastle the night before. He looked disappointed as he ran his fingers through it. Washburrn placed his hand on his shoulder. “Let’s head to camp. Darhcir is sure to have something cooking over the fire.”

CHAPTER 7:

After the morning’s meal, many of them simply lounged around camp. While some of them were doing their best to look at the positive side of their condition, others found themselves listening to Nevets brag about how he could have stopped the Zac posing as La’mamm, if only his leg hadn’t been bitten off. Meanwhile Werdna was wondering why their trusted friend O’Rost had betrayed them.
Washburrn, Kyhawn, Dylc, and Alil used their time to go see the captain, who told everyone else to leave.
“How’s your leg doing, Joenf?” Washburrn was standing a few feet from the bedside. “Is your eyesight getting any better?”
“The leg’s mending. And at least I still have both of them. That’s more then I can say for that fool of a Zac, Nevets. He gets on my nerves.” The captain paused to calm himself. “But when I look at you, you’re nothing but a blur. So what’s that tell you?” He sat up in his bed, reached under his pillow for some zuetia leaves, and squinted, trying to focus his eyes.
“Dylc and Shellean already told me what went on out there last night. As far as I’m concerned, they all got what they deserved.” He adjusted one of his pillows and gripped his blanket. “I don’t want to hear anything else about that imposter posing as my friend La’mamm. And Dylc, you already told me about what went on up there in those ruins. None of it sounded too darn good. So Washburrn, why are you all here?”
“Please calm down, sir.” Alil leaned close.
“I’m calm enough,” he frowned as his hand fumbled around for his cup of juice on the table next to his bed.
Washburrn directed his hand, and looked at him, a touch of anger in his voice. “What went on last night is only partly why we’re here, sir.”
The captain ignored Washburrn as he took a sip of juice, then spoke sharply: “I want to know what happened to my small chest … I need that chest.”
Washburrn scratched his whiskers. “What’s so important about this small chest of yours? We were sent to the ruins to search for traitors of King Lumarkahawn?”
With the Sealander’s charts in hand, Dylc chewed on a zuetia. “As I’ve told you before, we don’t know where your small chest is, sir.”
“It’s extremely important, Washburrn, we find that chest,” the captain grumbled. “Those old books and documents are inside.”
They looked at each other, puzzled.
“I thought the documents were in the peg-lock chest,” Alil pointed out.
Washburrn scratched his whiskers, looked at Kyhawn who was looking at him. Each of them possessed a look on their faces as if they felt they had figured it out.
“So what about my charts then?” the captain queried. “Where are they?”
Dylc cleared his throat and drew near. “I have the charts and your diary with me, sir.” He placed them in Captain Joenf’s hand.
 “Thank you,” he nodded, looking somewhat gratified. But his expression quickly changed. “I want those documents and books. If we have to go back out to my ship for them, we will.”
“What about those sea monsters, Captain?” Alil jumped in. “The ship is sunk. Even if those documents are still aboard, no one’s going after them—it’s too dangerous.” All of them agreed.
Captain Joenf spoke loudly. “So my ship is lost, and my small chest is lost. And none of you are sure if these sons of sea trash are alive or dead—is that what you’re saying?”
“Seems that way, sir.” Dylc twisted his mustache. “Sir, if you don’t mind me asking, sir, what then… is in the peg-lock chest—if not old books and documents?”
Captain Joenf chewed on a zuetia leaf. “There could be two, three, or more of them in the ruins planning an attack. And you can be sure they’ll want the peg-lock chest.” He eased his arms to his side. “I don’t think we’re dealing with pirates at all. So if the documents didn’t go down with the ship, then those sons of sea trash up there must have them.” He groaned. “Where else could they be?”
Dylc looked at Alil and Washburrn. “If you don’t mind my asking, sir, why do you seem so sure these bandits aren’t pirates?”
Washburrn glanced at Kyhawn. He looked around at the others. “I think he means it’s possible they’re Grongels.”
The captain sat up straighter and gripped his cup with both hands. “How do you know about them?”
“It’s quite simple.” Washburrn paused, as he stood before Captain Joenf and crossed his arms, his brown eyes gazing down at the captain. “I get around too, you know. And that Zac pretending to be La’mamm did a lot of talking he probably shouldn’t have, so I’ve heard. They’re Grongels, aren’t they?”
Alil looked at Washburrn oddly. “Who … or what are these Grongels … some sort of cult?”
The room became quiet.
The captain squeezed his fist. “Yes,” he confessed, almost spilling his cup of juice. “And all I can tell you is what La’mamm and Lumpskin told me.” He slumped down. “According to them, the peg-lock chest contains ancient artifacts. Apparently they were the ritual tools used by these Grongels.” He finished off his cup of juice and spit the remains of his zuetia leaves into his cup. “This was over a thousand years ago, when they were once an active religious power.”
Alil and Dylc looked at one another, surprised at the news that the chest held artifacts. Washburrn asked, “Isn’t it true that over a thousand years ago the Grongels ruled these waters and lands—in fact this entire region?”
Now Kyhawn looked surprised. He was unaware Washburrn knew any more than he had told him.
The captain ran his fingers through his bushy beard. “It was the entire western portion of Zacterron. Now that the artifacts have been rediscovered, La’mamm and Lumpskin want to keep them out of the hands of the Grongels and any others who might want to take possession of them.” His tired, puffy eyes reflected his mood. “Under orders from our king, I kept quiet for your own protection. The books are important. They’re a collection of some of the oldest books on Zacterronian cultures. But those documents are even more valuable. They explain how to execute a bizarre ritual, which apparently gives these so-called Grongels some sort of special powers. I haven’t had a chance to read up on it. So don’t ask me to explain the particulars of this bizarre ritual.” He paused. “They also contain the history of these … Grongels.” He blinked, trying again to focus his vision. “In a week or so, depending on the weather, three more cruise ships are scheduled to pass these coordinates before the pleasure-cruise season ends.” He tucked his diary and charts under his pillow. “But I want that small chest—long before then.”
“We’ll do our best to have your small chest before a cruise ship passes these coordinates, sir,” Dylc volunteered.
Captain Joenf slightly nodded with a sense of approval.
While the room was quiet Washburrn spoke with concern of a different matter. “Captain Joenf, we need to ask you more questions about this chest,” he insisted. “Too many have died.” He seemed to be holding back anger. “With all due respect, sir, we need to know everything you do about this peg-lock chest.”
The captain raised his voice. “What do you want of me, Washburrn?”
Alil stepped between them. “The Captain needs his rest. Please let’s continue this after he’s had some sleep.”
“Alil,” the captain told her, “you’re starting to get on my nerves.”
“Well, I never …” She slung her hair back and stormed off to the small storage room.
The cabin was once again quiet. The captain relaxed his arms, but then with the empty cup in hand, slammed his fist on the small table next to him. The table split, spilling everything on it to the floor.
The captain seemed overwhelmed with emotion. “That chest—I never should have let La’mamm and Lumpskin talk me into renting them those two rooms.” His face showed his grief. “But no—they had to keep nagging me, especially La’mamm.” He paused with a sigh. “But I sure hope he’s still alive.”
“On top of everything else, it seems we have a bunch of Kebadon worshipers amongst us,” he grumbled as he sat up again, but with his head lowered. “Sorry you had to get involved, Kyhawn, this being your first time out to sea and all. If I’d known it was going to get so rough, I never would have ….”
“No one knew this was going to happen.” Alil returned with a new glass of juice and a forgiving look. She stirred the juice and gave it to the captain. “Don’t go blaming yourself, sir.” She looked around at them. “He really needs his rest.”
“Please stop mothering me.” He wiped the sweat from his forehead and drank his juice.
“What are Kebadon worshipers?” Kyhawn asked.
Washburrn jumped in. “Joenf, you appear to be the only one left who might know what this is all about.” He ran his fingers through his reddish-blond, thinning hair. “By all means tell us about Kebadon.”
“This information isn’t to leave this cabin.” The captain eased back while Alil adjusted his pillows. “As farfetched as it may sound, one of the artifacts contains an ancient spirit called Kebadon. It’s in a canister among the other artifacts, which also include a wand,” he waved a hand, “and some other stuff of a similar nature.” He yawned. “And I do believe there’s a small crystal inside the canister … wrapped in a scarf … or something like that.”
Kyhawn’s throat became dry. He glanced over at Washburrn, and found him staring back. Kyhawn suddenly felt he knew something about the meaning of his dreams, but kept the thought to himself. The gray birds are the Grongels. The end of this age as we know it … is near? The dreaded words echoed in his mind.
The captain rubbed his eyes sleepily. “La’mamm had the locks on the chest specially designed to keep the average thief from opening it. You also can’t burn the chest, nor can you smash it.” He yawned again. “The canister has a similar peg-lock system. You can’t burn it or smash it either.  At least that’s what I’ve been told. I was also told no one has opened the canister for over a thousand years.” He paused, blinking his eyes. “There were also two daggers in the chest. One of them is decorated with inlaid jewels. The other is that key. The one I’ve been hearing about—that dagger-key. But what I don’t understand is how it got separated from the chest.” He squinted at Washburrn.
All eyes were on Washburrn. “I haven’t opened it, and neither has Kyhawn, or anyone else to my knowledge. In fact, we didn’t know for sure what was in it.”
Kyhawn interrupted, “As far as I know, the Grongels didn’t get it open. And it couldn’t have been that guy posing as La’mamm. That dagger-key had been found before they arrived.” He remained puzzled like the rest of them.
“Someone must have opened it,” the captain insisted. “I just hope you buried the chest in a safe place this time.”
“It’s safe.” Washburrn sounded insulted.
“Good, keep it there until I say otherwise.” The captain nodded.  “We should open it ourselves before we leave this island, and make sure everything on my list of its contents is in there.” He groaned. “Now that I think of it, the list is in my small chest.” He yawned as he started drifting off. “But that dagger-key—I’m not sure what its purpose is in all of this, and as far as I understand, neither does anyone else. All I know is that I was told it’s not a part of the ritual artifacts.” He gazed at Alil. “Alil, what did you put in my drink?”
“Your sleeping powder and a few herbs.” She smiled.
“Cut back on the amount. All we can do is hope one of those passing ships catches sight of our bonfire.” He tried to focus again on the blurred images around his bed. “So … let’s do what we can … to get the passengers … home … safe.”
Suddenly a pet caterpillar dashed into the cabin, and with its eight furry legs it jumped onto Captain Joenf’s bed. “What the …? Someone get this varmint off me.”
“Sorry,” a passenger said as he came in to retrieve it. “She’s a good pet, but a bit too friendly maybe.” Kyhawn handed her to him and led him out the door.
A moment later the captain sat up straight and exploded in rage, throwing his cup against the wall. “Where in Goducess’s creation are we? And my ship—this island destroyed my ship ….”
Washburrn and Alil grabbed him. “Hold on there, Joenf.” Washburrn wiped sweat away from his forehead. “We’re going to be all right, sir. The passengers too. We’ll make it home safe … somehow.”
The captain dropped his arms to his side and stared, looking as though he were seeing something else. “My paintings,” he said. “Did anyone save the paintings hanging in the dining area?”
“Paintings?” Dylc looked around at his crewmates. “We didn’t save any paintings.”
Captain Joenf squeezed his fist together. “Those paintings that lined the staircase in the dining area—each of them was part of a map. A map that showed the locations of each piece of the Caytona plate, and where they’re hidden.” He moaned. “Now they’re lost … they’re gone forever.” He sunk back in his bed.
“Caytona plate …?” Kyhawn questioned.
The captain waved his hand dismissively. “Never mind—it has nothing to do with … any of this. A treasure hunt of my own, that’s all … just a treasure hunt of my own.”
Alil and Kyhawn, picked up the broken pieces from Joenf’s cup as the captain took a deep breath and closed his eyes. “I’m a bit tired now … be on my feet soon. But now I’d like to rest.” He eased his head up and opened his eyes. “But when you let the rest of the sick and wounded return to their beds, don’t you dare let Nevets back in. That’s an order! All he does is whine. I get enough of that … at home. My family …” He closed his eyes. "My wife … my kids ….”

*                  *                  *

Later that evening, Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita took off to white sand beach with their sleeping gear and cabacs. “We need to watch out for the white flower trees,” Coita said, looking around as if they were going to jump out at them.
“You can be sure none are anywhere near,” Kyhawn remarked. “Some of the others and I have already searched high and low for the white flowers. But be careful when you go to the waterfall lake. There are two of them growing on the left side near the waterfall.”
“We know.” Earron hurried along with a lantern in hand.
Before they reached the beach, Kyhawn once again explained his sandcastle theory to them. Though Coita thought the idea worthless, he went along anyway. Soon Earron and Coita’s bare feet were stepping on the white grains of sand. Kyhawn dropped his sleeping gear and cabac and sat on the ledge where the trees ended and the sand began. He laid his coat aside and pulled off his high cut leather boots. As he rolled up his shirtsleeves, he couldn’t understand why his friends never wore anything to protect their feet. He shrugged off the thought, and with a lantern in hand went to the water’s edge alongside Earron. “You’re using a cup. That’s a good idea,” Kyhawn said as he went for his dagger. “This will do me well,” he smiled.
Coita sat in the sand not far away from the shallow cliffs. He scooped a cup full of sand and started to construct a sandcastle. “You two can make yours together. I’m going to make a real tall one of my own.” He pressed his knees into the sand, laid his cup aside, and began to move the sand into a pile.
As they began to dream about lost treasures of their own, their doubts about whether a dagger-key would appear faded into the nearby waves. Coita, who had never made a sandcastle on his own before, glanced back and forth from Earron and Kyhawn to his pile, looking for guidance. Once he felt his pile was high enough, he started to square off the sides with his dagger, then laid it aside and started using his cup again.
“Yours is sure looking smart.” Earron stared at Coita’s sandcastle, then scooped up another cup of sand to make a tower on his own.
Kyhawn had carved a set of steps leading to an arched door. “This is starting to look like the one in my dreams,” he said with a smile as he leaned back to have a better view. When suddenly the moonlight reflected off his dagger, his dreams flashed through his mind. “It’s going to be here after the tide drops tomorrow morning.”
Shortly after Kyhawn and Earron had their sandcastle finished, it began to sprinkle. Moments later the moon disappeared; then it became a downpour. “Not again,” Coita groaned as he got to his feet and kicked his sandcastle.
Abandoning the idea, they gathered their belongings and headed back to camp. There they found many of the others inside the sleeping cabin where it was nice and warm. The rest of that evening they enjoyed the music composed by the two playing their stringed instruments.
The following morning, Kyhawn, Earron and Coita felt discouraged when they discovered the dagger-key hadn’t appeared like they had hoped. Kyhawn wanted to tell them the dagger-key had come from the chest, then mysteriously parted from it somehow, but instead he respected the captain’s wishes about not saying a word. Finally all he did was look at them. “I don’t know. I guess it rained too hard on the sandcastles before the tide covered them.”
As Earron gave Kyhawn a doubtful look, Coita kicked Kyhawn and Earron’s washed-out castle, stared angrily at Kyhawn, and took off to camp without saying a word to either of them.
Later that day, they discovered Gelhona and Jayden were missing. Though they were concerned, it wasn’t until the following day they began to worry greatly about their fate.
It was during that time, to raise everyone’s spirit, while waiting for the first of the three scheduled ships to pass, many of them began to set up a make-do camp at the clearing under the trees behind the bonfire shelter. The Captain thought this an exhalent idea. It gave many of them a sense of hope and something to keep them busy. However, the wait seemed endless as they cut and gathered wood for both the make-do camp, and firewood.
As the day passed, Kyhawn felt alone. His idea the dagger-key would show up again seemed hopeless. “Why doesn’t it appear? Can it be the rain?” The thought tore at him like pages of faith within himself were being ripped from his soul.
Coita refused to speak with him.
While Kyhawn helped to strengthen the wood shelter at the clearing, Earron did his best to get Kyhawn and Coita on speaking terms, but his efforts proved worthless. Coita stayed as far away from Kyhawn as possible. When Earron approached Coita, all Coita would say is, “He thinks he knows it all.”
Nonetheless, as the bonfire burned strong, and they waited for a ship to come their way, both positive and negative emotions filled the air. “It’s useless to waste good firewood we could be cooking with,” Darhcir said as he stood next to a much smaller fire and stirred a large pot of stew hanging over it.
“When’s it going to be time to eat?” complained crew-Zac Luxton, and two passengers with him.
“When I say,” Darhcir replied, not caring for Luxton’s impatient attitude.
Luxton frowned, while him and his two friends went to the other side of the clearing.
A moment later while Darhcir added some spies. A passenger dressed in her fancy garments, walking her pet caterpillar on a leash waved pleasantly at Darhcir. “The stew smells delightful.” She continued to smile, as her Oowed servant stood nearby.  And as the two of them continued to chat about this and that the space between them grew thin.
Meanwhile rain fell off and on throughout the day without any signs of a sea vessel, even the looking glass’s they used to spot ships coming thus far seemed useless, but that day too faded as the sun started to vanish beyond the horizon. As there were no signs of Gelhona and Jayden, many feared they had been eaten alive by a white flower tree. Wanting with all their hearts to be rescued, most of them remained at the clearing talking about ways in which they might warn a passing ship about the sea creatures. They finally decided to use a seashell horn.
“But they’ll have to be close to hear it,” Tobben remarked as he scratched his green skin where a bug had bitten him.
“Heck, it’s a cruise ship.” Dylc implied. “It’d have to be one enormous sea monster to reach the deck of a cruise ship that isn’t half sunk. And the captain has already informed us the seashell horns will do,” Dylc argued. “Do you have a better idea?” he asked as his thoughts started to turn toward Jayden and Gelhona.
Tobben shook his head. “No. I’m sorry to say I don’t. But Zeal and I are working on it.”
Dylc slowly nodded. “Let us know if you do. But as far as I’m concerned the seashell horns will capture their attention. Even if they have to drop anchor near the shallow cliffs in order to reach us, there is no way those sea monsters are going to be able to reach the main deck.”
Dylc felt restless. After talking with the captain, Washburrn, and Alil about taking a search party out to find Jayden and Gelhona, he felt some satisfaction knowing the captain was in complete agreement, along with the others. Before the hour was out, Dylc and a few others were fast on their way to search for them. But after searching much of the island except for the ruins, they returned a day later empty handed, with on signs of them or anyone else.
 As their conversation of what might have happened to them grew old, Dylc and those who went with him joined the others on the clearing in their wait for a ship to rescue them. The night faded, and the endless wait became another day. Meanwhile the captain regained his eyesight well enough to come to the beach with Shellean and Nevets.
During this time Kyhawn stood on the clearing next to the shallow cliffs when he noticed storm clouds approaching. The thought soon faded as he got on his knees, looked over the cliffs, and studied the waves splashing against the rocks beneath him. He glanced at Washburrn, Alil, and Dylc.
Washburrn and Alil looked at him, waiting for him to speak. Washburrn peered into his large brown eyes. “You’re rubbing your chin. Now what’s going on in that creative head of yours?”
“It’s about both the rain and the sea creatures. Earron and I have put an idea together in order to warn the ship about them. Plus,” Kyhawn said with excitement, “we might be able to take the life boats out to the ship if they aren’t able to dock in front of the cliffs. I mean, that’s if my theory proves true.”
“Well, then let’s hear this theory of yours?”
“When we first arrived, it was raining. None of us saw any strange sea creatures then. Haven’t you guys noticed that every time we did see them, it wasn’t raining? A sprinkle maybe, but nothing hard.”
Kyhawn’s theory baffled Dylc, who didn’t like puzzles of any type. He wanted things to be plain and simple. “What’s your point, Kyhawn? Who keeps track of such nonsense?”
“Hold on there, Dylc,” Washburrn said. “I think I know what he’s getting at. Go on, Kyhawn.”
Dylc stood before them with skeptical eyes, and his arms crossed. “I’m listening.”
“When it does rain, those sea creatures don’t bother us when we’re in the water. Like the other night when La’mamm, or whoever he was, anyway when they took the boat out the only time those creatures attacked them… it wasn’t raining.” Kyhawn looked at Dylc with his hands out in front. Kyhawn’s hands moved up and down as he spoke. It was as if he had to use his hands to help get his point across. “Dylc, sir… the only time anyone has been attacked, it hasn’t been raining.”
Before Kyhawn had a chance to finish, Coita held the looking glass above his head and shouted, “SHIP! There—there’s the ship. Out there.” He jabbed the looking glass into the wind.
Earron grabbed the looking glass. A moment later he shouted, “I see it!” Everyone stood up in excitement.
Soon the ship was in view for all to see. Everyone on the beach and clearing had a look of hope in their eyes. Kyhawn quickly finished explaining his theory to Washburrn.
While Washburrn and Kyhawn stood alone, Washburrn gave him an odd look. “Sounds a bit farfetched, but if so, we’ll need to hurry. Odds are they’ve seen the island by now.” He shook his head. “I’ll make sure there’s a lifeboat on the beach before you and your friends return.”
“Thanks, Washburrn—thanks for believing in me.” Kyhawn clapped him on his shoulder and quickly went up to Earron. “You ready?”
“Yeah, I want to see if this will really work.”
Coita came up. “Where you guys going?”
Earron turned to him, “Come on, we need your help.” Earron quickly explained what they had planned.
Coita shrugged. “Whatever,” he said as he thought, First he thinks a key will appear on a washed-out sandcastle, but it didn’t. He’s come up with some weird ideas before, but this one cracks the ice. He thinks he knows everything.
Caught up in the excitement, Earron and Coita found it difficult to leave. Trapped on an island filled with adventure, they wanted to stay a while longer, but at the same time they didn’t want to get left behind there.
Captain Joenf squinted as he peered through the looking glass he had taken from his cloak. “I don’t see why we shouldn’t be able to dock the ship’s bow out in front of the shallow cliffs.” He slightly smiled, handing the looking glass to Nevets who was waiting impatiently for his own look. Nevets placed his walking crutches beside him and smiled.
Alil crouched beside them as they sat on the edge of white sand beach. “Washburrn and Kyhawn have an idea to at least warn them about the sea monsters. Even if those monsters aren’t able to reach the main decks, the least we can do is caution them about the monsters being in the waters.”
The Captain looked at Alil and nodded with a look of concern.
Moments later they heard the voices of Zeal and Washburrn.
“What in Goducess’s creation are you Zacs going to do with that lifeboat?” Captain Joenf asked as they hurried past dragging the life boat. Alil, Nevets and Shellean also had a curious look on their faces.
“We don’t have time to explain.” Washburrn gestured at Zeal to keep moving. “Where’s Kyhawn?” Washburrn exclaimed.
“There they are.” Zeal nodded to one side.
“Make room, make room!” Earron shouted as he, Kyhawn, and Coita came up alongside them in a rush to get down to the waters edge.
“What are they doing?” Nevets moved his crutches even closer to his side with one hand, while he placed his other hand over his healing stub below his knee and looked at them enviously.
The captain grabbed hold of Earron’s arm. “What are you youngsters doing with those dummies?”
“We don’t have time to explain, sir. Just hope it works.” Kyhawn gave Shellean a small smile as he went by her.
The captain, Alil, and Nevets shook their heads.
“Hurry up with it!” Washburrn slung his hood back. “We don’t have much time.”
Kyhawn put one dummy into the lifeboat and tied it in place. And with the help of the tide, they pushed the lifeboat out to sea. Although skeptical of the idea, they were all hoping Kyhawn would prove them wrong. Shortly after they launched the lifeboat, thunder echoed across the sky, but there was still no rain. Moments later the lifeboat was attacked by a sea creature.
“Wow—look at that!” Earron’s eyes lit up with alarm.
Coita looked at it fearfully. “It’s almost longer than an average fishing boat.”
Everyone was in awe. The gigantic tentacle crushed the lifeboat, but as soon as drops of rain started to fall, the tentacle disappeared under the waves leaving the dummy behind. It was as if the creature was afraid of the rain, Kyhawn thought. Seconds later the lifeboat split apart and vanished underwater.
Washburrn stared at Kyhawn, baffled. “Terrific—now I suppose since it’s raining, we’re going to sacrifice an additional lifeboat.”
“You saw the creature go under when it started raining. How else are we going to know?”
However, the captain and Dylc were not amused. The captain got to his feet. “Washburrn, I forbid you to launch another lifeboat.” He shook his cane, almost losing his balance.
Washburrn turned to the captain. “It’s raining. Don’t worry.” He wasn’t sure if he believed in Kyhawn’s theory, but he wanted to, and so did everyone else.
The captain waved his arm. “All right, go on,” he groaned. “We’re not going to get off this island on those lifeboats anyhow.”
Earron and Coita strapped the second dummy into another lifeboat. Kyhawn and Washburrn waded into the water waist deep and shoved the lifeboat out to sea.
Alil tried to stop them. “You’ll be killed!” she yelled.
“Don’t go out too far,” Earron pleaded, the waves brushing against his ankles. He worried, but deep down he wanted to believe in his good friends theory.
A passenger shouted, “Oh my! Hurry—there’s one of those snake monsters.”
“That’s only the dummy floating,” another passenger said.
“They’re going to waste another lifeboat,” Nevets complained. “There’s no way those pathetic creatures can be afraid of rain. They live in the water. Why would they be afraid of rain?”
Kyhawn and Washburrn gave the lifeboat one last shove and quickly returned to shore unharmed.
“Are you Zacs barmy?” Earron shouted at Kyhawn.
Kyhawn raised his hood over his wet hair. “We had to, Earron.”
As Alil came up alongside Washburrn, Washburn rested his elbow on Kyhawn’s shoulder and stared at the lifeboat. “I sure hope this works.”
While the minutes passed, as most of them stood under the trees and watched the lifeboat remain undisturbed.
Coita put his hands on his hips and stared at Kyhawn. “How did you know the monsters wouldn’t attack?”
“I didn’t.” Kyhawn looked at them modestly, “Just a theory, that’s all … a theory.” Kyhawn stood at the water’s edge and peered at the dummy. One of its arms dangled over the side. Kyhawn held his head back and let the rain beat down on his face. He thought, yes, a steady rain. He smiled confidently.
“It’s too far away.” The captain snatched the looking glass back from Nevets.
Alil overheard and drew near. “It’s not that far away. Let me take a look.” She gazed through the glass. “They’re close enough to see us,” she announced as she handed him back the looking glass and ran to the shoreline alongside Washburrn.
The captain put the looking glass to his eye and squinted as he viewed the ship. Unable to see a clear image, he grunted, and rested it on his lap.
“If you’re not going to use your looking glass …” Nevets held his hand out to the captain like a kid begging for candy.
“Take it. I can’t see too well anyhow.”
“They’re not seeing us!” a Zac shouted as she jumped up and down along with many of the others, waving her hanky back and forth. Zeal picked up a seashell horn and started to blow a message in code beckoning them to come near.
“They see us! I know they must!” exclaimed another.
“That ship should be slowing down and turning our way.” Nevets shook the looking glass out at the ship. “It should be coming this way by now.” He struck his straw hat repeatedly, leaned forward, put his face in his lap, and started crying. “It’ll be a year before my leg grows back. What am I going to do until then?”
Washburrn stood at the water’s edge with the only other looking glass. “Terrific—I don’t think they see us.”
Alil stood next to him bundled up in her cloak and a blanket. “Surly they see us. Who can they miss an island over four miles wide?” She slung one end of her blanket around him.
Kyhawn rubbed his chin, then tagged Earron’s side. “Come on!”
Earron and Kyhawn exchanged indescribable expressions with each other. Then Kyhawn grabbed a lifeboat and within a few moments they were on their way. But not before Washburrn had given them a looking glass. “Take this with you,” he insisted.  “And be careful—it could get dangerous out there.” He wanted to stop them but they had to do something, and fast.
Coita had snatched a seashell horn from Zeal. “Wait for me!” he shouted as he hurried with a slight limp. He made his way into the water as quickly as he could and climbed aboard.
“If they’re not coming in, then we’re going after them,” Kyhawn said as he and Earron jabbed their oars into the water and rowed hard. All three of them looked upon the dummy as representing hope, though deep down they feared they might not be protected.
Washburrn glanced around at everyone on shore. Everyone felt the same way he did; they wanted to stop them, but they knew this might be their only way home.
“I do believe the lads are our only hope,” Professor Romeous commented, then offered a re-enforcement of Kyhawn’s theory. “All creatures fear at least one form of physical matter. Apparently these do rain.” He observed the dummy. “This is spectacular. What else can this mean?” Romeous stood next to a lifeboat, wondering if he dared join them.
Earron steadied himself and glanced at the sky and the ship, then at the water. “I sure hope it doesn’t stop raining.” The dummy was slumped over as if asleep.
Kyhawn took a quick glance at the shore. “No one else is joining us.”
“Yeah, they have better sense than we do,” Coita muttered.

*                  *                  *

Washburrn embraced Alil, their gestures stiff and full of unease. Kyhawn, Earron and Coita were more then fifty yards out. Alil placed her hands over her cheeks. “If the monsters were going to attack, surely by now …?”
The rain dripped from Washburrn’s hood like grains of sand quickly falling through an hourglass. He stared at the dummy in the lifeboat, waiting for a tentacle to take it down.
“You’re not going out?” Alil asked as Romeous, Tailk, Werdna and Dylc stood next to a lifeboat.
“What are we waiting for?” Washburrn left Alil and went up to a lifeboat. “Are we going to let those young Zacs get all of the glory?” he asked as he reached for a lifeboat. Moments later, Dylc, Werdna, and Washburrn were also on their way. As they dared to cross the gauntlet of sea creatures, they all prayed in their own ways that the rain would continue.
As they drew closer to the large cruise ship, they blew their horns, shouting and waving their arms. Coita steadied himself at the front, one hand gripping the side and the other the horn. The looking glass was tucked between his legs.
“Use the looking glass!” Kyhawn shouted.
Coita peered through it for a moment. He turned to them. “They don’t see us.”
Werdna, Dylc and Washburrn stared out at the ship just as baffled as Kyhawn’s group. “These lifeboats are too slow,” Werdna tilted his straw hat forward to avoid the rain. “If these waves get any larger, we’re not going to last much longer.”
“Dylc,” Washburrn said sharply, “your pistol—fire your pistol.”
Dylc shook his head. “No pellets. There wasn’t enough time to load it.”
Washburrn quickly revealed his own pistol under his cloak. “Mine is,” He said handing Dylc the pistol.
“Keep your oar moving, Washburrn,” Werdna insisted.
Dylc fired the pistol. Everybody on shore and on the water heard it, but those in Kyhawn’s boat thought the sound had come from underneath. Their hearts raced ever faster until they realized it had only been a pistol. Earron glared back at Washburrn’s boat, giving it an angry, God-fearing look. “You mind telling someone first next time?”
Earron turned to Coita. “Can you tell if they heard it on the ship?”
Coita stared through the looking glass once again. “The ship’s slowed down. I can see ten or more of them aboard, but none of them is looking this way.”
Once again, the pistol fired. Although startled, this time the three quickly realized what had happened.
Earron said loudly, “Those pistol shots might be the only way we’re going to get their attention.”
Coita only knew one seashell horn code: a call for help. He kept repeating it.
“I guess if they can’t see us, they’ll hear us,” Kyhawn said. He plunged his oar madly into the water. “But it looks as though they haven’t yet.”
Coita pressed the looking glass to his eye and once more shook his head in disappointment.
Kyhawn glanced at Earron, and over his shoulder at Washburrn and the others, “They’re going to fire another shot.”
Dylc pulled the trigger, but there was only a clicking sound. “Powder’s too moist.” He shook the wet pistol at the ship and screamed, “Why can’t you hear us?” Almost losing his balance, he grabbed the sideboard, “Why can’t you see us …?”
Their hopes grew weak and spirits dimmed as their arms started to tire. Their looks now those of despair, the lifeboat began to slow down.
Coita’s eyes widened. “WOW! Look there, you guys! The island—it’s starting to disappear!”
“That’s it!” Kyhawn said excitedly. “That’s the reason they can’t see us. We’re invisible to them. We need to keep going.” His handsome narrow silverish-blue face glowed with confidence.
Coita looked puzzled. “Yeah …?”
Earron suppressed his fears. “It’s possible they’ll be able to see us if we’re able to go out far enough.”
While the bad weather became worse, Washburrn, Dylc, and Werdna retrieved the lifeboat containing the dummy and headed to shore. Washburrn glanced at the other two. “What are they trying to prove?” He took a deep breath, and cupped his hands around his mouth as he shouted, “The waters are getting entirely too dangerous. Come back, Kyhawn!” But Washburrn’s words were drowned out by the rain. Werdna blew on the seashell horn, but that sound too didn’t seem to have any affect.
Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita continued on. Although determined to capture the ship’s attention, they glanced back at the vanishing island in amazement.
Earron voiced their worries. “It’s almost gone. We should go back before we flip over.”
The next wave almost washed Coita overboard. Earron leaned forward and grabbed his leg. “We’re going back,” Earron insisted.
Feeling defeated, they turned the lifeboat around and fought the waves with each pounding stroke of the oars in the water as they forced the boat closer to shore.
The dreadful thought of being thrown overboard lingered on the edge of their minds. “Faster, Earron—the boat’s starting to turn!” Kyhawn yelled.
“We’re going sideways.” Coita’s thin face was consumed with fear. His hands gripped the sideboards. “Speed up, Earron!”
Kyhawn slowed his pace as he shouted, “Come on, Earron—we’re almost there!”
A wave crashed over them. Earron slipped trying to grab his oar. Kyhawn fell forward, almost going overboard. He grabbed the sides to center himself.
“Coita—where’s Coita?” Earron’s eyes widened with alarm. “Where is he? Do you see him?”
Kyhawn grabbed the remaining oar and crawled to the front. “He’s over here in the water,” he said in hopes that Coita might grab hold the oar.
Earron carefully went to help, “Where—where is he …?”
An arm emerged.
“Grab hold, Coita.” Earron stretched his arm over the side. His weight lowered the life boat deeper into the water. “Grab my hand!”
Coita reached across the treacherous waters, but as quickly as their hands came in contact, the waves tore them apart.
The lifeboat almost flipped. Coita was swept under by another wave. Seconds later, he surfaced on the opposite side. Kyhawn reached out for him, but the force of the water took him under again.
Seconds passed. Coita resurfaced and grabbed hold of the lifeboat.
“I got you—hang on!” Earron yelled. “Hang on, Coita!”
Coita felt something touch his feet. His thin body hung onto the side. “Pull me in—pull me in!”
“We might tip if I do,” Earron warned, worried all three of them might end up in the water. “Here, I’ve got you. Hold on!”
“The creatures … Earron, please get me in.”
“We better.” Kyhawn leaned closer.
The lifeboat dipped into a wave and flipped completely over. Earron and Coita surfaced to find each other safe, but the lifeboat was gone.
“Coita—where did Kyhawn go?”
Coita shook his head without saying a word. His strength gone, he was frightened he’d be next, and swam as swiftly towards the beach as his thin body allowed.
Earron, now alone, slipped off his coat. Something touched my leg. He started swimming frantically, thinking it was a sea monster. But a few strokes later he looked to his side. “It’s you!”
“Seaweed dragged me under,” Kyhawn reported. Too tired to be afraid any longer, they headed for shore.
When Coita’s feet touched the wet sand, Tobben and Romeous were there to assist him.
Moments later Washburrn rushed in and grabbed hold of Kyhawn who was once again barefoot and missing a coat. Werdna and Alil supported Earron who almost collapsed from exhaustion.
After they were safe ashore with the lifeboats secured under the protection of trees, they gathered their belongings and started for the old camp. Washburrn scolded Kyhawn as he draped a blanket around him, even though he knew he’d done the same type of thing when he was that age. Meanwhile Alil, Dylc, and Zeal were draping blankets around and lecturing Earron and Coita.
The foliage protected them from the rain pounding on the leaves above. All were devastated that the ship had passed by without being able to see them.
“I’m telling you—the island was disappearing.” Kyhawn breathed hard. “The further out we went, the more transparent it became. From our viewpoint it looked just like a … ghost island.”
“I know—we saw it starting to disappear too,” Washburrn confirmed. “Apparently it’s why they couldn’t see us, if that makes any sense.”
“If only we could have reached the other side.” Kyhawn lowered his head. “We would have if it hadn’t been for that storm. Then just maybe, we might have been noticed by someone aboard ship.”
As the group neared camp, the expressions on their faces varied from sadness to anger, with their opinions also going from one extreme to another. Many of them didn’t think they’d ever be home again.
Tailk, the rough-looking but soft-spoken Zac, came up to the captain, Alil, and Dylc. “I’ve an idea that might get us off this island.”
Captain Joenf pressed one hand to his cane. “So what is it?”
“We use all the remaining lifeboats. We tie them loosely together so they act as a flexible raft. That way they can break the waves with less chance of flipping over.”
The captain nodded. “Sounds good.” He stopped and turned to Tailk, “Actually, it’s an excellent plan.”
An elderly passenger rushed at them. “The camp’s been ransacked!”
“My valuables—they’re all missing!” another shouted.
A Zac came running out from the sleeping cabin horrified, “Someone please help me—my husband—he’s hurt bad!” She gripped Washburrn’s soaking wet cloak.
They hurried inside the cabin and found her husband lying face down. Blood dripped from the back of his neck onto the dirt floor.
“Kyhawn, give me a hand with him,” Washburrn ordered.
Kyltic moaned. “My head … what happened?”
Washburrn supported his shoulder. “We were hoping you’d tell us.”
“Wish I knew,” he said, sounding dazed. “Last I remember … I was retrieving our belongings.” He rubbed his elbow where new growth had begun to replace his missing forearm.
Kyhawn observed, “You seem to have been hit on the back of your head with a blunt object of some type.”
Washburrn agreed. “Most likely this.” He kicked a short heavy branch aside. “We’ll have Malnur or Shellean look you over.”
Malnur walked out from the medic cabin and slowly approached. “Malnur,” the captain shouted. “So what in Goducess’s creation went on here?”
“I was tending to Selton’s fever when the new crew-Zac rushed me from behind. I think his name’s Luxton.” Malnur rubbed his neck. “When I turned to see who it was, he pushed me to the ground and clubbed the back of my neck. You can look if you like.”
“Hum, there’s a bruise there,” the captain observed.
Malnur threw his arms out in a show of innocence. “When I came back around the place was … as it is now.”
The captain turned to Kyltic who was being tended to by Shellean.  “So did you see anything?”
Kyhawn knelt next to Kyltic helping Shellean. “He claims he was hit from behind,” Kyhawn said. “He doesn’t know what happened.”
“Washburrn, take count of everyone,” the captain demanded. “I want some answers. Not tomorrow—today!” He led Kyltic, with the help of Alil and Dylc, inside the medic cabin along with Malnur.
“Yes sir.” Washburrn said. He then turned to Kyhawn with a raised eyebrow. “You know, Kyhawn, it doesn’t surprise me about Luxton.” He shook his head. “I knew there was something about him I didn’t like.”
Before long, Washburrn and Kyhawn realized three Zacs along with a lengthy list of personal belongings were missing. Alil informed them that Malnur’s story checked out with Selton and two other patients who witnessed the event. As for Kyltic, in light of his significant injury, they took his word he was innocent.

CHAPTER 8:

As the last raindrop fell, Treb and Bekim walked into camp with Luxton and two passengers, Stubton and Pasha, their hands bound behind their backs and Treb’s pistol on them. Bekim dropped a blanket overflowing with stolen valuables. His tall muscular built was well hidden under his long, black leather double-breasted cloak. “We caught these thieves fleeing with the goods,” he said proudly, his voice accented like his father’s.
“We thought they might run off to those ruins.” Treb took off his wide brimmed hat, exposing his balding scalp. His long dark hair draped over his long leather cloak. “What do you say we string’em up?” He jabbed Luxton’s backside.
Luxton went for Treb’s pistol, but Treb was too quick for him, spinning around and knocking Luxton off his feet with his pointed toe boots. Luxton lay flat on the ground. Treb’s large black eyes flickered with anger. “I do believe he’s their leader.”
Luxton glared at Treb. “You red-skin desert rat,” Luxton mumbled.
Bekim looked around at everyone. He had hoped to see some unfamiliar faces from the cruise ship.
“What happened out there … the ship?” Treb asked.
Alil grabbed Luxton by the shirtsleeves. “We’ll tell you the bad news later. For now let’s secure these three around the foot of that tree.” She pointed at the tall tree between the kitchen and the sleeping cabin.
Washburrn looked at Bekim, “You’ve been hurt.”
“It’s not too bad. Be okay after the blood dries.”
“You wait right here and I’ll get one of the nurses to have a look.” Washburrn scanned the area. “Malnur—where’d he run off to?”
“I can tend his wound,” Shellean offered as she thanked Bekim for his bravery.
And once the three thieves, whom they figured were most likely Grongels or pirates, had been tied to the tree and the valuables returned to their rightful owners, Washburrn, Dylc, and a few others prepared themselves for another trip to the ruins. They wanted to find Mekon and his followers before anyone else got hit over the head or even murdered. One way or another they were determined to put an end to this madness.
Kyhawn wanted to go with them, but Washburrn and the captain had other plans for him. “We’re going to need for you to stay here, and … help around camp.” He paused. “Didn’t Captain Joenf put you, Earron, and Coita on bonfire duty tonight?”
Kyhawn stared at the ground and responded slowly, “Yes.”
“Situations such as this can bring out the worst in a Zac. There have been way too many deaths already. It’s important to me that you help Alil and the Captain take care of matters here.”
Kyhawn frowned, feeling discouraged at not being able to go with them. “But sir, I mean Washburrn, you might need my help.”
Washburrn cracked a thin smile and patted his pocket. “I have a crystal, remember?” He glanced at the others waiting for him, then turned to Kyhawn. “Well, I think we both know you want to solve the mystery of your dreams before more of them come true.” He scratched his whiskers. “You already know how I feel about you, Earron and Coita going off alone to that cave. But if you do, make darn sure you tell Captain Joenf, or Alil.”
“Yes,” Kyhawn said as he watched Washburrn prepare to leave camp. “Be careful up there,” he whispered. “Be careful.”
The captain said to Alil, “Washburrn sure has taken a liking to Kyhawn.”
“I think it’s nice.” Alil smiled slightly. “I’ve never seen him treat anyone with such care.” She then realized Washburrn had forgotten his cabac. “Washburrn,” she hurried over to him, “you might need this cabac. And what were you and Kyhawn discussing so intently?”
Washburrn looked grateful as he took the cabac. “Just do me a favor and make sure he and his two friends stay out of trouble.”
“We’ll do.” She embraced him. “Take care of yourself. And keep an eye on Dylc. He doesn’t look well.”
Washburrn pulled away to join the others, and within a few seconds he too had disappeared into the thick of the trees.

*                  *                  *

Later that evening while many of the passengers were sitting around the fire-pits, two passenger ladies were talking together as the first’s Oowed sat next to her, mending a hole in her fancy garment. “My husband and I almost didn’t take this cruise,” she said. “Now they tell us that to get off this island, we’ll have to tie the lifeboats together and go out to a ship in the rain. I paid good tiallup for this trip. That chaps my behind, if you understand what I mean.”
The other lady nodded sadly. “My son and his new bride were going to meet with me in Adrolf.” She lowered her head and began to cry. “I may never see them again.” They hold each other in friendship, as if embracing each others sadness.
Kyhawn stood next to a fire-pit glancing at the two ladies while stirring a large pot of potato, herb, and sea-bird soup hanging over the embers. He noticed Shellean coming from around the corner of the medic cabin. To his surprise, she looked directly at him. He turned away as though he wasn’t interested. A moment later, he turned to see if she was still watching him, but she wasn’t. He became lost in his own thoughts as he reached for a bowl and sat on a stump next to the fire-pit to eat.
“I see you didn’t go with them.” Shellean appeared suddenly beside him.
Kyhawn stood up straight and almost fell into the fire-pit.
“Careful!” She grabbed him. “I see you’re not going with Washburrn to the ruins. I guess this morning’s affair was plenty for one day…?”
Kyhawn’s face turned a deeper shade of blue. “The captain put Earron, Coita, and me on guard duty tonight at the bonfire, or otherwise I would have gone with them.” He motioned for her to come closer. “This may sound a bit childish, so don’t tell anyone this.” He looked at her sky-blue skin, and then into her dark blue eyes, “But if we get a chance out there, we’re going to make a sandcastle.”
“A sandcastle?” she chuckled.
“Shhh … the Captain and Alil know about our plans. Zeal and Tobben too, but no one else.” He refilled his bowl with soup, then glanced around at the others lounging nearby as he didn’t want anyone else to hear what he had to say. “Tomorrow, if we find that dagger-key, we’re going to the cave.”
“I don’t understand what makes you think you’re going to find it on the beach in the morning. How many of those silly sandcastles have you guys made already?” Shellean put on a fake smile. “I’m sorry. It does sound exciting and dangerous—at least about you guys going to that cave all alone.”
“I guess, or should I say, it will be.” He rubbed his chin. “How’d you like to join us?”
“No thanks, I have to stay up most of the night myself. Only I’ll be watching over Zacs with the flu. Two more passengers came down with it.”
He swallowed a bite of soup. “Seems Daedeth and Ginvaelton have been sick for as long as we’ve been here.”
She nodded. “They have, and I don’t understand it either. No matter what we do for them, they remain ill.”
“I guess this means you’re not going?”
“No, I’m not going,” she answered, thinking, What a dumb idea. She looked at his feet. “Do those boots fit you all right?”
“They’re okay. They’ll do.” He took a final spoonful of soup, set the bowl aside, and adjusted his fancy dark orange cloak. “The cloak fits just fine.” He smiled, looking into her eyes. “Do you ever get angry? I mean, I’ve never seen you upset. Even after all we’ve been through. Or should I say, after all you’ve been through.”
“I just pretend—pretend all is well.” She returned the smile. “But I do have some time now, and I was thinking we might take a walk. That’s if you don’t have any other plans before your bonfire duty starts.”
Kyhawn smiled again. “Should I bring a rope?”
“Ha … I don’t think so. Being tied up with you once by that imposter of a Zac, posing as La’mamm and his religious fanatic group was enough for one adventure.”
Dellyna came storming out from the medic cabin. “I’m not going to take any more of Ginvaelton’s filthy mouth. I’m sorry, Shellean, but they’re all yours.” She tossed her apron aside. “When I see Malnur I’m going to give him a piece of my mind.”
Shellean looked at Kyhawn and gestured “some other time.”
Kyhawn took a deep breath and gave her an “oh well” look.
“Kyhawn,” Earron came up with his sleeping gear and cabac hanging from his shoulders. “Captain said we needed to leave for the bonfire now. When we get there, we’re going to need to gather and chop up a lot of wood.” Coita wasn’t far behind.
Moments later Kyhawn had gathered his gear, and off to the bonfire the three of them departed. Earron led the way with lantern in hand. Meanwhile, Luxton, Stubton, and Pasha, a female posing as Stubton’s wife began whispering among themselves.
“See here, I’m still in charge,” the short, slim, pale yellow-skinned Luxton told them. “We escape tonight while Washburrn and Dylc are away.”
The tall, skinny, green-skinned Stubton, dressed in his fancy garments, asked, “What of those Grongels? We know they’re up there in the ruins. Shouldn’t we team together, at least until we get off this island?”
“I’m with him.” The conniving and beautiful Pasha stared at Luxton. Her brown hair hung just past her shoulders over her green skin that glistened with eagerness to escape.
“We can help them nab the artifacts too. No doubt they could use the assistance. Pay us handsomely for it too, and then some.”
Luxton showed what he thought of their ideas by spitting in the dirt. “We’ll leave when I say. We’ll take the lifeboats we hid when we first landed, and tie them together. When it rains, we’ll flee this dead zone. Our ship should be waiting for us between here and Adrolf. We’ll keep the sails of our ship high on the sea until one of those cruise ships passes through these waters and rescues the rest of them. Then we’ll ransack the ship and get hold of the chest, but not until then.”
“Shhh … here they come,” Pasha warned.

*                  *                  *

Washburrn, Dylc, and the others were already two-thirds of the way up the mountain. During this time, Professor Romeous had been telling them his theory about what Werdna and his crew had experienced when they stumbled upon the island. “At first those sea creatures were ghost-like. The closer the fishing boat drew near, the more real the creatures became,” he explained. Most of them nodded as if they were listening. He quickly added by telling them of the ship passing by without noticing them, and why the island had started to disappear the further out they went in the lifeboats. “A circumference zone, we must be in one,” he announced with excitement. “What else could this signify?”
Everyone looked at him oddly. “What in the heck are you talking about?” Dylc questioned, followed by the others.
“A circumference zone is a rare phenomenon, and we are indeed in the center of one. The last time this accrued was … over a thousand years ago.” Romeous glanced at Washburrn, Dylc, and Werdna. “Such as what you three caught a glimpse of, and those other lads experienced. Once we sail out far enough, in tied together lifeboats such as Tailk suggested, at some point the island is sure to completely disappear, and a passing ship is sure to see us. From that location on, we can put our fears of those prehistoric sea creatures to rest.”
All of a sudden a pistol fired. Frightened by the sound, a few birds leaped into the sky from nearby trees. Dylc lay on the wide path in a small puddle of mud. “Help me up. My hip—I think it’s broken.”
The tension didn’t ease until Washburrn and Romeous gave Dylc a hand and realized all that had happened was that Dylc had slipped and his pistol had gone off accidentally.
“You scared the wits right out of us, Dylc.” Romeous held his shoulder.
“I’d say you did. But we’re almost there.” Washburrn held his other shoulder. “Are you sure about your hip?”
Dylc looked down at himself. “Feel’s like it, but maybe not,” he moaned. “But my uniform’s ripped, and I’ve got a gouge in my leg from the rocks—or that darn tree root crossing the path.”
“Doesn’t look good,” Washburrn said. “Will you be able to continue? If you go back, you can take one of these Zacs with you, but we need to press on.”
Dylc played with his mustache for a moment or two, as if undecided. He looked up at the path before them. “I’ll manage.”
When they finally reached the top, an ancient waterhole awaited them. Beyond the waterhole the city of ruins lay before them. Their images reflected off the waterhole as they passed it and headed for the nearest ruin. The living space was small compared to their standards. Werdna looked around at the large room constructed of stone, and at its decaying wooden roof. For the most part, the doors and windows had long rotted away. But a fireplace stood as a dividing wall supporting the remains of the ceiling. “Reminds me of Earron and Coita’s shack,” Werdna chuckled.
“We’ll rest here.” Washburrn glanced at Werdna, then looked at Dylc. Though he didn’t agree with him most of the time, he couldn’t help but feel sorry for him, as despite their differences, he knew Dylc was a decent Zac.
Dylc nodded as if he cared only about ridding himself of his pain. He reached for his cabac.
Washburrn looked out a window. What was left of the wooden shutters hung loosely from the stone wall. His mind drifted back and forth from the first time he’d laid eyes on Luxton aboard ship to a time many years’ ago. “I know where I’ve seen Luxton before,” he announced as they settled in. He could see Luxton in his mind’s eye and examine him as he would a famous painting. “I knew I’d seen his face somewhere else. He’s the famous pirate, Captain Nurrblodd. But back then he had shorter hair and whiskers.” He raised an eyebrow and looked delighted. “Well, what do you know—we’ve finally captured the scoundrel!”
“A famous pirate,” Treb said with a curious look. “Why no wonder that worthless piece of scrap rawhide couldn’t serve a glass of water without spilling any.”
“I ran into him about ten years ago.” Washburrn’s mind again drifted through time. He set his cabac aside. “He managed to get away back then. And from what I’ve heard, many times after.” He looked angry. “The bloody scoundrel. His slivering mates and he used to kidnap kids and Ooweds and sell them for slaves. They’d use the ones they couldn’t sell quick enough for play toys. After they had their way with them, they’d string them up alive and torture them.”
Werdna’s eyes widened in fright. “Play toys … and torture …?”
“While the kids and Ooweds were still alive, they’d let them hang by their feet till death finally became a blessing.” Washburrn quivered in rage. “Afterward they’d eat their rotting flesh.” He slowly shook his head. “It was dreadful … absolutely dreadful.”
Bekim leaned out an empty window and was sick.
“Son?” Treb went to him with his water pouch. “Wash your mouth out. Get that nasty taste out.”
“Thanks Dad. It’s just that …”
“We know how you feel, Bekim. I’ve seen too much in my days.” Washburrn leaned against the fireplace and started to sharpen his sword. “Dylc, are we going to be able to move on, or do we stay here tonight?”
Dylc was feeling the effects of some medicine he had taken. “Stay here tonight.” He adjusted his leg while Werdna helped him bandage his wound. “I’m sure my leg will be its old self by morning.”
Werdna went to the dividing wall. He glanced up passed the ceiling beams at the sky. “We can take turns keeping watch tonight, then begin searching for them at first light.”
“Bekim and I’ll keep watch over here on the east side.” Treb glanced out the window. “I wonder where Mekon and them other desert lizards could be hiding,” he said as he too started sharpening his sword.

*                  *                  *

To the north of where Washburrn and his companions made camp, Emit and all six of his comrades were alive and eager. The cellar of an oval-shaped temple ruin concealed them quite well, thought Emit. He grinned, then gave an eerie laugh. The temple ruin stood tall. Beyond it, steep cliffs and waterfalls stretched all along a lengthy portion of the north coast.
Emit stared out a small window and ripped away a loose shutter that had been flapping back and forth from wind and rain. He drew near the once beautiful temple doors, turned to his comrades, and tossed the weathered shutter to his side. “This temple may have to serve us if we aren’t able to make it to Chamquinil before Double-Sun-Day.” Emit’s long red hair, orange eyes, thin silverish-blue face, and posture all created a picture of someone obsessed with greed.
He ascended a wide set of stone steps where preachers once led services. He looked at Yamm, another new crew-Zac. “Thanks to you, we have the documents with the information we’ll need to conduct our ritual.” He held out part of what appeared to be an oversize golden dinner plate. “They can’t stop us, not as long as we possess this piece of the Caytona Shield.”
A lantern sat on what looked like a short stone pillar, with three more pillars resting nearby. Emit stood next to a large slab of stone lying on the altar floor. He looked at the stone slab which had once been used for an altar table. He took the lantern from the short stone pillar and demanded his comrades place the stone slab on top of the four short stone pillars. He was determined to prepare the ancient temple for their ceremony.
When the stone slab had been set in place, Emit was pleased with himself. He strutted across the floor, his long red hair pulled back in a ragged ponytail that flopped against his upper backside. “If needed, this temple will do,” he repeated, acting like a high priest.
Mekon sat at the foot of the altar steps looking into a mirror. With a straightedge blade in hand and hog fat rubbed on the lower half of his face, he began to shave. But it seemed he had something on his mind. “Emit,” he pleaded, “if our high priest doesn’t get that chest before Double-Sun-Day, he’ll have us all hung until our flesh hangs from our bodies for him to chew on.”
Emit took a swig of water. “You worry too much, my old friend.” He leaned close and laid his hand on Mekon’s head, “I don’t see why you and I shouldn’t take advantage of this temple and become high priests ourselves. We’ve already talked about this.”
Mekon frowned. “There can be only one high priest. And that is our dear Chamquinil Trade School Professor. And that is the way it should remain.”
“But once I let myself become possessed by Kebadon. With you at my side, the Professor won’t have a chance at overthrowing us.” Emit glanced around at his comrades, greed possessed his expression. “No one has been possessed by Kebadon’s powers for over a thousand years.”
Mekon carefully leaned his head back to shave under his chin. “I’m not so sure about this, Emit.”
Emit looked excitedly at his fellow Grongels. “After we have the ceremony, we can leave this island, but still claim it as our own. It’s perfect. No one can see us here, but we can catch sight of them.” An eerie chuckle slipped between his thin lips. “It even has its own moat with flesh-eating creatures to keep away unwanted company.”
“I say we focus our attentions on obtaining that chest,” Mekon argued, “and get off this island before Double-Sun-Day.” He set his mirror aside. “Emit, if it weren’t for the Professor, you and I’d be no more than a couple of common thieves. He’s brought us much wealth already.” Mekon stood, blade still in hand. “I’m not betraying our Master.”
“Master …?” Emit scoffed. “The Master is the one who permits Kebadon to possess him. Once his powers are fully released, the entire world will be ours. The ancient scrolls tell us this.” Emit got in Mekon’s face. His dark lines under his eyes, blemished thin face, and bad breath was only inches away from Mekon. Emit turned and walked away. He then looked at him with a pleading stare. “Be with me on this. I promise you more wealth then you’ve ever laid eyes on.” Emit’s dark-orange eyes peered into Mekon’s. “You need to seriously think on this. The more Zacs we recruit, the more powerful we’ll become.” He laughed. “It’ll be the same as it was in the days of our ancestors.” He kept on trying to persuade Mekon into overthrowing the only remaining high priest, a professor from the Chamquinil School of Thought, who at that very moment was at the trade school waiting for the ancient artifacts.
Mekon, with blond curly hair and wise in his own twisted way, stepped up to the altar platform and stood next to Emit. He shook a fist at the altar, straightedge blade in hand. “I don’t feel right about this at all.”
“That’s what I like about you, Mekon.” Emit picked up the mirror and combed his mustache. “You always say what’s on your mind. Loyal too. You think about my offer.” He paused. “You need me as much as I need you.”
The heavyset Namferic stood at the weathered temple doors. “I do believe Malnur’s coming.” He took a second look. “No, it’s Jayden.”
Jayden rushed in, breathing heavily. “Seems we’ve got company from Captain Joenf’s camp. I could be wrong, but I’d say they’re bedding down in one of those abandoned huts near the waterhole.”
Emit leaned against the altar and began to sharpen his dagger. “Who’s amongst them?”
“That Treb and his son, and Romeous. Couldn’t say who else.”
Emit looked in the mirror once more, then handed it back to Mekon. “If that Malnur doesn’t arrive soon, we’ll have a nurse to sacrifice instead.” He smiled, exposing his yellow teeth. “One fresh heart and liver is as good as another.”
The weathered doors opened again. “It’s Malnur.” Yamm nudged Jayden. “He’s in trouble.”
“He’s always in trouble.”
Emit gestured for him to come closer.
“Sorry, Emit.” Malnur took a few deep breaths and rested on the altar steps. “I’ve brought good news,” he said as he fastened his Grongel necklace around his neck.
Emit stood at the altar alongside Mekon. Mekon’s long blond curly hair and blue eyes glistened in the lantern’s light. “Tell us this good news,” Mekon said as he looked into the mirror making sure he’d shaved off all his whiskers.
“First of all,” Malnur took a deep breath, “some of them are camped in one of those ruins near the main trail.”
“We have our eyes on them,” Emit said. “If they don’t make a move tonight, then neither shall we.” He waved at him to continue.
“Three Zacs ransacked their camp. That new crew-Zac Luxton was one of them, and two passengers. It happened while most of them were at the beach.”
“We know about the ship passing by without seeing them.” Emit said. “We’ve had our eye on them. What about this Luxton and the other two with him, you were saying?”
Malnur bowed respectfully. “The Captain’s group caught them, and they think they’re with us.”
Emit untied his ponytail and shook out his long red hair. “What about our ritual artifacts?”
Greed overwhelmed Malnur’s normally kind and gentle face. “I overheard Washburrn telling Captain Joenf they had the chest buried on the west end.” He rose from the steps and looked at them. “The word in camp is… the key that looks like a dagger came from the chest.” He began handing out zuetia leaves to everyone.
Emit stuffed a leaf in his mouth and began to chew. “How can that be? It’s not one of our ritual tools. I’ve read the list we have here with us.”
Mekon took the pieces of parchment from the small chest. “Apparently you didn’t go over the entire list or the rest of the information.” He pointed at one of the pieces. “Here,” he said forcefully. “It may be written sideways on this piece of parchment, but it’s here. And it’s circled.”
While they remained quietly waiting for Emit to read every piece of parchment, Mekon thought about the dagger-key. Though he didn’t know how to tap into them powers, he wasn’t going to tell Emit what magical powers it had. He thought to himself, If he is able to open the peg-lock canister in the chest and becomes possessed by Kebadon, it’s possible I’d be able to kill him by using the dagger-key. I’ll be rewarded handsomely for returning the artifacts. With or without Emit.
Emit glanced around at everyone, then at Mekon. “These pieces of parchment tell us in detail how to perform the ceremony on the eve of Double-Sun-Day, but there’s not one word about that dagger-key anywhere on these pages. He frowned. “We don’t need that key any more than we need the high priest of Chamquinil.” Dropping the parchment pieces on top of the small chest, he walked away, but looked somewhat baffled.
While Mekon gathered the scattered pieces and neatly placed them in the small chest, he thought about the dagger-key turning into sand while in his pocket. Or did Krow or Nelg nip it from my cloak before they were killed? “We should find this dagger-key and hold on to it for safekeeping.”
Emit waved his arm in apparent agreement. “Be on the safe side,” he said. He did not like to play it safe, but he was thinking only about becoming high priest. “We’ll do whatever it takes. I want it here.” He turned to Namferic and Healcox. “You two will be responsible for retrieving that key.”
Healcox went to a pile of fresh bones with bits of dry meat hanging from them. He tossed another bone onto the pile and nodded “I think I know how they found it,” he said as he slipped his dagger into its sheath.
“We can talk about that later.” Emit took from his pocket a torn piece of parchment and handed it to Malnur. “Now I want you to take this note, and make sure Washburrn gets it. Yamm, Jayden, and you are going to take Alil captive.” He gave them a small pouch. “Slip this into her drink. She won’t give you any trouble once she drinks this.” He chuckled. “They’re sure to trade her for some lifeboats and the peg-lock chest. That’s if they want to see her alive again.” He said as he stepped down from the altar and went to the small window. He stared at the ruins of the stone cabins, which had once been a small town on top the mountain. And in his own greedy ways, Emit wondered if he should kill off Treb and Bekim, and anyone else with them. Be less to worry about later, he thought.
Down from the temple ruin a ways, and obscured from view, Washburrn was also looking out a window in the same direction as the temple ruin. Unaware of its occupants, he and his companions were doing their best to keep dry. Rain dripped from the leaky roof, which only partly protected them. “Well, things could be worse,” Washburrn joked to ease the tension.
“We should try and find a drier place,” Bekim suggested. “Our shed back home we use to slaughter wallong for market is a king’s palace compared to this dump.”
“I was up here before, and they’re all very much the same,” Washburrn said as he poured himself a cup of water and sat down near an open window. A moment later they heard thunder, followed by a bolt of lighting flashing across the sky. Like a huge whip smacking the wind, the cool night air began to echo about them, creating haunting sounds like children crying. A hint of fear crept into their Zacterronian bones. They stood watch with only the warmth of their blankets draped over their cloaks. For a while, each of them was in his own world wondering if and when the Grongels might attack.
Werdna loosened his scarf securing his hat to his head and shook his head sorrowfully. “We’ve been so deceived, all of us.”
“Well.” Washburrn glanced at Dylc, who was sound asleep, and spoke in a soft tone. It was almost a whisper. “Goes to show you, sometimes you can never tell.” Washburrn pondered the thought as he held his cup firmly between both hands. “One of my old teachers, Lord Windslowe, once told me that wicked Zacs can sometimes appear friendly, and friendly Zacs can sometimes appear wicked. He also told me to always believe and trust in who you are, and the truth will be sure to follow.”
The ruin became quiet as everyone took in Washburrn’s philosophy.
Washburrn gulped down the rest of his water and looked out the empty window frame, noting the weather was starting to clear. Odds are those Grongels, or whoever they are, are out there watching us from one of these ruins. He set his cup on the empty windowsill and thought about Kyhawn. He noticed how the cup sitting there by itself created a unique composition of mysterious simplicity. Kyhawn might think it would make for a terrific painting, he thought as he took his cup from the windowsill and once again held it firmly between his hands.

CHAPTER 9:

Earron and Coita sat under the wood shelter near the bonfire with Kyhawn by the small campfire next to them. They were now relaxing after cutting and gathering firewood. Kyhawn stared at the empty cup pressed between his hands. He felt a connection between him and Washburrn. Somehow he knew Washburrn was well, which made him feel calm. He stretched his arms and breathed in deeply the ocean air, then reached for the coffeepot sitting on a heated flat stone and poured himself a another cup of coffee.
“Hey you guys, it’s not raining.” Earron got to his feet and went to the hillside. “Let’s get started on that sandcastle. Maybe a key will appear this time,” he added with a doubtful looked.  “Besides we don’t have anything else to do but chuck wood in the fire. And keep an eye out for another ship.”
“Won’t be a ship in these waters for another week,” Coita said. “I heard Captain telling one of his crew.” However, he put his cup of tea onto a flat rock and went to join Earron. Kyhawn stayed behind and peered through the looking glass for any signs of a ship’s night lights. He laid the looking glass next to his cabac, tossed a few logs in the bonfire, emptied his cup, and went to the hillside. He playfully slid down onto white sand beach, then dropped to his knees and began scooping sand with both hands to create a foundation for his sandcastle.
Earron dragged his dagger over the top of the pile of sand he’d already gathered. After he felt it was smooth enough, he started packing his cups of sand. He looked excited as he placed one cup of pressed sand on top another. Coita sat on his knees beside him, filled his cup with sand, then poured it out as if he didn’t care. He turned to Kyhawn. “What makes you think that weird key will be here in the morning? I heard it came from that peg-lock chest. Anyone could have taken it from there and kept it for themselves. It’d have to be a magic key to jump out of that chest by itself. And I doubt it’s magic.” He pressed his hands to his hips and stared at Kyhawn. “A crystal with a spell is one thing, but a magic key …?” He shrugged. “I don’t think so.”
Earron stopped what he was doing, “Yeah, Coita is right.”
Kyhawn sat in front of his sandcastle and looked at them somewhat sadly. “I’m not sure if I believe in magic either.” He brushed his hair away from his eyes. “But we don’t have much time here. We should at least give it one last attempt.”
Earron picked up his cup and jabbed it into the sand. “Come on, Coita. At least it’s fun making them.”
“Whatever.” Coita jabbed the sand with his dagger.
The time slipped away as they enjoyed the moment. Before long Earron and Coita had completed a knee-high square sandcastle with six towers and a few narrow windows. For a final touch, Earron added a star-shaped leaf as a door facing the ocean. “I think it’s wild.” He smiled, hoping the leaf might cast a spell on the dagger-key. “I believe in magic,” he said as the star-shaped leaf sparkled for a brief moment reflecting the moonlight. He sat in quietness taking in the brief but magical moment. He was indeed confident in himself and all that he did, something Kyhawn admired in him.
“With any luck, it won’t rain again and wash them away before the tide has a chance to flood them.” Coita turned to Kyhawn. “Isn’t that how it works?”
“What? Oh the rain, yes … let’s hope it doesn’t rain,” Kyhawn replied as he carved the last few details of his round castle.
“The way it rains around here,” Earron said with a chuckle, “it’ll take some magic for that to not happen.”
Coita and Earron burst out in laughter while Kyhawn remained quiet. He leaned back to get an overall view of his three knee-high towers with a dome-shaped centerpiece as the main structure. He seemed in his own world as he leaned closer and carved another window into the dome. Then he smacked his arm where a bug had just bitten him and down one of its towers went. Kyhawn leaned back and threw his dagger at the hillside as he got to his feet.
Earron and Coita tried to hold their tongues, but Coita couldn’t take it any longer. As soon as he started, they both burst out laughing again.
“All right, so my elbow decided I only needed two towers.” Kyhawn slipped his dagger back into its sheath and went to have a look at their sandcastle. “By the way, I like the leaf idea,” he said with a nod before turning and beginning the climb back up the hillside to the bonfire.
Moments later Earron and Coita followed, and except for a few passing clouds, they had moonlight throughout most of their watch. They enjoyed themselves sitting around the campfire, as Kyhawn explained to them that one of his dreams gave him the impression the dagger-key would bring them wealth. Though Coita wasn’t sure if he should believe him or not, Earron, Kyhawn, and he did have fun passing the time telling each other about all of the fancy things they were going to buy if indeed the dagger-key appeared and opened a door to hidden treasure. Every so often they went to the hillside to see if the tide had flooded the sandcastles. On their fourth look, the sandcastles were completely gone. All was well between them, at least until Kyhawn mentioned something about attending the trade school in Chamquinil.
“There’s nothing wrong with trade school,” Earron said. “Besides, I’ve often thought about going to the Chamquinil School of Thought myself.”
Coita looked at Earron, somewhat saddened. “What about our plans to own our own fishing boat?”
“They’re dreams. Maybe someday.” Earron slung his arm around Coita. “But I’m not sure how when we only live from day to day.”
Coita gave him a hopeful look. “We’d just have to start saving our tiallup.”
Earron shrugged. “Even if we did have enough tiallup … I’m still thinking about attending trade school.”
Coita pushed Earron’s arm away and got to his feet. “I’m going over there if anyone needs me.” He glared at Kyhawn as he went to the edge of the shallow cliffs and sat down.
Kyhawn looked at Earron as they got up and tossed wood into the bonfire. Earron glanced at Coita, then turned to Kyhawn. “I’ve changed. I wish I could make him understand.” Earron sighed. “Don’t tell him I told you this, but I’m sick and tired of fishing for a living.”
Kyhawn tossed a log onto the small campfire. “Earron, you’d like it. You get to meet different Zacs from different regions. Military training isn’t much fun, but I guess it could come in handy the way things are going. I mean, with those Grongels and pirates and all.”
Earron turned to his cabac and reached inside for some tea leaves. He looked over again at Coita. Torn between his dreams and Coita’s, he tossed some more sticks in the small flames.
“What would you study?” Kyhawn got to his feet. “Fishing is all you know.”
“Not sure,” Earron said as he shrugged. “Something, anything.” He poured hot water into his cup.
“Look you guys,” Coita whispered. “Dragonflies. A bunch of them over there,” he pointed. Not getting there attention, he tossed a pebble at Earron. Getting him to notice, he waved for them to come quick, but at the same time he motioned with his finger over his mouth for them to be quiet.
The three of them quietly watched as the dragonflies appeared to be eating seaweed. Every so often one would dive down to the water and grab a bit of seaweed, then fly off somewhere into the darkness of the night. “Bekim and I saw them out here the other night,” Kyhawn told them.
“Quiet. We don’t want to scare them off,” Coita insisted.
As they began getting bored watching this, a headed tentacle swiftly emerged from underwater and with its mouth wide open, it bit hard on the dragonfly taking it under.
“Wild—did you all see that,” Earron’s eyes widened with surprise.
“We’re right beside you. Of course we seen it,” Coita nudged his good friends shoulder as if he was telling Earron, what do you think… we’re blind or something?
Moments later another dragonfly dipped its legs into the water for some seaweed, and once again a headed tentacle snapped at it, and took it under. But when a third attempt was made on yet a third dragonfly, the sea creature wasn’t so lucky. The dragonfly that was ascending its catch of seaweed must had seen the sea monster coming. Just as the headed tentacle sprang from beneath, the lucky dragonfly dropped its catch and flue away unharmed. Shortly afterward, the dragonflies departed and all became quiet as the time passed and Earron and Coita fell asleep under the wood shelter. So as to not fall asleep himself, Kyhawn picked up the looking glass. Under the moonlight, he held it up to his eye and viewed the ocean, but when he was unable to see anything but water, waves, a few dragonflies, and darkness, he put it away and went over to his bedding.
When he found himself fighting to stay awake, he gave Earron a nudge. “You ready to keep watch for a while?”
Earron opened his eyes and yawned. “Sure.” He stretched and got up.
Kyhawn lay back on his bedding, and they spoke for a while until Earron decided to venture to the hillside with his cup of tea and a lantern. As Earron thought about trade school, Kyhawn found himself thinking about the dagger-key. How did it escape … if no one’s opened that chest?
It seemed like only a few seconds had passed when Kyhawn found himself using his parchment pad as a pillow. He sat up and looked around. Earron and Coita were gone. He rose and stared into the flames. Zacs were screaming, crying. Omakohak was in flames. His eyes glowed with distress. Sweat ran down his face, or was it blood? He heard an eerie cry from behind him and turned, but nothing was there. He shook off the thought and ran to the beach.
“Earron, Coita—come on you guys! Where are you?” Suddenly he saw a ghostly image emerge from the ocean, changing colors with every move it made. In its hands it held a small wooden object. Kyhawn was paralyzed. He struggled to move, but it was no use. The ghostly image changed into a lantern floating above the water, then within the blink of an eye it changed back again.
“Do not be afraid,” the ghostly image said. “I’ve come to give you a gift.”
“What … who are you?” Kyhawn rubbed his eyes to make sure he wasn’t dreaming.
The figure placed a box on a lump of sand next to him. When Kyhawn reached for the box, it turned into something else. He wasn’t sure what it was at first as it was too bright to look at. The object glimmered in the moonlight. The moment felt like it lasted forever before it melted away, and the ghostly image of many colors vanished.
Kyhawn stared in puzzlement, twisting his body. He struggled to move his feet, and eventually broke free, falling on his rear end next to the lump of sand. A moment later the bright light blew out like a candle. “No one’s going to believe this,” he said as he reached for a beautiful colored stone. His hand almost touched it when a colorful gust of wind swept in and around him, a rainbow surrounding him in a protective light. The bonfire blew out like a candle without a shield.
Kyhawn felt a chill throughout his entire body. When he touched the colored stone, the chill was gone. The sandcastle instantly appeared as though it had never been touched by the tide. Seconds later the sky turned dark gray. Even stranger, the sandcastle appeared real, like none he had ever seen before. It was large with many rooms, towers, and staircases. For a moment he felt like he was in it somewhere, lost inside.
Seconds later he found himself sitting next to the sandcastle staring at the colored stone. He reached for it, and this time he managed to grasp it in his hand. While he held the stone, it turned into a small wooden box. Startled by the change, he let go and got to his feet. He took a deep breath, put his fears behind him, and picked up the box. The lid came loose and fell on top of the sandcastle, which crumbled. He peered into the box. “There’s nothing inside,” he said as he tilted the box to one side. As he did so, it transformed itself into sand and crumbled between his fingers. In a daze of disbelief, he threw his arms outward. Seconds later the ground beneath him disappeared. He found himself falling from a waterfall.
“This can’t be happening!” he shouted as he was consumed with fear. He glanced down to see hundreds of colored stones in a pool of water beneath him.
He landed gently in waist-deep water and quickly grabbed a handful of colored stones. Though they were small, he felt he was carrying the weight of the world.
A tentacle emerged from underwater and arched high above him. He moved in slow motion, struggling to reach a narrow ridge before him. The tentacle vanished. As soon as he reached the ridge, the scene changed to one of a beautiful day. All that he felt was good seemed to shine upon him. He stared at the stones, and they transformed into a small wooden box. The lid disappeared. “The dagger-key—here it is!” he shouted. The ghostly image of many colors stood before him again, but when he went to touch it, the image of many colors vanished.
“Kyhawn, Kyhawn, it’s me, Shellean,” she said. With all that has happened, I knew he’d be sleeping. She smiled slightly and glanced over at Earron who stood over the small campfire, cup of tea in hand. She gave him two bowls of fruit salad speckled with dried bugs from the caygeo fruit tree. She then looked down at Coita opening his eyes. As she crouched next to Kyhawn, she glanced at the horizon. Sunlight had started to pierce the night sky.
Though all seemed well as the morning mist started to thin, back at the old camp, tied to the tree between the two cabins, Luxton blinked his eye. “This is our chance to escape,” he said as he tapped Stubton’s arm.
“Let’s be off then,” Stubton whispered, waving a kitchen knife at his female friend. And as he helped to cut her free, down at the beach Shellean turned to Tobben, Zeal, and Alil who were coming up behind her.
Earron glanced around at everyone, then rushed down the hillside. Out of curiosity, Alil followed him.
Shellean tapped Kyhawn’s side. “What a wonderful night keeper you make,” she said as she tapped him again.
“What … Mom … just tell them to come on in.” Kyhawn sat up and rubbed his hair.
“Look handsome, I’m not your mother.” Shellean knelt beside him, thinking the young detective was going to fall back asleep, she tapped his side again.
“What…? Oh, it’s you, Shellean. I must have been dreaming.”
“I’d say you were,” Zeal chuckled.
“No, I didn’t mean that. I mean the dream I just had. It was about that dagger-key. Anyway,” he gazed at the fruit salad, “is that for me?”
She nodded, handing the salad to him. “I thought you might want a good meal to start off your day.”
Kyhawn took a bite.
“Kyhawn come quick!” Earron shouted.
The young detective laid the bowl aside, and jumped to his feet. “The dagger-key?” He ran to the beach where Earron was leaning over Kyhawn’s washed-out sandcastle. Alil stood beside him. She grinned at Kyhawn, then shook her head from side to side in disbelief.
“The dagger-key—it’s here!” Kyhawn knelt beside them. He took a deep breath and reached for it, hoping it wouldn’t disappear. He grasped it firmly. “Earron, here it is!” He waved the dagger-key for all to see. “Maybe I do believe in magic.”
Earron was speechless. He turned to Kyhawn. “I don’t understand how you figured it out?” His round face lit up. “It must be a magic key.”
When Coita held the dagger-key, his plans of owning their own fishing boat flashed before him. He too held it up for all to see.
Shellean thought, I’ve never seen them so excited, and all over some old key. She handed Kyhawn back his fruit salad. “I need to head back. I guess this means you’ll be going to that cave?”
Kyhawn, Earron and Coita stood together, and with great big smiles and a nod, Coita replied, holding the key out at her, “Of course we are.”
Alil opened her cloak revealing a pistol. “The Captain asked me to give this to you,” she said as she reached into her pocket for some powder and pellets.
“Take these swords along too,” Zeal said with a smile. “As Willow used to say, ko-la-ton e-moss-lon. It means may the luck of the gods be with you.”

*                  *                  *

Ko-la-ton e-moss-lon Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita chanted. As they neared the natural arches, Kyhawn gazed to their right at the Sealander’s number one mast slanting above the waves. The natural stone arch nearest the Sealander soon caught his attention as the three of them stood before its aging beauty. Kyhawn touched the smooth walls as they walked through the fifteen- foot-long arched tunnel. It was quite amazing how it had retained its beauty through the passage of time, he thought. As they neared the opposite end, the other rocky sand beach awaited them. Soon after their footprints melted into the rocky sand as water seeped in each step they left behind.
The three of them continued to chant as they took in the beauty of the arches that now stood in front of them. They were massive compared to the first arch. The beautiful solid rock structures tapered off high into the mountainside; disappearing into the foliage. As they veered to their left a ways onto drier soil, the chanting stopped. Kyhawn, holding the dagger-key, commanded their attention. “The stones on the dagger-key,” Kyhawn pointed out to them, “look similar to the stones in my dreams,” he said as he told them about his latest dream.
The ocean to their right, Kyhawn, Coita, and Earron left the beach behind and entered the thick of their tropical environment. They soon found a fresh trail. Not giving it much thought, they decided to follow it through, when suddenly a four-foot-long snake dropped from a tree and fell on top of Earron. Startled at first, he slung it aside as Kyhawn and Coita had a good laugh over his fright.
Soon after Kyhawn stopped and studied the dagger-key. “Look here, you guys. All three of these lock-endings are different.” They drew nearer to have a look. “By that I mean the notches are different on these two narrow wings. And look here, these notches on this blade are different from those on the wings.”
“Okay, so what?” Coita shrugged.
Earron glanced at Kyhawn. “Coita, I think he means it’s possible this key opens three different doors.”
“That’s exactly what I was getting at.” Kyhawn turned the dagger-key over in his hands a few times in thought, as he gave the dagger-key to Earron. “Three doors—is it possible?”
“You know what I think?” Coita started walking up the path again. “I think them there side pieces you guys are calling wings are only for decoration.” He glanced back over his shoulder at them. “You know, same as a wealthy Zac might have extra buttons on his cloak to impress his friends.” He looked at Kyhawn’s dark orange cloak. “The one you’re wearing has way more buttons than it needs.”
“It is fancy,” Kyhawn smiled.
“Could be,” Earron said with a nod, admiring the dagger-key. “But the more doors it opens, the more loot we’d have a chance to find.” He smiled as he tapped Kyhawn’s arm. “Come on,” he said impatiently as Coita and Kyhawn followed close behind.
When they came to where the trail ended, the cave stood on a high set ridge before them. Kyhawn admired it before climbing the natural broad flat stone steps, while Earron and Coita rushed up the flat stones to the wide cave entrance.
It also was beautiful, Kyhawn thought. The wide twelve-foot-high opening seemed to possess a sense of magic within itself. With the overhang protruding out like a front porch, the massive tree roots grew into the cracked flat stones. The twisted tree roots were like abstract pillars. Above it stood the mountain leading to the ruins. All sorts of beautiful plant life covered the landscape. There were even some flowers growing above them that must have been over a foot wide. Kyhawn marveled at the sight as his gaze slowly moved back to the entrance. He glanced around looking for white flowers, then not seeing any, he touched the massive twisted roots which he could barely reach his arms around.
Earron looked at Coita as a fellow king of the world. As they stood under the entranceway, Kyhawn turned to Earron. “The dagger-key, please,” he said with a smile.
“Here you are.” Earron returned his smile. “Master Kyhawn, sir,” he bowed.
“Whatever.” Coita shook his head and chuckled.
The large entrance that awaited them had a high domed ceiling that tapered down its rough interior walls. Coita lit a lantern and led the way. “What’s this stuff on the ground?”
“I don’t know, but it’s sticky,” Earron complained.
Seconds later, strange noises came from the ceiling. Coita shone the lantern over their heads. Suddenly they were overwhelmed by two-foot-long flying creatures with long transparent wings. The creatures flew out from the cave entrance into the open sky.
“What was that?” Earron’s eyes widened with fear as he lay low, his knees on the sticky ground.
“Those are dragonflies. I forgot Gerit mentioned them.” Kyhawn leaned against the cave wall. “They’re harmless.” He let out a slight laugh. “But they are a fright to look at.”
“I’d say.” Coita held the lantern out to Kyhawn. “I got that sticky stuff all over my knees. I bet you two glass jars it’s poop.” He sniffed around. “Thanks for warning us.”
Earron put his finger in it. “At least it doesn’t smell,” he said as he wiped the stuff off his finger. “Let’s hurry before they return.” He pointed Coita toward the back wall. “Come on— let’s find that keyhole.”
They began searching high and low for a strange hole. After being attacked twice by an angry dragonfly, they finally found one that was unusual. “The Keyhole—here it is,” Kyhawn expressed, “just as Gerit said it was.”
They stood together, their eagerness showing. Kyhawn inserted the dagger-key’s blade. Their hearts pounded with excitement and images of what might await them. Kyhawn turned the dagger-key to his left, but nothing happened. He then turned it to his right. “It’s not this one.” He removed it and quickly inserted one of the narrow wings. He turned it to his left. “It seems … no … it’s also too loose, just as I thought it’d be.” He turned it to his right, but unfortunately they didn’t hear any sounds of a door wanting to open.
Earron was beginning to have doubts. “Try the other one.”
“Yeah, try that one.” Coita frowned.
Kyhawn inserted the other narrow wing, but once again they were disappointed. “I don’t understand.” He felt defeated. “It’s a bit loose, but it does fit. And it even turns …?”
“Let me try.” Earron held out his hand. But his attempt also proved unsuccessful. He handed Coita the dagger-key. “You think you can unlock it?”
Coita shrugged. “If you guys couldn’t, I doubt I’m able to,” he said, turning the dagger-key over in his hands.
“Now what?” Earron crossed his arms.
“Look you guys, this big jewel pushes inward,” Coita explained. “It’s hard to push down on, but it does move.”
“Coita,” Kyhawn said with a smile, “see if you can move one of those wings.”
“Yeah, Coita.” Earron tapped on the key. “Try pushing up on one of the wings.”
Coita pushed in on the jewel with one hand, and to their surprise when he went to move a wing, it fell into place overlapping the blade.
“Amazing!” Kyhawn shouted as Coita handed Earron the dagger-key.
Earron clapped Coita’s shoulder in gratitude. “Here, you take it, Kyhawn. If it wasn’t for you and your sandcastle theory we wouldn’t be here.”
“Someone put it in,” Coita reminded them.
“I bet you two glass jars it works.” Kyhawn glanced at them with a smile and inserted the dagger-key. “Much better fit,” he said excitedly. He turned it to his left, and they heard a clicking sound. The door moved. A slight bit of dust stirred the air.
Kyhawn took the dagger-key from the keyhole. “Each one of these lock-endings must have a different role. Putting two of them together like we did yields only one way in which this key functions.”
“I understand all that,” Coita said airily as he headed for the newly revealed cave door with a candle in hand.
Earron, who didn’t like dark places, quickly grabbed the lantern. He stood just inside the door.
“What are you waiting for? Hold that lamp out in front of you.” Kyhawn nudged Earron along. “We’re behind you.”
“Come on, Earron.” Coita insisted. “Or give me the lamp and I’ll go first.”
Earron suppressed his fear. “There’s a small drop-off here, so be careful.” When he looked forward, he quickly backed away, bumping into Kyhawn.
Kyhawn held out his hands, catching Earron. “What’s wrong?”
“Yeah, what’s wrong?” Coita questioned.
“There’s someone … or something in there lying on the floor,” Earron said with a frightened look. “I … I’m not going in first.”
Kyhawn grabbed the lantern and stepped down into the cave chamber and went forward a ways. “It’s just a skeleton.”
“Let me see.” Coita nudged Kyhawn aside.
“This skeleton has probably been here for years.” Kyhawn moved the lantern from side to side, and then over to the skeleton again. “Appears some of his belongings are here as well.” They began to investigate the cave, which looked much like the cave entrance. “We should put something in the doorway.” He glanced at the skeleton lying on the rocky dirt floor, then went over to the door. With his hand on it, he said uneasily, “Earron, it’s good you stayed behind with your weight against this door. There isn’t any way to open it from the inside.”
It wasn’t long before they had a good-sized flat stone keeping the door from closing. “That should do it.” Kyhawn stepped down into the cave chamber. “Watch your step, Earron.”
“I know.” Earron stared at the skeleton. “I wonder how long he’s been here.”
“Most likely a long time.” Coita stared at what was left of the garments on it.
Kyhawn had an inspiration. “Look at the way his fingers are pointing. Could be he’s trying the leave a message…?”
“He’s pointing at that wall behind you,” Coita told him.
“Appears so.” Kyhawn wondered.
Coita seemed more interested in the small wooden box lying on its side next to the skeleton, concealed partly by the skeleton’s cloak. He tried not to think about the skeleton as he knelt by it with his candle in hand and reached for the box.
At the same time, Kyhawn carried a candle while Earron held the lantern as they went in the direction of the pointing finger in searched for another keyhole, or a lost treasure of some kind, only to find two small pools of liquid about one third of the way up the cave wall.
“Odds are … one’s in here, somewhere.” Kyhawn glanced at Earron. “Why else would there be so many lock-endings on one key?” Kyhawn combed the walls with his free hand.
“What if there isn’t one?” Earron asked as he went and sat beside Coita. “You’re touching him, Coita,” he said shakily.
“He might have something worth keeping on him.” Coita rummaged through the skeleton’s ragged pockets.
Earron shook his head, “Maybe.” He reached for the old box. “I wonder what’s in here.” He opened the lid, its leather hinges holding firm. He picked up a piece of parchment, but quickly discovered it was blank.
When he reached for the rest of the parchment, Kyhawn shouted, “I found another keyhole!” He gestured for them to hurry, “Grab the dagger-key from my cabac.”
Earron dropped the parchment and retrieved the dagger-key as they rushed to where Kyhawn was standing.
Earron handed it to him. “I didn’t think you’d find another one.”
“Yeah, neither did I.” Coita dropped a few coins and colored stones into his pocket.
Kyhawn took a close look at the three lock-endings. “I too was beginning to wonder if we would find another keyhole.”
“Try using two of them together, but this time use the wing we didn’t before,” Coita suggested.
Kyhawn pressed the large jewel inward, shifted the lock-ending in place, and inserted the key.
Coita held his candle, and unknowing to the other two a small colored stone. As he stepped forward, he tripped on a loose rock and dropped the stone.
“Coita, you okay?” Earron went to his aid.
Kyhawn laid his candle down and reached for the lantern. “Come on, Coita,” he said in a concerned tone.
“I’m okay. I dropped … where’s my candle?”
“Here it is.” Kyhawn reached for the candle while Earron helped Coita to his feet.
“Don’t wait for me. Turn the key,” Coita told them as he relit his candle, glancing around for his stone.
Kyhawn placed his hand on the dagger-key and slowly tried to turn it to his left. “This darn key …”
“Turn it the other way,” Earron told him.
“It’s not going that way either. This doesn’t make any sense. It should work.” He pulled the dagger-key out and held it next to the lantern.
“Put it back like we found it and try using only the blade,” Coita suggested. “Sure is a tricky key.”
“It’s hard to say how many doors it’ll open,” Earron reminded them.
Kyhawn pressed on the large jewel and pushed upward on the second narrow wing-shaped lock ending. The jewel popped and locked in place. “This should do it, all three of them. If we only used the blade, it’d be too loose.”
“Just put the key in,” Coita insisted, losing his patience.
Kyhawn inserted the dagger-key and repeated the process. This time he tried turning it to his right, then to his left. Unlike the first door, even after he turned it three-quarters of the way around, it didn’t want to unlock.
As they stood so quietly one could hear a raindrop hit the ground, they looked at each other and frowned. Kyhawn gave the dagger-key one last jerk. It moved another quarter turn.
The lock clicked. The door came free from its ancient cave walls and slowly opened.
Kyhawn bravely held his lantern in the doorway. From the new cavern came a wave of cold air. “Did you guys feel that?”
“Feel what?” Earron looked at Coita.
“Yeah, feel what?”
“Nothing. I guess it was nothing.” Another breeze brushed past them, but this breeze was tainted. Kyhawn took a step backward, stumbling into Coita. The lantern crashed to the ground along with Coita.
“Hey—you want to watch where you’re going!” Coita sounded both angry and fearful.
“The lantern!” Earron cried out.
Kyhawn quickly reached for it, but it was too late. The old lantern had seen one too many seasons on the high sea. And most likely had bee dropped one too many times.
“That’s great—“ Coita said scornfully, “you’ve busted our only lantern.”
“I’m terribly sorry, guys.” Kyhawn set the busted lantern aside. “But that smell—it caught me off guard.”
Earron relit Coita’s candle. The two stood a few feet from the doorway.
“Yeah, I smell it too.” Coita held his hand over his nose. “But that doesn’t mean you had to go knocking everyone over and breaking the lantern.”
“It was an accident, Coita,” Earron reminded him.
“I said I was sorry.” Kyhawn brushed his hair away from his eyes. “Anyway there’s nothing we can do about it now.”
“I don’t like it when it’s this dark.” Earron moved in closer. “I don’t even have a glass casing for my candleholder.”
“At least you can’t break the candles,” Coita sneered.
Kyhawn ignored his remark. “They give off plenty of light. Earron, could you hold this? I have an idea.”
Earron gave him an odd look but took the candle.
Kyhawn tied his scarf around the lower half of his face. “Now let’s find out what’s down there,” he said as Earron lit his candle and handed it to him.
“It smells like a dead animal.” The muscles on Coita’s face tightened. “You don’t have another scarf, do you?”
“In my cabac.”
Earron pulled his own lucky scarf up over the lower half of his face. Moments later Kyhawn held his candle out and stepped down inside the second cave chamber. “Doesn’t smell like dead animals.” Kyhawn’s voice shook.
Earron and Coita looked at each other. “It’s those one Zacs who found the key first,” Earron muttered as he and Coita leaned against the heavy door.
Kyhawn looked over his shoulder at them. “We need someone to wait out here. Coita…?”
“Sure, I’ll do it.”
“Earron, you ready?”
Earron glanced in Coita’s direction. “Make sure this door doesn’t close.You seen what happened to those others,” he exclaimed.
“I’ll be here,” Coita said as he placed his hand over his scarf.
Earron stepped down into the second cave chamber behind Kyhawn. With one hand on Kyhawn’s shoulder, Earron held his candle in his other hand as he looked at what lay before them. He sounded sick. “Is it them? Because if it is … it looks as though they died of … fright?”
Kyhawn nodded with uneasiness, and slowly replied. “Gerit, his two sons, and Arbra … yes. But they most likely died from lack of air.”
“What a way to die,” Earron said sorrowfully.
Kyhawn sadly agreed, then went to the doorway. “Let’s jam the door like before.” He held the fancy candleholder made of wood and brass with a glass casing protecting its flame. He glanced around for a large stone. “We should try and air out this cave.”
“Needs it,” Earron agreed.
“There’s a flat stone over there.” Coita pointed as he leaned against the stone door. When Kyhawn and Earron stepped up into the first chamber, Kyhawn reached for the keyhole. “Where’s the dagger-key?” Kyhawn looked at them.
“It’s in my cabac,” Coita told him. “It’s them, isn’t it?”
Earron nodded, “It’s them.”
“They look as though they’ve been dead about as long as they’ve been missing,” Kyhawn told Coita, then helped Earron shove a flat stone in place.
Kyhawn looked at Coita. “You can let go.”
Coita pushed on the door, but it didn’t budge. Unsuccessful in moving it, they decided to leave the space between the stubborn door and the large flat stone.
“Even if the door does decide to move, it won’t be able to go far.” Earron chuckled as he gave Kyhawn’s candle to him. “Okay, let’s let it air out.”
After leaving the cave Kyhawn stood underneath the overhang as he lowered his scarf and had a look around. Coita and Earron also lowered theirs. Kyhawn felt confident no one had followed them. Taking his lead stick and parchment pad in hand, he sat under the overhang and made a quick drawing of the dagger-key.
Coita stared at the ceiling with his arm stretched out above his head and candle in hand, “I thought bats were night creatures?” All of the sudden a few dragonflies flew toward him. He leaned to one side to avoid them, and out into the open sky they fled.
“They’re not bats,” Kyhawn reminded him. “They’re dragonflies.”
Earron ducked behind a twisted tree root to avoid two more that had fled into the open sky. Their large narrow eyes glanced at them when they passed, giving them a hissing sound as if trying to scare them away. “Yeah, and big dragonflies at that.”
“Whatever,” Coita said. “They all look the same to me.”
“Dragonflies feed on bugs twice a day.” Kyhawn turned toward the cave door. “Once at night, and once during the day.”
“Who cares?” Coita ran his hands over the top of his head as if a dragonfly had messed up his hair. “They’re weird. And awfully ugly.”
Kyhawn looked at Earron slightly smiling, because of what Coita had just said. He then dropped his lead stick and parchment pad into his cabac and handed Coita the dagger-key. “Take this—maybe it’ll help keep those dragonflies away from you. Seems they’re attracted to your greasy hair,” he said as he started for the cave door with a slight grin.
Earron asked, “Where are you going?”
“Yeah,” Coita echoed. “I doubt the cave’s aired out yet.” He said staring above them, looking out for dragonflies.
Kyhawn adjusted his scarf. “I’ll be fine.” He stepped over the flat stone, candle in one hand and his cabac over his shoulder. He began to get an eerie feeling as he neared the skeleton. The shadows moved with his candle’s flame. His thoughts were curiously drawn to the small wooden box. When he knelt beside it, a cool breeze passed over him and again he felt chilled.
Earron quietly entered. “Is it the one in your dreams?”
“Don’t ever sneak up on me like that!”
“We just walked in, sorry.” He shrugged as if he wasn’t sure why they had frightened Kyhawn. “At least it doesn’t smell in here as bad as it did before,” he said as he wiped his feet off on a small flat stone.
Earron glanced over his shoulder at Coita with a quick smile. “Kyhawn, isn’t that box like the one you described—you know—the one in your dreams?”
“It does give me a strange feeling. Did you guys feel that breeze?”
Coita shrugged as he too wiped his feet clean. “What breeze?”
“I didn’t feel any breeze,” Earron glanced at the skeleton then look down at Kyhawn. “You and your strange breezes .…”
Kyhawn shook off the thought. “Even though this box is much plainer than the one in my dreams, it’s possible it’s meant to be the same one. I don’t know why I didn’t pay any attention to it earlier. I guess I was just too busy.” He thought for a moment, then reached into the box. “This feels like good quality parchment.” He held it over his candle, looking at one side then the other.
“Kyhawn, did you see this pool of water on the wall?” Coita asked as he dipped his finger into it. “Doesn’t have a smell.”
Kyhawn set the parchment aside. “Yes, but it’s not water. It’s some sort of liquid that has seeped in from above. Don’t mess with it—it might be tainted.”
“We were just wondering if you knew what it was, but it sounds like you don’t.” Coita continued to stir the mysterious liquid, then flicked it at Earron.
Earron swung his hand to avoid being splashed and knocked Coita’s candle into the liquid.
A flame ignited. For a second Coita’s face had a touch of madness. He stumbled into Earron and they hit the rocky soil.
Although they were frightened, Kyhawn’s eyes lit with joy. “Wow … a natural lamp!”
They were amazed as the flames lit a good portion of the cave, casting a mysterious shadow over the skeleton.
“I thought we were goners for sure,” Coita said as they had a good laugh.
 “We’ve been carrying these candles all this time,” Kyhawn said. “While this cave already has its own source of light.” He turned his attention back toward the old box, which was partly hidden in the shadows. “Come here, you guys. Just before you discovered the lamp, I was looking at this parchment and admiring its quality.” He moved it about as he spoke. “It’s got a really fine texture. Go on—feel it. I noticed it hasn’t yellowed like lower quality parchment tends to do.”
Earron took hold of the parchment and began to move. Kyhawn placed his hand on Earron’s leg, “Where you going?”
“Over here where there’s more light.”
“Use the candle.”
“Okay.” After Earron looked at it for a moment, he waved the parchment in Kyhawn’s face. “It’s good parchment, but so what?”
“Yeah, what does this mean to us?” Coita crouched down between them.
Kyhawn’s dark brown eyes peered intently at them. “This Zac must have been an artist type to be carrying parchment of this quality.”
Coita nodded. “Hum … okay. Whatever.”
While Earron held his candle again next to the parchment, his eyes lit up with surprise. “The parchment—something is starting to appear.…”
Coita pointed, thinking about a new fishing boat.
Kyhawn leaned in close and they waited impatiently.
“There’s nothing there but smudges,” Coita said, as he glanced at the skeleton thinking about the stones he placed in his pocket. He wondered when or if he should tell them about his find. I’ll tell them later, he thought.
Kyhawn’s hand rested on Earron’s shoulder. “Just give it a chance.”
Seconds passed. The skeleton seemed invisible for the moment. As the candlelight cast elongated shadows behind them, a tingling sense of excitement rushed through their souls as something started to show.
“Wild—it’s a map!” Earron practically glowed. “We might get rich after all.”
“Kyhawn, how’d you know?” Coita asked.
“It’s an old trick.” Kyhawn answered as Earron handed him the map. “Zacs used it during wartime when they wanted to send secret messages to one another.”
“Ya Coita. An old trick?”
Kyhawn studied the map, “Just an old trick,” he said softly “And it worked quite well from what I have read.”
Earron looked at Coita. “It keeps the enemy from finding out your plans, right?”
“Exactly, but why did he use it on this? Unless of course he didn’t want anyone to uncover its secret,” he said as he continued to study it.
“Is that some sort of foreign language written there?” Coita pointed at some strange markings on the map.
Earron too stared at the strange markings.
Kyhawn nodded. “Yes, but I’ve never…” he paused for a moment. “Could be a Togmonian language of old. I’m not sure…?” He slowly turned his head from side to side. “Perhaps Washburrn can read it.”
“Yeah, he’s been everywhere,” Earron said. “I bet he knows what it means.”
“But that means we’ll have to show him the map,” Coita frowned.
“We have to show somebody,” Kyhawn insisted, flipping the map over curious there might me something on the backside. He quickly noticed there wasn’t. “We can trust Washburrn.”
“Yeah, we don’t have any choice Coita. We can trust him,” Earron repeated.
Coita shrugged, wishing he could read it, “Whatever. But we don’t’ tell anybody but him.”
As they agreed Washburrn was the only one to know about their secret, Earron reached into the box. “Hey—I wonder what’s on these other pieces of parchment.” He sat between them and turned each piece over, observing both sides. “No ink markings on these two.”
“Nothing we can see, anyway.” Kyhawn grinned.
“Yeah, nothing we can see,” Coita agreed.
“We should put a candle under these two,” Earron suggested. Feeling a cramp, he stood on his knees for a moment, and rubbed one of his legs.
Coita picked up another piece of parchment from the small wooden box, which was blank on one side, but when he turned it over his eyes widened with excitement. “Another map!” He held it out for them to see. “There’s no writing on it, but you can see the map.”
“You don’t have to shout in my ears.” Earron grabbed the map and gave him a shove. “This one looks different from the other—and it’s in regular black ink.”
Kyhawn viewed the maps, remembering what he had learned about them in trade school. He set his candle in front of them. “This second map sort of looks like one of this island.”
With the two maps in hand, Kyhawn gave the one in regular ink a serious overview. “Look here—perhaps these shapes are the ruins.” He moved his fingers as he spoke. “This here must be the beach where the ship went down, out here next to these sharp-looking rock shapes.”
“Could it be this skeleton Zac was a mapmaker?” Feeling he was being left out of the conversation, Coita again went over and crouched between them.
As Kyhawn held the maps next to one another again, Earron picked up two blank pieces of parchment and handed them to Kyhawn. “See if these have maps on them.”
“I doubt it’s another map,” Kyhawn said as he took hold of the parchment.
“Then I bet there’s a message on them.”
While Kyhawn held a candle up to the one piece of parchment, Earron held the other over his candle. A minute passed, but nothing happened. Another minute went by with still nothing. After about five minutes of waiting to see if anything would emerge, they decided the two blank pieces of parchment were as they appeared.
Kyhawn drew their attention back to the invisible ink map. “Look here—there’s an X, and it’s marked directly over this waterfall on the far side of this island. An X usually means treasure of some sort. And here, if you’d notice, he has marked an X here as well.”
“That’s where we are,” Coita said excitedly.
“Yeah,” Earron agreed as their thoughts lit up with wonder.
As Kyhawn studied the maps, Earron reached into the old box. “Look at these old navigator instruments. I think he was a sailor.” His eyes suddenly lit up. “Colored stones,” he murmured as he grabbed a few of them.
Coita rubbed the lump in his pocket and looked at the small stones in Earron’s hands.
Kyhawn smiled. “I bet you two glass jars this invisible ink map will take us to some more of these stones.”
“I wonder what these stones might be worth.” Earron held his candle close. “I can see us now, walking down the main part of town, showing off our new garments. And maybe even a real castle of our own.”
“Yeah, we can rebuild one of those castles from the old city behind Omakohak, and buy some Ooweds to clean it,” Coita chuckled.
Laughter filled the air, but then it became silent as their gaze became directed toward the second chamber door. “What do you say we investigate the other side of that wall?” Kyhawn suggested.
“I’m ready.” Earron got to his feet and dropped the stones into the box. “Besides the cave has had plenty time to air out.”
Kyhawn dropped a colored stone into the box, closed the lid, and got to his feet.
Coita picked up his cabac. “What do you think—should we take everything in with us?”
Kyhawn set the box next to his cabac. “They’ll be fine out here,” he said as he neared the second chamber, followed by Earron, and then Coita. They stepped down into it with their stomachs churning, their scarf-covered faces making them look like bandits.
“It doesn’t smell as bad as it did before.” Earron looked again at the bodies.
Coita lowered his scarf. “But I can still smell them.”
“If my guess is correct, this part of the cave has natural lamps as well.” Kyhawn searched the walls alongside Earron.
Coita found himself compelled to have a closer view of the bodies. He tightened his scarf as he stood in front of them and stared at the deep eerie lights and shadows created by his candle’s flame. He thought about what could have happened to them.
As Kyhawn and Earron came up, at first Coita didn’t say a word but just kept looking. Then in an almost haunting whisper, he said, “I see what you mean. It does look as though they died of fright.”
Kyhawn turned to his side. “There’s a wall lamp here beside us. There’s liquid in it as well.” He struck a flint stick, held it arm’s length, and dropped it. The liquid burst into flames. The four bodies even looked more frightening.
“Just what are we looking for?” Coita stared at them as though he wished to think about something else.
“For anything that might have any value.” Kyhawn continued to search the cave.
“I found another lamp.” Earron gestured toward the far end of the cave chamber. He struck a flint stick and dropped it into the liquid. As the flame ignited, a large relief carving appeared before them on the cave wall. Right then Kyhawn discovered a third wall lamp. He glanced at Earron, then at the carving on the cave wall out in front between them. “Look at that carving you guys. It must be over thirty-foot-long.” Kyhawn’s eyes filled with wonder as he stood before the large relief carving.
“This is weird … I wonder who made it.” Coita blew out his candle, wet the wick and put it in his pocked.
“It’s ancient.” Kyhawn studied it from left to right. “The flames from the wall lamps perfectly light it.” He pondered what this might mean. “It’s most definitely ancient.”
“It does look old,” Earron agreed as they stood amazed.
“What makes you all think it’s so old?” Coita asked.
“Come over here and look at this part where water has washed away some of the image.” Kyhawn ran his fingers over an eroded portion. “It takes a huge period of time for water to do this type of damage.” Baffled at what the carving meant, he felt he must understand the reason for its existence. “It seems to be telling a story. A long time ago, before Zacs had a written language, they expressed themselves using relief carvings such as this one.”
“Let’s see if we can figure out what’s going on.” Earron pointed to the first panel. Coita stood next to him; his hands pressed to his side.
It wasn’t long before Kyhawn got tired of Earron and Coita bickering over what they thought each of the carvings meant. At this point he decided to bring out his parchment pad and lead stick.
“Kyhawn, what do you think this scene means?” Coita asked.
“I’m not sure … but it looks like a picture of those sea creatures trying to sink a large boat, or perhaps a small ship?” Kyhawn felt a sense of eeriness as he quickly sketched the first few panels. “Anyway, it’s hard to tell with the center portion missing from the water damage.”
Two panels later Kyhawn looked at them, “When you guys get through debating, maybe you might want to have a look for another keyhole.”
“Yeah, this picture is too old to figure out.” Coita waved his hand as if he had become bored with it.
“Kyhawn’s drawing the panels so we can look at them later,” Earron noted as they went in search of a third keyhole.
Moments later Earron and Coita called for Kyhawn to come quickly. He dropped what he was doing and hurried to where they were calling from in a dark, long, and narrow passageway from which a slight breeze was coming.
“Colored stones—everywhere colored stones!” Earron said, his and Coita’s expressions clearly showing their belief they were now wealthy.
“Your dreams are coming true!” Coita pulled another stone from the soft clay-like textured walls.
Colored stones clustered the passageway walls and ceiling. The three darted back into the first chamber to fetch their cabacs. When Earron emptied his, he realized he had forgotten about the bracelet Emaya had given him for Kyhawn. “Here, this is for you. Emaya asked me to give it to you, but with everything going on, I forgot. She said you’d need it some day.” He quickly handed it to Kyhawn and hurried into the second chamber with his empty cabac along with Coita. Kyhawn had almost slipped the bracelet in his pocket, but a voice from deep within his soul told him to put it on. He quickly fastened it around his wrist and hurried back into the second chamber with Earron and Coita.
Once there, they were stuffing their cabacs with as many colored stones as possible, when a cry echoed passed them along with another chilling breeze. “You guys heard that, didn’t you?” Alarmed, Kyhawn stood erect.
Coita nodded, but continued to put stones into his pockets as fast as his hands allowed him to scoop them off the ground, or pluck them from the walls.
Earron was startled when a small colored stone or two fell from above. Seconds later colored stones were falling from the ceiling all around them. It was exciting at first. They were too small to hurt them so they held out their hands to catch the riches dropping from above.
All at once, it stopped raining the colored stones.
Their joyful expressions quickly changed to fear. A hunting sound came from deep within the passageway.  As the sound grew louder, Kyhawn drew his sword. “Look,” he muttered as he jabbed at a cloud of mist coming toward them. Earron and Coita both gazed in the direction of the blade of his sword.
Two ghostly figures emerged from the walls and raised their weapons, a look of death in their eyes. Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita huddled close, their cabacs in hand.
The chamber door slammed against the flat stone. For a second they thought they had been trapped inside. They gripped their cabacs and ran for the door. When Kyhawn glanced over his shoulder, the figures were gone. So he quickly went back for his lead stick and parchment pad. He grabbed he pad leaving the lead stick behind, but when he turned the figures stood between him and the door. Kyhawn froze. Earron jumped down into the chamber and drew his sword as Coita stared from the doorway, protecting their stones.
“Kyhawn, maybe we should give them the stones.” Earron slowly walked around them toward Kyhawn gripping his lucky scarf.
Kyhawn held out his cabac at them trembling.
As the ghostly images peered at them, they became as real as the colored stones. Yellow skin pirates, Kyhawn thought as he dropped his cabac at their feet and drew his sword. As Earron moved in next to Kyhawn, four more frightening figures appeared, surrounding them with swords.
Kyhawn and Earron pointed their own swords at them. Seconds later Earron and he began sword fighting two of them as two others of the ghostly yellow pirates turned and started to walk slowly toward Coita. He trembled at the doorway not sure what to do. He glanced over his shoulder at his exit, then down at the cabacs stuffed with colored stones, finely he looked at his two friends, then stared at the pirates with his sword trembling in his hand.
Earron swung his sword, clipping the pirates sword. Back and fourth they traded dreadful looks as their sword continued to clash; the one trying desperately to defeat the other.
Earron fell, dropping his sword. A sword was at his throat. The yellow pirate’s voice echoed in the chamber with laughter. Earron rolled to one side grabbing his sword. At the same time his appoint drove his sword down at Earron. Earron rolled to one side again missing the piercing point of its blade by inches. Earron jumped to his feet stumbling back a few feet, when yet another pirate from behind him shoved him forward.
Earron glanced over his shoulder at the door. But he didn’t see Coita, only three pirates standing near the door. It was as if they weren’t able to leave the cave chamber. Earron held his sword steady, pointing it at the pirate that stood before him. He glanced at Kyhawn.
Kyhawn was fighting off two of them now. With his dagger he had taken from his sheath legging in one hand, and his sword in the other, he continued to block his appoints forward thrust of their blades. It’s as if they were taking turns with him, while the other pirates stood nearby and watched.
Suddenly Kyhawn’s bracelet became exposed, sparkling briefly. With that a strange gust of wind came in and surrounded the ghostly yellow pirates. Blood began to drip from their eyes. Their garments and flesh began to rot. And as Kyhawn and Earron continued to battle them, their opponents weapons quickly rusted away into dust.
The pirates cried an eerie cry as they looked at each other vengefully when suddenly their eyes dried up and disappeared into their eye sockets. Another gust of wind pulled at them. A moment later all that remained of them were their skeletons. As they tried clawing at Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita, who stood at the doorway, more eerie cries echoed in the space between them. Then the frightening figures were sucked back into the passageway from which they had come.
Kyhawn had dropped to his knees, but Earron got to his feet and shook his good friend’s arm. “Let’s get out of here.” They quickly grabbed their things and ran for the door. When they removed the flat stone, the door closed on its own. Kyhawn reached for the old box and they rushed for the outer door. They quickly shoved the flat stone aside. Another gust of wind swept through the chamber carrying whispery echoes of words they didn’t understand. The door closed. Although Kyhawn slipped on the sticky ground, Earron and Coita were quick to help him up, and they quickly descended the flat stones and started for the waterfall lake.
They didn’t say much on that unusually warm sunny day as they walked the narrow path, stopping only for a drink of water from a small creek. “I don’t think we’ll be going there again,” Coita said as he filled up his leather water pouch.
“Yeah,” Earron muttered. “Once is enough for anyone to visit that cave.”
“But you have to admit—it was exciting.” Kyhawn held up the old box, his cabac weighing heavy on his shoulders. “We’re rich—we’re truly rich,” he chanted, followed by Earron and Coita. They danced a song of joy along the path, chanting “We’re rich—we’re truly rich!” alternating with “Ko-la-ton e-moss-lon .…”
When they reached the waterfall lake, they rid themselves of their dirty garments, washed them in the lake, and hung them on some nearby branches to dry. While Earron and Coita jump in the lake for a swim, Kyhawn stood facing the waterfall on the far side of the lake. He then stared at the lake and thought about the ocean and the ghost of many colors. “Thank you … dagger-key,” he said as he jumped in along with Earron and Coita.
After they had bathed and swam for a while, they picked a bunch of zuetia leaves while giving their garments a chance to dry. They then walked around the lake and hid their cabacs behind the waterfall. And as they stood behind it and gazed at the water rushing down into the lake before them, they felt as though they had awakened from a dream. But when Coita reached for the dagger-key he had place in a large pocket inside his coat, there was only sand.
Kyhawn looked at them with a slight smile. “A key that comes mysteriously in the night and vanishes at any given time it pleases....” He shook his head, dumbfounded by the thought. “At least we know where to find it if we ever need it again.” He chuckled as he went to the edge of the cave opening so not to get wet from the waterfall and departed. Earron and Coita soon followed.
After absorbing the warmth of the sun for a while longer their garments had finely dried. By this time they were getting cold and more then ready to get dressed and start back to camp. “We can reclaim our cabacs later,” Kyhawn said.
“Yeah, after all of them thieves have been captured,” Coita said as they walked shoulder to shoulder with Earron in the middle.
When the mountain was to their right and the camp was still in front of them, they heard noises in the trees off to their left. “That’s Shellean,” Kyhawn reported as they hurried into the thick of the trees.
The voice once again called out, “I found some more over here.”
“That’s most definitely her voice.” Kyhawn sounded relieved.
While Kyhawn went up to Shellean, Earron and Coita joined the others who were also picking fruit.
Shellean was up high in a tree when Kyhawn approached. “Have you been here long?” Kyhawn asked her.
“Not long—as you can see, I’ve only picked one piece of fruit so far. It’s on the ground there next to you. What’s in that box you’re carrying?”
“This box?”
“Why yes … the one in your hands.”
“Nothing, just an old box we found,” hesitating on what to do with it, or where to lay it, so he might be able to give her a hand. “We found it in the cave.”
“Okay. Do you think you could manage to lay it down and give me a hand?” She started counting to herself, “Eight more of these up here.”
Kyhawn looked up at the caygeo fruit, which was over twenty-five feet in the air. Too high for me, he thought.
Shellean looked down at him. “Is there anything wrong?”
Kyhawn hesitated.
She asked him once again, “Are you going to help, or just stand there and hold that old box, or what?”
Kyhawn set the box aside. “I can catch them as they fall.” He held his hands out.
“You’re not afraid of heights, are you? Here comes one!” she shouted as Kyhawn stood ready.
“Nice catch, but you didn’t answer my question. Are you afraid of heights? Here comes another one.”
Kyhawn caught the large oval fruit. “Let me put it this way—I don’t care to climb anything unless it’s absolutely necessary.”
Shellean chuckled. “Okay, here’s another one,” she said, thinking Sounds to me he’s afraid. He’s too proud to tell me. I’ll pretend I didn’t notice.
As Shellean tossed him the last of them, she started to climb down plucking some dried bugs from the trunk of the tree, and stuffing them into her pocket. “Washburrn made it back earlier. They also brought Luxton with them. He and the other two tried to escape. It happened when all of us were at the beach.”
“Tried to escape … how? Did they get far?”
“I don’t know how. But earlier today when Washburrn and the others returned, they had Luxton with them. They didn’t say much, only that the other two were dead.”
Kyhawn looked worried. “All of this happened while we were on the beach this morning?”
“Not all …”
“What about Washburrn?”
“If you mean did anyone get hurt, you’ll be pleased to know Washburrn didn’t.” She sighed. “However that professor, Romeous, and Dylc are dead.”
“Dylc and Professor Romeous … dead.” Kyhawn lowered his head with a sigh. “What about Werdna and Bekim and the others?”
“Bekim’s okay,” she said as she landed next to him and brushed off her garments. “Werdna was hurt, but not badly.”
“Tell me everything. I mean what all happened while they were up there? Did they run into Mekon and his gang as well?”
“I wasn’t told, and I didn’t ask.” She brushed off her hands and straightened out her uniform. “Malnur is missing too. I’m sure Washburrn will tell you the particulars later.”
Earron, Coita, and the others approached with their arms full of caygeo fruit. On their way to camp they traded stories. Kyhawn, Earron and Coita were quick to tell them about Gerit, his two sons, and Arbra, but none of them mentioned maps or colored stones.

CHAPTER 10:

Sweet seaweed snake soup and sadness awaited their return, for only hours earlier Dylc and Romeous had been buried. Captain Joenf shouted from across camp, “Shellean, have you seen Dellyna?”
“No sir. Try the medic cabin,” she answered, setting aside some caygeo fruit.
Captain Joenf, deeply saddened by Dylc’s death, continued to shout, “She’s not there or anywhere else in camp!”
Washburrn approached him. “We found Dellyna. She’s been at the rocky sand beach, the one down from the clearing. She’s with her husband. She’s not feeling too well either.”
Shellean dropped what she was doing and motioned to the captain. “I’m on my way to the medic cabin.”
“Thanks, Shellean,” Captain Joenf told her, doing his best to control his anger. “Another crew-Zac is dying of that flu.” He made a sudden turn and ran into Washburrn. “Sorry.”
“Quite all right,” Washburrn said understandingly. He took the captain aside for a private talk. “Have you seen Malnur?”
The captain turned his head from side to side. “No. And I don’t know what to think about all of this.” His voice stiffened. “I don’t know what to think about everything that has happened.” He took a deep breath in hope to relax his nerves. “Malnur likes to bathe at the waterfall lake. He could be there. Why do you ask?”
“No reason in particular. I’ll speak with him later.”
The captain nodded with a defeated look about him as he leaned against the sleeping cabin wall facing the fire-pits. “We’re not even sure if it’ll rain when the other two cruise ships pass these waters. That’s if they make sail at all, considering the way this weather’s been.”
Washburrn nodded as he joined the captain against the wall.
The captain peered at Luxton, who was still tied to the large tree between the sleeping and kitchen cabins. He turned to Washburrn. “Gelhona. I’d like to know what happened to her, and Jayden too. Dylc sure was fond of him. And those Zacs who died in that cave .…”
Washburrn nodded with a sigh. “It is a sad mystery about those Zacs in that cave. But as for Gelhona,” he lowered his head, “I miss her too. In fact … I miss her very much.” He looked at the captain. “You’re not using your cane,” he said as if he needed to change the subject.
“I thought I’d try walking without it today. It’s a good thing too, or I’d use it to pound that Luxton’s head in. Why didn’t you put him out of … my misery when you had a chance?”
“Well, Joenf, the thought did cross my mind, but I thought you might want to have a say.”
“What are we suppose to do with him?” Captain Joenf asked.
All of a sudden a small tremor shook the ground beneath them. Everyone stopped whatever it was they were doing, and looked at each other as if waiting for something terrible to happen. However nothing ever came of it, and about ten minutes later the ground came to a rest, and everyone eventually continued doing whatever it was they had been doing before the tremor started.
The captain and Washburrn looked at each other. “So … what was it I was saying?” Captain Joenf glanced at Luxton. “What are we going to do with Luxton now?”
Washburrn scratched his whiskers. “Those tremors sure get a Zacs blood stirring.”
“Yes, yes they do.”
Washburrn glanced at Luxton, and began to tell the captain who the captive really was. When he had finished telling the story, the captain leaned on his good leg. “So let it be then,” he said angrily. “We let the courts deal with him. But if he tries to escape, shoot him.” His smile held a hint of satisfaction.
Washburrn nodded as he reached into his pocket. “He’s one slippery Zac,” he said as he handed Captain Joenf a small pouch. “I think you should be the one to carry this magic crystal. In case we need it on our escape from this island.”
The captain looked him straight in the eyes. “So refresh my memory,” he slightly opened his cloak and slipped the pouch into his vest pocket. “What does this one do?”
After Washburrn explained the particulars, the captain looked at him oddly. “Sounds like one of Kyhawn’s dreams, these strange creatures.” He ran his fingers through his beard as if pulling some foreign object from his whiskers. He looked at Washburrn curiously. “So you say this crystal summons up Sydallons from the forbidden island of Cambella? Don’t they come in all forms, shapes, and sizes?”
Washburrn nodded. “Yes, it all depends on the bugs a crystal such as the one I gave you lands next to, or touches. I do believe that to be the case.”
The captain pondered the thought. “This Emaya, she must be one powerful wizard,” he said with a pause. Then he abruptly started for the medic cabin with a somewhat stiff leg as Washburrn followed. “I need to write all of this in my diary. I’m so far behind, it’s unthinkable.” He shook his head. “We captains do that, you know. It’s the law of the high seas, keeping a record of everything that happens.”
“Yes, yes, I know the laws. But as for Emaya, wizard or not, if those Grongels ever get hold of that chest, she’ll be a powerful ally against them.”
The captain slightly bowed to Washburrn. “I’ll speak with you tomorrow.” As he drew the blanket aside and entered the medic cabin where he had set up private quarters in the back room, Washburrn turned to join those sitting round the fire-pits.

*                  *                  *

The following day went by with many of them keeping busy mending roofs and gathering firewood and food. But that night when Washburrn and the captain entered the medic cabin, they found Shellean, Alil, and a few others standing at the bedside of a dying crew-Zac.
Moments later Alil placed a blanket over his head. “I’m afraid he’s gone, sir,” she said with a sigh before they all left the cabin.
“Two deaths yesterday … and now one today,” the captain grumbled as he went outside to find Kyhawn standing just outside the door.
Kyhawn glanced at Washburrn, with whom he had been talking earlier, and then at the captain. “We’ve been so busy, Earron, Coita and I, that I haven’t had a chance to tell you, sir.” He lowered his head. “I was sorry to hear about Dylc.”
The captain took a seat on a tree stump, then almost broke his promise he made to his wife by not smoking anymore. He packed his pipe; put it to his lips, and with haste he tossed it as far into the trees as he could possibly throw. “I don’t need that crap … bad for my health.” He took a deep breath and spoke sadly “Dylc… he was a respectful crew-Zac, a good sailor, and a dear friend. He didn’t deserve this.”
Washburrn did his best to hold back his own tears as he comforted his old friend. He knelt beside the captain. “I’m going to miss him too, but at least he didn’t die in vain. If it hadn’t been for him, more of us might have been taken down by those thieving pirates.”
Silence fell among them.
Kyhawn stared at the ground with his arms to his side, then looked at them with concern. “What about those Grongels?”
Washburrn scratched his whiskers. “There’s nothing we can do but wait. In the meantime, we should do our best to maintain our readiness for them.”
The captain slowly rose, turned his head away from them, and wiped a tear from his eye. “Don’t go away Washburrn. I’ll be back in a few minutes,” Captain Joenf said as he entered the medic cabin.
Kyhawn and Washburrn sat side by side just outside the cabin alone. Kyhawn looked at Washburrn. “You told me what happened on your way up the mountain, and that Dylc and you guys found evidence the following day that indicated Zacs were up there, somewhere hiding.” Kyhawn crossed his legs and looked into Washburrn’s eyes with curiousness. “But you never told me what happened after that, I mean with those pirates …?”
Washburrn glanced at the blanket draping the medic cabin doorway, then looked at Kyhawn. “After we searched the ruins awhile, and found lots of fresh footprints, Dylc’s leg started to bother him again. To make a long story short, we decided to head back down the mountain, on the main trail. About half way down we were surprised by Luxton and his mates. Before we knew it, Romeous had been stabbed in the back. I was shot at. The pellet went clean through my cloak,” he said showing Kyhawn the hole. “Dylc got one of them with his pistol. Then before Werdna was able to disarm the female, she shot and killed Dylc.” He looked at the ground with a sigh. “She threw her pistol at me, and before she had a chance to draw her dagger, I threw my dagger at her. Well, she was facing me. The dagger did her in pretty quick. By then Treb and Werdna had Luxton in ropes.”
Kyhawn placed both feet on the ground and stared out in front of them with his elbows in his lap and his hands pressed to his chin. He nodded staring at the ground.
The captain pulled the blanked aside and rejoined them. He slapped Kyhawn’s knee as if he was in a better mood; at least he seemed to be. “So … I heard you young Zacs had quite the adventure yesterday.”
Kyhawn glanced at Washburrn with a nod as if he knew not to continue what they had been talking about, in respect for the captain. Kyhawn quickly responded. “Then you know we found the bodies of those four missing Zacs.”
Alil and Zeal came from around the corner and joined them.
The captain slowly nodded. “I know about the bodies.”
All eyes were on Kyhawn as he went on to tell Captain Joenf about their adventure, which the others had already heard. However, Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita still hadn’t said a word to anyone about their finding the colored stones and the two maps. Instead Kyhawn told him about the skeleton, and showed him the sketches he’d drawn and told him what he thought they meant. But the captain, along with the others who had already seen the drawings, couldn’t believe someone from the past could have predicted their shipwreck. For the most part, they didn’t take the story too seriously. Kyhawn not having had the opportunity to draw every panel and their disagreeing over what each panel represented didn’t help either. Kyhawn kept his thoughts about the dagger-key to himself. Like a lantern of hope, he’d begun to feel the dagger-key was a gift to him, or at least a key for his understanding of his dreams.
After Kyhawn had finished telling them the chilling story, the captain concluded that the bodies should remain in the cave. Mainly because of the ghostly yellow pirates, and how they would only endanger the lives of anyone retrieving the bodies.
“Alil.” The captain looked to her as the pillar of hope that held them all together. “What about bonfire duties—are the shifts organized?” Kyhawn helped him to his feet.
“Yes, sir,” Alil assured him. She was unhappy the bodies were to remain in the cave, but deep down she knew it’d be foolish to venture there again.
“Another bowl of that soup should do me good,” the captain mumbled. “Sweet seaweed’s good for the bones.”
Kyhawn leaned close to Washburrn with a look of excitement in his eyes and whispered. “When you’re finished here, I want to show you something else we found. Earron, Coita, and I have it hidden in one of those hollow trees behind your sleeping space.”
“Well, okay,” Washburrn said with a curious smile. “I’ll be there after I talk with Alil.”
Kyhawn rushed over to Washburrn’s sleeping space, got the lantern and lit it, then went behind the cabin to retrieve the old wooden box. “It’s starting to get foggy,” he said to himself as he went to one of the three hollow trees, reached inside, and grabbed hold of the old box. I kind of like this old box, he thought. With a curious feeling in his heart, he set the box down, opened it, reached inside, and picked up a few colored stones. He rolled them around in his hand, examining them, thinking out loud, “Some of these colored stones are smooth, and some of them are rough like the ones in our cabacs.” Whit a delightful look of contentment he dropped them back into the old box, in hope Washburrn might be able to help them sale the stones in Chamquinil on their return home.
Suddenly he felt an uncanny chill; then he felt a shield of protection rising, like the one in his dreams, shielding him from evil. He could hear Emaya’s voice inside his head, but he couldn’t understand her. He didn’t quite understand the shield’s purpose either, but it felt good he thought as he shut the lid and held the box close. But as he started back with it to Washburrn’s sleeping space, he began having doubts about getting off the island alive. He could no longer hear Emaya’s voice or feel the protective shield any longer. In fact, it was as if sadness and anger were trying to invade his thoughts, keeping the flow of good energy from protecting him.
A split second later, Kyhawn felt a hand pressed over his mouth and a dagger against his lower back. This was no dream… it was real.
“Don’t make a sound,” whispered a voice from behind him.
Startled, Kyhawn let the box loose, and it went crashing to the ground.

*                  *                  *

Kyhawn stood tied and gagged while Jayden continued to press the dagger against his back. Yamm crouched and swiftly gathered the contents of the box. As he did so, Malnur slipped a note under Washburrn’s pillow. Seconds later they were on their way to the temple ruins.
“Aren’t we supposed to be taking Alil captive?” Yamm sounded somewhat confused. “I don’t think Emit’s going to like us changing his plans.”
“He’s always changing his plans.” Jayden shoved Kyhawn forward. “This one was much easier to capture.” He chuckled inwardly as they started to climb the steep rocky mountainside.
When they had reached a large narrow flat stone where only small bushes grew, they stopped to study the map of the island. Admiring the stones, they were certain the map was sure to lead them to a wealth of colored stones. They untied Kyhawn and demanded he show them where the rest of the loot was hidden. To satisfy their lust, he pointed to the cave.
Malnur held a lantern and the map close. “Is this where you Zacs buried our artifacts?” He tapped on the map. “We know the chest has been opened because of that dagger-key.”
“Yeah,” Yamm jumped in. “We think you’ve buried our jewels far away from that chest to try and trick us.” He gave Kyhawn another shove. “Where are they—did you hide them in this cave?”
Jayden kept one hand firmly on Kyhawn’s arm. “Can’t you two see, his mouth is too full to answer you,” he chuckled, as he jerked Kyhawn’s gag away from his mouth.
“No one has opened that chest,” Kyhawn said angrily. “The dagger-key is magic. And it’s much more powerful than any of you ever dreamed of being.” As their conversation dragged on, they felt they were getting nowhere with Kyhawn any more than he had already told them. “Emit will get the truth out of him,” Jayden retied and the young detective’s hands while Yamm stuffed his mouth with the scarf, and they pressed on.
In the meantime Washburrn had gone to his sleeping space to find his lantern missing. Where did Kyhawn run off to? He decided to go look for him in the kitchen cabin, but he wasn’t there. Next he went back to the medic cabin. When he didn’t find him there, he started for his sleeping space again. On his way he stopped at the fire-pits. “Earron, have you seen Kyhawn,” he took out his timepiece, “in the last thirty minutes?”
“No sir, we haven’t.”
“I haven’t either.” Bekim was sitting among them. The others all shook their head as well.
“Why? Is something wrong?” Earron had noted the concerned tone in Washburrn’s voice.
“Hopefully not, but he was supposed to meet with me at my sleeping space. Could you three young Zacs give me a hand in finding him?”
“Sure.” Earron gestured at Coita and Bekim to follow him and Washburrn.
“Over there—perhaps he’s over there.” Washburrn pointed. “Bekim, do you think you and your dad could ask around for him? Search the outskirts of camp if needed.”
As Bekim and Treb gathered some others to help, Washburrn, Earron, and Coita went to Washburrn’s sleeping space. “I didn’t want Bekim or anyone else to know where Kyhawn hid that box,” Washburrn said. “He was going to show me something inside, something about a secret. He mentioned something about a hollow tree. You three hid it?”
“We know where the box is hidden.” The look Coita gave Earron indicated he was somewhat puzzled about Washburrn’s intentions.
“Washburrn, did he tell you about our cabacs and the coded map?” Earron asked.
“No,” Washburrn said. “But for now let’s focus on finding Kyhawn.” He paused. “My lamp’s missing, but these candles will do.”
While Earron and Coita searched all three hollow trees, Washburrn discovered footprints and began to suspect foul play. “Stay where you are!” Washburrn crouched, slipping on his glasses to have a closer view for clues. “Appears there’s been a scuffle here.”
“The box is gone.” Earron crossed his arms as Coita stood with his hands on his hips.
“Stay put,” Washburrn told them. “It appears as though two … or three Zacs have recently gone this way. I can’t tell how many exactly—could have been four. Wait—what’s this?” He held up a beautiful green stone.
“That’s one of our stones.” Coita looked alarmed.
“Yeah—what’s it doing lying on the ground?” Earron questioned. “It must be those Grongels.” He was stunned by his own words.
Washburrn nodded slowly. “I’m afraid it looks that way, but we shouldn’t jump to any conclusions.”
“Jump to conclusions!” Earron stood up straighter. “What do you mean? He’s not in camp. Our box is missing. And you found one of our stones.” He crossed his arms in anger. “Where else could he be? You said he was supposed to meet you here.”
“Hold on there—first we get some better lights and some help.” A terrible feeling began to haunt Washburrn.
Bekim came around the corner with Treb and others following behind. “We couldn’t find him, sir. What are we doing now?” Treb asked.
“Keeping searching,” Washburrn insisted as he continued to study the footprints.
After searching for Kyhawn all throughout camp and to the beach and back, they’d begun to lose faith in finding him.
Soon after a small group had gathered around Washburrn’s sleeping space. It was then Washburrn found a note signed by Emit saying he wanted to trade the chest for Alil and a few lifeboats, and that she wouldn’t be harmed as long as he showed himself within twenty-four hours. As well, he was to come to the temple ruin alone if he wanted to see Alil alive. But Alil stood only a few feet from Washburrn. They were indeed baffled as it was Kyhawn missing, not Alil. They could only conclude that Emit had taken him instead of her.
Before the conversation had ended, the captain demanded that Zeal, Tobben, and others go with Washburrn, but not until the following morning when there was plenty of light. “So once you and Kyhawn are on your way to where you buried that chest, everyone else will be hiding. At the given moment, they’ll surprise them.” The captain stamped the ground with his cane. “We’ll put an end to this. No matter whom they are.” He stared at Washburrn, then turned toward Earron. “Help me up.”
 After everyone had gone, Washburrn sat on his bed, back to the wall, all alone. He wasn’t sure what hurt worst: knowing Gelhona, his longtime friend, might be dead or even worse, she might have betrayed him and the crew, or thinking about Kyhawn being tortured. The note did say Kyhawn wouldn’t be harmed, well Alil … He ran his fingers through his thinning hair, then pulled his book out from under his pillow. “My book,” he muttered, gazing at it, he flipped through the pages as if he wished he was back in the land of Rhaw. He slammed it close, put it aside, and thought. Should I wait until tomorrow?
While Earron and Coita secretly watched him from the nearby foliage, Washburrn unburied his private supply of mogg juice.
In the dark fog of the night, a candle burned next to Washburrn as he pondered his thoughts. Should I wait until morning? His soul tore at him. Finally he rose, slung his cabac over his shoulders, hesitated, then slipped off the cabac, sat back down on his bed, and relit the candle.
“He might be staying after all.” Coita felt somewhat relieved.
Earron stared. “He’s not going to let Kyhawn stay up there all night with those killers. When he leaves, we’ll be close behind. Besides, he’ll need our help.” Earron tapped his weapons to show he was well armed.
“How will we be able to tell what he’s doing in all this fog?”
“Shhh… he’s getting up. He’s grabbing his cabac again.” Earron got to his knees and whispered, “He was merely having trouble making up his mind.”
“I wish he would.”

*                  *                  *

Meanwhile the Grongels and Kyhawn walked through the city of ruins towards the temple. As deep gray clouds clustered over them, a wind came in and around them, again making eerie whispers like children crying. Kyhawn felt the sounds crawl up his legs as if ghostly snakes were coiling around him. Yet he was the only one who seemed to feel it. To shake off the feeling he spoke sharply, “You guys are barmy to think you’re going to get off this island alive—with that chest.”
Jayden spoke as if he hadn’t heard a word Kyhawn said. “If I had a map that led to these stones, I’d keep it a secret.” He held up an orange colored stone. “I wonder if this trade school, book-reading lover lied to keep these stones for himself?”
“He had to tell us the truth. He’s too afraid not to.” Yamm tucked the map in his pocket as they continued to follow behind Kyhawn and Malnur.
Jayden nodded. “Yeah, we do have him frightened. And we do have a map. Yamm, you made a smart move by grabbing up that old box we left on the mountain trail.”
“We’ll be there soon, Kyhawn.” Malnur gripped his arm. “If I were you, I wouldn’t talk to Emit the way you’ve been talking to us.”
“You getting soft on us, Malnur?” Jayden chuckled.
Malnur looked distressed. “You know how Emit can be when he gets impatient.”
Yamm grinned, followed by a sneeze. He ran his shirtsleeve over his forehead, wiped the sweat off, and then wiped his nose on his cloak. “Don’t try and run, Kyhawn. You won’t get far with a dagger in your ribs.”
A twist of anger mixed with fear lurked within Kyhawn as they entered the temple ruin. To his left he noticed an altar resting on a wide stone platform. Candles and lanterns were spread across the platform. To his right, where Zacs once sat during worship and prayer, darkness overwhelmed the light. Two silhouettes slowly emerged.
“I see you have … him? Why have you brought him?” The voice grew angry. “Where’s that female, Alil?” The dark figures drew near the lanterns, which gave them a distorted illusion of power as the light reflected off their faces, thought Kyhawn.
As Emit and Mekon’s dark shadows followed behind them, Yamm shoved Kyhawn to his knees. Kyhawn glared up at Emit. “You’re nothing but sea trash. I doubt you’re able to open that peg-lock chest.”
Emit slapped him down onto the dirt floor. His orange eyes flared with anger. “Tie the land-lover to the altar,” he ordered, abruptly kicking Kyhawn in the stomach. “That’ll teach you not to speak to me in such an ill manner.”
Although in pain, Kyhawn slowly got to his knees. Just as he started to say something, Emit once again shoved him, but this time the back of Kyhawn’s head hit the altar steps, leaving him unconscious. “Drag him to the altar,” Emit demanded. “Could be he’ll do after all.” He gazed at them. “But tell me, what happened to Alil?” He paused, and ran his finger over his mustache. He grinned, “Was she too much for you?”
Jayden defended his mates. “We apologize, Emit. But this one was so easy to capture. You said yourself he was also a dear friend of that officer of the law, Washburrn.”
Healcox, an older hairless Zac dressed in fancy garments, ripped Kyhawn’s shirt open, a crazy look in his eyes. “I want to cut out Washburrn’s liver and eat it raw.” He made a fist and ran it over Kyhawn’s upper body.
Kyhawn came to and found himself surrounded by Grongels. His dark orange cloak draped the stone altar with his shirt torn wide open.
“You don’t look so tough now,” Yamm grinned.
“Let’s torture him.” Jayden gave Kyhawn a sinister smile while laughing with the others at his menacing remark.
Kyhawn grunted as he struggled to free himself.
“If it weren’t for that chest, I’d skin you alive.” Emit peered into Kyhawn’s large brown eyes. He sat on the edge of the altar and rubbed his fingers up and down Kyhawn’s body. Kyhawn jerked madly. Emit licked his fingers. “You might taste pretty darn good after a few hours over an open flame.”
“You’re sick,” Kyhawn grunted. “You’re just plain sick.”
Emit grabbed Kyhawn’s shirt collar, pulled his head upward, and spit in his face. He jumped to his feet and started to walk away, but stopped and looked at Malnur. “Watch him,” he demanded. “Yamm, Jayden—get out there and watch for Washburrn—and anyone else who might be with him. I’ve given him twenty-four hours. We keep watch until them. And if you see anyone else with him, you’re welcome to use them for target practice.”
Emit then went to the cellar, the place where they had been hiding off and on throughout their stay. As Mekon followed his leader he wished the next Double-Sun-Day were three months away instead of only a week. These were the hottest days of the year, the only ones in which a Kebadon ritual could be performed. Healcox and Namferic followed closely behind them.
And although Kyhawn felt somewhat relieved they departed the room with only Malnur to keep an eye on him, he was frightened. He stared at the knots binding him. With a sad look in his eyes, he then stared at what was left of the ancient ceiling. A teardrop slowly ran down the side of his face. As he turned his head, his tear fell onto the altar.
At that very moment Washburrn was following the path he thought they might have taken to the temple ruin. We’ve searched that temple ruin before. If only Dylc hadn’t hurt his leg the other day. He might still be alive. We might have discovered Emit’s hideout…and possibly had stopped this from happening. He thought as he observed freshly cut branches and vines. And on the ground before him were footprints. He crouched, and with his glasses on he noticed that some of the footprints were most likely Kyhawn’s. He placed a hand on a footprint and somehow he was able to feel his young friend’s sadness. He stood taking one last look at the vines. These vines, they’re as ancient as those ruins, he thought as he swung his sword cutting another vine. I should be coming up on the main trail soon.
Earron and Coita discreetly followed close behind.
When Washburrn reached the main trail, he stopped to pull a thorn from his leather boot, glanced down the trail, and took a second look. He wasn’t surprised when he laid eyes on the old box. When he knelt to gather the contents that had fallen out, all he could see in his mind’s eye was Kyhawn’s innocent face. A face he’d always remember. Sandy blond hair that hung slightly over his dark brown eyes, and the way he pressed his hand over his narrow chin when he was in deep thought. Washburrn took a deep breath as he realized the map of the island and the colored stones were missing. He looked around. I can understand their taking the stones, but a map of this island? He set the box aside and continued on up the trail.
Earron eased a branch aside to get a better view of Washburrn. “The box,” Earron whispered as he picked it up and gave it to Coita.
“What do you think?” Coita sat next to him, one hand on the box. “Do you think Kyhawn had to tell them about our cabacs?”
“Let’s hope not.” Earron stared at the box. “We’ll hide them again by burying them near the beach tomorrow.”
Coita rummaged through the box. “The stones are missing. The map of the island isn’t in here either.” He frowned. “But the invisible map and the other two pieces of parchment are here. The navigating tools are also here. And this old feather quill, but no stones.”
“Who cares? We have the ones in our cabacs. But now we better get going before we lose Washburrn.” Earron adjusted his sword and hid the box under some foliage. He quickly stuck a few sticks in the ground to mark the spot.
Coita peered ahead. “He’s gone off the main trail.”
“Let’s hurry.” Earron took Coita by the shoulder.
“Well, terrific. What do you kids think you’re doing?” Washburrn stood behind them. “Do you truly think following me is going to help matters?”
“Yeah we do, sir.” Earron stood his ground. “And we’re not kids. What if something was to happen to you? What if they try to kill both you and Kyhawn after you give them that chest? We’ve known Kyhawn a lot longer then you. And you can’t do anything to stop us,” he argued, giving Coita a nudge.
“Yeah, and what are you doing sneaking up on us?”
“You’re lucky it was me and not one of those lowlifes up there, who would like nothing better but to have you two for a midnight snack.” He glared. “Do me a favor, and go to camp. Take the box back with you.”
Earron’s dark orange eyes gave him a disagreeable look.
“Earron, there’s no doubt some day you might make a first-rate law officer. But for now the best thing you two can do for Kyhawn is to let me show up alone. You were there. The note clearly stated that I show up alone. And I intend to honor it.” Washburrn knelt before them. “I’ve been in far more dangerous situations than this.” He gave them a reassuring look as he pressed his hands against his knees. “Now please, do as I say and return to camp.”
Coita whispered into Earron’s ear, “Could be he’s right. He was a detective.”
Earron looked straight into Washburrn’s eyes. “First tell us what your plan is, and why you don’t need us.”
Washburrn shook his head. “I don’t have time to explain. The longer we stay here debating, the more time they’ll have alone with Kyhawn.”
More concerned for Kyhawn than words could express, Earron peered again into Washburrn’s eyes. “Promise us one thing.”
“Promise you …?”
Earron tried to look hopeful. “Make sure you bring him down the mountain unharmed. And Washburrn?”
“What is it now?”
Earron’s round face was filled with respect. “Ko-la-ton e-moss-lon.” He bowed.
Washburrn cracked a thin smile. “And may the luck of the gods be with you as well,” he said as he turned to continue up the trail.
“We hope your plan works,” Coita said softly as he turned to Earron, who was watching the backside of Washburrn. Coita clapped him on the shoulder,  “We should do as he says.” Moments later they began their way down the mountain on the main trail. And about half way down Coita stopped. “I need to rest,” he complained as he sat on a root crossing the rocky dirt trail and rubbed his foot.
Earron stood beside him somewhat impatient, but he understood. “We have to tell the others. It’s suicide, him going up there alone. We’ll tell the ones on guard duty first.”
“You mean the ones we snuck by earlier?”
“Those two,” Earron said. “Who else?”
Coita shrugged. “What am I suppose to do—read your mind?”

*                  *                  *

At about the same time Washburrn was approaching the waterhole on the mountaintop. When he reached the waterhole, he tossed his sword and other weapons next to a shrub. Hoping to recover them later, he heard someone approaching. Odds are that’s my welcoming party.
And sure enough it was. Jayden and Yamm greeted him, weapons ready. Jayden looked at Washburrn. “I hope for your sake you came alone.”
“Where’s Kyhawn?”
“In the temple.” Jayden pointed with one hand, while in the other hand he held his pistol. “Yamm, take his cabac and tie his hands. Make it quick. And search him down good.”
Washburrn held his arms out even with his shoulders while Yamm patted him down. “You’re pretty darn calm,” Yamm said in a scratchy voice, “for someone who has to give up something he’s been fighting so hard to keep. He’s clean,” he told Jayden.
“Why shouldn’t I be?” Washburrn replied. “I knew what to expect. It’s all quite simple. We give you the chest. You and your group go your way, and we go ours. The fact is, I’m sick and tired of being caretaker of that chest. It’s been nothing but bad luck ever since I laid eyes on it.” Washburrn grunted as they tied his hands behind his back. “I tell you, it’s been plain bad luck.”
Jayden set Washburrn’s cabac aside. “You expect us to believe that rubbish?”
“I really don’t care what you think. Nevertheless, to show you I mean well, I’ve brought you all a peace offering—some mogg juice. It’s in my cabac. Please be careful. It’s the best tiallup can buy.”
“It’s true, Jayden.” Yamm’s mouth watered. “There’s six bottles of mogg juice here.”
Jayden shoved Washburrn forward. “You stay in front of us so we can keep an eye on you.”
A moment later, the sound of a pistol firing echoed in the space between them. “That better not be someone firing on Kyhawn.” Washburrn gave them a betrayed look.
“Hope not, for his sake. Keep walking.” Jayden pressed his pistol against Washburrn’s backside.
Puzzled as to why they’d heard a pistol fire, they entered the ruins to find Emit and Mekon standing before the altar.
“If you’ve shot him, I’ll …!” Washburrn struggled to free himself. He slammed into Jayden. Jayden fell, jumped back to his feet, and pointed his pistol at Washburrn’s head.
Emit came down from the altar steps, pushed Jayden aside, and got close to Washburrn. “You’ll what? Untie yourself and kill me? I don’t think so. But put your worries aside, old Zac. Your young friend is well.” He tied his red hair back with a piece of twine. “However, I can’t say the same for Malnur. The trader tried to untie the kid. If it hadn’t been for Mekon, he might have succeeded.”
“You murdering lowlifes.” Washburn squeezed his fists. “You’ve killed the only decent Zac among you. Now untie Kyhawn from that altar.”
“Untie him? No, he isn’t going anywhere,” Mekon told him. “Not when your friend has a mouth on him that won’t quit.”
Washburrn stood straight facing Emit and Mekon. After a pause, he relaxed his hands. “You want to get your hands on the peg-lock chest soon, don’t you?”
“What are you getting at, old Zac?” Emit stared at him.
“It’s quite simple.” Washburrn took a deep breath and calmly continued. “If you untie Kyhawn from that altar, we’ll take you there willingly. If you don’t, then we might not make things so easy for you. The choice is yours.”
Emit looked at him enviously. “I can see how you’ve managed to come to an old age and remain in one piece.” Emit looked at Jayden. "Untie the kid from the altar, but don’t forget to retie his hands. We leave for my chest right away.”
Mekon grabbed hold of Washburrn’s cabac. “Wait, what do we have here?”
“Be careful,” Yamm told him. “There’s several bottles of mogg juice in there.”
“Mogg.” Mekon unbuckled the cabac’s strap. “What’s this for? You trying to bribe us, or something?”
Washburrn glanced at Kyhawn who was giving him an odd stare. He looked at Emit and Mekon. “No I’m not trying to bribe you,” Washburrn explained, “It’s quality mogg-juice, and why not? You can say it’s my way of saying no hard feelings. We give you the peg-lock chest that you want so much. You return Kyhawn to me, and as far as leaving the island is concerned, I’m sure we can make some reasonable arrangements between us.”
Kyhawn wondered, What’s he up to?
“Let me see if I’m hearing you right.” Emit was obviously puzzled by Washburrn’s words. “You’re giving us this mogg juice as a peace offering. Without any tricks, you say?”
Washburrn nodded, “To put it simply, yes. And I think you’ll find the mogg juice to your liking. It’s top of the line.”
Yamm chewed on a zuetia leaf, sneezing again into his shirtsleeve. “They’re in glass jugs too, Emit.”
Healcox’s face lit up with delight as he sniffed a jug and smiled.
Emit shoved Healcox away from the jugs, then looked at Washburrn. “We accept your offer,” he said as he took a quick look at one of the jugs. He gave a slight smile, but spoke sharply. “No drinking until after Double-Sun-Day. Yamm, take these to the cellar. We’ll need to travel light.” He reached for a small chest. “And Jayden, take this down there and put it where it was earlier … in that passageway.”
Washburrn and Kyhawn both noticed the small chest appeared identical to the one Captain Joenf had lost. They glanced at one another in agreement.
“Don’t be long,” Emit said as he reached for his cloak lying on the altar floor. As he slung it around his shoulders and secured it, Kyhawn’s eye widened as if betrayed. There on the altar floor sat the dagger-key. Emit reached over and scooped it up.
“How did you find that key?” Kyhawn asked.
Washburrn didn’t say a word, also appearing somewhat surprised.
“We made a sandcastle,” Healcox said. “You and them other lads aren’t the only ones who know how to make sandcastles.” He and his mates chuckled.
Mekon walked to the far end of the temple that lay in darkness where the ceiling had for the most part corroded away; stones and rotten ceiling beams covered much of the floor like broken toys from another time. Mekon pushed a rotten beam aside with his boot. As it fell apart, he looked at the open sky. A raindrop fell upon him, then another. “Rain— we better get a move on.”
Emit approached Washburrn. “We know in which direction you buried our chest. But unfortunately we need you for the particulars.” He pointed Washburrn toward the temple doors. “And for your own well-being,” he shook the dagger-key at Washburrn, “our ritual tools better be inside.” He slipped the dagger-key in his pocket, patting it for good luck, and smiled like he already ruled the world.
“It’s a good two-hour walk northwest from here,” Washburrn groaned. He felt as though he were betraying King Lumarkahawn, King of the land of Rhaw. Omakohak, Chamquinil, all of the other towns and cities in the land of Rhaw, and the remainder of the free world were in Kyhawn and Washburrn’s hands.
“You better be right about where it is,” Mekon told him.
As Jayden and Namferic returned from the cellar, Kyhawn saw Jayden chewing on a long bone. A leg bone, he thought. Kyhawn watched Jayden as he tossed the bone on top of a pile of them off to one side of the ruin.
Then he looked at Washburrn. All he could think about was, He’s up to something, but what? I’ll just have to follow his lead.
Emit slung his hood over his head as Yamm also came in. Yamm and Mekon led the way, followed by Kyhawn and Washburrn with Emit and Jayden close behind them. Namferic and Healcox covered their flank.
Washburrn glanced over his shoulder at Emit. “What have you done with Gelhona?” he asked, but deep down he felt he already knew what the answer was. She’s most likely dead, if she’s not here he thought. “What have you done with her,” he repeated.
“Gelhona … who’s she?”
Rain filled the silence.
Washburrn walked up to Jayden. “I demand you tell me where she is. What have you done with her—?”
Jayden shoved him forward. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, old Zac.”
“Yeah, she took off to camp last we seen her.” Healcox pointed his sword at Washburrn.
Mekon grabbed Washburrn’s cloak. “We can’t be responsible for your dear captain’s crew.”
“You .…” Washburrn was furious.
Kyhawn could only shake his head in sorrow. Emit grabbed Kyhawn. “Say another word about the matter, and the kid gets a dagger in his arm.” He pointed his dagger at Kyhawn. “Get moving.”
“You too, Washburrn.” Mekon gave him another shove.
By the time they had passed though the ruins and started to descend the mountain, it was pouring rain. As they started down the steep, dangerous path, Washburrn noticed they were walking uneasily. “It doesn’t get any better then this,” he told Emit. “If it wasn’t raining, it wouldn’t be so bad.”
“We keep moving. You don’t fool me, Washburrn—I know what you’re up to. You want to give your crew … or what’s left of them … a chance to come up with some sort of plan. But you can quit thinking about them because we’re not stopping ’til we reach our destination.”
The steep, awkward trail was clustered with ancient tree roots that zigzagged across it like abstract steps. “In fact,” Washburrn said, “the enter mountainside’s covered with these tree roots.”
About ten minutes of stomping through mud and balancing themselves on the slippery roots, they heard a scream. A tree root had stabbed Healcox from behind like the sting of a spear. The root went completely through him. Namferic drew his sword and went to his friend’s rescue. Seconds later a root grabbed Namferic’s leg. But as soon as he cut himself free another root stabbed him in the gut, and he too let out an awful scream.
It was too late for Healcox. The tree roots had him completely in their grip, squeezing him to death.
Jayden raised his pistol ready to fire. “No!” Mekon shoved his arm down, a sad look in his eyes. “Too much noise.”
Suddenly Healcox was sucked into the ground.
Namferic struggled as the roots pierced his flesh and wrapped around his neck. Mekon drew his sword and hatched at the mighty roots, but it was no use. While the others could only stand by and watch, Namferic screamed in agony. As Mekon slipped and rolled down the trail, Namferic was gone.
Kyhawn slipped himself, lying there for a moment in pain. He took a deep breath, “That chest is at the bottom of this mountain. And who knows how many more of these white flower trees lay between us and it.” He spoke sharply. “We should wait until tomorrow when we’ll have better light.” With his hands bound behind his back and his wet hair in his face, he felt feverish as he gazed at the white flowers across the trail from him.
At that moment an evil thought crossed his mind. If we continue on, I might just get a chance to shove Emit into that tree. And maybe Washburrn could shove Mekon into it as well. He shook off the thought. I can’t do it. I can’t just throw a Zac to his death like that. There has to be another way to end this craziness.
“Are you okay, Kyhawn?” Washburrn stood helplessly just up the trail from him, struggling to keep his own balance. “Are you okay?” he repeated.
Frustrated, Kyhawn responded, “What do you think?”
Mekon pointed his dagger at Yamm, “Help him up so we can get away from here.” He looked around, expecting a tree root to pierce his own flesh and take him under.
Kyhawn turned to Emit. “I don’t much care what we do. But let’s do something.”   Seconds later a tree root stretched across the trail and reached for Kyhawn’s leg. He quickly pushed himself up the trail by kicking at the ordinary tree roots which grew across the trail. But then again… were they ordinary? He thought to himself as Yamm grabbed him and pulled him up to safer grounds.
“This is crazy,” Kyhawn groaned. “We should go back.”
“You don’t give the orders around here. Another word out of you, and we toss you to those roots,” Emit told him.
“Yeah.” Jayden nodded, “We’ll give him what Namferic and Healcox got. We don’t need him anyhow.”
Yamm wrapped his arms around himself as if he was uncannily cold. He was frightened, but much more concerned about the lost treasures of Kebadon.
Mekon wiped the rain off his face and shook off his cloak. “If we stay out in this much longer, our pistols will become useless.”
Emit thought he felt something press against his boot. He quickly moved forward, glanced over his shoulder, and tapped Washburrn’s arm with his dagger. “Lead the way.” He pointed his dagger toward the mountaintop. “We look for shelter, but only until the sky clears.” He turned and almost slipped. No one dared to crack a smile, or at least not one that could be seen.
About fifteen twenty-five minutes later they had returned to the city of ruins and found a suitable place. “This one doesn’t leak too badly,” Mekon said as he took a quick look inside.
“I’m coming down with a cold.” Yamm sneezed. His eyes watered, and like an invisible net, a pale shadow began to consume him.
Mekon glanced at Yamm. “It’s that flu. You’re sure to get over it—the rest of us did.” He waved to the others to join them.
Yamm peered out the empty window frame next to the door. “Yeah, it has a decent roof. At least on this end it does.”
As they settled in for the wait, they lit five candles. Two rested on the fireplace while the other three were set on the dirt floor. Kyhawn and Washburrn sat alongside one another. Their backs were against the front entrance wall with a small empty window frame above them. To their left, a partial door hung loose, attached to the door frame only by sagging leather hinges. In the center, a beam kept the roof from caving in. Kyhawn stared at the fireplace, sensing the echoes of the past.
As they sat around eating dried spider legs, Emit abruptly gave Yamm an unkind look. “I thought I told you to leave that mogg juice behind. You never listen, do you?”
Yamm sat up, slightly shivering. He spit out a zuetia leaf. “These leaves aren’t doing me a bit of good. We don’t have any real medicine. If I drank some, I’d feel better.”
Emit hesitated. “It is chilly out. All we have is water to drink, and we’re all wet to the bone. There’s no dry wood to make a fire.” His expression changed. “But I should smash this jug over your head. When I give you an order …” He snatched up the jug, popped the cork, and quenched his thrust. “Umm, this is tasty, and in a handsome glass jar at that. I think if Yamm’s going to drink, the lot of us should be able to enjoy a few sips as well. Keep the cold off.”
 The time passed. The storm continued to battle the decaying roof. As for the jar of mogg juice, it seemed to be taking its course as well. Washburrn and Kyhawn secretly smiled at one another.
“What are you doing Jayden?” Emit grabbed the jar. “Don’t waste any on them.”
“Oh, come now, Emit—let’s show some hospitality.” Jayden grinned as he leaned against the wall next to Washburrn.
“Give it here.” Yamm sounded muddled, though somewhat relaxed. “They don’t need … any.”
“I wouldn’t mind one drink. I’m parched.” Washburrn nudged Kyhawn.
“I’d like a drink as well. I am thirsty.” Kyhawn pretended to smile.
Jayden looked at Emit as though for approval. Though Emit frowned, he waved a hand, “Go on.”
Jayden got on his knees. Kyhawn tilted his head back as Jayden fed him a quick drink, Kyhawn’s head tingled. He shook it a few time as the other had a good laugh while giving Washburrn too a quick drink.
“That’s enough.” Emit reached for the jug. “Give it here, Jayden. We need to make a toast to Namferic and Healcox.”
Mekon grabbed the jar from Jayden and glared at Emit. “You’re drunk. Talking about me in the past, not being able to handle my liquor!” Mekon went over to the door and slammed the jar against the wall.
“Lighten up.” Jayden staggered toward him. “I was going to give some to … Yamm. Now you’ve gone and wasted some fine whiskey.” He shook a fist.
Yamm reached into his cabac. “A … yeah … pretty strong … stuff.”
“It was almost empty,” Mekon said, suddenly with a change of attitude his expression too quickly changed. “I’m sorry, Emit, but business is business.”
Emit gestured for him to sit. “You’ve always been the one to keep me in line. That’s why I admire you so much.”
Jayden rose and leaned against the center beam, looking friendly and loose. “I think we need to try and make a fire. Make us more content on this gravely cold wet night.” He grinned.
Kyhawn glanced at Washburrn, then looked at his enemies as though he were continuing to relax.
Jayden gazed at Kyhawn with a sense of pleasure, as though he was addicted to Zacterronian flesh. A brief moment later he stared at the ancient ceiling with a mysterious expression. Almost in a trance, he listened to the rain, then turned to Kyhawn, picked up a candle, and crouched in front of him. “Some young tender flesh to sink my teeth into … be mighty tasty.” He licked his lips, his hand on Kyhawn’s face. “Tastier than one of those Ooweds.”
“Yeah … better then eight-legged fur balls.” Yamm burped. “Much tastier than spider legs.”
Kyhawn jerked away, leaning against Washburrn for protection.
“Oh come now, lad.” Jayden belched. “I was only joking.”
“Hey—what do we have here?” Yamm grinned with delight. “Another jar of mogg juice.” Sweat ran down his yellow blemished face as he opened it, then quickly took a slobbering swallow. With another belch and a chuckle followed by a wide smile, he leaned toward Washburrn.
Emit glared fiercely. “I thought you brought only one jar.” He reached across them and grabbed it.
Washburrn and Kyhawn’s eyes met in a quick look of hope.
Emit slapped Yamm across the face. “It’s not good enough you lying to me once, but twice?” He gulped a few ounces, then handed the jar to Jayden. With an angry stare, he grabbed Yamm’s shirt caller. “You—I should kill you where you sit. But I’m not, and do you know why? I’ll tell you—because I need you to help Jayden to carry my chest up this mountain, that’s why.” He let him loose. “Stand up.”
Yamm staggered to his feet. “I … I was doing it for us. I know … I know how you like… to drink.”
“I told you, no drinking until after the Double-Sun-Day.” Emit seemed to calm down, but then kneed Yamm in the stomach.
Yamm keeled over and hit the dirt floor in pain.
“That’ll teach you,” Emit sneered. “Damn idiot—you know I don’t like being lied to.” He turned to Jayden and grabbed the jar, then looked at Mekon. “Where are you going?”
Mekon gave him a disappointed look. “Outside.” He stepped out into the rain though he was still protected somewhat by the eaves.
“Don’t be long.” Emit plopped himself down next to the center beam. He gave Kyhawn and Washburrn a friendly look. “See, that’s what happens when they don’t obey me.”
Washburrn gave Emit the look of an ally. “I don’t blame you one bit. He shouldn’t have lied to you.”
“He’s a good Zac.” Emit retied his ponytail. “When he minds me, he’s a good Zac.” He belched.
“I’m sure he is,” Kyhawn mumbled nervously.
“What was that you said, kid?” Emit demanded.
“I said,” Kyhawn nervously reassured him, “I’m sure he is a good Zac. I mean … that is… when he minds you.”
Mekon stood outside thinking in his wise but sinister ways. He turned and smashed the rotten door against its frame as he entered. “Emit, you know what happens when you drink. What are you trying to do—destroy everything? The only reason we came on this cruise was to reclaim the ancient artifacts for the Grongels. Now look at you. As far as I’m concerned, you’re too unstable to ever become high priest.”
Emit had been sitting next to Jayden enjoying himself, but his expression quickly changed. He got to his feet and shouted. “It’s hardly raining—let’s get this over with so we can have that chest back at the temple before sunrise.”
The white flower trees crossed Kyhawn’s mind. He glanced at Washburrn, who was looking at Mekon.
“Okay,” Mekon responded. “Then let’s be done with it. We’ll use the lanterns. If we run out of lamp oil, we still have plenty of candles.”
“All right, no more drinking,” Emit said, “until we have the canister in our hands.” He belched again as he grabbed Jayden by the arm. “Find the cork. But while you’re at it, you can give me the jar.”
“Wait.” Jayden pushed Emit’s hand away. “If you’re going to take another drink, I feel it only fair I take one too. I also feel we should give our friends another swig.” He staggered to his feet, pushed Emit backward, and poured mogg juice over Washburrn’s head. Washburrn quickly moved toward Kyhawn.
Mekon stood at the door looking quite impatient with them.
Emit got up and slugged Jayden in the side. “I wasn’t going to take another drink—you fool.”
“You should never be a high priest!” Jayden repeated, slamming the jug over Emit’s head. Emit stumbled face first onto the dirt floor. Not moving, he lay a few feet from Yamm, who by this time seemed too ill to care about anything but a warm fire and a good nap.
When Washburrn and Kyhawn looked at each other, Washburrn raised an eyebrow and winked. Kyhawn wasn’t quite sure what the wink meant, but he knew whatever it meant he needed to be ready.
Mekon took hold of Jayden. “Every time you two get this way, it never fails to cause some kind of disaster. Why do I put up with this rubbish …?” He glanced out the window, noticing the sky was starting to clear. “Now let’s get a move on before Captain Joenf decides to come up here after us,” he said nudging Emit’s side with his boot. “We’re heading out Emit.”
Jayden belched. “I’ll tell you way you put up with our rubbish… because you like us.” He spoke as though he were enjoying the fight. He waved a busted glass jug at Mekon. “You want some?”
“Put your hands over mine,” Washburrn whispered.
When their hands met, Kyhawn felt something moving back and forth over the twine binding his wrists.
Yamm’s mouth opened wide with surprise. He twitched his eyelids. “Hey! What the …?”
Mekon glanced at Washburrn and Kyhawn and then reached for his dagger.
Jayden, who wasn’t paying attention, thought Mekon had pulled the dagger on him. Jayden swung the busted jug and slashed Mekon’s arm.
“You ignorant drunk—they’re trying to escape!” Mekon pointed his dagger at Jayden while grasping his wound. “You got my arm, you fool.”
Washburrn pushed Kyhawn over to the far side opposite Mekon and Jayden, then jumped on top of Yamm and knocked him out. He grabbed Yamm’s pistol and got on his knees behind him.
Kyhawn didn’t waste any time in crawling behind Washburrn, who had the pistol pointed at Mekon and Jayden.
Washburrn reached for Yamm’s dagger and quickly slapped it into Kyhawn’s hand.
Washburrn glared at them fearlessly. “Seems the plans have changed again. Drop your weapons and come quietly with us before someone else gets hurt. The choice is yours.”
“You only have one shot, and there’s two of us. What’s it going to be?” Mekon asked as he and Jayden stood in the center of the ruin. To their left rain dripped from the decaying ceiling onto the muddy floor behind them.
Washburrn knew they had to do something before Emit recovered. Kyhawn whispered into Washburrn’s ear.
Washburrn nodded. Kyhawn was reaching into Yamm’s pockets when all of a sudden Yamm started to struggle with Washburrn. Washburrn grabbed Yamm, got to his feet, and pushed him into Jayden. Yamm and Jayden stumbled and knocked a candle over into a small puddle before falling to the floor.
Mekon hurled his dagger at Washburrn, who ducked. The dagger struck the wall behind him and fell to the dirt floor.
Washburrn fired the pistol, hitting Mekon dead center in the chest. “Reload it,” he ordered, shoving the pistol at Kyhawn. He dove for Mekon’s dagger.
Kyhawn trembled as he tried to stick the pellet in.
Jayden pushed Yamm aside and got to his feet with his dagger in hand. Blood dripped from his forehead into his eye. He blinked repeatedly, reached for his pistol, and pulled the trigger. When it didn’t fire, he threw it at Kyhawn. The pistol bounced off Kyhawn’s shoulder, landed on a flat stone, and fired. The pellet whistled by Washburrn’s head and through the ceiling.
Jayden now stood with a sword in one hand and his dagger in the other, ready to attack. This was his moment, he thought, a look of victory in his wild youthful eyes.
Kyhawn glanced back and forth at Jayden and the pistol he was still trying to reload. Washburrn turned in time to see Jayden going after Kyhawn. Washburrn hurled his dagger at Jayden, who leaned to avoid it. The dagger flew past Jayden and chipped the wall behind him.
Kyhawn cocked the trigger. He was speechless. Fear in his dark brown eyes, he pointed the pistol at the Grongel necklace hanging around Jayden’s neck.
Jayden gripped his dagger in one hand and arched his sword over his head with the other. He was about to attack Kyhawn when Washburrn came at him from the side. Jayden swung at Washburrn, but Washburrn lay low as the sword went over his head. Washburrn quickly swung his leg around and swept Jayden off his feet. When Jayden dropped his sword, Washburrn jumped on top of him and they rolled in the mud, struggling to dominate the dagger each of them gripped firmly.
Now on the dry half of the ruin, Kyhawn pointed his pistol at them. He glanced at Yamm, Emit, and Mekon. All three appeared dead. He waited nervously for a chance to fire at Jayden. But with only two candles lit, and a tree limb slapping against the ruin, distorted shadows jeopardized his aim. He was afraid he might hit Washburrn. He glanced at Emit again, thinking he saw him move. He hesitated, then slowly went to him with a look of both fear and anger in his eyes.
Emit lay still.
Kyhawn reached for Emit’s pistol, but found the holster empty. He grabbed Emit’s dagger and got to his feet. He looked back and forth from Washburrn and Jayden’s fight to Emit.
Kyhawn couldn’t help but think the worst as he saw his friend and mentor in the mud, with Jayden’s dagger pointing at his throat. Kyhawn dropped to his knees, ready to fire his pistol at Jayden.
Emit grabbed Kyhawn’s leg. Kyhawn twisted himself free, dropping his dagger but holding firm his pistol aimed at Emit’s head. “Try me—you slivering lowlife lizard of a Zac!”
“You won’t pull the trigger, kid. You’ve never killed a Zac in your life, have you?”
“It doesn’t matter—now does it…?” Kyhawn exclaimed.
As Washburrn felt the sharp edge of Jayden’s dagger, he struggled, forcing the dagger away from his face. As they fought with all they had to give, the dagger danced between life and death for one or the other.
The dagger plunged into the dirt. Jayden’s hands slipped. Washburrn pushed him away and grabbed the blade. Blood dripped from his long silverish-blue fingers as he jumped to his feet, stepped back, and hurled it at Jayden.
The dagger propelled itself through the air hitting Jayden dead center in the gut, but it was the hilt that got him, not the blade.
For a split second, Jayden thought his life had ended. Washburrn kicked him in the face. The back of Jayden’s head hit hard against the floor.
In the heat of the moment, Washburrn glanced at Kyhawn, then dove for the dagger. He grabbed it and stuck it deep into Jayden’s ribcage, then gave it a twist and abruptly pulled it out as Jayden’s eyes widened with pain. He could see the flames of hell as he drew his last breath.
Half out of it, Yamm felt an object wedged between him and the dry dirt floor. He pulled a pistol from beneath, and with a grin, aimed it at Kyhawn. “You kill Emit—and I kill you,” he said as he spit dirt from his mouth and slowly rose with his back to the wall.
Kyhawn didn’t even acknowledge him. But Emit nodded at Yamm.
About the same time, in the dark shadows of one remaining candle, Yamm noticed Washburrn standing in the dark. Yamm waved his pistol back and forth between them.
“Kyhawn, keep your eyes on Emit,” Washburrn told him, dagger in one hand, sword in the other. “I’ll take care of this one.”
Yamm sneezed.
Washburrn threw his bloody dagger at Yamm.
Yamm fired his pistol at Washburrn, then bent over, staggered out the doorway, and fell face first into the mud. The dagger plunged ever deeper into his gut.
With one candle still burning, Emit got to his feet, sword in hand. “Kid, you’re not going to kill me.” He dropped his sword and took the dagger-key from his inside pocket. “I was the one who took a shot at you before you boarded the Sealander,” he said. “I was told to kill you then. I won’t fail this time.”
Kyhawn’s eyes showed his fear and dreadful sense of betrayal. He wanted to pull the trigger, but didn’t. “You missed me then. And … and now I have the faster weapon. Call me kid once more, and I will pull this trigger.” He looked over to where he had last seen Washburrn and called to him, but didn’t get an answer.
Emit knew Kyhawn had the advantage over him. “Come now,” Emit said, “you let me leave, and I won’t bother you anymore.” He slowly began to move toward Kyhawn, then swiftly tossed a fistful of dirt at him.
Kyhawn jumped back to avoid the dirt and landed on his rear end. “Any closer and I’ll shoot,” he threatened. With his pistol aimed at Emit, he rubbed his eyes with his other hand.
Emit stood a few feet in front of him, dagger-key in hand. “I don’t think you have what it takes.” Blood dripped from his forehead. “You don’t have your old friend to help you anymore. Didn’t you hear that last pistol fire? The old fool’s dead. It’s you and me, kid. What do you say? You might as well let me walk free. It’s only you and me … you and me …” Emit wiped some blood from his eye and gave an evil cry. “Only you and me .…”
Kyhawn looked him straight in the eye. What do I do next? I’ve never killed a Zac before. I’ve never been in anything like this situation. I knew some day I might be … just didn’t think it’d be so soon. If I let him go, I might regret it later. He glanced at Washburrn lying in the darkness.
“You’re not going to fire that pistol, kid.” Emit took a step forward with open arms. “Let’s be truthful—neither is Washburrn. He’s dead.” He drew near and crouched with a sudden sense of calmness. “If you let me go, you might get out of this alive.” He paused. “Now give me that pistol and I’ll let you live.” He stepped back a few feet as though he’d lost his balance. “That’s some powerful whisky.” He tried to shake off the effects of the alcohol.
Kyhawn stared at him as though he wasn’t quite sure what to do next.
“Come now kid, what do you say?”
Kyhawn eased back, his back to the wall. He slowly rose, then wiped a drop of rain from his face. Emit jumped forward, knocking the pistol from Kyhawn’s hand. Kyhawn stared at the dagger-key in disbelief as Emit swiftly moved in to stab him with it. But when the blade touched Kyhawn, it instantly turned into sand and crumbled in Emit’s hand. Emit jumped back, his eyes lit up in fright. “Now I know why the high priest wanted you dead.”
Kyhawn reached for the pistol. In one motion he grabbed it, spun around, and pointed it at Emit. “That key has a tendency to do that,” he said with a smile, trying to hide his fear.
Emit gripped the remaining sand in his hand from the dagger-key. Suddenly feeling it burning his hand, he tossed it at Kyhawn. The moment the sand touched Kyhawn, the dagger-key appeared and fell at Kyhawn’s feet.
As it did so, Emit grabbed the pistol and Kyhawn’s wrist. But Kyhawn held the pistol firmly as they struggled. The pistol fired and Kyhawn fell back into the wall. Emit stumbled to the floor as Kyhawn got to his feet. He gripped the pistol to bust Emit over the head. But instead he found himself staring at the dagger-key, feeling a sense of calmness coming from it. He dropped the pistol and leaned against the wall, somewhat dazed.
 Emit stared at the ceiling and took a deep breath, gasping for air, but then there was nothing but silence. He’s dead, Kyhawn thought as he rushed to Washburrn. “Washburrn,” he cried as he laid a hand on his shoulder. With his other hand he tried to wipe the tears from his face.
Washburrn’s arms twitched.
“You’re alive!” Kyhawn again looked hopeful. He ran his fingers across his forehead, removing his wet hair from his bruised face. “Say something.”
Washburrn moaned. “Well, did you think I was going to let you bury me on this forsaken island?”
“I thought for sure you were dead.”
“That’s what you get for letting that beast ramble on for so long,” Washburrn grumbled. “Help me up.”
“Is it bad?” Kyhawn asked as he reached around him.
“It’s not good … but then, it never is. It feels … I think the pellet’s above my lung.” He took a deep breath. “If I can get the bleeding to stop, I’ll … I’ll survive.”
“You’re bleeding all over yourself.”
“Odds are … it’ll stop … soon enough,” Washburrn moaned, as he looked across the dirt floor at the bodies. “Take one of their shirts off and bring it to me.”
Kyhawn stared at him oddly. “Take off one of their shirts …?”
“Please do as I say. It’s to stop the bleeding. But be careful—one of them might still be alive.”
Without any further delay, Kyhawn crouched over Jayden’s body, tearing off his cloak and then his shirt. He used his dagger to cut it into strips, then went back to help Washburrn cover his wound.
“My arm …” Washburrn complained. “Feels it went bad on me.”
“I don’t see any wounds there,” Kyhawn noted as he held onto the arm.
Washburrn once again looked at the bodies. “Gather their weapons and anything else you think we might be able to use.”
Kyhawn nodded. His expression changed when he suddenly remembered, “Jayden and Yamm took our map and colored stones. One of them should have them.” He stood over Jayden’s body, then went through their things, salvaging what he could. “Here’s the map of the island. But I can only find a few colored stones.” He was anxious to leave the ruin. “They took that old box from me. The one I wanted to show you before all of this happened,” he explained while emptying out Yamm’s cabac. “Here’s the rest of the stones.” He stuffed them in his pocket, then remembered the dagger-key. He searched for it, but only found a small lump of white sand. “Did you see that, Washburrn? I mean that key … the dagger-key. He tried to kill me with it, but he couldn’t. Did you see it turn into sand when he tried to stab me?”
“No, I didn’t. Please Kyhawn, help me up.”
“Emit told me he was the one who shot at us before we boarded the Sealander.” Kyhawn leaned close. “Has the bleeding stopped?”
“It’s slowed,” Washburrn said. “And you know, I heard every word he spoke.” He moaned. “Better … give me a hand.” Weak but able, Washburrn got to his feet.
Shortly after with one cabac full of supplies, and weapons hanging from Kyhawn’s shoulders, they left the ruin. Washburrn walked with one hand on Kyhawn’s shoulder.
Kyhawn gave him an odd look. “You mean while I was pointing a pistol at Emit, you were lying in the mud listening to every word that barmy Zac was spitting out? And you didn’t do a thing to help?”
“It’s not as simple as all that. I could hear you. I wanted to help, but I couldn’t rouse myself fully. It happens sometimes when you get shot. But then, you’ve never been.”
“No, I haven’t. You make it sound like you were in a bad dream you couldn’t wake up from.”
“Bad dream … I wish that were all this place was, a bad dream. You and your dreams.” Washburrn cracked a thin smile, obviously still in pain.
“Put your arm around me,” Kyhawn insisted. “We have a long walk before us.”
As they continued to walk Kyhawn’s thoughts drifted back to the dagger-key. “What do you think Emit meant when he said this high priest, he was talking about, wanted me dead. I mean, it was me he was trying to kill in the carriage the morning we departed Omakohak?”
“Sounded like to me, he might have mistaken you for someone else.” Washburrn turned his head toward Kyhawn. “But then again maybe he didn’t.” he questioned his own words. “Perhaps there is something about you that you have not yet discovered about yourself. Nonetheless, you’re special to me.” He slightly smiled, his hand on Kyhawn’s shoulder. He pulled him close.
“Me … special?” Kyhawn pondered the thought.
As they drew closer to the temple ruin, Washburrn told him about his encounter with Earron and Coita, the old box, and the fact that he had sent them back to camp with the box knowing they most likely told everyone what he was doing. Suddenly Washburrn felt numb. Kyhawn eased him down in front of a ruin similar to the one they had just left, and then knelt beside him.
“My wound’s starting to bleed again. I’ll tell you what—go to the temple and have a look. No, go to the main trail. I’m sure the others are on their way by now.”
“Are you going to be all right, here by yourself?”
“If you hurry, I might.”
Kyhawn dropped his things and rushed toward the main trail. From out of the night, a familiar voice summoned him. “Kyhawn, is that you? Over here—we’re over here.”
Kyhawn turned. “Is that you … Earron?”
A Zac appeared from behind a ruin, sword in hand. “Yeah.”
Kyhawn was relieved to hear Earron’s voice, “Am I glad to see you.” He looked further on, beyond his good friend. “You didn’t come up here alone, did you?”
“No— I’m not that barmy. Coita, Alil, Zeal, and the rest are behind me a ways.” Earron seemed relieved as he greeted him. “You look as though you’ve taken a mud bath down a rocky path,” he said shaking his head as they embraced.
Kyhawn eased back. “Come on. Washburrn’s badly hurt. He’s over here lying against one of these ruins.”
“What happened?”
“Don’t ask.”
“Did you have to give them that chest?” Earron curiously asked, hesitating to follow Kyhawn. “Did you?”
“No. They’re all dead. Come-on.”
“Please Kyhawn. We should wait for the others.”
Suddenly from out of the deep gray early morning, lights began to appear over the mountaintop coming from the main trail.
“Kyhawn’s here. He’s okay.” Earron waved at them.
“Washburrn’s over there.” Kyhawn pointed. “He’s hurt bad.”
“What about those Grongels?” Alil asked as they approached with caution, weapons ready.
“They’re dead,” Earron said calmly.
“They’re all dead,” Kyhawn announced, sounding like he had woken up from a nightmare. “It’s over,” he mumbled.
“Where did you say Washburrn was?” Captain Joenf asked, quickly adding in a concerned tone, “Why isn’t he with you? If he went and got himself killed—”
“Washburrn’s over that way, resting. We need to get him to camp,” Kyhawn told them. “This way—come on.”
When they approached Washburrn, he was laying flat on his back.
“Washburrn …” Kyhawn ran to his side, dropped to his knees, and placed his hand on Washburrn’s heart. “He’s not dead.” Kyhawn announced. “He’s still breathing.”  He held both of his hands with concern, “Washburrn—can you hear me?”
“Old fool. Is he dead?” Captain Joenf hobbled behind them mumbling a few choice words.
Washburrn opened his eyes and glanced at everyone around him. “What happened?”
“Apparently you just passed out,” Kyhawn said, relieved. “Do you think you can make it down the mountain?”
Washburrn spoke slowly. “Well … I’ll give it my best.”
“Someone help me get him up.” Kyhawn gestured at Treb. “We need to get him down the mountain—quick.”
Earron and Coita stood beside Kyhawn and picked up the cabac and weapons he’d dropped. “Thanks, you guys,” Kyhawn said as he and Treb helped Washburrn to his feet.
“I slipped,” Washburrn said somewhat drowsily.
“We got you,” Kyhawn assured him. “You’re going to be fine,” he said, although he sounded somewhat unsure of himself.
Werdna came up, slinging his straw hat back. “Step aside, Kyhawn. You’re in no shape to help anyone.”
Kyhawn hesitated, bowed slightly, then moved out of the way to let Werdna take Washburrn’s shoulder.
Alil looked at Washburrn in relief, then embraced Kyhawn. “You both sure gave us a scare.” She glanced at Earron and Coita. “What’s all of that you’re carrying?”
Kyhawn stepped back from her embrace and slightly smiled at Earron and Coita. They shrugged. Earron nodded his head toward Kyhawn.
“Just supplies we might need,” Kyhawn told her. “Which reminds me, we need to go to that temple,” he pointed. “They left more supplies there. And the Captain’s chest, that small one he spoke of—I’m quite sure it’s the one that contains those old books and documents.” Kyhawn quickly explained to her about the hidden cellar and where it was located.
Alil’s eyes lit up. She turned and called out, “Captain, we’ve located your chest. We’re going after it.” She turned to Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita. “You all go on. I’m sure we can locate the cellar on our own. Go on. We’ll catch up with you later.”
The captain came over. “I’m going with you,” he said, but then thought twice about his leg as he waved an arm. “Nevermind—go on without me. And be careful,” he said as Alil and a few others headed for the temple.
While Treb and Werdna helped Washburrn down the mountain, Treb glanced at him. “You smell of liquor.”
Werdna took in a deep breath. “You certainly do.”
“Long story, tell you … about it later.” Washburrn moaned. The captain walked alongside them lecturing him about going to the temple alone.
As Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita followed close behind, Kyhawn told them everything, except for the part about some high priest wanting to kill him before they had departed Omakohak. The captain’s words about keeping the carriage incident quiet echoed his mind. Then for a brief moment he found himself in deep thought. The dagger-key, the ancient artifacts, some high priest wanting me dead, but why? And with all he had learned from Washburrn and the others, and his dreams, he knew it wasn’t over. He glanced at Earron and Coita, and told them about the dagger-key and how it turned into sand when Emit tried to kill him with it. Earron said excitedly, “It is a magical key.”
Coita shook his head. Despite what he’d seen, he doubted Kyhawn’s words.

CHAPTER 11:

“No—No—it can’t be …!” Washburrn pressed his hands against his face. “They’re not supposed to attack while it’s raining. Hang on, Kyhawn—I got you. Let these sea creatures have the chest! Hurry—give me your hand! No—it can’t be! Captain Joenf, Alil and Tailk. Their life boat is being attacked from all sides. We most rescue them. The ship’s passing. We’re not going to make it!”
“Wake up, Washburrn. You’re here with us.” Shellean stood at his bedside, shaking him. “It was only a dream. That’s all … a bad dream.”
Washburrn opened his eyes and tried to sit up. “My head,” he complained using his blanket to rub sweat from his face. “Bandages … what am I doing here?”
“You’ve been shot.” Shellean went for medicine and quickly returned with a cup of water mixed with herbs. “Don’t you remember?”
Washburrn slowly nodded. “Well, yes. Yes, I do remember, partly. Kyhawn—where’s Kyhawn?”
Kyhawn, who had just awakened in the bed next to him; fully dressed, he quickly went to Washburrn’s bedside and placed his hand in Washburrn’s. “I’m here,” he said with a smile, a gleam of hope in his eyes. “And so are you.”
“If my head keeps pounding,” Washburrn moaned, “I won’t be around much longer.” He gripped Kyhawn’s hand. “Good to see you’re safe.” He forced a thin smile. “But you don’t look too well.”
“I’m fine. Just a few bruises.”
Shellean handed Washburrn his medicine. “Will you please drink this before it needs stirred again?”
Before she had a chance to get another word in, Washburrn gulped it down. “What is this stuff?” he said as a bitter taste clung to his tongue.
“A mixture of plants and herbs,” Shellean answered as she glanced at Kyhawn and gave him a nod, pleased Washburrn had awakened. “It’s good for you. It will help you rest so your wound has a chance to heal.”
Washburrn leaned back, closed his eyes, and drifted off to sleep.
“That was quick.” Kyhawn turned to her. “Do you think he’s doing better?”
“It’s too early to tell, but the medicine will help. I’m doing everything I can. But it didn’t improve matters,” she gave him a harsh stare, “that you two were out in the cold rain all night.”
The kind female passenger Dellyna pushed the blanket in the doorway aside and entered. Her arms were full of clean but damp towels, which she had just taken off the line they had rigged up between two trees behind the cabin. “We should hang these up in here somewhere so they can finish drying,” she said looking at Washburrn. “How’s he doing?”
“As to be expected.” Shellean looked at her gratefully. “You’re such a help. I mean it—you are.”
Dellyna bowed modestly. “If you need to take a rest, I’d be glad to take over.”
Shellean glanced at Kyhawn, then looked at her. “I don’t know what we’d do without you. Your husband Selton has been wonderful as well.”
“It’s the least we can do. We might have all died from the flu if not for you. Go on and join the others. Get a bite to eat.”
Shellean gave the elderly lady a friendly gesture, and looked at Kyhawn, “You hungry?”
Kyhawn rubbed his belly, looked at Washburrn with concern, and then at Dellyna. “Thank you,” he said as he bowed. “You’ve certainly been helpful to me too.” He grabbed his dark orange cloak hanging next to the fireplace.
“You two run along.” Dellyna bowed as they pulled the blanket aside.
“Where is everyone?” Kyhawn shook his cloak a few times to make sure he had gotten the rest of the mud off it. He glanced at the sun almost directly above them. “Where’d you say everyone was?”
“I didn’t, but their either out gathering firewood and food or working on Tailk’s lifeboat idea.”
Kyhawn nodded toward the tree between the two cabins. “Where is he—Luxton?”
“They’ve taken him to the clearing to keep an eye on him.”
Kyhawn seemed lost in another world. Still feeling the pains from the night before, he looked at Shellean with worried eyes.
Shellean gave him a concerned look. “Are you sure you’re doing well?”
“I’ll be fine.” He looked at his boots, then slowly back up at her. “Do you realize I killed a Zac last night? I’ve never done that to anyone … ever. But I didn’t have any choice.” Kyhawn looked very bothered. “It was either him … or me.”
“I’m sure any of us would have done the same,” she said as they drew near the kitchen cabin.
Kyhawn pondered the thought. A moment later his expression changed as his cheeks flushed with anger. “One death after another—Washburrn was right—that chest has been nothing but bad luck.” Kyhawn shoved the ragged kitchen door open. “We should keep it here on the island, where no one will ever find it, ever again. Or even better, take it out to the middle of the ocean and sink it.”
“That’s not a bad idea.” She paused, then spoke sharp. “How do you think I feel about all that has happened?” Shellean wanted to make him realize he wasn’t the only one in pain. “I’m the one in charge of patching everyone’s wounds. And now Malnur … is dead.” She became quiet.
Kyhawn gave her a compassionate look, not sure what to say at first. “I’m sorry.” He paused. “Would you like to join me? I told Tailk I’d help with the lifeboats.” He sat on a stump to slip off his boots. “Though, I’d like to take a shower first,” he said as he reached for the water spout off to one side of the kitchen. He turned the rod downward to make sure it was working. He quickly turned it off with a satisfying look, and went to the bucket of drinking water setting on the edge of the fireplace, then with an empty cup he scooped up a cup full of water. “Would you like a drink?”
“Sure,” she said taking a drink then handing it to him. Kyhawn gulped the rest down. “Anyway,” he gave her a thin smile, “I feel like I need a shower, so if you don’t mind.”
“No, I don’t mind,” she stood next to the fireplace, “but what about this fruit and dragonfly soup?”
Kyhawn grabbed a piece of the fruit. “I’ll eat this while I shower,” he said as he showed her to the door.
With a bowl of soup in hand and a piece of fruit in her pocket, she returned the smile. “I’ll be outside waiting.”
While showering, Kyhawn gazed at his bracelet. He let the water run over it and down his wrist. I wonder what this key goes to? Emaya said I’d need it some day.…

*                  *                  *

When they arrived at the clearing, Tobben and Zeal were playfully sword-fighting with one another. Just down from them, Tailk, the captain, Treb, and Shanel were installing a mast in the center lifeboat. It was ingenious, Kyhawn thought as he studied the seven lifeboats loosely tied together; three made up the center, while two rested on each side. Kyhawn joined in and helped while Shellean sat near the bonfire to watch.
The time passed, and before long, the mast had been completed. The day became night as the sun began to rest on the horizon. The moment gave life to one of the most beautiful sunsets Kyhawn had ever experienced. Every color he could imagine was there as clouds spotted the sky like an artist’s unfinished painting. One Kyhawn would never forget, but like life itself, nothing lasts forever but memories we hold inside of us. He looked at Shellean and smiled. She leaned close and gave him a kiss. “Thank you for his enjoyable evening.” He continued to smile while returning the gesture.
Soon after a campfire was lit off to one side of the clearing. Many of them enjoyed the remainder of the night sharing stories about what they were going to do on their return home. While Zeal and Tobben along with Shanel sat close together enjoying Washburrn’s mogg juice, Kyhawn and Shellean were sitting on the opposite side of the campfire enjoying some of the juice as well; laughing at each others jokes as they handed the bottles around. And at Nevets bragging about the way he’d fought off one of the sea creatures. This too was quite funny until he reminded them of the sea creature that bit off his leg. A moment of silence chilled the air, when Alil, Coita and Earron had walked up the hillside from the beach and joined in on the fun. Before the night had ended two more bottles of mogg juice were empty.
The next few days flew by with much sun and only spots of rain. As Washburrn recovered, everyone able helped move the camp to the clearing. As no one knew exactly when a ship might pass, the make-do shelters near the wood shelter were strengthened for the wait. Though some of them remained at the old camp, most of them chose to camp at the clearing.
The bonfire burned strong. As Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita sat near the flames, Kyhawn drew a picture of Earron and Coita. Next he drew a few pictures of the wood shelter and some of the other Zacs. Then he drew one of Luxton, who had been tied to a stake near the center of camp. Luxton didn’t like it, but most everyone else thought he was getting more than he deserved. It was during this time Captain Joenf, Alil and Washburrn were talking about what Kyhawn had told Washburrn about leaving the chest on the island where no one would ever find it again. The captain kept the idea between them a secret.  However, he hadn’t made up his mind rather to take it with them or leave it on the island. What better place to hide the ancient artifacts, he thought. We can always come back and retrieve the chest on a ship fit for battle … if needed.
Later that evening the lifeboats were secured to some trees just down the hillside from the clearing on the white sand beach. Kyhawn tied off the last of the four ropes holding them. As he stared at the rising moon, a celebratory feast began. Before long all of them were eating; followed by many of them dancing on the beach to folk songs performed by the two musicians and their string instruments. Even the stars seemed to dance as Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita and others danced in a circle around the bonfire singing along with the music.
By this time Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita had recovered their colored stones from the waterfall lake and were telling everyone about their entire adventure at the cave. The magic of the dagger-key was described repeatedly while the copy Kyhawn had drawn of the invisible ink map was passed around. For Washburrn and Tobben had decoded the message on the map, which indicated the dagger-key would be needed to unlock yet another door behind the waterfall. Though the message didn’t say what was behind the door, an X on the map marked which waterfall it was behind. Most of them agreed there was sure to be treasure behind the waterfall, which was near the temple ruins on the far north side of the island. As the thought of discovering a treasure behind the waterfall filled their hearts with hope, the captain, Alil, Werdna, Treb, and Bekim as well as others decided to construct their own sandcastles to see if the dagger-key would return.
The captain’s eyes lit up as a sparkle of youth overtook his irritable mood. He laid his weapons aside, dropped to his knees with his empty cup in hand, and began building in the sand.
Washburrn sat with the group on the beach near the trees where they had a campfire going. As he sipped his coffee, he told them about a friend of his in Chamquinil who appraised stones. “He might even be able to sell them for you.” Suddenly he felt a sharp pain in his chest. “Too much excitement for one journey.” He chuckled, trying to ease the pain.
The captain glanced up at them with a nod as he piled sand on top of sand, then pressed one cup of sand next to another. “I sure wish there was a way to keep that dagger-key from disappearing. We need to take it with us when we leave.” He smiled. “It needs to be hidden somewhere safe, and I have the perfect place.”
“Yeah, where’s that?” Werdna wondered, along with many of them.
“At my home, in my collection of old curiosities.”
“If Dylc and Willow were with us,” Washburrn announced, “I know they’d be willing to venture to that waterfall on the far side of this island for a treasure hunt.” He spit out a zuetia leaf he’d been chewing on, took another sip of coffee, and glanced at Earron and Coita who were sitting across from him. “I’d go, but I’m afraid I better not.”
While most of the passengers remained in the clearing dreaming about going home to their lives of luxury, Kyhawn and Shellean joined in on constructing sandcastles; Zeal and Tobben next to them look over at them with a smile and a cup of sand. And as two small campfires gave light on the beach that chilly night, all of them felt younger. They started seeing who could fashion the tallest and most complex sandcastle. Even the captain continued to smile—at least until his collapsed.
“It’s been a while. What do you expect?” he asked. “We used to make them,” he held his hand out just above his head, “about this high when I was a young lad.”
The time passed, and though Zeal, Tobben’s sandcastle ended up being the tallest, Werdna’s sand boat turned out to be the most interesting. A stick for a mast and a piece of cloth for a sail gave it a charming appearance, Kyhawn thought. However, as he and Shellean sat next to their sandcastle, Kyhawn started to think again about the dagger-key. I want to know more about it. Could it be the lantern of hope? He shook off the thought and turned to Shellean, but she wasn’t there. Oh well, he thought as he went and sat next to Washburrn.
The night went on, as did the stories about how they were going to spend their loot. When the tide was starting to reach their sand sculptures, Captain Joenf looked back and forth from Werdna’s sand boat to the mast on his wrecked cruise ship, which stood only a few feet above the waves. He stared down the beach to his left, but could barely see it from where they were sitting. He couldn’t help but think about that night. He looked at those around him. “What is my wife going to say?”
For a moment, no one said a word. But as Washburrn gazed at the natural arches, the waves breaking around the ship’s mast caught his attention. His eyes followed them as they disappeared into the sand. He looked at the captain. “Joenf, by now your wife probably thinks you’re at the bottom of the ocean. Don’t worry—she’ll be pleased simply to see you alive.” He slowly broke out in laughter followed by the others.
Soon after the laughter faded into the night air, they began going back to where the sand and trees met, and their blankets awaited them. And like a boat on the high seas sailing into dreamland, one by one they slowly drifted off to sleep.

*                  *                  *

The next morning they were awakened by a drizzle. Shortly after Washburrn, Kyhawn, and many others lined the beach in search of the dagger-key. Captain Joenf reached beneath a few inches of water only a few feet away from Kyhawn and Washburrn. “Here it is!”
At that same moment Shellean was standing on the shallow cliffs, looking glass in hand. “Ship! A ship—about four miles out!”
The captain held the dagger-key firmly. “Let’s get these lifeboats in the water!” he shouted. As he started to slip the dagger-key into his pocket, he looked at Kyhawn. “No, you take it. It seems to like you. When we get aboard ship, let me know if it made it through the circumference zone Professor Romeous told us about,” Then he became his old commanding self again as he went toward the lifeboats.
Kyhawn nodded toward the captain, then looked at Washburrn, dagger-key in hand. “Know what? There’s no time left to visit the waterfall.”
“Terrific.” Washburrn shook his head. “But secure it in your pocket. Who knows, with you holding onto it, it might not turn into sand.”
Kyhawn wiped a raindrop off his face and slipped the dagger-key into a large pocket inside his dark orange cloak.
Washburrn held out his hand to let the raindrops hit his palm. “I do believe the odds are with us, Kyhawn.” He peered happily at the ship.
The moment was both disappointing and joyful for Kyhawn, as the thought of leaving penetrated his heart. Deep down he had wanted to first be able to go to the far side of the island where the invisible ink map revealed a possible treasure. If only we had more time, he thought as he looked at Washburrn. “It’s almost hard to believe we’re going home.”
Washburrn gathered his gear. “Well, let’s hope it continues to rain.”
“Wait—take care of my cabac!” Kyhawn dropped it at his feet and started for the old camp.
“Where are you rushing off too?”
“I need to get that old box.” Kyhawn told him. And before the X-detective was able to get another word in Kyhawn had disappeared into the trees.
“I hope you hid it nearby.” Washburrn stood with his arms crossed. “Darn him.”
“Luxton—he’s escaping!” Dellyna shouted. “Hurry—somebody go after him!”
Zeal dropped to the ground in pain from a blow of Luxton’s hand to his knee. He fired his pistol, but missed Luxton as he vanished into the trees.
Captain Joenf, Tobben, and Shanel quickly approached Zeal. The captain stood over him. “Let the fool go!” he shouted. “We need to get the lifeboats in the water while it’s raining.”
“Give me your hand, Zeal.” Shanel leaned over him. “We’ll have someone aboard ship take a look at your wound.”
Washburrn thought about the hollow trees behind his old sleeping space. He hurried alongside the captain. “Kyhawn’s gone to the cabins. I’m going after him,” he said as he quickly asked Werdna to join him. Seconds later Earron and Coita appeared as well. “Earron, take Kyhawn’s cabac.” Washburrn dropped it next to him.
Earron felt somewhat confused. “Where’s Kyhawn?”
“I think he’s gone back to camp for that box,” Washburrn told him as he dropped his own cabac next to Earron’s feet.
“But Luxton’s running around.” Earron’s eyes widened with fear. “Coita, take care of these cabacs,” he said as he too dropped his cabac and followed Washburrn.
“The rest of you—make ready!” the captain shouted. “Get this contraption in the water.” He hobbled alongside the lifeboats and grunted. “Why does all of this have to happen now?”
As soon as the lifeboats were in the water and the captain had taken his seat in front of the lead one, he made it clear they would wait for Washburrn, Kyhawn, Werdna, and Earron. He glanced at the ship with confidence, but patted the crystal in his pocket for good luck.
“The ship—it’s nearing awfully fast, sir,” Tuenale worried as he got on board carrying luggage for a lady passenger.
Coita sat in a lifeboat with his hands pressed to his chin and his elbows on his knees. He peered down at the two cabacs between his legs, and one on each side where he was sitting. Bekim set next to him, “Don’t worry—they’ll be here soon.”
Coita patted his cabac and stared at the trees where he had last seen Earron. “That dumb old box. It’s probably got them killed.”
Bekim and Treb tried to comfort Coita, but it didn’t seem to do much good.
Moments later Coita sat up straight, his eyes lighting up with gladness as he saw Earron and Kyhawn.
Kyhawn stumbled, dropped the old box, and hit the sand belly first. He quickly gathered its contents and jumped to his feet. Washburrn came from behind and scooped up a pink stone. “You missed this one,” he said as he handed it to Kyhawn. Werdna followed right behind them holding his arm close to his breast. Washburrn turned to help him. “With any luck, your pellet will be the end of him.”
“That’s not going to heal me,” Werdna moaned.
The captain waved his looking glass above his head, “Let’s get this contraption out to sea.”
Soon after, the lifeboats rocked in harmony with the shallow waves. It seemed the Lords of the Universe had granted their wish for a steady rain.
“Did you guys see Luxton?” Coita asked as he set Earron’s cabac in front of him.
 “I didn’t, but Werdna said he shot him.” Earron shoved his cabac between his legs and patted the stones inside.
“He hit Werdna in the wrist,” Kyhawn said as he gazed at Werdna and Nevets in the lifeboat one over from them. “Not sure how bad it is. But I don’t think we’ll be seeing Luxton again.” He held the old box under his cloak and placed an arm on the ledge behind Earron. He smiled at Shellean, who was in a lifeboat next to him, then leaned closer to Washburrn and whispered, “What about the peg-lock chest,” he looked around, “I don’t see it …? Did the captain decide to let it remain here after all?”
Washburrn slowly nodded. “We thought it’d be best, but I’m not so sure now.”
As Kyhawn thought about all the horror it had caused, Washburrn started to have thoughts about retiring again, and moving somewhere where there was only peace and quiet. And even though, deep down, Kyhawn had mixed feelings about rather they should have left the chest on the island, he felt uneasy about what was inside the chest. He also felt the island was most likely as safe a place as any to hide the ancient artifacts. On the other hand he knew Luxton had been shot, but was he dead?
Washburrn looked at Kyhawn. “Don’t look so disappointed. At least you have the colored stones, and this box to take home with you.” He patted Kyhawn’s cabac, feeling the jagged edges of the stones inside. “You’re wealthy now,” he said as he turned to have a word with Tailk.
Kyhawn took the dagger-key from his pocket. He rolled it over in his hands pushing inward on the large center jewel; first he pushed the wings upward, then to its sides again. He knew the dagger-key most likely carried some sort of powers that might later help save their world from evildoers. But he didn’t know why or how to use its powers.
“Move those oars!” the captain shouted as he thought about the Caytona plate and the missing piece from his small chest. It’s most likely in that temple ruin. At least I know where to find it … if we were to ever need it. He gripped the ledge with one hand while his other hand held the crystal. Then as the rain started to thin out, he let loose of the crystal and reached for his looking glass.
Many of them looked fearful. But Kyhawn continued to fool with the dagger-key as Earron and Coita watched closely. All three of them seemed obsessed by its possibilities. Kyhawn was pushing in on the small jewels that decorated its hilt when surprisingly, the jewel at the end of the hilt popped loose. He tried to pull the jewel from the hilt, but it wouldn’t budge.
Earron reached over and placed his hand on the jewel. “Twist it off.”
Kyhawn quickly placed his hand over Earron’s hand. Together they discovered yet another key attached to the jewel, hidden within its hilt. “Wild—another one.” Earron smiled. “I wonder what it goes to.”
Coita shrugged with a dreamy smile. “Who knows?”
Suddenly Dellyna and her husband Selton cut themselves free, taking with them much of the supplies and luggage, and began steering back toward the island.
“Well, I’ll be—what are they doing?” Alil looked baffled.
“My jewels!” cried a passenger.
“Dellyna …?” Shellean couldn’t believe her eyes.
“And it’s almost stopped raining!” Malla cried, her husband Kyltic holding her close.
All eyes were on Dellyna and Selton as they hurried toward the island. Seconds later it did stop raining. And after another few seconds had elapsed, a tentacle appeared and arched high above them slamming hard into the water next to them.
Dellyna screamed. A tentacle grabbed Selton while yet another crashed down on their lifeboat. Their screams slowly died as their lifeboat sank.
Another tentacle arched high above the group of lifeboats and slapped the water hard near the end lifeboat. The captain slammed the crystal against the bench plank, shouted the magic word, and quickly tossed it overboard.
Two tentacles came out of the water and drew near them, one with a snake face. Its mouth opened wide as it went toward Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita. three or four shouts were fired from their group.
A split second later a large creature with a long and narrow armor-plated body, transparent wings, large yellow eyes, and ten long slimy legs emerged from the deep: followed by seven more strange Sydallon creatures ready to defend them.
The first of them to emerge grabbed hold of the snake face tentacle, opened its mouth, and ripped its head off. The tentacle slapped around blindly in the water, showering them with its blood. Its head dropped near Shellean’s feet. The terrifying creature’s mouth was wide open. She screamed The headless tentacle hit the lifeboats and vanished beneath the waves. Tailk, sitting next to Shellean, plunged his dagger deep into its skull and slung it overboard.
Zeal’s pistol fired. Hitting his target, a headed tentacle.
A Sydallon grabbed the sea monster’s long tentacle pulling it into the sky. But it was too much for only one Sydallon to lift. A second Sydallon flue over to help, when the body of the sea monster hit the lifeboats, Zeal had drawn his sword and slashed the tentacle free from its body. Tobben and Shanel sat on both side of Zeal, holding on to him, to keep him from falling overboard. In the meantime the two Sydallons had the sea monster in the air away from the lifeboats ripping it apart with their large slimy razor like claws.
On the other side of them, two more Sydallons dove underwater and attacked the sea monster forcing it away from the lifeboats; ripping it to pieces as well.
Tentacles were wildly flying around dropping off into the waters beneath. One headed tentacle managed to clamp hard on a Sydallon’s neck, trying to rip its throat, but the scales were too thick for the headed tentacle to penetrate.
As the body of the sea monster fell back into the water, a tentacle gripped hard on the wings of a Sydallon. Coiling around its wings the sea monster took it under water with it.
It seemed the Sydallons were tiring. “The spells not going to last forever,” Nevets cried. He drew close to his brother and tossed his dagger at a tentacle slamming the water nearby.
A large snake-like face reared over Treb and Bekim. They held each other close as it went through them like a ghost.
With each passing wave, the island had started to disappear. Kyhawn thought it was like a ghost ship standing in the aftermath of dawn. “We’re almost beyond the circumference zone,” he said as he held the dagger-key.
At the same moment Kyhawn was holding the dagger-key, Earron held the jewel with the small key. They both felt a strangeness in their hands as each of them watched the keys turn to sand and disappear. Coita leaned into Kyhawn and Earron, his hands over his head, when yet another ghostly tentacle came down over them and disappeared.
Moments later the crew aboard ship let them know they had been sighted. Like a field of wild flowers shining in the morning sunlight, their eyes blossomed with hope.
When only twenty-six feet lay between the lifeboats and the main deck, nets and ropes were draped portside creating a gateway to their freedom. Kyhawn, Zeal, Alil, and Treb grasped the ropes to steady themselves as they knew the slightest mistake could still cause another death.
Along with much struggle and effort, soon most everyone had reached the main deck. While the captain, Kyhawn, and Tobben hung over the side, the lifeboats departed with the waves. Moments later they were safely aboard.
“Kyhawn,” the captain said anxious to know, “the dagger-key—do you have it?”
“No,” Kyhawn lowered his dead with disappointment. “It turned into sand just as the Sydallons and those sea creatures disappeared.”
The captain, not wanting to reveal everything he thought he might possibly know about the dagger-key to Kyhawn, kept his thoughts about it to himself. He took Kyhawn by the shoulders. “It’s best we keep this quiet for the time being.”
“I’ll do my best, sir.” He said, quickly letting him know he had found a small key contained within the hilt.
The captain nodded. “So you did …?” he questioned as if finding the small key didn’t surprise him none. “Keep it quiet as well.” He patted Kyhawn’s shoulder.
Kyhawn bowled respectfully. “You have my silence, sir.”
One of the crew members aboard the rescue ship gave them a compassionate look, then asked for everyone’s attention, “Let’s get the rest of you inside.”
A passenger from aboard ship asked, “What were you Zacs doing way out here?”
“It’s a mighty long story ma’am,” Tailk remarked. He adjusted his eye patch as they were being escorted inside.
Suddenly Captain Joenf saw a familiar face. Captain Owem greeted him, “Captain Joenf—well … well … well …” He clung to his shoulders. “We thought you had gone to sea heaven—or sea hell,” he chuckled, quickly adding. “What happened? And where’s your ship?”
Captain Joenf embraced his fellow captain. “You’re not going to believe me,” he said as they backed off to have a long look at one another. He gazed at his old friend with tired eyes. “But what do you say I tell you anyways over a hot drink?”
“Sure,” Captain Owem replied. “You’re standing here, which after all we’ve heard, is hard enough in itself for me to believe. We almost didn’t take this route after hearing stories about what happened when Sheriff Nossgon and his crew went searching for you. But then you know how rumors can get around.” He smiled, throwing his arm around Captain Joenf. “Come with me to my quarters and tell me everything.”
In the meantime Kyhawn and Washburrn stood next to one of the many windows in an enormous lounge where most of the survivors were resting. They were talking about Washburrn’s wound when Shellean approached. “You’re bleeding, Washburrn. Take off your shirt and let me have a look at it.”
Werdna and Nevets sat on the opposite side of the room while a nurse tended their injuries. While the female nurse was tending Werdna’s wound, Nevets was busy examining her with his eyes. She look at him, noticing he only had one leg. “Oh… you poor darling. How did you loose your leg?”
Nevets went on bragging bout the way he had saved his comrades while fighting off terrible sea serpents. “My leg will grow back, but if it hadn’t been for me everyone would have died.”  Werdna laid his head to the table, then his elbows with his hand wrapped around his head, thinking, that’s not how it was at all. He chuckled to himself.
Seconds later Earron looked up angrily at everyone, “My stones—my colored stones—someone’s taken them and put sand in their place!” He emptied out his cabac full of sand onto the hardwood floor, then slammed the cabac on top of the sand. He looked at Coita, then around the room. All eyes were on him, dumbfounded.
“Don’t look at me that way,” Coita said. “I didn’t take them. I’ve got plenty of my own.” He slung off his cabac, shaking it at him with both hands. But it didn’t feel right. He dropped it and ripped it open. “All right—who’s the thief?” He emptied his cabac in a rage.
“Dellyna and Selton—they must have taken our stones!” Earron told him. “That’s why they left.”
“Yeah—it had to have been them,” Coita agreed, looking vengeful.
“Kyhawn, look in your cabac and see if you have any colored stones,” Earron demanded.
While he kept helping Shellean with Washburrn’s bandages, Kyhawn’s dream flashed within his mind’s eye. The look on his face was a dreadful one. “My hands are full.” He kicked his cabac toward Earron, not saying a word.
Earron grabbed his cabac and dumped it onto the floor. “Sand—all you have is sand!”
“I know mine were in there.” Kyhawn frowned. “I remember Washburrn and I were talking about that che … anyway, we were talking, and when he said something about at least we had the colored stones, I leaned down and patted them. I could feel their jagged edges under the canvas of my cabac. I even gave one to Shellean for good luck. And that was right before Dellyna and Selton cut the ropes on their lifeboat to return to the island. Anyway, they were never in the lifeboat we were in. They couldn’t have taken them.” He slowly walked over to his piles of sand. “What’s going on here?” He got on his knees and grabbed a handful of sand. As he let it run through his fingers, his heart flooded with broken dreams.
Everyone looked at one another wondering what had happened to their colored stones if Dellyna and Selton hadn’t taken them.
“Beats me,” one elderly wealthy Zac said to another.
“If someone else stole them, then they’re still aboard ship,” another said.
“What happened is impossible if the lads have had their cabacs with them the entire time since we left the island,” Kyltic said as he held his wife Malla close with his good arm.
Washburrn slipped his shirt over his head, “Shellean, what did you do with the stone Kyhawn gave you?”
Shellean put her hand in her pocket and pulled out a hanky, but found in it only wet sand. She looked disappointed. “I don’t understand.” She let the hanky dangle between her fingertips for all to see.
“It’s as if the stones turned into sand …” Washburrn raised an eyebrow and sat back in his seat, baffled by his own words.
“The stones did always turn into sand in your dreams,” Earron reminded Kyhawn.
“Yeah … and we could have been killed in that weird cave. For what—a bunch of sand?” Coita kicked Kyhawn’s cabac.
Kyhawn had his hand over chin as he paced the floor. “It doesn’t make any sense. The stones in my dreams did turn into sand, but they also turned back into stones again.”
Alil entered the room, and heard the news. “Well I never …” she stood nearby and glanced at the puzzled faces around her.
Treb picked up Kyhawn’s cabac. “Surly they couldn’t have turned to sand. That only happens in fairy-tales.”
One of the ship’s crew-Zacs entered the room. “Look—I don’t know anything about any stones, and I’m really sorry something happened to them, but who’s going to clean up this mess?”
Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita gave the Zac the ugliest looks one could possibly imagine.
“One of you is going to clean this mess up.” As he excused himself, they heard him mumbling, “You try and be kind to strangers. Even save their miserable lives. And all you get for thanks is rudeness.”
Kyhawn crouched next to his sandpile. “I want to know what happened to the stones.” He grabbed his cabac, kicked the sand, and turned to Washburrn.
“You know, Kyhawn,” Washburrn remarked. “It is possible the stones can only exist on the island. It’s only a theory, as you might say.” He gestured toward them. “Don’t get me wrong— I’m not trying to mock you, Kyhawn, but it’s the only explanation I can think of that makes any sense.” He turned to Alil who was now sitting at a nearby table. “Stranger things did happen on that island.”
Alil squinted. “Considering what we’ve experienced in the last few weeks … I don’t know what to think.”
Another one of the ship’s crew-Zacs came in. “Mid-morning meal is being served.”
With many of them envisioning a tasty meal, a hot bath, and a soft bed, their thoughts turned to the invitation. The room seemed to get larger as many of them followed the crew-Zac down a long corridor to a dining room.
Coita and Earron remained in the lounge room for the moment and sat at a table together  staring out a window. As the waves passed beneath them, their dreams faded.
“Where are you going, Zeal?” Washburrn asked.
“To feed my body. Let’s face it, Zacs—the stones are gone, Dellyna and Selton are gone, the island’s gone, and so is that chest. There’s nothing we can do, unless you want to go back there.” He limped toward the dining room saying softly, “Dylc’s gone… Willow’s gone… Willow….” Head low, he departed the room.
“I hate to say it, but I believe he’s right.” Washburrn rose from a bench and went to catch up with him and the others.
“I’m sorry the stones didn’t make it through that … circumference zone, Kyhawn,” Shellean sighed. “I know you had some very special plans for you and your mother.” She knelt to pick up his old wooden box.
Kyhawn spoke sharply, “Don’t touch that!”
She took a seat across from him. “It’s not my fault those stones turned into sand. I was hoping you’d come and get something to eat. It’s not like you to miss a meal.”
Kyhawn frowned. Shellean leaned close. “Please, it’ll do you some good. Some dry garments wouldn’t hurt you any either.”
Kyhawn looked at Earron and Coita. “Are you guys hungry? There’s nothing else we can do, unless you want to clean up this mess.”
They looked at one another. Coita shrugged, “Earron, we better eat all the rich food we can while we’re here.”
Earron nodded. “Yeah, because when we return it’s back to the old shack and working for the local fisher-Zacs.”
“We could talk their captain into letting us have some glassware.” Coita rose. “You know, for souvenirs.”
“Sure, whatever …” Earron gave him a friendly slap on the shoulder.
Kyhawn looked at Shellean. “I’ll take that, if you don’t mind.”
“I wasn’t going to drop it, if that’s what you’re implying,” She exclaimed, shoving it towards him.
“Sorry, it’s just … this box is all we have left from the island.”
“You have your drawings, don’t you?”
“Yes, I tucked what remains of them into my trousers.” He raised his shirt up, pulled them out, shook the dampness off, and reached for his cabac. “I’m ready,” he said as they emptied the lounge area.
Moments later after walking down the long corridor they in the large dining area. It was  beautiful, Kyhawn thought. But he felt anything but beautiful as they entered through a set of stained glass doors, framed in wood, into an elongated room with high ceiling beams and five oil burning chandlers. Bay windows lined the portside while paintings covered the opposite side. Rows of bolted-down tables occupied the scarred wooden floor. A set of doors swung back and forth at the far end which led into the kitchen.
As the sounds of dinnerware and chatting echoed through the room, the time passed. About an hour later Kyhawn, Shellean, Earron, and Coita found themselves alone next to a bay window. Kyhawn slid his empty plate aside and set the old wooden box on the table.
“Are you hiding something in there?” Shellean put down her cup of juice.
“Nothing that matters, anyway, I guess.” Kyhawn tapped the lid. “It’s just the stones we had in here.”
Coita waved his hand in Kyhawn’s face, “I bet you two glass jars all you find in there is sand.”
“Aren’t you going to open it?” Impatiently Earron started to reach for the box.
When Kyhawn lifted the lid, his eyes widened with surprise.
Earron, Coita, and Shellean leaned in, their eyes filled with wonder when they too saw at least twelve colored stones. Kyhawn held them in his hand. “Wait a minute—there were more of them in here.” He ran his fingers through some sand. “What’s this sand doing …?”
“But I thought …” Shellean began.
“Shhh.” Kyhawn placed his hand over Shellean’s mouth and whispered, “Don’t say a word.”
“But this doesn’t make any sense,” Earron said.
Kyhawn placed his hand over the box. “I don’t know why some of these stones didn’t make it while most of them did, but for now I don’t think we should say anything to anyone.”
He reached inside and picked up a few stones again. “These stones have rounded edges.”
Shellean asked. “Why should that make any difference?”
“The ones we found in the cave had jagged edges.” Kyhawn pondered this along with the rest of them.
Coita remembered a stone he had placed in a hidden pocket, which they had found the night Kyhawn had been taken by the Grongels. His eyes lit up as he laid it on the table and explained where it had come from. “With all of the stones we had between us, I didn’t think much of it until now. And look—It has rounded edges too,” he noted, perplexed by the entire ordeal. “I don’t understand.”
Kyhawn looked at Earron. “Neither do I.”
Earron clutched the stone Coita had laid on the table, lowered his head, and slowly looked at them. “I wish I knew.”
Kyhawn leaned close and whispered, “These stones must be different or they would have turned into sand as well.”
They looked at each other mystified.
Earron laid his head on the table and looked out the window. “Sure would have been nice to have a full cabac of these stone….”
“At east you guys have something. Which is more then you thought you had a few minutes ago,” Shellean reminded them.
As they moaned about their losses, and eventually excepted their small gain, time slipped away as fast as the waves moved beneath them. Before leaving the dining room, Kyhawn gave Earron and Coita ten stones to share between them. while he placed the two remaining stones in the old wooden box, His two younger friends got up to depart the dining room. Earron stopped and turned. “Thanks again, Kyhawn,” he smiled.
Coita nodded, “Yeah, thanks. You’re not such a bad guy after all.”
Kyhawn laid his head on the old box and stared out the window. “What now?” He gave Shellean a broken look.
“First of all, that was real nice, you giving them those stones, and only keeping two for yourself. Second, I heard there was a mystery play tonight in their entertainment room. What do you say?”
“Sure, why not?” Kyhawn reached for his parchment pad of drawings. While he showed her some of his drawings his thoughts drifted to the dagger-key.
The dagger-key, thought Earron, as Coita and he stood outside next to the railing and watched the waves pass beneath them. Earron reached into his pocket for his colored stones. “Hold these for me.”
Coita unbuttoned his pocket and gently laid them beside his own stones. “What’s wrong with your pockets?”
“Nothing,” Earron said. “I want to do something different with my life.” He gazed at the waves passing beneath them.
Coita looked baffled. “I thought you liked the sea. I thought we were going to save our tiallup and buy a fishing boat. Be our own bosses.” Coita took two colored stones from his pocket. “These stones—we could sell them to that friend of Washburrn’s and get a fishing boat of our own.”
“Coita, a lot has happened since we left Omakohak.” Earron took a deep breath. “I’ve been doing a lot of thinking about us buying that boat.” He stared out at the ocean. “The truth is … I’ve changed my mind. I want to go to trade school in Chamquinil and become a certified officer of the law. Pays better if you have military training.”
“I should have known Kyhawn would be a part of this! He talked you into this, didn’t he?”
“Trade school is my own decision. I wanted to tell you first.”
“Sure you did. I bet he talked you into this—him and that Washburrn guy.”
“Honest, Kyhawn and I did talk about this, but you’re the first one I’ve said anything to about it since I’ve made up my mind. You’re the only real family I got, Coita.” Earron looked sincere as he patted Coita’s shoulder. “We’ve done everything together.”
Coita pulled away. “Then why don’t you stay and keep the promise we made together? We even spit on it and shook hands.”
Earron looked down, avoiding eye contact. “I’m sorry, but I want to go places in the same way Washburrn went places.”
“We go places. We go hunting. We ride horses when we get a chance. And we go fishing almost every day. What’s wrong with fishing?”
“Nothing much, except … that’s not what I want to do.” Earron turned with his back to the ocean and crossed his arms.
Coita stared out at the horizon, feeling his life was sinking into the waves.
Earron had a lump of sadness in his throat. “If I stay in Omakohak, I’ll never get anywhere, or have time for anything but fishing. Can’t you understand?”
Tears began to accumulate in Coita’s eyes. He held the colored stones and made a fist at Earron. “I should toss these overboard.” He stormed off. I knew Kyhawn would try and break up our friendship.
“Coita,” Earron called after him, “please come back and finish listening to what I have to say.”
Although Coita felt a twinge of doubt, he continued to walk.
“Wait up, Coita, please …” Earron followed. “When you’re old enough, you can attend classes too if you want. And learn to read. You could learn to read.”
Coita stopped and faced him. “I don’t want to go there, or go to any school! I like fishing! I thought you liked fishing! I guess you think you’re too good to fish anymore.”
“It’s not that at all. I like fishing, but I want something better for myself, and for you— that’s if you’re willing.”
“Go to school … see if I care.” He frowned. “I can take care of myself.”
Earron held the railing and watched Coita until he disappeared through a side door. He lowered his head and turned outward facing the horizon. The thought of leaving Coita behind disturbed him immensely.
As the thought of leaving Coita behind lingered on, their dreams together had indeed turned into sand like the colored stones had turned into sand left on the floor to be swept away.
Later that night, while Kyhawn stood alone near the bow, Washburrn approached him. He noted the younger Zac’s long look and clapped him on the shoulder. “I heard about the stones. It was decent of you to give most of them to Earron and Coita.”
Kyhawn went on to explain the difference between the stones that made it out of the circumference zone as compared to those that turned into sand.
Washburrn slowly nodded. “Yeah, I know … baffles me too. But what do you say we go and enjoy that play?”
Kyhawn shrugged, both hands in his pockets. “Why not? Shellean and Earron along with Treb and Bekim are already inside.”
“What about Coita?”
“Not sure where he is. Maybe inside with them. That’s if he and Earron have made up.”
Washburrn nodded as if he didn’t know what Kyhawn was talking about. “Well, okay, let’s get out of this rain anyway.” He reached behind Kyhawn and slung his hood over his head. Kyhawn’s wet hair hung in his face. Washburrn stood in front of him. “About time for a haircut, don’t you think?”
Kyhawn wrapped his arm around Washburrn and ran his fingers over Washburrn’s whiskers. “About time for a shave, don’t you think?” They both let out a laugh as they neared the double doors opening into a wide but short corridor. But as they approached a fancy wooden staircase, similar to the one on the Sealander, Kyhawn turned to Washburrn. “Actually I think I’d rather be alone.”
Washburrn clapped him on the shoulder. “It’ll work out. There’ll be other adventures.”
Kyhawn stepped back a few feet. “What do you mean—it will work out? There were two murders! Then we get shipwrecked with three groups of idiots trying to kill us for a chest full of ancient artifacts, with a dagger-key that kept disappearing. And we weren’t even supposed to know anything about any of this!”
“Hold on,” Washburrn pleaded. “You just hold on there.”
Kyhawn headed for the double doors, turned, and looked straight into his brown eyes. “You were almost killed. Earron, Shellean, and Coita could have gotten killed. I lost track of how many Zacs actually were killed! And to my surprise—some high priest wants me dead!”
“Just hold on there!” Washburrn repeated as he drew near.
“On the day we’re rescued, our stones turn to sand. There went our taste of wealth,” he slung his hands in the air, “and our dreams.”
Washburrn stood at the double doors letting Kyhawn’s words flow right through him. Perhaps I should just let him get this off his mind.
Kyhawn’s face raged with pain for those who had died. “Sure—sure everything’s going to be fine … just fine. Sure after those Grongels hunt us down to try and discover the whereabouts of that chest.”
“Now you listen here, young Zac!” Washburrn had never seen Kyhawn so angry.
“No—you listen! I say we go after these Grongels before they come after us. And you know something else? I wish I’d never made that comment about leaving that chest on the island. I think we made a terrible mistake leaving it there for those radicals to find.” He slammed the doors behind him. “And that dagger-key … we need that dagger-key,” he muttered to himself. “I don’t know why just yet, but we need it.”
Washburrn shoved open a door. “Where do you think you’re going?”
Kyhawn took a deep breath. “I just want to be left alone. I’m going to the far end, the stern,” he said more quietly as he headed around the corner and down the walkway. He glanced at the railing to his left and then at the sleeping rooms to his right. The oil lamps between the rooms gave light to the otherwise dark rainy night. He pulled his hood forward and clutched the old box under his dark orange cloak.
Washburrn stood at the corner for a moment, then followed him. Kyhawn stood in the shadows against a beam underneath the second floor walkway.
Washburrn cleared his throat. “Kyhawn, okay, perhaps I was wrong. Perhaps I don’t know how you feel. You’ve every right to be angry, but hopefully you’ve now gotten it out of your system.” He eased closer. “I couldn’t agree with you more that things have turned out a bit on the dark side. But this is your first time out, and you must admit you’ve gotten a lot more experience than most Zacs your age get in … fifteen assignments.”
Kyhawn sat the box aside, and came out from the shadows to face him.
While the ship gently rocked, Washburrn leaned on a beam next to him. As Washburrn stared at him, Kyhawn gave him an unfriendly look. “I thought you wanted to watch that play.”
“It’s obvious you’re angry, but you don’t have to take it out on me.” Washburrn stiffened. “If you’re going to stick with this job, you need to toughen up. And get used to the fact … good guys don’t always win.”
“Like you’ve plainly stated before, it’s not over yet.” However, Kyhawn’s expression softened to something more apologetic. “I’m not blaming you for anything, and I’m sorry if it sounds like I am.”
Washburrn nodded, noting a bit of hope in Kyhawn’s large brown eyes.
“Could you please just go and enjoy that play without me? I’d like to be alone.”
If ever someone could look both melancholy and hopeful, Kyhawn did as he placed one hand over his chin and the other under his elbow. It was as if the one was supporting the other.
Their eyes met as if Kyhawn looked directly into Washburrn’s soul. With a somber but understanding look, Washburrn granted his request to be alone.
“It’s not raining too badly now. I’ll be inside later.” Kyhawn went out into the rain. With his gloves on, he positioned both hands on the railing. He glanced over his shoulder at the small box resting next to a beam beneath the second floor walkway, and then looked at Washburrn, only to see his back side.
As waves of sadness overwhelmed the moment, Washburrn turned to see Kyhawn staring at the ocean. He wanted to embrace him, but instead he turned again and left him alone as he had requested.
“Washburrn, what are you doing out in this rain?” Alil asked, exiting from a nearby door.
“Kyhawn and I were talking. He could use some cheering up, but for now he’d rather be left alone…. He’ll be okay.”
“I heard the commotion in the lobby. It can happen to anyone, knowing what we’ve all been through. He’s a good zac, and will most likely live to tell some stories such as the ones you’re always telling,” she touched his upper arm.
Washburrn nodded. “I hope so. He needs to toughen up thought.”
“With your help and wisdom he will,” she smiled. “Would you like to join me? I’m going to the play. It’s a mystery, you’ll like it.”
“I was headed that way,” Washburrn slightly bowed. “You sure look nice.”
“Thank you,” she said, thinking for a moment she turned to him as they walked. “It’s a shame about the stones.”
“There’s nothing we can do about it now. At least they have more of those stones then they began this journey with,” he answered, trying to shake off the thought. “What about this play? Fill me in on what’s happen so far.”
As they walked down the fancy staircase into the lobby and then the entertainment room, the only sounds that could be heard were coming from the stage. “I heard the play had a surprise ending,” Alil said.
“Well don’t tell me, or it wont be a surprise,” Washburrn slightly smiled.
“I don’t even know myself,” she said, pointing at a couple of empty seats next to Earron, Coita and Shellean.
Once Earron had heard the new about Kyhawn, he waited a while trying to enjoy the play, but excused himself before the play was over. “Where you going?” Coita asked, “The play isn’t over. You’re going to miss the best part.”
“I’ll see you later,” he said as he departed and went topside. By this time the storm had passed, but when he went to the location Washburrn said Kyhawn should be, there wasn’t anyone there. “Kyhawn, Kyhawn where are you?” Earron looked down at the corner of the building where a crewzac was making his rounds inspecting the oil lamps. The crew-Zac nodded with a friendly smile and continued on.
A voice called out. “Over here Earron.”
“You startled me,” the crew-Zac almost dropped his barrel of oil.
Kyhawn spoke in a soft tone. “Sorry sir, didn’t mean to.”
The crew-Zac let out a slight chuckle, “It’s quite alright, I needed the fright. I only woke up less then ten minutes ago. I had night shift last night and...” The crew-Zac sensed the gloomy look on Kyhawn, “Much warmer inside,” he said as he continued his duties.
While Kyhawn sat, legs crossed, half hidden by the shadows of a beam supporting part of the second floor walkway, Earron slowly approached.
“I’m fine Earron,” Kyhawn said, a tranquil quality in his tone. “Anyway how was the play?”
“The play... Okay.”
Kyhawn sat quietly looking up at him.
“I haven’t ever seen a live play before, neither has Coita. I’d like to see more of them in the future. With the music playing and the people acting all at the same time, it was pretty wild, to tell you the truth.”
“I’m glad you got the opportunity. They have them quite often at Chamquinil Trade School.” Kyhawn paused for a moment. “I guess Washburrn told you I was here.”
“He did.”
Kyhawn stared at the deck.
Earron crouched a few feet from him. “Between us we got the stones and that old box, and them old navigating tool. They won’t make us wealthy, but at least it’s something.” He noted the box beside Kyhawn. “I know you better than most. There’s something else, isn’t there? There’s something you’re not telling.”
Kyhawn took a deep breath, and slowly let it out. “It’s just that I was hoping we could finish our adventure to the far side of those ruins, the waterfalls. The only way colored stones, or rock of any nature can become smooth is when they’re worn by much water over a long period of time.”
“Yah so what’s your point?”
“Nothing, it doesn’t matter now,” Kyhawn frowned.
“I get yah .” Earron thought for a moment, “You’re thinking that there must be more of them rounded stones somewhere near water where that X was marked on that invisible ink map.” His eyes lit up. “But that’s all… ‘what if ’ stuff—it’s too late now.” He paused. “I’ve been thinking, we should be thankful we’re alive. And by the way. I hope you don’t mind, but I gave my stones to Coita.” He went on to tell Kyhawn he was going to attend trade school.
Kyhawn nodded, “That’s nice, you’ll like it there.” He frowned. “But all of those stones turning into sand…? And that dagger-key… I wish I could be holding it right now.”
“We didn’t have anything when we left Omakohak, and we don’t have much more now. But Coita can at least purchase his own boat with them stones. And better yet…we have each other, you, me, and Coita.” Earron smiled. “And what about our adventure? There’s no way our thoughts of what happened to us out there on the island will ever turn into sand!”
While Kyhawn placed his hands over the box, not saying a word, Earron positioned his hands on the deck. Kyhawn’s elbows pressed to his knees, and his hands to his chin. “I guess you can say all that has happened along with the stones turning into sand is what caused me to go off like I did with Washburrn.”
“Washburrn told me the detail.”
“This hasn’t exactly been a joy ride,” Kyhawn tapped his long blueish fingers on the old box.
Earron dropped to the deck with is legs out and his arms behind him. He turned his head from side to side.
Kyhawn stared at the deck muttering, “Those stones could have made life easier for you and myself, Coita too.”
“If you mean the ones that turned into sand.”
Kyhawn nodded. “I do.”
Earron thought for a moment. “Coita and I could have gotten a nice place in town.” He smiled a dreamy look. “Heck—I wonder if we could have bought one of them castles in town, and fixed it up.”
Kyhawn gave him a slight smile. “Maybe.” His smile faded. “Oh what difference does it make… there gone.”
They became quiet for a moment as the waves passed beneath them, and the lamps burned to give life to the shadows of that night.
“Kyhawn—” Earron broke the silence. “even though we came out of this without our cabacs stuffed with colored stones, which we hadn’t planed on finding in the first place, at least we can say one thing positive.”
“What’s that?”
“How many zac can say they’ve been on an invisible island and seen sea monsters that could suck your insides out? And look at the wild adventures we went on! Hey, and what about the sandcastles and the dagger-key? Who can say they’ve done all of this? No one, except us!” Earron gestured his arms out. “No one but us—and them magic crystals. What about them Sydallons…?”
Kyhawn leaned forward from behind the dark shadows, a slight smile. “You’re right about that.”
“What about you getting kidnapped…?” Earron’s eyes widened with a sense of fear. “Tied to an altar by those Grongel’s….”
“We did make it out alive.”
Earron chuckled, “I’d say we did. And here we are,” he said with a cheer.
“I don’t know what I’d done if one of those sea creature pulled you under. I would have probably jumped in after you,” Kyhawn’s melancholy mood slowly changed to one of thankfulness.
Earron grinned. “Maybe some day I’ll become a writer and write a story about the last three weeks.”
“I wasn’t aware you liked to write,” Kyhawn chuckled. “Earron the writer.” “While you’ve been off to trade school I’ve been doing a little writing. Think about it, I could use you as the main character.”
Kyhawn jokingly remarked, “Fine with me, you’re the one writing this story. But don’t forget to exaggerate my part.”
“Some... maybe.”  A moment of nostalgic sprung from Earron’s lips. “Hey—remember when we were younger and you use to swing me around. Then we’d both end up swinging around and around. You’d pretend we were some sort of flying machine. You’d laugh and say we’re flying. We’re flying. Then one of us would let go of the other causing us to both fall on our rear-ends?”
Kyhawn smiled and slowly got to his feet. “If I remember correctly I was the one who fell the most,” he chuckled. “Why are you bringing that up? You’ve already succeeded in doing what you came out here for.”
“What—what you talking about?” Earron got to his feet, grinning. “I only came out here to see if it had... stopped raining.”
Kyhawn grabbed hold of Earron’s hands before he had a chance to know what was going on, and began to swing him around. “You mean like this,” Kyhawn said as they moved in circles six to eight times before Earron let go laughing as Kyhawn landed on his rear-end.
“I mean like that,” Kyhawn said as they continued laughing. A moment later while they sat on the deck a few passengers walked up on them from around the corner talking to each other about the play.
Earron said joyfully, “Hello.” One of them said hello while the others politely nodded, smiling and looking at one another as they passed. “Come-on Kyhawn, let’s see if we can get you dried off,” Earron gave him a hand up. “We both need some drying off.”
Kyhawn chuckled, “You don’t look so pretty either. We could both use a save.”
“I think it rains out here the same as on the island, off and on,” Earron laughed as they walked alongside one another. When they entered the lounge. The fireplaces were burning, and three of the band members were entertaining everyone. After standing near the door for a few minutes they approach Captain Joenf, and Owem who were relaxing at one of the tables.
“Captain Joenf,” Kyhawn asked, “would it be alright if Earron and I used the fireplace in your room to dry our clothes off?”
The Captain thought for a moment, glanced at Captain Owem. With a friendly smile Joenf looked at them, “Go on, and use the tub if you want.”
While Earron and Kyhawn were leaving Captain Joenf looked around at the others sitting at the table with him. “He’s a darn dependable zac, hard worker, even though he likes to venture a lot.” He chuckled. “But than when I was his age so did I.”
With a slight grin Alil squinted her lips, “You still do.”
Kyhawn and Earron looked around for Coita before leaving the lounge. “I don’t see him anywhere either,” Earron said.
“His loss, not ours,” Kyhawn said as they headed down the hallway. “I heard from Coita, you made up your mind about going to trade school. He wasn’t too pleased with me when he spoke about it either," Kyhawn opened the door. “At first he blamed Washburrn and myself for talking you into changing your mind. I had to explain to him that it wasn’t my nor Washburrn’s idea.”
Earron closed the door. “It’s nice and warm in here.”
Kyhawn lay the old box on the large fancy bed, laid his cabac near the fireplace, then draped his cloak over a chair next to it.
Earron followed placing his coat over the chair next to Kyhawn’s. “The maid must had been here already, and this fire, it sure feels nice and warm,” he stood in front of it with his hands out to his side.
“Would you put some more wood in the fire Earron, please,” Kyhawn crouched next to his cabac, taking out his parchment pads, then laid them at the foot of the chair to dry off the dampness. Earron chuckle with delight, sitting on the edge of the bed, while Kyhawn stood next to the stone fireplace and took off his shirt, draping it over the seat of the chair.
“This bed sure is nice and soft,” Earron lay back. “And this old box sure has seen it’s better days,” he said opening it. “I bet you two glass jars these navigating tools are worth something.”
“Nothing compared to what those stones might have brought us,” Kyhawn, disgusted by the thought, placed his worn-out slacks next to his shirt, walked into the bathroom and turned on the bathtub water.
“I’ll try and explained to Coita again, you two didn’t have anything to do with me changing my mind. I only hope he’ll be able to make it without me,” Earron laid on the bed, his hands behind his head.
Kyhawn walked out from the bathroom. “Let’s not think about it now. Anyway you and him will have plenty of time to talk about your future later. Come and see this neat bathroom.”
Earron got to his feet and went into the bathroom to find Kyhawn felling up the tub. “Wild... this is really nice. A tub with running water, a toilet, and a sink.” He smiled, tapping the sink. “They’re all made from ceramic too.”
Kyhawn slipped off the shorts and stepped into the tub. “Warm water,” he said, running his fingers through the water.
Earron crouched and place his hand under the spout. “It is warm, and feels good too. Hurry up and take your bath so I can take mine.”
“Look Earron, it even comes with a wash cloth and soap,” Kyhawn lathered up the wash cloth.
Earron smiled as he took off his shirt. “I’ll be out here waiting. I need to find a place to hang my wet garments on to dry. Don't use up all the hot water.”
Kyhawn chuckled, “This is a wealthy zacs cruise ship. I’m sure there’s plenty of hot water.” He thought for a moment, “You know Earron, you’re right about me, I mean, the way I’ve been feeling sorry for myself and all. I should be more thankful… and you know… I am thankful for coming out of this alive, and I’m thankful for you and Coita, coming to our rescue with Werdna and Nevets fishing boat and all…. And I’m thankful that we’re here enjoying this moment. I do have two colored stone. I think I’ll get my mom something nice.”
Earron piked up, “Were you talking to me? Cause if you were, could you say that again. I wasn’t listening.”
“Nevermind. I was just saying thanks for being a good friend.” Kyhawn scrubbed his hair and dunked his head under the phased to rinse off.
Earron nodded, “Okay, didn’t do anything you wouldn’t have done for me.” He draped his shirt over the chair, slipped off his worn out trousers  and draped them over the seat. He looked down at his tainted short. I should wash these while I’m taking a bath. Without thinking he plopped down on the bed. When he did the box went over the edge. With a quick reaction he managed to grab it before it fell, thinking as he placed it in the center of the bed, that was a close one. If his old box would have dropped it probably have fallen apart.  He sat for a moment, and then got up to have look out the small window, in thought. Good the sky’s clearing, no more bumpy waves. He lay on the bed again and began dreaming about how things might have been if the stones hadn’t turned into sand.
Shortly after Kyhawn stood at the bathroom door looking at Earron. With a refreshing smile he said, “It’s all yours.”
Earron jumped to his feet, slipped off his tainted short and went straight to the tub. While Kyhawn remained in the bathroom drying off, loudly joking with Earron, Shellean walked in. He walked out from the bathroom. “Shellean!” he turned a shade of deep blue, covering himself.
While Earron gave out a good chuckle, Shellean said, “Oh… excuse me. I did knock. I’ll see you two later, in the lounge.” She quickly closed the door and headed for the lounge.
Earron chuckled, “Showing off the goods before you give her the ring.”
“Would you just shut-up and don’t forget to use the soap,” Kyhawn tossed a bar of soap his way.
“I already have a bar of soap, thank you.” Earron sang. “Showing off the goods… Showing off the goods….”
Kyhawn plopped on the bed with a dreamy look in his eyes. Rolled over, tapped the box and pushed in on the loose pegs holding it together. With his towel wrapped around his waist he jumped to his feet. “Our garments should be dry in a little while,” he said as he stared at the books on the fireplace mantle.
Shortly after Earron came out of the bathroom drying off, smiling. “That was… funny, her walking in on us.”  Holding his clean shorts, he placed them near the fireplace to dry.
Kyhawn turned around with a book in hand. “If you say so.” He turned back around and placed the book amongst the rest of them on the shelf.
The time passed and before long their garments had dried. Kyhawn glanced into the bathroom before leaving, “I’m sure glad I’m not the maid,” he chuckled.
Soon after they left the room with a laugh and a refreshing smile. When they arrived in the large lounge they found most of the survivors relaxing, and enjoying the music being played by a few of the band members.
“There’s Shellean and Bekim,” Earron pointed.
After Kyhawn and Earron joined them, Coita entered the room and sat on the floor between Earron and Bekim. “What’s that smells?” he asked. “I smell fresh flowers. Is that you two that smells so funny?”
“It’s the perfume in the soap,” Earron said. “We took a bath in Captain Joenf’s sleeping room.”
Kyhawn looked at him. “It’s suppose to smell like this.”
Earron jokingly remarked, “Now all we need is some new garments to go with this nice smell.”
Coita naively asked, “What’s wrong with the garments you’re wearing?”
“Never mind,” Earron shook his head in thought. He’ll never change.
Coita thinking, I wonder what his problem is?
Shellean looked at Kyhawn. “I think you smells nice.”  Kyhawn placed his arm around her shoulders. And while the ocean gently rocked the ship, the remainder of the night passed much the same. The calm and relaxing atmosphere of the lounge slowly drifted off to sleep.

*                  *                 *

The next evening, they sighted land. Spirits were high. They knew that soon their feet would touch ground well documented on all known Zacterronian maps. Kyhawn and his friends watched the land emerge from under the horizon.
“Sure is a beautiful sight, isn’t it?” Washburrn came up from behind them.
Kyhawn turned. For the moment, he seemed to have almost forgotten all that had happened. “Beautiful, it’s spectacular! I mean the way the mountains just seem to come from beneath the ocean.”
“I almost forgot—you’ve never seen anything like this.” Washburrn smiled. “I always thought it seemed much the same as when one leaves the land behind.”
“They’re nothing alike.”
Washburrn eased back. “Well, I can’t wait to meet your mother. But I won’t be able to stay long. As you know, I have a few important business matters I need to take care of in Chamquinil.”
Kyhawn nodded, but his face was a long one. His heart ached. “When will we see each other again? I mean, after your business in Chamquinil?”
“I’m not sure,” Washburrn said as he slung his good arm over Kyhawn’s shoulder. “But we will see each other again. You can be sure of that.”
Kyhawn smiled as they continued to watch Omakohak rising from the ocean like a new sunrise bringing fresh light to a new day.
Washburrn patted Kyhawn’s shoulder. “I do believe you’re right—there is a difference between heading out for sea, and then watching the land rise up from the horizon.”
Kyhawn nodded.
Washburrn cracked a thin smile. “You know, Kyhawn, I remember the first time I saw land after being away. I wasn’t much younger than you. Strange, now that I think about it. It was one of the unique sights I’d encountered during that part of my life. Odd how we forget such events, then all of the sudden, there it is before us. As though it were only … the other day.”
Kyhawn turned to him. “That’s pretty deep.”
“Well … I’m not all daggers and pistols, you know.” Washburrn chuckled and clapped his shoulder as they joined the others.
The time drifted by with the anticipation of being home growing stronger with each passing wave. Before long they had docked in the port of Omakohak. It was a quiet, cool, and calm day. The breeze gently laid an autumn leaf onto the pier next to one of the three fisher-Zacs securing Captain Owem’s large sea vessel.
Soon after many of them headed for the Do-Eats Restaurant. But unfortunately just before Earron and Coita went ashore, they had another argument. Upset, Coita slung his hood over his head, tipping it forward so not to be noticed, he slipped through the crowed and quickly took off to their shack they called home.
On nearing the restaurant, a couple of fisher-Zacs sitting on one of the many benches along the docks thought they had seen ghosts.
“Earron …? I’ll be … you’re alive!” A fisher-Zac playfully grabbed him by his arm.
“Where on Goducess’s planet have you all been?” another fisher-Zac asked. “We thought you were lost at sea forever. And Coita, where’s he?”
“He’s okay,” Earron assured them. “He should be at our shack by now.”
The fisher-Zac nodded oddly. “We knew you all had gone searching for the Sealander.”
“It sunk,” Earron said. “We’re going inside now. Come in … we’ll tell you about it inside.” He grabbed the already half-opened door. A moment later Earron was greeted by more fisher-Zacs. Everyone seemed amazed to see any of them.
Kyhawn’s mother Sailma, who had been working in the kitchen, came out from behind the swinging doors. When she saw Earron, she dropped her apron and ran to him. “You’re alive!” she cried as she hugged him. Then she backed away and looked around. Her eyes drifted back to Earron.
“Kyhawn’s okay. He’s still outside.”
Before Earron could get another word in, Sailma rushed for the door. Earron thought, That’s the first time she’s ever been glad to see me.
Sailma excused herself through the small crowd, and saw her son appear at the door. They looked at one another as if they were both frozen in time. “Son—you’re alive.” Tears of happiness ran down her face. Kyhawn quickly handed Shellean the wooden box, and went to his mother. They embraced one another as they had never done before. Sailma finally pulled away and smiled. “Let me see your face,” she cried, using her hanky to wipe the tears from his eyes.
Kyhawn embraced her once again. “It’s so good to see you, Mom. It’s good to be home.”
“I thought I had lost you too … Son.”
Kyhawn stepped back. “Mom, I want you to meet a friend of mine, Shellean,” he announced with a smile.
Sailma turned to a coworker friend of hers, “My son’s home safe—and he has a girlfriend.” Shellean gave Kyhawn the wooden box and they joined the captain, Washburrn, Alil, and Tailk who were already sitting at a table.
“Sit down, Kyhawn.” Washburrn slid over on the long bench. “We can make room for the three of you somewhere here.”
After they were seated with Sailma at the end of the table, she asked, “What is that you have there, Son?”
“It’s just something Earron, Coita, and I found in a cave.” He slid the old box over to her. “Mom, I want you to meet Washburrn.”
Throughout the restaurant the story was being told, but to anyone listening closely, all of them had their own story to tell in their own way, ranging from Nevets’s exaggerated version to Washburrn’s odd bits and facts.
Earron came over to Kyhawn’s table and picked up the box to show a friend. “This box and Kyhawn’s drawings are the only things we have to remember the island. Except of course we do have .…” He paused quickly changing his mind about mentioning his stones. “There’s interesting old navigator instruments and parchments inside.” He glanced at everyone, ending with Kyhawn. “Did you tell your mom about the cave?”
“I haven’t had a chance to yet.”
Seconds later, another fisher-Zac came from behind Earron and playfully squeezed his shoulders. “Good to see ya.”
Earron jerked away, and the old box went crashing onto the table.
“Hey …! Be careful, Earron,” Kyhawn cried. “Look what you did.” He tried to fix it, but only made matters worse. To no one’s surprise, a board came completely loose. Kyhawn’s dreams again flashed before his eyes as he pulled out an old sailor scarf which had been hidden in a narrow compartment in the bottom. “There’s something wrapped inside.” He carefully unfolded it as at least 35 small rounded colored stones spilled out on to the table. His large brown eyes widened with hope as he lay some blank parchments aside, and reached for some ancient coins laying beneath the stones. And beneath the coins what appeared to be a small part to some type of thin, golden flat-shaped ornament. He picked it up for all to see. No one knew for sure exactly what the piece of ornament was except for Captain Joenf. The Caytona plate, he thought, but kept it to himself. The ancient coins and colored stones spoke for themselves.
“Well, I’ll be!” Alil leaned across the table to admire the find.
“I’d have never guessed anything was hiding in there,” Werdna mumbled as he guzzled the mug of beer in one hand to ease the pain in his other.
Tobben, Zeal, and Shanel stood nearby each with a mug of beer. “Good cheers to Kyhawn and his mates.” Zeal said as he, Tobben, and Shanel offered a toast. “Here, here,” echoed the large room as indeed a toast was celebrated.  Kyhawn’s smile widened with delight. He looked at everyone, stopping at Washburrn who was staring at him.
“Well, doesn’t surprise me, not one bit.” Washburrn slowly nodded and gave him a thin smile.
Kyhawn slid the scarf over to Washburrn. “It appears you have a reason to stay after all.”
“These are some pretty darn old coins. Well … you just might have something here.” He reached for his glasses and carefully examined them. He looked at Alil across from him. “If you’re not doing anything, how about sticking around for a while, at least until I get this here taken care of?”
Alil placed her hand over his and nodded with a look of delight.
When Earron picked up the blank parchments, Kyhawn looked up at him. Earron remarked, “Blank sheets of parchment. Hmm …?”
Kyhawn quickly changed the subject, “It’s a good thing you dropped this box, or we might never have known these coins and colored stones were inside.”
“Yeah,” Earron said. “And this thin piece of gold too, whatever it is. Even if it is broken, it’s still gold.” He stood with a great big grin, looking around as if he wished Coita were among them.
Kyhawn hugged his mother, then turned to Shellean and did the same.
Earron set the piece of golden ornament next to the box and threw his arms out at Kyhawn. Kyhawn jumped to his feet, went to him, and they embraced.
“We’re rich! We’re rich, Earron! No more shack for you and Coita!”
“Yeah, and you and your mom are going to be able to pay off those taxes and debts after all.” Earron smiled.
“What do you mean—going to be? I feel like they already are,” Kyhawn said as they danced in circles of joy while everyone cheered them on.
A few moments later, they stood again next to the table with their arms around each other. Earron whispered into Kyhawn’s ear, “Thanks … and if Coita were here, he’d thank you too.”
“Is he … at the shack?”
“Yeah, but once he hears about this, his mood will change.”
Captain Joenf now stood next to a friend of his who owned the restaurant and began banging his cane on a ceiling beam. “Drinks on the house, and let us make another toast to our lucky young Zacs, Kyhawn, Earron, and Coita!”
A moment later Coita came in, pushed along by two fisher-Zacs. All eyes were upon him. Earron and Kyhawn came up to him excitedly.
“Is it true, Earron …?” Coita’s eyes glowed. “Did you really find old coins and colored stones hidden in that old box?”
“Is it true, he asks.” Earron chuckled.
“Look here, Coita.” Kyhawn showed him the sailor’s scarf.
Coita’s eyes lit up with hope, and all three of them embraced and began dancing. They chanted ko-la-ton e-moss-lon (may the luck of the Gods be with you). Soon everyone was also chanting with them.
As this inspiring moment passed, Earron whispered into Coita’s ear, “I’d never leave you alone, Coita … not ever.”
“Toast—toast—let’s toast to our young friends!” the captain shouted as Kyhawn laid the scarf next to Washburrn. While yet another toast was being made on their behalf, they continued to dance joyfully. “We’re rich—we’re rich!” they chanted.
Finally Kyhawn stopped and glanced around the room. A great big glow about him, his eyes met Washburrn’s. The restaurant was quiet as Washburrn held out his glass of mogg juice at Kyhawn. “To the dagger-key!” Their drinking glasses touched as Washburrn smiled at him like a father might a son.
Kyhawn quickly turned his drinking glass to Earron and Coita. “To the dagger-key,” he said with a smile as the restaurant once again filled with cheer.
Kyhawn turned to Washburrn again. They looked into one another’s eyes, and once again their drinking glasses touched as another toast was made—this time in honor of all who had survived Kyhawn’s dreams.

THE END…….FOR NOW

Thank you very much for becoming a part of Kyhawn’s journey. More to come as soon as I (Daniel L. Ferguson) have made Book II ready for smashwords. Yes, it’s already been written, and my dear friends who have read the manuscript say, even though they enjoyed (book I) very much, they felt (book II) was even better. “more action and more depth,” one good friend of mine said. And I did my best to create a world and story that possesses much depth, conflict, and love of the characters for each other. I have spent thousands of hours creating their world. I have maps that I have drawn, and pictures of the main characters that I have drawn as well. If you’d like to see them in book II, please feel free to let me know. My email address is on page one.
I look forward to hearing from your comment. I have already written book III , the final chapter. But at the time, it’s only in a rough draft format. After I prepare book II, I will begin completing book III,
I’ve been writing for much of my life. Mainly short stories and poetry. Though I didn’t do much with my short stories, I did do much with my poetry. If you’re interested, you can view them here on smashwords. The book is called: love opens the valley of emptiness. It’s a six book collection of many of my poems, about love, lovers, friendship, adventure, self awareness, laughter, and spiritual growth for the soul.
I also paint, and draw. I enjoy being creative. And when I’m not being creative in my studio, I’m at peoples home remodeling something for them. otherwise, I do handyman work and remodeling to support my lifestyle.
Ko-la-ton E-moss-lon
Daniel L. Ferguson
