The Greylands: Volume II

Susan Skylark

Copyright 2013 Susan Skylark
Smashwords Edition
Revised 2018


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to an authorized retailor and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents:

The Mistborn
Nothing but Legends
Not Quite Human

Other Books by this Author
Sample Chapters

Author’s Note: These are independent, stand alone stories.  Though themes and names may be similar, there is no relation between them.


The Mistborn:

“Go not into the Elf Wood,” grated the old man on the village green amidst the wide-eyed children that had gathered to hear his tales, “strange are the rumors of that country.  Those that go in never come out or if they do, they are never the same again.  Tis far better to stay at home and mind your own business than risk that cursed place.”  
“But do not fairies and unicorns dwell in the Wood?” piped one small, hopeful girl.  
“Bah,” scowled the old man, “there be all manner of strange folk in that wood and none knows who or what might dwell there.  As I said, it is best to leave well enough alone!”  
“But it sounds the perfect place for an adventure,” blurted out a boy a bit older than the girl.  
“Who needs adventure?” groused the old man, “Certainly not you.  Forget such foolishness.  Life is hard enough without going out and looking for trouble!”  
“But I want to see the Unicorn,” said the boy defiantly.  
The old man glanced around cautiously, as if the roan cow tethered on the green might carry tales, before saying, “those are dangerous words boy.  Where did you hear such a tale?”  
The boy smiled mischievously, “my old granny tells such tales before the fire each night.”  
The man said quietly, “you would do well to forget such tales or at least not spread them abroad.  I would bring this to your father but being the man he is, I doubt such tale bearing would be of much avail.  But heed well my words lad, there are those in this world that would take such tales amiss and it just might bring unwanted attention upon your family.”  
The boy drew himself up and said, “and why should I fear anyone in the least?  Granny says all who follow the Unicorn have nothing to fear from man or beast.”
The old man smirked, “has your old granny never heard of the Blackguard?  They would make short work of you and she, if they heard such prattling on.  If you love your lives you will hold your tongues.”  
“But papa is one of the Whiteguard,” squeaked the girl, “he would never let any such thing happen.  And granny says we must not remain silent, for everybody should have the chance to hear about the Unicorn.”  
The old man shook his head in exasperation and quickly abandoned his eager young audience, fearing to hear any more of such nonsense.  The Unicorn indeed!  If that old myth were true the world would certainly be in a better state than it was.  If such a benevolent creature ever existed, certainly it was dead and gone centuries ago as the old tale told.  Those poor deluded youngsters and their stubborn parents would one day rue their fanatic devotion to such a pathetic cause.  Everyone knew the only way to survive in this wretched world was to avoid the wrath of the Dark Prince and his thrice cursed Blackguard.  If you had to cling to outdated superstition at least keep quiet about it, lest you get the whole village murdered!  He hobbled slowly back to his crumbling hovel, muttering the entire way under his breath.  
The small group of children listened in fascination as the boy regaled them with one tale after another about the Unicorn and the Fairywood.  The older boys smirked in derision, thinking they knew better and were far wiser than the bold orator before them while the younger children hung on every word as hope stirred within them.  The group only broke up when their various mothers called them home for supper.  The boy took the little girl’s hand and together they made their way toward home.  The children dispersed and there was much excited chatter over the evening meal and many concerned parents thereafter.
The boy’s father received many aggrieved visitors over the course of the next few days, all quite upset by the tales carried by his son.  How could he let the boy carry such dangerous tales?  Did he wish them all to suffer the wrath of the Dark Prince and his evil minions?  The man only shook his head gravely and said that the boy was free to speak as he felt he must and if they objected they did not have to listen.  They stormed away in a fury and muttered together their frustrations behind closed doors and over a mug of ale at the local inn of an evening.  The man smiled slightly and hastened to find his troublemaking son.  He found the boy busy about the farmyard with various small chores; taking the boy by the shoulder he led him to a quiet place alongside the woodshed and seated themselves on a couple convenient logs.  
“Son,” said he, “you have garnered the wrath of many in this village with your stories.”  The boy blanched, fearing some rebuke but the man continued, “that it has caused such an outrage means your stories are having some effect on stony and hardened hearts.  I must commend you for your courage in speaking so for I know others have warned you that such tales are quite unpopular of late.  I am sorry to say my own enthusiasm for speaking thus has been dampened with care and worry, but I think you have the right of it.  These great things must be spoken and not hidden from view simply for fear of our lives.  Whatever happens for your temerity, I must tell you that I am proud of you and will try and be so bold myself.”
Amazement stilled the boy’s tongue and was writ large in his eyes and upon his face.  The man smiled, clapped the boy on the back, and returned to his own work.  The boy shared a parting grin with his father and ran off to tell his mother.  His mother and grandmother were busy about the house and listened with amused smiles as the boy told of his encounter with his father.  His mother cautioned however, “it is good to share your grandmother’s stories but you must be cautious in who you let overhear you.  All must have the chance to hear, but caution is warranted lest you fall into the hands of darkness.”  
The boy’s smile slipped as he said, “but father said all must hear and that caution is not needed.  Will not the Unicorn protect us should some danger present itself?”  
His mother smiled gently and said, “certainly you must speak these things.  I only say be careful in whom you confide for many will carry tales to your enemies.  The Unicorn shall certainly be with His faithful but that does not mean He shall rescue us from every evil and danger that presents itself.  Suffering, sorrow, and danger are certainties in this fallen world, my son.  The Unicorn has promised not to abandon us forever to such things and has in fact overthrown both evil and death, but that age is yet to come.  In this present age we must endure that which we must.  That is why I warn you not to court death by being too bold in your proclamations.”  
The boy drew himself up and said, “I will not hide as if I am embarrassed of what I believe.  Why does papa hide from everyone?”
A look of surprise crossed his mother’s face and she said, “what is your father hiding?”  
He sighed, “I know he once rode for the Whiteguard.  Why does he now live in obscurity and say nothing of what he once was?”  
His mother smiled weakly and said, “no one is allowed to ride with the Guard who has dependent children.  He has retired to raise a family.  Once you and your sister are grown, perhaps he shall ride with them again.”  
The boy nodded sagely but said, “then should he not at least be sharing the reasons for which he once rode?  Is that not also a duty of the Guard as well as fighting against the minions of the Dark Prince?”  
His mother nodded sadly and said, “your father and I have remained silent for fear that our family might suffer for it.  It seems all his old spirit lives again in you.  Not that long ago nothing could have stilled his tongue but our old courage is long fled.  My heart stirs within me to have kept silent so long and deny our neighbors the chance to hear that which we consider most dear.  Forgive me my son, and thank you for rousing again the courage that has waned for so many years.  I shall speak to your father about it, but we shall also make plans to defend ourselves or escape should our enemies fall upon us for our renewed boldness.”  The boy beamed and ran off to find his little sister and tell her all the news.  He found her running swiftly from the surrounding forest with much delight and eagerness.  
She shouted joyfully to her brother, “I have seen one!  I have seen one!”
Winded, she stopped her flight and gasped for breath, as Kyan said, “what have you seen Clara?”  
The little girl beamed, “one of the Mistborn of course.”  
He looked at her seriously and asked, “truly?”  
She grinned all the more, “it could have been nothing else!  Let us find granny and perhaps she will tell us more of them!”  
In any other child this mysterious sighting might be thought a fancy of the child’s imagination but Clara was not prone to such whimsies.  They ran together into the house where granny sat by the fire with her knitting in her lap.  The two breathless children stood before her, Clara made her declaration and demanded to know all the old woman had to tell about such creatures.  
The old woman’s eyes sparkled in delight but were wide with surprise as she said, “the Mistborn?  Child, are you sure?”  Clara glowered at not being believed but nodded succinctly.  The old woman nodded sagely and said, as the two children sat at her feet, “the Mistborn is it?  They are strange and mysterious creatures certainly, perhaps the most mysterious to haunt this world, if they truly walk upon it.  Much is rumored about them and almost nothing known.  What is true and what is folly I cannot tell.  I will tell you that which I consider closest to the truth but even that is hard to believe.
For all the long ages that the Dark Prince has ruled over the lands of men, he has fought constantly against the Unicorn.  You have heard many times the tale of Him that left His beautiful kingdom far from mortal sorrows and became mortal Himself for a time, to right the wrongs of mankind.  He came and spoke peace but men heeded Him not and allowed Him to fall into the hands of those who mocked and killed Him.  The Dark Prince had thought himself victorious that day but little did he know that he had sealed his own doom, for death could not hold such as He.  He rose again to life, and by trusting in Him, we also might live.  For it was His blood that paid the price demanded of each and every man for all his many crimes against his Maker and his fellow men.  The Unicorn then returned to His own country but promised to return one day and finally overthrow the Fell Prince and restore the world to what it should ever have been, save for the folly of man.  
He left his followers to spread the tale of His coming that all might hear and find hope and life anew.  The Dark Prince in his wrath, has long hunted down and destroyed anyone found believing such heresy as he sees it, but this is just the latest offensive in a war that has lasted since the Dark Prince himself rebelled against his Master and will last until the end of time, when the Unicorn shall end the rebellion once and for all.  Now you know the Dark Prince has many servants, both of men and strange and terrible creatures, but the Maker has His own armies and servants as well.
You both know of the Whiteguard, of which your father was once a part.  It is composed of those men and even a few daring women who ride against the minions of darkness and also spread word of their Master everywhere they go.  There are other, more mysterious creatures and people in the world and where their allegiance lies, only they and the Unicorn know.  Most dwell in the Fairywood but are sometimes seen abroad.  Among these are the elves, the Mistborn, and other more mysterious races.  A few of the more daring elves have actually left the Wood and have ridden abroad and have even ridden with the Whiteguard at times.  These creatures are quite different from men but similar enough in their physical characteristics that we can at least comprehend something of their nature.  
The Mistborn are another matter entirely.  They are rumored to frequent the Fairywood but legend holds that they can be seen almost anywhere and at the strangest times.  They go about by means unknown, upon errands of which only they know the purpose.  They are said to be not quite solid just like their namesake, neither are they thought to be easily slain by mortal blade.  Some say they are servants of the Master, while others think them quite their own masters, and still others fear them to be some phantasm of the darkness.  They seem to appear most frequently wherever trouble is or is soon to be.  Some consider them harbingers of doom while a few whisper that they are actually saviors in a hopeless night.  Whatever they are, I would be cautious in my dealings with them my children.  Now Clara, tell me what happened when you glimpsed this creature.  Did you interact with it at all or simply glimpse it from a distance?”
Clara beamed in delight and recited her full tale, “I was in the wood a’gathering berries as mama told me when thin tendrils of mist crept out of the low places and gathered round about me.  Suddenly it started to glow with a light like the morning sun and a woman appeared in its midst, as if she had been lost in deepest fog and suddenly became visible as the fog thinned.  She was the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it seemed the light came from her.  She asked if I would like to go with her.  I was silent for fear and awe and then cried out in a fright that I would have to ask my mother and ran with all my might until I came out of the woods.  What does it mean granny?”  
Granny looked thoughtful for a moment and said, “I do not know my dear.  Perhaps there is some danger coming and she wishes to bear you to safety or perhaps she wishes to spirit you away for her own strange reasons.  You must certainly tell your mother.”  
“But what am I to do if she comes again?” asked the girl.  
The old woman shook her head gravely but made no answer.  Clara wasted no time in telling both of her parents as they sat over supper.  The pair exchanged a concerned look and her mother said, “darling, are you certain you saw such a creature and it was not just weariness playing on an overactive imagination?”  
The girl glowered at such an insult and then sighed in exasperation as she saw plainly that neither of her parents believed her.  “Mama,” said she, “what am I to do if she comes again?”  
Her mother smiled slightly and said, “of course you may go with her dear, but you must be home in time for dinner.”  
Clara sighed and finished her food in silence.  Granny and Kyan exchanged a concerned look at the disbelief of the others while the skeptics shared a knowing smile.  Their daughter was not prone to fits of whimsy but there was no reason she could not suddenly start, especially after all the recent excitement over Kyan’s tales and the complaining of the old man upon the green about such fancies.
After the meal was cleaned up, Clara said sadly to granny, “they do not believe me!”  
Granny said gently, “grownups sometimes forget the wisdom of childhood, but take heart my dear, for perhaps they will realize their shortsightedness soon enough.”  
Clara sighed again but tried to find solace in her grandmother’s words.  Kyan sat quietly by the fire, contemplating his sister’s strange adventure and trying to decide whether he should follow her into the woods on the morrow to see this strange apparition for himself, should it appear.  Kyan awoke early and hurried through his morning chores that he might be free in time to follow his sister should she venture again into the woods in search of berries, wraiths, or both.  He was intrigued, terrified, and skeptical that such a creature could truly visit so common a place as the woods about their farm.  The Fairywood, where such creatures must certainly be common, lay far to the north while the dominions of the Dark Prince lay far to the south.  
In between lay a vast stretch of land inhabited by men and divided up into many countries, each ruled by its own King, but the minions of the Dark Prince rode freely wherever they would and did as they pleased.  They killed, kidnapped, or stole whatever and whomever they wanted.  Some of the local lads sometimes volunteered to ride away with the Blackguard in hopes of joining it and gaining for themselves power and wealth beyond the normal means of men of their standing.  Besides the human soldiers, it was rumored that there were far more terrible and unnatural creatures that roamed about at the bidding of their dark master.  Such a patrol however, had not ridden through this part of the world in a generation and it was hoped that such peace would continue.  Many rulers paid tribute to the Dark Prince in both valuables and people that their own lands might be spared such predations by his roving minions.  Those nations closest to the south and the least despotic of those elsewhere were the most prone to such invasion.
Clara was sent again into the forest to gather the seasonal fruits with which her mother would make many lovely jams and pies.  Her supposed encounter of the previous day had cut short her foraging so her mother was even more anxious to be provided with the first fruits of the season.  The girl was eager but also a little afraid to meet the strange woman again in the woods.  She clutched her basket, as if it were the only thing protecting her from the strange apparition and boldly made her way again to the place where she had seen the woman.  
Kyan followed at a distance and kept to the cover of the bushes that lined the path upon which his sister trod.  Now and then she would gather a handful of berries but for the most part she spent her time looking about anxiously for some sign of her phantasm.  The day was growing old and the normal mist of evening crept out of the low places as Clara turned towards home, rather disappointed, when there before her the mist began to glow, but this time with the intensity of the moon rather than the new risen sun.  Again the woman stood before her, though this time she looked more solid than before but also more anxious.  She glanced about carefully and seemed to be straining her ears at something beyond mortal hearing before she focused on the child before her.  
Kyan crouched on a slight ridge above the path, well hidden by the verdant growth.  He was silent in awe as he watched the pair interact.  The woman said in a voice sweeter than that of any bird, “will you come away with me child?  There is not much time!”  Again she seemed to listen to something beyond hearing.  She glanced anxiously down the path and finally said, “we must go now else it is too late.  Will you come?”  
Clara smiled in trepidation and said, “mama said I could go as long as I was back for supper.”  
The woman said simply, “I fear you shall have no supper to return to.  But take my hand now, if you will.”  
The girl thought about this for a moment but suddenly grim determination blazed upon her face as she remembered her parents’ disbelief; she thrust her hand into that of the waiting woman.  No sooner had Clara taken the woman’s hand than they both grew very misty and suddenly vanished, as if becoming part of the fog itself.  Suddenly the sound of many hooves thundered in the near distance, and a dozen horses galloped through the place where the pair had stood.  Kyan froze in terror, his heart clenched to see the black banner and uniforms borne by the party which could mean only one thing: the Dark Prince had not overlooked their small corner of the world forever, as some had foolishly hoped.  Once the party was past, Kyan sprang to his feet and ran towards the village with all the speed he possessed.  He came in time to see the men dismounting on the green and the soldiers running from door to door, demanding that all present themselves before ‘his Fell Majesty’s honored servants.’  There were many groans and screams of terror as the horrified villagefolk assembled themselves on the green and cowered before their visitors.
Once all had assembled, their dark captain said, “is this all your folk?”  There were some murmured assurances as the captain scanned the crowd and counted his men.  
“Not all my lord,” said a tall boy, stepping out of the terrified mass of people.  
The captain eyed him curiously and asked, “and who is missing, my bold young man?”  
The boy smiled maliciously and said, “heretics, my lord.  A family of heretics dwells not far from here.”  
“Heretics you say?” smiled the captain darkly, “Let us to these heretics and we shall see what comes of them.  What is your name lad?”  
The boy bowed deeply and said, “my name is Roan, my lord.”  
The captain said, “well Roan, we shall soon deal with these heretics of yours and if all goes well, perhaps you would be pleased to join my honored company?”  
Roan nodded his pleasure and bowed once more, saying, “if you shall follow me my lord, I shall show you the dwelling place of our enemies.”  
The captain motioned for the boy to lead on and for the entire village to follow.  Most were terrified for the lives of those who had been their friends and neighbors for so many years, but no few thought whatever their fate, that it was justly deserved for their behavior of late.  It was not long before they stood in a great throng in the farmyard while soldiers, clutching their swords and bearing torches, pounded upon the door of the house.  Kyan rushed ahead, hoping to raise the alarm but found several soldiers had mounted their horses and ridden ahead to block escape through the backdoor should such be attempted.  Kyan crouched once more in the veiling vegetation, praying desperately that some miracle might deliver them from this nightmare.
The summons was not answered and the door was broken down.  The soldiers forced their way in, two were cut down by Kyan’s father before he was subdued and disarmed, though mortally wounded in the process.  His mother and grandmother were caught by the rearguard as they tried to sneak out the backdoor.  The dying man and two women were brought before the captain as the entire village looked on.  
“Such behavior is proof enough of heresy,” snarled the captain, “is this all the family?”  
Roan said grimly, “there are two children, a boy and a girl.”  
The captain growled at the man, “where are your wretched spawn?”  
The man coughed and a trickle of blood dribbled from one side of his mouth, “that you shall never know.”  
The captain sneered, “fear not, we shall find them and then bear them with all speed to our master who shall do with them as he pleases.  I am well informed that your entire family is composed of heretics and the penalty for such stupidity is death.  Do you deny it?”  The three prisoners stared at him grimly but said nothing.  The captain smiled terribly and turned to the villagers, “are there any here who would speak in defense of these rebels?”  The villagers stared stonily back at the man, none dared to look upon the condemned, save Roan, who wore a malicious smile.  “Will you even now denounce your heresy if I promise to spare your lives?” asked the captain in his most condescending tone.  Again he was met with grim silence.  “Very well,” said the captain, “you have condemned yourselves.”  Each of the prisoners was bound hand and foot and cast back into the house; the doors and windows were barred from without.
Kyan watched in trembling horror as his father succumbed to his wounds even as he was thrown back into what was once his home.  His mother fainted and his grandmother struggled as she would but could not escape her captors.  Once all were locked inside the house it was set  afire; the villagers watched in silent horror as the flames consumed the house and all within.  Kyan felt as if his own heart were afire with guilt, grief, and shame.  He watched his entire life disappear in flame and smoke until nothing remained but a smoldering heap of rubble.  Content with their night’s work, the soldiers returned to the village to root out any more heretics, to enjoy a night’s carousing, and to see what plunder they could gain for themselves and their masters ere they rode off in the morning.  
Kyan lay in a miserable heap among the bushes and hardly held back his sobs until the last of the soldiers had vanished beyond sight and hearing, then he wept bitterly.  He had cried himself out, save for an occasionally sobbing breath, when an airy voice from above said, “and what will you do now?”  Kyan looked up in alarm to see a magpie sitting upon a branch not a foot from his face.  His surprise almost overcame his anguish of heart as he sat up to look more easily at this strange bird.  
“You talk?” said the boy in amazement.  
“Of course,” said the bird, “but you have yet to answer my question.”  
The boy said, “I almost wish to surrender to the soldiers and meet whatever end they will mete out.  It would be easier that way.”  
The bird cocked his head and said, “really?”  
The boy stared at the bird in anger at his temerity and said, “how can I go on living when all I love have perished and the Master has failed me?”  
“Has he?” asked the bird.  
The boy growled, “what else would you call it?  My sister is spirited away and all my family is dead!”  
“You are alive,” said the bird.  
The boy scowled, “and what use is that when all of me yearns for death?”  
The bird squawked a laugh, “and you think those fiends would give it you?  I think not.  They would force you into their fell service and there you would die a miserable death, a rebel against your true master, and forever sundered from those you love.”  
The boy sighed, “I suppose you are right but how can you claim that the Maker has not abandoned me?”  
The bird would have smiled if he could, “you are alive, your sister is safe, and your family now beyond mortal suffering and you think yourself abandoned?”  
He looked at the bird curiously, “I suppose if you put it that way.  But I thought the Unicorn was to protect us and look after us in all things.”  
The bird laughed, “He does, but that does not mean everything will turn out the way you want it to.  All things are accomplished for the good of those that love Him, but that does not mean everything in this life will be sunshine and roses.  There will be plenty of trials, tribulations, and sorrow but He shall give you strength to bear all things and be with you all the long and weary way.  What He considers to be in your best interest may seem appalling to you but in the end it will turn out for the best if you remain true to Him.  What about my question?”
The boy sighed, “you know too much for a bird!  I do not know what I shall do.  I cannot stay here or the villagers might betray me to curry favor with the soldiers.  I think I will head north and perhaps discover if all the legends of the Fairywood are true or not.  Failing that, maybe I will try and join up with the Whiteguard.  What has come of my sister?”  
The bird said, “your sister is safe and that is all you need to know for the moment.  As to your plans, it seems a sensible idea, for now.  And who ever said I was a bird?”  
The boy gaped at the bird, but before he could speak the creature had taken wing and disappeared into the night dark forest.  The boy sat for some time pondering the creature’s words and wondered what this strange apparition might portend.  Finally he rose with a sigh and approached the silent farmyard.  He carefully skirted the ash heap that had been his home and made for the barn.  He saddled their plow horse, gathered what supplies he could for a journey, and silently led the animal out into the night.  He reached the cover of the woods before mounting and then sped off as fast as the aged creature could go.  The moon was rising and gave light enough to see the path; he traveled long into the night until the moon had fled and the darkness forced him to seek a hiding place where he might rest for the day.  He led the creature off the great road upon which he found himself and secreted himself in a little dell surrounded by a dense growth of young trees.  He slept most of the morning, until he was wakened by the rhythmic trotting of many hooves upon the adjacent highway.  He crept close enough to see who it was upon the road without being seen himself, and was both satisfied and terrified to see the same soldiers from the previous evening coming along the road behind him.
He was even more dismayed to see Roan riding proudly among them.  He counted eight soldiers and wondered where the others had gone, when it occurred to him that someone might have noticed the missing horse and raised the alarm and that the missing guards might be out looking for him.  “Quite an astute observation,” said the magpie in his ear.  Kyan stiffened, thinking the soldiers might overhear but soon relaxed thinking that such a strange creature must certainly know the danger and would not do anything to endanger them both.  The bird winked, “another good assumption.”  
The boy stared at the bird, “how is it you can read my thoughts?”  
The bird shrugged and said, “let us just say there is nothing that escapes my notice.  But now let us attend to your predicament.  You cannot ride ahead until you are certain these soldiers are well beyond you yet you cannot go back for fear of scouts and remaining here will be dangerous, for the returning scouts will surely search this place for you.”  
“That is quite helpful,” snapped the boy, “as you know, I am well aware of that.”  
The bird cocked his head and stared at the boy hard with one of his beady eyes, until the boy flushed crimson and mumbled his apologies.  The bird gave a curt nod and said, “you would do well to remember to respect all with whom you have dealings, most especially those who serve the King.”  The boy nodded glumly and the bird said, “fear not, but learn well.  Now I shall advise you if you have the patience to hear me?”  He looked questioningly at the boy, who nodded eagerly.  
The bird continued, “very well, there is a village well to the east of here that you will reach by nightfall tomorrow if you press hard.  Those soldiers are bound thence after stopping at several more villages along the way.  I advise that you ride in that direction and give aid to the one you will find there.  This personage must not fall into the hands of the Enemy.”  
The boy gasped, “what then am I to do?  How can I, a mere boy and refugee myself, give aid to another?”  
The bird eyed him sternly and said, “I would not appoint you a task if there were not some hope of you accomplishing it.”  
The boy again mumbled an apology and said, “then I shall succeed?”  
The bird said, “there are no guarantees this side of eternity lad.  I said there was a way, not a certainty of success.”  
The boy looked in trepidation at the bird but nodded firmly, though the creature had vanished the boy was quite certain he had seen his nod and more importantly knew his mind.  He waited a few more moments to make sure the way was clear and then withdrew into the copse to collect his horse and scanty supplies.  He made his way with much difficulty to the eastern side of the little glen then rode off down the cart path he found there, with as much speed as the animal could maintain over some distance.  He pressed the animal and himself, stopping only to water the horse and rest for a short period before pressing on.  As the day gave place to night, weariness overcame both man and beast; they crept from the road into another thicket for the night.  No sooner had they vanished from the road than the thunder of galloping hooves came quickly down the cart path.  Two soldiers dressed in the black of the Dark Prince clattered by, likely searching for the errant boy.  The boy settled in for the night and some time long after full dark, the same men passed once more but this time walking their weary horses.  Again they passed him by and the boy fell into a deep sleep, only waking with the first glimmerings of dawn in the east.
He was soon in his saddle and again pressing hard for the unnamed village.  As the magpie had said, he arrived just ere nightfall as his horse stumbled in weariness.  He hid in the trees surrounding the village, leaving the weary horse some way into the woods, he crept to the brink of the village and watched and waited for half an hour until he was certain there were no soldiers about.  He crept from the trees and made his way towards the inn, hoping to find whomever it was that needed to vanish quickly from the village.  He walked into the common room trying to look nonchalant but only succeeded in looking like someone up to no good.  The locals eyed him stonily and the few strangers in the place shook their heads in amusement, knowing him for an adventurous youth without a penny to his name.  Everyone watched him until he slunk into a seat far to the back and vanished from sight.  After the general curiosity had died down, Kyan began to study his surroundings and hoped to see someone of interest.  
“You certainly know how to walk unnoticed into a room,” laughed a merry voice beside him.  Kyan jumped at the noise and turned to face this unknown foe.  A tall, thin boy with delicate features, stunning blue eyes, and flaxen hair stood at his shoulder with a smile of sheer joy upon his face.  He noticed Kyan’s surprise, and said as amusement twinkled in his eyes, “I am sorry to startle you so.  May I join you?  We are both strangers here and I would welcome your company.”  Kyan nodded silently and the boy drew up a chair.  Kyan’s eyes grew wide as he noticed the slightly tapered ears barely hidden under the boy’s slanting cap.  The boy noticed Kyan’s renewed astonishment and carefully adjusted his headwear, before saying quietly, “I would appreciate if you told no one of my unique heritage.”  Kyan nodded silently and the elven boy smiled again, “now what brings you to this backwater village?”
Kyan said dazedly, “I think it is you.”  The boy cocked his head in interest and Kyan continued, “a talking magpie told me to come here to meet someone who should not be found by the agents of the Dark Prince and to aid him in his escape, if possible.”  The elf nodded as if this made all the sense in the world.  Kyan eyed the elf strangely, “you do not take me for some sort of lunatic?”  
The boy laughed, “it all seems perfectly logical to me.  Perhaps you do not know from whence I come?”  Kyan nodded, having forgotten that to a former resident of the Fairywood a talking bird must not seem all that strange.  
“So what are you doing here?” asked Kyan.  
The elf boy said, “few of my people leave the haven of the Wood but I felt my duty lay in the Outlands, as we call them, and here I hoped to do great things in the King’s name.  I sadly lost my way and find myself far from home and quite friendless.  I still wish to do something to aid your desperate race but I find myself beginning to yearn more and more for home.  What of you?”  
Kyan blinked back tears and said, “I too have become a refugee and a wanderer, though out of necessity rather than duty.  Not three days ago the Blackguard came through my village and murdered my family in the name of their fell lord, for they would not deny the Master.  I managed to escape but even so, there are scouts upon the road set to look for me.  I too am alone in the world, save for a magpie that occasionally makes an appearance.”  
The elf smiled sadly and said, “I am sorry for your current grief but you must not mourn overly much, for you will not be sundered forever from those you love.  I cannot speak for the magpie, but if you are truly in the King’s service you are never truly alone.”
Kyan smiled sheepishly and said, “you are right of course but I meant as far as human companions go.”  
The elf smiled, “I of course am not human but would be delighted to travel with you.”  
Kyan brightened and said, “we had best go then before the soldiers decide to terrorize this village as they did my own.”  
The elf nodded, stood, and motioned for Kyan to follow.  They walked into the deepest shadows of the inn and quietly left through a small door that opened into the stableyard.  A leggy black stallion stood in the shadows awaiting his master.  He would have whinnied in greeting but the elf motioned for him to remain silent.  “Have you a horse?” asked the elfling of Kyan, as he eyed the great horse in wonder.  
Kyan said, “she is tied in the woods not far from here but she is nothing compared to this fabulous creature.”  
The horse bowed his head at this compliment and Kyan asked, “does he understand all we say?”  
The elf laughed, “of course, the horses of the Fairywood are nothing like the poor creatures of mortal lands.  Come, we had best not linger.  I am sure there are those who would sell us into the hands of our enemies.  Go fetch your mare and we shall meet you along the road.”  
Kyan nodded and darted into the darkness.  He appeared not long after upon the road going east out of town.  They set forth immediately, the great horse keeping his pace to that of the weary mare.  They rode for an hour until they found a convenient spot to hide.  They slipped under cover and the elf declared he would take the first watch as Kyan gratefully descended into a much needed sleep.  Kyan was wakened for his turn at watch and the elf boy took his chance at rest.  In the grimmest hour of the night, Kyan heard the steady step of a horse upon the road.  The horse passed twice in the night.
Kyan wakened his companion and told of what he had heard.  The elf remarked cheerily, “we left the village just in time.”  
“No you did not,” said a grim voice from the direction of the road.  The elf reached for the sword at his belt and Kyan froze in terror, clutching his belt knife.  The dark captain and half of his men sat their horses nearby.  The great horse screamed a challenge and the captain’s stallion answered with his own fierce cry.  The captain said, “will you surrender and come quietly or will we make a swift end of you both?”  
The elf laughed, “that is a foolish question.  We certainly shall not yield to such as yourselves nor your foul master.”  
The captain laughed grimly and urged his horse down the bank towards the outrageous youth.  The others followed suit, making them easy prey for the dozen horsemen that rode up behind them.  The two boys stared in astonishment as battle was met and the darkly clad men were quickly overcome with only two of their rescuers taking minor wounds from their foes.  Once the fracas had died down, the leader of the small band addressed the stunned boys, “and how did two simple boys earn the enmity of such men?”  
Kyan gasped, “the Whiteguard!”  
He bowed from his saddle, “at your service.  And who might you be?”  
The elf smiled, “two wanderers much indebted to your rescue.”  
The man said grimly, “it might be best if you returned home lads.  The wide world is no place for such as you.”  
Kyan said quietly, “I have no home to return to.  The very men you slew murdered my family and turned my village against us all.”  
The elf said, “I left home to serve my King in some capacity and dare not return thence until I have been of such service.”  
At this, the boy removed his concealing headgear and the captain nodded sagely, “then perhaps you would honor us with your presence amongst us?  We can always use another faithful sword.”  The boys exchanged a smile and made for their horses.  The captain eyed the elf’s horse with approval but looked sadly upon the old mare, saying, “lad, that poor old girl will not survive the pace we must set.  You had best turn her lose and take one of the beasts belonging of late to the Dark Prince.  You had best take a sword as well.”  
The boy nodded grimly and chose the best of the three riderless horses standing patiently about.  He reluctantly loosed the poor creature from her harness and patted her fondly in farewell but knew the hard truth of the man’s words.  Kyan then approached one of the dead soldiers and disarmed him, though it was a task he would have rather avoided.  He had never been so close to a dead man before.  
The captain nodded grimly as the boy awkwardly mounted with his new weapon, said he, “we had best be going before the rest of the troop comes upon us unawares.”  Setting his words to action, he rode off and his men fell in behind him.  
Though they kept up a swift pace, Kyan was able to question the elf as they rode, “is this what you had imagined would happen when you left the Wood?”  
The elf smiled and said, “I did not know what would happen but I am content with my adventures so far.  Many of my people have served with distinction in the Whiteguard.”  
The captain turned back to reply and said, “very few of your folk have ventured forth from your haven in my lifetime.”  
The elf laughed, “but my people do not grow old and frail as is the plight of your sad race.  When I say many, I mean many though it is counted in millennia rather than decades.”  
The captain laughed, “when you put it that way then I am forced to agree.  What of you lad?  Can you wield a sword?”
Kyan shrugged, “my father taught me the basics of such a weapon though I am far from proficient.”  
The captain smiled, “we shall rectify that soon enough.  At least you will not stab yourself in the process.  How come you to know of the Whiteguard?  Few in these latter days know anything of us.”  
The boy said, “my father once rode among you.”  
The man nodded, “then I am honored to be of service to his son.  You have my condolences upon your loss but I hope you come to see us as family and friends while you are amongst us.”  
Kyan bowed his head silently in thanks for the man’s kindness.  They rode hard and were soon far beyond the thicket wherein the impromptu battle had taken place that morning.  They made camp and posted a watch while the captain and a few of the other men worked with Kyan on his swordsmanship and spoke to the boys about their new life.  The days passed quickly as the company rode north.  Kyan grew in skill and confidence with the sword and Fyanor the elf became his dearest companion, while the men of their company became their extended family.  They fought against any of the minions of the Darklord who crossed their path and occasionally men broke off in pairs to speak the light of the Maker into the dark lives of those they met.  
Men left the company in this way, one man was lost in combat, but as they rode so too did men wish to join their ranks, or wandering members of the Guard joined them for a time before breaking off again to spread word of the Master abroad.  In this way, the makeup of the company was constantly changing.  There were such bands scattered throughout the world doing the same thing.  Finally, the day came when their captain said to Kyan and Fyanor, “I think it is time the both of you took your turn speaking hope to the hopeless.”  The pair exchanged an anxious look but nodded eagerly before setting out on their first solo adventure.

Fyanor said as they rode along, “this has been a great adventure and I am truly privileged to spread the Truth of our Master to others, that they might have a chance at life anew.”  
Kyan laughed grimly, “the last time I spoke out about such things I earned the wrath of my village and indirectly cost my family their lives.”  
A magpie lit on his shoulder and he jumped in his saddle.  The bird said, “that is no way to think lad!  You did what you knew was right though it fell on deaf ears.  It is not of your making, what came of your family.”  
The boy sighed, “you are right, as always.  Am I ever to be found adequate in your eyes?”  
The bird’s eyes twinkled in silent laughter as he said, “men are never adequate of themselves, thus the Master’s blood was shed on your behalf.  Of course that does not mean you can simply remain as you are and refuse to grow.  All that is asked of you is that you strive each day to become more perfect in the King’s eyes.  He is quick to forgive His erring children.  They must also learn to forgive themselves.”  Kyan turned to reply but the bird was gone.  
He laughed and said to Fyanor, “I wish he would quit doing that!”  Fyanor shared his friend’s amusement.  Once their mirth had died down, Kyan asked, “when will you go back to your family?”  
Fyanor shrugged, “perhaps in a century or two.  What of you?”  
Kyan smiled, “I will serve as long as I am able, but I fear I will fall far short of your anticipated tenure, for men do not live so long.”  
Fyanor nodded grimly, “it is a strange thing to think of death.  My people need not know it of course but some of us are willing to risk it to help your wandering race.  Most are content to remain happily at home.”  
Kyan asked, “what made you want to come to our aid?”  
Fyanor smiled in remembrance, “if the Master Himself would deign to die for your race how could I say no to such need?”  
Kyan nodded grimly, “I thank you for your efforts on our behalf.”  
Fyanor laughed, “you need not be so grave.  The Maker’s approval is more than thanks enough.”  
Kyan nodded knowingly.  Since meeting the elf and spending his time among the Whiteguard, he had come to live each day more and more in the presence of the King; though He could not be seen, He was certainly felt by those who sought Him with a fervent heart.  Kyan asked, “I have heard many strange stories and rumors of the Fairywood but know not what is truth and what is not.  Can you tell me of your home?”  
Fyanor said gladly, “it is what all the earth should have been had not man turned from his Maker.  The Unicorn walks among us and all is peace and joy and wonder.  All manner of strange and awesome creatures dwell there yet there is nothing of evil, grief, or death to cast a shadow upon it.”  
Kyan smiled, “I cannot believe that you left willingly!”  
Fyanor laughed, “it is hard to believe myself but I felt it my duty to do so and do not regret it in the least, though this is a weary land.  My Master’s gratitude is more than reward enough.”  
Kyan then asked, “what of the Mistborn?  One stole away my sister ere the Blackguard came.”  
The elf was quiet for a long time and then said, “the secret is theirs to reveal I think, but if they bore away your sister I would not worry for her safety.”  Kyan nodded in acceptance, somehow knowing that he would receive no deeper answer.  They rode on for another two days until they came to a sizable town in the far north.  Fyanor said, “it is pleasant to be so close to home.  I would love to walk again beneath its boughs if it did not mean I could never again enter mortal lands.”
Kyan asked, “what comes of mortals who tread beneath its shade?”  
Fyanor shrugged, “it depends greatly upon the heart of the man and the will of the Master.  Some come in and never are seen by elf or man again.  Some enter and never leave.  Some cannot enter no matter how hard they try.  Some enter, are utterly changed, and go out again to do what they must.  Others find themselves walking in circles until they are forced to leave, never having seen anything one might not see in any other wood in the wide world.”  
Kyan nodded and said, “I would love to wander beneath the trees with you one day that you might show me all your favorite spots.”  
Fyanor smiled, “one day perhaps we will.”  
Their conversation was cut short as they came to the center of the town and found themselves nearly drowning in a sea of people.  They exchanged a grin, knowing it for the joyful chaos of a market day.  They led their horses off to a place less hectic, leaving them there they made their way to the marketplace and taking turns, each spoke of the hope he had found in the Master.  An occasional person stopped to listen but most turned a deaf ear, either uninterested or terrified in showing too much interest in the topic.  As the chaos slowed to a crawl, the two followed the crowds into the common rooms and spoke to any who would listen.  Some found hope, a few believers found encouragement, and a few remarked the two and those who paid them heed that they might benefit thereby.  A darkly clad man sat silently in a far corner and watched the two with interest.
So it continued for over a week before the two felt a great urge to move on to the next village.  They had done what they could in that place and knew that if they lingered too long they might draw the wrath of the Blackguard or even the locals down upon them, for ever their presence was a danger to all and sundry.  Thus it was that all save a few sighed with relief when they left and a horseman draped all in black followed at a distance.  
They found a secluded place to stop for the evening and Kyan rejoiced, “I feel that it was for this I was born!”  
A sinister voice growled, “and it is for this that you will die.”  The two looked up in astonishment to see the dark figure from the inn that first night.  
“Ride!” gasped Fyanor as he flung himself onto the back of his great horse.  Kyan needed no urging as he followed suit.  He had no rein or bridle but the antsy creature was far too happy to follow hard upon the heels of Fyanor’s fleeing mount.  
“What is it?” gasped Kyan as they dashed madly into the night   
“A Wraith,” gasped Fyanor in astonishment, “a shadowy servant of the Evil One.  No blade of man or elf can harm it.  It will most likely run us down and destroy us.  Its horse will never tire or grow weary.  Unless we gain help unlooked for, we are doomed.”  
Kyan laughed in spite of himself, “if this be the end my friend, I am glad to die beside you.”  
Fyanor exchanged a grim but contented look with his friend and said, “it may not be long ere we walk together in the Wood as you had hoped.”  
Kyan laughed, “perhaps it will be so.”  
They ran on.  The fiend behind them seemed to take great delight in running them to ground before springing upon them as a hound the fox.  The great elf horse was far stronger than Kyan’s mount, which was beginning to stumble in weariness and whose breathing had taken on the quality of a bellows.  Kyan gasped, “my mount will soon stumble and not rise again.  I will turn and make my stand.  Ride hard in what little time I buy you.”  
Fyanor gasped, “let us stand against it together!”  
Kyan shook his head, “you still have a chance.  Go!”  
Fyanor looked back in grief but nodded grimly, urging his horse to his full speed even as Kyan’s horse collapsed in exhaustion.  The evil laugh of the Wraith carried far on the wind.  He drew rein and circled the helpless boy before him.  Long had he hunted the wretch and greatly did his dark master wish both of these foolish boys dead.  
“I have you at last,” scoffed the Wraith.  
Kyan cocked his head in surprise, “at last?”  
The Wraith laughed grimly, “know you not the man who betrayed your family?”  
A shudder passed along Kyan’s spine as he finally recognized Roan, “what have you done?”  
The fiend laughed, “I bartered my soul for absolute power, what else?  It is far better than the bargain you have made.  You will die alone and unmourned in the wilderness and then I shall destroy your friend.”  
Kyan stood his ground with sword bared, “you are the fool!  Know you not my Master has conquered yours?  You may win for a day but the victory belongs to the King!”  
The fiend howled like a wind possessed and lunged at the boy, who vainly tried to block the thing’s sword.  Kyan’s sword passed uselessly through the Wraith, as if he were batting at sunbeams, but the Wraith’s sword was far from harmless.  It froze Kyan to his core, he fell gasping for air and clutching at his wounded side.
The Wraith pulled back to watch his victim die.  Once struck, there was no hope with such a wound.  Each breath was an agony and as the moments passed, it became more and more difficult to draw breath.  His side felt cold as a tomb on a snowy night and it spread up his chest and towards his legs; wherever the curse spread his flesh became as one dead.  Darkness gnawed at his vision as he fought to stay awake, but the creeping death would soon freeze his lungs and still his heart.  The Wraith looked on in greatest pleasure, savoring the boy‘s agony and terror as one might enjoy a fine glass of wine.  In his fading moments, Kyan thought himself in a delirium, for he saw a misty figure materialize behind the Wraith, who turned suddenly and howled in agony in its terrible voice as it faded to black smoke that dissipated on the wind.  The misty figure turned his ever shifting eyes upon the stricken boy, nodded gravely, and then vanished as suddenly as he had come.  Kyan could hold out no longer and in one final, agonizing breath and flutter of his heart, he was gone.  
Fyanor felt himself no longer in imminent danger and turned his exhausted mount around to see what had come of his friend.  He found the dead horse and nearby found the mortal remains of his friend.  There was no sign of the fiend.  Fyanor said a silent prayer of thanks for his life and looked wistfully towards the distant forest of his birth, whence his friend’s spirit no doubt had fled.  He sang a joyful song as he dug the grave, for his people knew no others, having dwelt ever in the presence of the King.  After, he led his tired horse off into the night and continued on alone in his duties.

Suddenly Kyan was beyond agony and terror and felt an awkward sort of peace about him.  The moon was heavy overhead and he was alone for as far as the eye could see.  A great forest loomed out of the dark before him.  He felt an overwhelming desire to follow the path that lay before him but some lingering dread stayed his feet from moving.  
“Are you going to tarry here all night or perhaps for all eternity?” asked the magpie, perched atop a nearby stone.  
Kyan laughed, “it seems not even death can sunder us.”  
The bird preened himself and said matter-of-factly, “and who said we had ever parted?  I have always been with you.”  Kyan gaped at the bird but he had vanished.  He looked again at the dark path into the wood and felt every fiber of his being urging him to set foot upon it.  “All must tread this path one day,” chirped the bird as he passed overhead, “for it is the road to eternity.  For good or ill, all must take it.”  
The boy asked, “and what waits at its end?”  
The bird had vanished once more but in his heart he knew the answer.  His feet fell silently on the needle strewn path that wound deep into the ancient pine wood; the light of the moon played fitfully through the trees whose branches swayed slightly in the wind.  Finally the path opened on a small glade holding the most majestic sight the boy had ever beheld.  A great unicorn stallion stood there in all his glory, fit to shame the moon overhead.  His radiant light illuminated the mist that played about His feet.  Kyan needed no introduction to know that here stood He before whom all mortals quaked.  He went to his knees in awe and fear; tears of joy and terror filled his eyes.
The One approached slowly, as if studying some insect He had never seen before.  As He gazed at the boy, all his failures and sins played remorselessly through his mind.  His grief was such that he threw himself upon the soft grass and wept like one bereft of all hope.  Suddenly it was gone.  There was no grief, remorse, shame, or sorrow any longer.  
The One spoke, “I have taken it all upon Myself and cast it as far from you as the East is from the West.  You need weep no longer for what has been.  Stand child and rejoice, for you have served Me faithfully and well.  Enter My joy and rest, if you will.”  
Kyan rose to his knees and tried to wipe the tears from his eyes but found them already gone.  He looked then upon the Great One before him and asked, “if I will?”  
The Unicorn reared and pawed the air, only then did the boy notice the great rent that marred His side which was borne on his behalf.  He bowed his head in grateful thanks.  The Unicorn said quietly, “there is much evil in the world and something must be done to counter it.  I have done My part on behalf of all who will have Me.  You can yet be of help to those whom evil stalks, if you so choose.”  
“What would You have of me?” asked the boy in much joy.  
The King smiled deeply and said, “you can act against those fiends of My Enemy against whom no mortal can stand.”  
“Let it be unto me as You have spoken,” said Kyan with greatest hope.  
“Excellent,” said He, suddenly vanishing.  Kyan looked closer and saw that the Unicorn had not vanished but had suddenly become a magpie that swooped away into the darkness.  A smile played upon the boy’s face as he realized Who it had been watching over him during all his strange adventures and Whom it was he now served with all his being!
A slight noise, as of muffled laughter, echoed behind him and he turned to look upon a man whose feet appeared lost in the mist about them.  A light seemed to blaze in the depths of his eyes that were ever shifting and moving, like strands of mist in the moonlight.  Kyan knew he stood before one of the Mistborn and took a step back in surprise, not quite knowing what the creature wanted.  What could such a creature want with one such as he?  
The man continued to stand silently, as if waiting for the boy to say or do something.  “Well?” asked the man finally.  
The boy stood in confusion and asked, “what have I to do with you sir?”  
The man laughed again and this time did not bury his mirth, “did you not agree to serve our Lord again in the mortal world as there is need?”  
The boy nodded and said, “but I do not understand what you would have of me.  What can the Mistborn have to do with such as I?”  
The man smiled patiently and said, “what did you think the Mistborn were?  Quit gawking at me and look at yourself.”  For the first time since entering the Wood, the boy looked full upon what he could see of himself and jumped in surprise.  He felt quite solid but it looked as if various parts of himself might suddenly vanish into the mist at any moment.  The man watched in amusement and then said, “no one quite believes it at first but you will adapt soon enough.”  
The boy shared a wondering smile with the man and then asked, “and what is our duty?”
The man motioned for the boy to follow and they moved a bit deeper into the Wood, following an unseen path.  As they progressed, the man spoke, “our duties are many and varied but all are of the utmost importance to our Master.  We fight against those fiendish servants of the Evil One against whom no living man can stand.  We aid mortals in certain instances and situations as our Lord’s will directs.  We carry messages and speak hope to the downtrodden and forlorn.  Anything and everything may be asked of you but you never need fear you lack the knowledge, skill, or direction you need to accomplish your mission.  You will not always succeed but you must always try to accomplish the task set before you.”  
The boy said quietly, “it was one such who dispatched the Wraith that slew me and another who bore my sister far from danger.”  
The man nodded, “these are but the briefest examples of the strange adventures that might lie before you.”  
“You said I might fail?” said the boy anxiously.  
The man smiled slightly, “you are not dealing with a perfect world.  The servants of the Enemy are many, sly, and have their own weapons against us.  When dealing with mortal men you cannot do anything to or with them without their consent; they have the option to refuse, ignore, or betray us.”  
Kyan asked, “we cannot die?”  
The man laughed heartily, “man can die but once, however that does not mean the Enemy cannot inflict pain or inconveniences upon us.  You will also experience grief and sorrow if you walk again in the mortal world.  You can yet go deeper into the Wood and seek rest there but know that once you cross into the Heart of the Forest you cannot again tread mortal soil until the King goes forth to fight the final battle with the Enemy.”
The boy looked with awe at a path that led deep into the wood.  It was nothing that he saw that inspired this feeling but rather the aura he felt about the place and it only seemed to intensify as the path wound deeper into the wood.  He had never felt such peace and joy and knew it was the very essence of the Master Himself.  The urge was strong to follow that path but Kyan felt even more strongly that he must see what adventures might await him again in the mortal world.  He turned to his guide and said, “I would dearly love to tread that path but it will not be today.  What must I do to begin my quest?”  
The man smiled, “you have only to wish it and your first assignment shall lie before you.”  
The boy said suddenly, “how will I learn what I must about this strange new form?”  
The man smiled, “some things will come naturally, sometimes knowledge will come at need, and other things must be learned by experience.  Remember that you are never alone.”  
The man suddenly faded to mist and was gone, leaving Kyan alone on the brink of that joyful path.  He had only to wish to begin?  He sighed, wondering if his new occupation would always be so curious.  He set his mind upon just that and suddenly felt himself dissolving into mist.  At first his mind wished to panic but an overwhelming calm overshadowed him and the strange sensation felt completely natural ever after.  Less than a moment later he felt himself suddenly whole again and standing in some sort of a fortress or castle on a moonless night.  He was in some sort of corner or little used alleyway.  The place was pitch dark but nothing was hidden from his strange eyes.  He took in his surroundings curiously and then glanced down at himself.  
He was much more solid than he had been in the wood and he was quite surprised to find himself clad in the uniform of the Blackguard.  “Not quite the garments you had expected to wear in My service I think,” laughed the magpie, perched upon a stack of forgotten crates at Kyan’s back.  Kyan turned suddenly and made to go to his knees before the bird, but it laughed as it said, “I know the attitude of your heart child.  Such formality is not needed in such a circumstance and if anything, it will only jeopardize your mission should anyone see you.  An old friend of yours is captive in this place.  Free him and then go as your heart leads you.”  
Suddenly the bird was gone and Kyan was again alone in the night.  A friend?  He froze, wondering what to do, but a very strong urge to move out of that forgotten corner and into the fortress proper rose in his heart.  At first such feelings were strange to him, but soon he learned to trust them as guidings from his Master and to trust them as much as he did the Lord Himself.  He crept out of the corridor but suddenly realized that sneaking about in such a place and uniform was sure to attract attention.  He relaxed and began to walk as if he had every right in the world to be where he was and dared anyone to challenge him on that point.  
He passed unnoticed through the massive fortress and wound his way deep into its heart where the prisoners were held.  He knew the way as if he had walked it every day of his life though he had never set foot in such a place before.  He found the sole guardsman asleep at his post with a ring of keys on the floor beside him, where they had fallen from his somnolent grip.  Kyan silently took the keys and made his way down the corridor holding the cells that contained the most valuable prisoners.  
He could hear silent moans and weeping coming from several cells but he knew that their fate was not in his hands and that he must not interfere where he was not bidden.  At the end of the row of cells he came to a door he knew he must open.  The key turned silently in the well-oiled lock and the door opened just as quietly on its equally oiled hinges.  The cell was utterly dark but Kyan easily saw the crumpled form of a tall, fair-haired man in one corner.  Kyan shut the door behind him lest they be overheard and approached the man.  As he approached the prone form, he recognized with horror that it was Fyanor and that the dirty rag wrapped around his eyes implied that he was blind, likely at the hand of the Enemy.  He placed a gentle hand on the elf’s shoulder and he started awake.  
“Again?” asked the groggy voice in quiet acceptance of whatever might come but with no trace of bitterness or despair.  
“What again?” asked Kyan.  
Fyanor sat up and said, “you have not come to torment me once more?”  
Kyan’s heart clenched for the suffering his friend must have endured at the hands of these evil men; his must have been the easier fate, dying by the sword of the Wraith.  He choked back his tears and said gently, “no, you are free.”  
The elf frowned, “is this some new terror to which you wish to subject me?  I will not be taken in.  Do what you will but I will neither forsake my Master nor despair.” 
Kyan smiled at his friend’s spirit and said, “I speak truly and am come to rescue you.  Your Master has sent salvation to you in your endless night.  Come, for we cannot tarry.”  
Fyanor stood shakily and leant heavily upon Kyan, for his strength was not great after all he had endured at the hands of his hosts.  Whether trick of the Enemy or not, Fyanor had little choice but to comply.  Kyan opened the door, locked it behind him, and left the keys where they had fallen.  All the while he nearly carried his friend along the corridor.  They swiftly made their way to a little used side door that was for the moment unwatched.  Kyan fumbled with the latch and it opened on squeaking hinges.  Fyanor’s great horse stood waiting just outside the door and whickered quietly to see his master again.  
Fyanor could hardly believe that he sat again upon that beloved back and whispered quietly, “whoever you are, I thank you with all that is within me.”  
Kyan said quietly, “ride or your escape will be but a short one.  Trust your horse for he will carry you true.  Thank our mutual Master, I am but the least of His servants.”  
Kyan withdrew again into the fortress and latched the door as he had found it.  He heard the muffled sounds of galloping hooves as Fyanor rode off.  Kyan moved swiftly away from the source of the noise lest it draw unwanted attention.  He found a quiet place to sit until the next part of his quest was to be accomplished.  He marveled that he felt no need of rest or refreshment and that his strength was more than enough to carry his weakened friend with ease.  
The magpie lit upon a ledge above him and said, “the next part of your adventure shall be a curious and strange one, but it is needful nonetheless.  While you appear and feel mortal, the constraints of mortality such as a need for food, water, and sleep no longer hinder you.  Mortal blade can render you injury and pain while you reside in this form and mortal injury will cause you to take on your natural state.  The weapons of the undead minions of the Enemy will hurt you terribly and banish you back to the Wood from whence you must set out anew.  You cannot render physical harm to any mortal creature, only the strange and terrible servants of the Enemy can you destroy, save mortal men in that service.”
Kyan took in this curious information as the bird flew off; the sound of running feet and the clanging of an alarm bell filled the fortress.  Someone had noticed Fyanor’s disappearance.  All the residents of the castle were set to searching the structure but to no avail.  Someone discovered the fresh tracks of a horse outside the small side door and raised the alarm.  Horses were saddled and every available man was sent in pursuit.  Kyan was not spared from such a duty, appearing a common soldier of the Blackguard as he did.  Nearly two dozen men rode after the fled elf while those that remained behind endured the harsh inquiry into who might have betrayed the Dark Prince from within.  
At each turning of the road, a small cadre of men broke away from the main body and followed the bifurcation while the rest continued on upon the main path.  Kyan found himself riding with five other men along the main road and still no sign had been seen of their quarry.  Kyan smiled beneath his vile helmet; no mortal horse could outrun the famed horses of the elves.  Fyanor was well on his way to freedom.  Suddenly shouts of confusion and anger came from the other men in the party as a volley of arrows fell among them before a dozen mounted men fell upon them.  
Kyan recognized the Whiteguard when he saw it and refrained from helping his ‘colleagues’ in the battle, not that he could be of much use against mortal foes.  He was backing his horse away from the main body of the fight when someone cut his horse out from under him, and he was thrown to the ground.  Darkness took him for a moment, then he groggily tried to creep out of the fray but he felt a booted foot on his back, squarely between the shoulders, that pushed him to the ground.
He heard the approach of hooves and his captor spoke to the man upon the horse, “he is the only survivor sir.  Should I make an end of him?”  
The captain said quietly, “bring him.  We can always make an end of him later.  Perhaps he has information we can use?”  
Kyan felt a blow to the base of his skull and darkness took him.  He awoke to find himself tied like a bundle on the back of a horse that was making a careful way through a tangled wood.  Kyan blinked several times to clear his vision and began to look about.  His curiosity gained him another blow to the head.  This time he awoke in the darkness and found himself secured to a tree with a single guard by his side.  The guard noticed the prisoner was awake and alerted the captain; several of the more curious members of the party came to see what might happen with their vile guest.  The captain was a man in his prime, though the difficult life of the Whiteguard had aged him prematurely.  Kyan studied the curious faces but saw none he recognized until a woman joined the party and stood at the shoulder of the captain.  
“Clara!” gasped Kyan in astonishment.  
The entire party of onlookers gasped in wonder at the boy’s recognition of their captain’s sister.  The woman herself studied the captive in astonishment and gasped, “Kyan?”  
The strange reaction of his comrades soon attracted the attention of Fyanor, who had been sitting close by the fire.  One of his friends led him by the hand towards the place where the others were gathered.  The captain said to the woman, “I thought your brother was dead?”  
The woman nodded grimly and said, “so did I.”  
Fyanor had reached them and said, “are you certain this is your brother?  The man I once knew is long dead; I buried him myself.”
Clara studied the captive more closely and said, “if he is not my brother then he must be his long lost twin.  What say you Fyanor?”  
Fyanor said, “I cannot see to know, but perhaps his voice will prove or betray him?  Speak stranger, that I may know you.  Are you truly this woman’s brother and my lost friend?”  
Kyan was overwhelmed with the strange situation and it was a long moment before he could say, “it was I that fell behind and he who fell to the Wraith.  My heart rejoices to see my beloved sister and dearest friend alive and among friends.”  
All gasped at his strange revelations and looked to Fyanor for his pronouncement.  Fyanor smiled for a moment but then his face fell as he realized what this strange revelation might portend.  He said, “the voice is that of my lost friend, though far fairer than ever his was wont to be.  It is also the voice of he that freed me from my captivity.  How he comes to be among the living once more I cannot tell.  If you are my friend, tell me how it is that you live again?  How did you come to be in such a place and able to render me such aid?”  
Kyan said quietly, “I am indeed your friend of long ago but the secret of how I come amongst you is not mine to tell.”  
A secret smile graced Fyanor’s lips with this answer and he said, “I am satisfied and see no reason to fear him.”  
Clara said, “is it truly you?  How come you to be in the uniform of the Enemy and to infiltrate his stronghold?  You will not tell us how it is that you live again?  Is it some fell trick of the Enemy?  Are you simply a Wraith in tragic guise?”
Tears stung Kyan’s eyes as he said, “dear Clara it is I and no servant of that vile prince.  All these years I hoped you safe after what befell our parents and grandmother.  It is a joy unspeakable to see you again.  How it is I came to be within that fell fortress garbed as I am, even I cannot say but I did what I must and now you must decide what to do with me.”  
Clara said, “how did you know I was not dead all these years?”  
Kyan said, “I followed you into the wood that day and saw you spirited away by one of the Mistborn and after, I hoped it had been away from danger she had taken you rather than into it.”  
Clara smiled and said, “how ever it is that you are come back to us, it is a joy to see you again.  I thought myself alone the survivor of all my poor family.  I see no reason to fear him.”  
The captain said grimly, “two have spoken on his behalf yet still I do not trust him.  Our laws require three to vouch for him else he must ever remain a captive or meet the justice we mete out.”  
The captain looked each of his followers in the eye but none were willing to trust the stranger after such peculiar tales, but finally a man far to the back spoke, “I will speak for him, if only for the trust Clara and Fyanor place in him.  But I caution that he must touch no weapon while amongst us.”  
The captain nodded, “three have spoken and our laws have been satisfied but I see no reason why Zaren’s suggestion cannot be heeded as well, at least until he earns my trust.”  
Clara said, “but that will leave him helpless before the Enemy!”  
The captain spoke grimly to his adopted sister, “it is better than dead, as befits the traitor he seems.  I do not trust him in the least.”  Clara nodded sadly but Kyan did not seem concerned in the matter.  No mortal weapon would serve him so he might as well go unarmed if it pleased the captain.
The captain said as the boy was loosed, “I will require you to answer certain questions at a later time but for now you may renew your acquaintance with your friend and sister, if that is what they truly are.”  The man stomped away and the others withdrew that the three might be alone.  
Kyan said quietly, “I cannot blame him for his watchfulness.  It is certainly a strange situation in which he finds himself and the safety of all depends upon his decisions.”  He wasted no more time in idle chatter but exchanged greetings with his friends.  
Clara said in amusement, “he is more growl than bite.  He is very protective of his adopted sister.  It was his family that took me in when I was borne away so suddenly.  I know of your strange adventures from Fyanor, until he thought you dead.  Can you tell me what has happened since?”  
Kyan said, “it has been a strange and wonderful time for me, though I do not know how long it is in your reckoning.  More of my adventures I cannot say at the moment.”  
Fyanor said, “it was nearly five years ago that I found you dead upon the lonely fields.”  
Kyan nodded, “it has seemed only hours yet also a lifetime since!”  
Clara eyed him curiously, “where have you been that time has passed unheeded?”  
Kyan smiled sadly, “you will know the full tale one day, but for now be content in knowing I am well.  I will speak at length later but for now I must beg an audience alone with Fyanor.”  She gave him one last hug, shook her head in amusement, and muttered ‘men’ as she disappeared into the camp.  Fyanor listened to her go and then fell into step with his enigmatic friend as they withdrew to a private place to speak.
Fyanor shook his head, “I thought never again to see you in mortal lands.  What brings you among us?  Are you satisfied with the answer to the question I could not answer?”  
Kyan laughed, “I have much yet to learn about my new occupation but I am content for the moment.”  He sobered as he said, “there is some plot against you and your fellows, I fear a traitor within.  What can you tell me about those you ride with and any strange happenings of late?”  
Fyanor said, “you know well the habits and customs of the Whiteguard, having ridden among us.  All the men I have served with seem upstanding men, friendly companions, and competent warriors, but there have been whispers of late that perhaps there is a spy among us, for a number of our comrades have mysteriously vanished, been found dead, or captured by the Enemy.  I feel myself somehow betrayed but cannot prove it.  I do not know what I shall do now, for a blind warrior is of no use to anyone.  Perhaps I should return to my people though my heart yearns to remain and help yours.”  Kyan smiled deeply, though Fyanor could not see it, as he pressed a small vial into the hand of his old friend.  Fyanor asked curiously but with much eagerness tingeing his voice, “what is this?”  
Kyan said, “a vial of water from a stream that flows deep within your fabled woods; you know well that river my friend and the uses thereof.”  
Fyanor smiled joyfully and said, “you have thrice been a blessing to me this day!”  
Kyan shook his head, “thank our Master, save for Him I would be of no avail to anyone.  I suggest you let no one know that your eyes have been healed until after the traitor is rooted out.”  Fyanor nodded grimly but a smile still touched his lips.  They talked some of the current state of things before Kyan felt he must speak to others this night.  He bid his friend a warm farewell and went to search out the stranger who had spoken on his behalf.
He found Zaren by the fire, who motioned for Kyan to walk with him to the edge of the camp that they might speak alone.  Kyan said, “I would like to thank you for speaking on my behalf.  Why did you do it?”  
The man shrugged, “Fyanor and Clara seemed to have no reservations so I figured we had best give you a chance.  Perhaps you can repay the favor somehow, someday.”  
Kyan said, “let me know how I can be of assistance when the time comes and I shall avail myself as I may.”  The man smiled and wandered back to his seat by the fire.  
Kyan heard the heavy fall of approaching feet and turned just as the captain placed a large, firm hand on his shoulder and said, “we should talk.”  Kyan nodded and allowed the man to draw him aside.  The captain said, “my sister is certain you are no imposter but I am still not convinced you are not some fell servant of the Enemy come to destroy us.  Fyanor also is sure but elves are ever optimists.  Why Zaren trusts you I cannot fathom.  How will you convince me that you are trustworthy?”  
Kyan said plainly, “I can say nothing to convince you to trust me.  Trust is something that must be earned and I have done nothing to earn yours.  I can only ask you to trust our mutual Master to know that things will end as they should.”  
The captain laughed in spite of himself, “you are at least well spoken for an infidel, if such you are.  I suppose I should not immediately distrust you either.  I will give you time to prove yourself one way or the other, but know I have no patience for traitors.”  
Kyan nodded, “fair enough.  Any other questions?”  
The captain smiled grimly, “I have many but it seems you will not or cannot answer any of them.  Perhaps your tongue will loosen in time?”  
Kyan shrugged, “what must be revealed will and it is not for us to say when or what that will be.  I wish with all my heart that I could tell you more.”  
The captain felt the earnestness in his words and said in farewell, “I hope one day to hear the full tale.”
By now the night had grown late and all but the watchmen had withdrawn to their blankets.  Kyan was provided with a sleeping place though he did not physically require sleep.  He sat patiently in the dark, thinking over what he had seen and heard since his arrival.  He watched the guards wake their replacements and seek their own blankets and then the replacements did likewise until finally morning was come.  He rose from his place and sought out his sister.  They exchanged greetings and many memories until breakfast was finished and all was stowed for the day’s ride.  
As they mounted, the captain said, “we had best put several days of hard travel between ourselves and this place as the Enemy will be hot for revenge after Fyanor’s rescue and our ambush of his soldiers.”  
The men murmured their agreement as they rode swiftly off into the burgeoning day.  There was little time to talk, for they rode as fast as they dared press the horses over such a distance.  They stopped only long enough to water the horses and for a brief rest and rode long into the night.  The men were exhausted by the day’s travel but they efficiently went about the business of setting up camp and preparing the evening meal.  While the men ate, Kyan tried to speak with some of the company but they drew away as if from some dangerous snake.  Only Fyanor, Clara, Zaren, and the captain would speak with him and the latter only out of necessity.  The others eagerly shared their unease with the captain and their fellows, only increasing their distress about the strange man in their midst.
Kyan sighed at his failed attempts at communication but the approach of Zaren eased his disappointment.  The man smiled, as if he were unused to such a display, and motioned for Kyan to join him in a quiet corner of the camp.  Zaren said, “you remember that you owe me your life?”  
Kyan said, “I owe you a debt of gratitude at least.  What is it you would have of me?”  
Zaren glanced around nervously and then said, “tell me truly, are you not some servant of the Dark Prince come to play some trick upon his enemies?”  
Kyan cocked his head, “and what would give you that idea?”  
Zaren smiled eagerly, “what else could you be?”  
Kyan asked, “and if I were, why are you not terrified at my presence as all else here seem to be at the mere rumor?”  
Zaren’s smile deepened, “because I too am a servant of our Dark Master.”  
Kyan kept a neutral expression upon his face as he said, “and if I am not, why are you so bold as to tell me this about yourself?”  
The man’s smile became sinister, “because you will not dare reveal my secret, for no one shall believe you and also, I shall retract my vote on your behalf and thus you will again be a captive.  Now if you are a servant of the darkness, tell me truly that we may work together to destroy these rebels.”  
Kyan said, “I will not tell you who or what I am nor my purpose in this place.  But you are correct in your assumptions concerning my secrecy, for now your confidence is safe from most of our comrades.”  
Zaren snarled, “if you will not help me then you can expect no aid on your behalf either.  Leave me alone and perhaps I will not bother you.”  He stood suddenly and stomped back towards the fire.  Kyan could only stare after and shake his head in wonder.  
Fyanor soon joined him and said, “what did you say to irritate Zaren so?”  
Kyan sighed, “I have found your spy but have no power to stop him.”  
Fyanor nodded grimly, “could I not take it to the captain?”  
Kyan snorted, “you have no proof save my word and that is less than helpful.  For now we shall watch and see what our villain is about, perhaps we can catch him in the act of betrayal.”  
Fyanor nodded glumly, “so it must be.”  
They talked for a time but Fyanor soon felt the need to seek his blankets.  Zaren glared balefully at Kyan until he too retired for the night.  The next several days continued as the previous day had begun and they soon put many miles between themselves and their enemies.  The guard was kept too vigilant and the captain pressed them too hard for Zaren to make any move against his seeming comrades, but as the distance increased their watchfulness began to wane.  Finally a night came when they stopped at a more reasonable hour and the watch was reduced to its normal level.  The captain hoped to rest for a day before moving on to their next patrol circuit.  The company sighed with relief at the prospect of a restful night at last.  All retreated gratefully to their blankets early that night though Kyan never slept and ever watched the darkness.  The most dismal hour of the night drew on and all was silent, save the occasional shifting of a horse in its sleep.  Zaren rose silently, like a mist from a bog, and made his way slowly out into the darkness, careful to avoid the sentries.  Kyan followed just as silently.
Zaren’s caution was not enough however, for one of the watchful guards queried, “who goes?”  
Zaren stopped his stealthy approach and walked nonchalantly towards the watchman and said idly, “it is only Zaren, Eanar.  I could not sleep and thought a little exercise might be of benefit.”  
Eanar’s brow furrowed as he said, “you know the rules, none are allowed past the sentries after dark.  You had best return to the camp.”  
A scowl darkened Zaren’s face as he rushed towards Eanar; Kyan saw a flash of moonlight on metal as Zaren drew a dagger from some hidden place.  Kyan raced towards the imperiled man but he was too late to prevent the inevitable.  Eanar gurgled as he fell with his throat cut and Zaren turned to face Kyan with sword bared.  Zaren growled, “you were warned to stay out of this.”  
Noise erupted in the camp as men were awakened by the fracas.  Zaren saw that flight was pointless, but smiled in dark amusement as he ran Kyan through the abdomen with his sword and tossed the bloody dagger atop the stricken man as he fell.  The captain and half the company came running to the source of the noise.  Lanterns and torches suddenly flared to life as the captain looked grimly upon the scene and demanded of Zaren, “what is this?”  
Zaren said darkly, “murder in the night my lord.  I should never have spoken on behalf of this fiend.  He killed Eanar before I could stop him and tragically, I was only able to avenge our fallen comrade.”  Kyan lay on the ground, clutching at his wound and gasping in pain; he saw the horrified look upon Clara’s face and the sad but determined look upon Fyanor’s.  He felt himself fading and wondered if there were not some way he could hide his true nature from those gathered about him.
“Well?” growled the captain of the stricken man.  
Kyan gasped out, “this man is a spy and a murderer.  He killed Eanar when he challenged his flight into the dark.  He admitted to me himself that he was a servant of the Dark Lord and begged my aid.”  
Zaren scoffed, “you have no proof, traitor.”  
Kyan smiled grimly, “there were whispers of a traitor in your midst long before I was among you.”  
Zaren scowled, “he heard the rumors from Fyanor and uses them to hide his own treachery.”  
Kyan felt himself coming apart and looked pleadingly at his friend.  Fyanor could see that Kyan would not last much longer: a misty light flickered in his eyes and his boots and fingers were losing definition; he spoke up on his friend’s behalf, “can we not let the man die in peace?”  
The captain said grimly, “he did not give Eanar that chance.”  
Kyan gasped, “Zaren’s hands are stained with blood.  How is it that I stabbed a man when I was forbidden the use of even a belt knife?”  
The company looked closer and saw that Zaren’s fingers were indeed red with blood.  The captain growled, “he speaks sense Zaren.  What defense have you now?”  
Zaren’s innocent smile had melted into one of utter malice and disdain for those about him.  A hideous sneer made his features inhuman as he roared, “believe the fool if you must!  I care not.  I am the traitor in your midst, but know that you will not live to exact revenge!”  
At his words, a terrible baying shattered the night and a hideous hound, the size of a small horse, leapt out of the darkness.  Kyan gasped, “fellhound!”  
“Yes,” snarled Zaren, “and it is the last thing you shall ever see.”  He pointed at the stricken man and the horrid beast engulfed Kyan in its terrible jaws.  A horrible crunch followed and the beast whined uneasily as the weight of its prey suddenly vanished and wisps of mist trailed to the ground from between its teeth.
Fyanor grinned triumphantly as everyone else drew back in horror.  The fog assembled itself into a misty man armed with a sword.  “Mistborn!” snarled Zaren in near despair as he motioned for the hound to take on this new foe.  The hound however slunk away from the apparition and fled into the night, but Kyan was not so easily defeated.  He vanished and reappeared suddenly before the hound, dealt it a swift blow, and it disappeared with a pathetic howl and wisp of smoke.  Zaren shrieked worse than his hound as he fell to ash before the astonished company and blew away on a sudden gust of wind.  Clara and Fyanor ran to embrace Kyan while the rest of the company stared in amazement.  
Clara said a bit sadly, “so you are dead.”  
Kyan said quietly, “I am beyond death, dear heart.  Weep not, for we are not forever sundered.”  
She smiled, hugged him one last time, and withdrew as the captain approached and went to one knee, saying, “can you forgive me?”  
Kyan shook his head, drew the man to his feet, and said, “kneel not before me!  We are both servants of the King.  Neither is there anything to forgive.  You did what you thought best in protecting those in your charge.  Farewell.”  Kyan exchanged one last smile with Fyanor and vanished into the mist that had now engulfed the night.  The company exchanged a mystified look before seeking their blankets.

 Kyan found himself again in the Elfwood, he saw Eanar yet on his knees with his back to Kyan.  The man stared off into the darker depths of the Wood in some astonishment as a brief flash of white revealed the retreating form of a magpie.  Kyan smiled in spite of himself to find poor Eanar in the same confusing situation he had so recently endured.  The man slowly got to his feet and turned to survey his surroundings; he started when he realized he was not alone.  He stared in astonishment at Kyan as a touch of fear mingled with the surprise and confusion in his eyes.  
"You!" came the gasp of surprise, "You are one of the Mistborn?"  
Kyan laughed, "you mean we, my friend.  Come."  Kyan motioned for the astonished man to fall into step beside him as they wound their way deeper into the forest.  
"Oh!" stated Eanar as suddenly everything became clear.  
They stopped before the beguiling path that led into the Heart of the Forest, both yearned to make that final journey, but neither was quite ready.  Kyan smiled, “if you are not yet ready to take that road, let us continue on, for we have an assignment.”  Eanar nodded and they continued on their way, suddenly finding themselves on the edge of the forest, hidden from the view of a young man who seemed to be poking about the edges of the wood, not quite sure what to make of such a place but fervent in his quest.  Kyan spoke softly, “this young man will very shortly be in need of your assistance.”  
Eanar said, “what of you?”  
Kyan smiled grimly, “I have a much more unpleasant task before me.”  
“Who is there?” said the startled boy as he heard the faint whisper, as of a slight wind in the undergrowth.  The two mistborn, again in mortal guise, stepped out of the concealing vegetation and made their presence known to the boy.  He relaxed his grip on his sword and said, “who are you and can either of you make any sense of this forest?  I have been trying to get deeper in for hours but find myself constantly walking in circles!”  
Kyan grinned, “it is a strange wood certainly, but only to those who do not understand its ways.  The Master of this forest uses it for His own purposes, of which mortal mind often cannot comprehend.  You two had best take cover.”  
Eanar and the stranger exchanged a startled look, but feeling the warning in the words, lost no time in diving into the underbrush.  No sooner had they vanished from sight than the sound of hooves was heard coming quickly up the path.  The hidden pair watched in stunned horror as half a dozen horsemen thundered into view and surrounded Kyan.  They studied one another for a moment before the leader of the band said, “that’s him all right.  Take him.”  There was a brief struggle, but Kyan was no match for so many strong adversaries and was soon overcome and borne away with the vanishing horsemen.  
Eanar and the stranger crawled out of the undergrowth and exchanged another mystified glance.  The stranger said, “should we not go after him?  It is me they were after, not your friend!”  
Eanar smiled slightly and said, “Kyan can take care of himself I think, the larger question is what about you?”  The boy gave him a confused look but soon they were lost deep in conversation about the meaning of life or lack thereof.

Kyan awoke with a headache sometime in the darkest reaches of the night, his sudden movement drew the attention of the guard watching over him, “finally awake are you boy?  Good, then you will be greatly disappointed that your little attempt at flight has failed utterly.  One way or another you are going to do your duty by your father.  His lordship has most graciously offered your services to the Dark Prince and you will abide by that edict or die in the process.  Am I understood?”  Kyan nodded grimly and the man continued, “we are riding for Kelmatha and there you will learn what you must to serve our Dark Master well, and if not, then you will be sorely regretting it I think.  Get some sleep, once we reach our destination your life is going to be a living misery until you submit to our mutual master.  We do not like cowards or traitors so I would think deeply about how much you cherish your life!”  He laughed darkly and returned to his silent vigil.  
Kyan tried to adjust himself within the confines of his bonds to find the most comfortable position possible.  He smiled to himself, wondering what these dark soldiers would think if they knew who it was that they had really captured.  That wandering youth was the youngest son of some unknown lord and had fled to the Elf Wood seeking sanctuary when his father had given him over to the Dark Lord in exchange for some favor or in payment of some debt.  The boy was expected to take his place amongst the Blackguard or even within the ranks of the more terrible servants of evil, but instead had fled in the night but not soon enough, for he was quickly pursued by the minions of darkness.  They had overtaken him upon the brink of that strange wood, and in his present form, Kyan looked enough like the fugitive that he could easily take his place while Eanar tried to direct the youth’s life down a more meaningful path than even he could yet imagine.  
The journey was a grim one for Kyan and the half dozen other recruits picked up en route.  Most were there by choice, hoping to find their place in the world, while one was forced into this situation by his parents’ hope to gain something thereby, and the other had been unlucky enough to catch the eye of the leader of the little band thus finding himself conscripted.  Finally they reached a great black wall, that seemed to stretch on for a mile, adorned with spikes of iron all along the top to prevent anyone from trying to scale it.  
The leader of the little band spoke with dreadful glee to his little troupe, “welcome to Kelmatha, here you will learn to obey and submit to the Dark Prince and his legions or you will die.  None leave here alive save by the will of the Dark One, am I understood?”  There was much grim nodding and he continued, “then I leave you in the capable hands of your new master.  To obey is to live, that shall be your new motto all the rest of your days.”  He laughed maliciously and vanished into the gate ahead of them.  Suddenly a dozen black clad guards emerged and herded the terrified boys into the gate, which clanged ominously behind them.  
In the fading light of evening they could roughly make out various structures that would not be out of place in a military barracks.  They were herded roughly and silently from building to building while they were processed, registered, provided with equipment and lodgings, fed, and cleaned up from the journey.  They fell gratefully into their beds yet dreaded the dawn, not knowing what it might reveal.  Kyan wondered what his strange part would be in this tale.  Morning arrived but its golden glory was overshadowed by the dread and despair of which Kelmatha reeked.  They assembled on the bare dirt between the numerous buildings for morning roll call before being dismissed to breakfast.  What followed were weeks of training in the martial arts and military strategy and the tenets of the Dark Prince.  Those there voluntarily, or who submitted readily to the whims of their dark overseers, quickly gained favor and rank within the student population and used this new position to bully the less favored, making life even more miserable for those who did not wish to partake in such an escapade.  Of these, as the days passed, more fell into line with the thinking of their masters out of fear, despair, or a thirst for power.  
Of the fifty students present at various stages of training, Kyan found himself the unwitting shepherd of the three students who refused to submit to the mounting pressure and threats to give in to the darkness.  Their teachers cared not whether the four renegades would finally give in or not, it was all the same to them.  They always enjoyed having a few rebels around, it added greatly to their own amusement and they would be dealt with eventually.  The other students took great pleasure in causing the rebels trouble and never failed to hassle or bully them if given the chance.  
Besides for the wall and the soldiers, Kelmatha was an impossible place to leave without permission.  There were several Fellhounds and their masters about the place that could easily chase down and devour a runaway.  A harpy, a horrible creature with the head and hands of a man but the body and wings of an eagle, ever kept watch for rebellion and revolt.  His pitiless eyes never failed to see trouble and deal with it severely.  There was even a Wraith who sometimes appeared when least expected.  Besides for offering comfort to the three holdouts, Kyan was unsure what his part was in this little drama.  As they completed their training, the recruits would ride out under the watchful eye of any number of the Enemy’s minions to swear fealty to their lord at Golcamoth, the dark gate that led into the horrible land over which the Dark Prince held complete sway.  Afterwards, they would be given an assignment and dispersed to the four corners of the world to carry out the will of their new master.  
Those rebels that managed to survive basic training but refused to bend knee before the Dark Prince soon found themselves burned upon the altar instead as an offering to that dread lord.  If Kyan and his rebels three were to have any chance, it must be to escape upon the journey to Golcamoth.  The day was swiftly approaching when their class would be done with their training and commence upon that terrible journey.  Gorvin, the best, brightest, and most terrible of the students in their coterie was intent on becoming a Wraith, while the others contented themselves with aspirations of joining the Blackguard.  He spent much time in taunting Kyan’s little foursome about the fate that would await them upon journey’s end.
Finally the day of their departure came.  Gorvin was allowed a place of honor and would be in command of the students in the party while a heavy guard was sent along with a Fellhound, the Harpy, and the Wraith.  With such companions, Kyan wondered if any of them would survive an escape attempt but he knew that it would be better for his companions to die in the attempt than to arrive alive at Golcamoth.  As they rode, Gorvin taunted them endlessly and the hearts of the three boys would have long ago given in, save for the encouragement from Kyan and his complete indifference to the threats of the others.  Gorvin was mystified by the unflappable student and was determined to keep a close eye upon him.  The harpy certainly watched the little foursome, and especially its leader, closely.  The Wraith watched all with equal derision, for all were so far beneath him in power and importance that he cared little for any of them, save those who dared cause trouble.  The other students were jubilant upon the journey to finally be able to realize their dreams while the four renegades were quietly hopeful that something might happen to free them from their current circumstances.  
One night a week into their journey, the shades of evening were drawing closer and they drew rein for the night.  Sentries were posted and night came on.  The watch was changed and the deepest hour of the night drew nigh.  Kyan was restless and watched the dark, knowing something was afoot but not quite sure what.  Suddenly chaos erupted as a rain of arrows fell among the sentries and a few hit the sleepers.  The alarm was quickly raised and everyone was soon fighting for their lives with an unknown though numerous foe.  Kyan’s companions were nearby and needed no urging to use the distraction to sneak from the camp.  The three boys vanished into the cover of the woods with Kyan bringing up the rear, when he felt the deadly cold of a wraith’s blade touch the skin of his back.  
“None shall escape fool,” said the cold voice in delight, “once I have taken care of your rebellious friends I shall hunt down and destroy each of those that dare attack us!”  
“Not so fast,” said Eanar, coming out of the shadows and driving his blade into the Wraith, who howled in despair and fury before falling to dust.  
Kyan smiled, “nice timing.  See to the safety of my fled companions.  Watch out for the Fellhound, I will deal with the harpy.”  
Eanar nodded and vanished into the woods.  Kyan returned to the camp, which was in complete disarray.  The attackers were fled or dead, but the destruction of the Wraith and the flight of the three boys caused a near panic in the camp.  Such things did not happen to the servants of the Dark Prince!  The Houndmaster and his beast were gone, tracking the renegades, but the panicked howl soon told the fate of the grim beast and its master.  The harpy was circling the wreckage of the camp, squawking incoherently, when Gorvin screamed at the thing, “go find those renegades and we shall have our revenge!”  It never got the chance; Kyan found a bow among the forgotten luggage and sent an arrow through the thing’s heart.  He might not be effective against mortal flesh, but such a monstrosity fell easily to his attack.  All stared dumbstruck at the final insult of the night before turning upon its instigator.  Kyan was quickly overcome and once more bound hand and foot. 
The remnants of the party quickly broke camp and were soon on their way towards Golcamoth as fast as they could push the horses.  They had lost far more of their number to the ambush than had their attackers; they dared not remain any longer in that place to risk losing more.  The captain of the soldiers and most of his officers had been lost in the fighting as had the Wraith, leaving Gorvin in command and he lost no time in assuming it.  He was even more confused by Kyan.  Why had he not fled with his confederates?  How did he manage to kill a harpy?  Vainly he tried to extract information from the renegade but to no avail.  With a light of mad glee in his eyes, Gorvin consigned his silent enemy to the fires of Golcamoth.  They finally arrived at the grim little settlement that had grown up near that terrible gate.  
No mortal could pass that gate into the lands of shadow and not emerge completely in the sway of the Dark Prince, but neither could any be forced through that gate against their will.  That dread land had no wall or fortress to protect it and why it needed a gate when all one had to do was cross the terminator was a question often asked by those foolish enough to look upon it.  On one side was the pleasant normal world, but an inch further and you entered a land of murky brown clouds out of which a constant drizzle fell upon grim hills nearly lost in a somber twilight.  Those that crossed willingly suddenly vanished from mortal sight and were never seen again as they once had been.  Golcamoth was simply a great gate that ever stood open, a sort of formal entrance into that wretched and forsaken place.  Before it stood a small village that catered to the needs of those mortals with business there.  There were also two stone tables before the gaping maw into the lands of death.  One ever burned with an insatiable black fire, into which heretics and rebels were cast alive.  The other was where the terrible rituals that produced such things as Wraiths were carried out.
The dismal party arrived and the Wraith that had accompanied them formerly greeted them at the gate with, “finally made it, have you?”  
Gorvin drew himself up, unintimidated by the creature and said, “we have come.  Let us commence with the reason for our journey before anymore nonsense hinders us.”  
The Wraith smiled darkly, “and what are you going to do with your captive?”  
Gorvin said, “he is a rebel and a traitor and will suffer the fate of all such.”  
The Wraith laughed, “I would not do that were I you.”  
Gorvin scoffed, “and what know you of such things?  You did not even complete the journey!”  
The Wraith shook his head, looked grimly at Kyan, and said under his breath, “I would be wary of any seeming mortal who can destroy a harpy.”  
Gorvin did not hear him nor did he care what the apparition had to say.  The surviving students all bent knee to the Dark Prince and joined the Blackguard while Gorvin allowed himself to be bound hand and foot to the vacant table.  A tall man, if man it was, in a hooded black cloak raised a fell looking knife over Gorvin’s chest while chanting something in a terrible sounding language.  
As the knife was raised to strike, Gorvin commanded, “throw in the infidel.”  
Kyan, still bound, was tossed like so much lumber upon the ever burning flames of the second altar.  As soon as the flames touched him, he vanished in a cloud of wet smoke that quenched the flames and then cracked the altar upon which they had burned.  From far away within the murky lands beyond the gate came a strangled sound, as if a yelp of pain.  
Gorvin vainly tried to yell, “stop.” 
It was too late.  The knife found its mark and they cut out his still beating heart.  Had they tossed the organ into the flames of the second altar, a Wraith would have been born into the world, but alas for Gorvin, the flames were extinguished and his career ended before it had begun.  The suspicious Wraith watched in grim amusement as the little disaster played out and then set the new recruits to work clearing the rubble and rebuilding the broken altar.  He shook his head in amusement, the fool should have suspected something when no threat could shake the unflappable wretch, and most especially when he managed to kill the harpy: a thing no mortal could do.  He might look human, but he had certainly been one of those wretched Mistborn and you could not bring such a creature into contact with those flames without causing a disaster.  But it was only a temporary setback and a minor insult to his Dark Majesty, nothing that would not be set right within a day, except perhaps for Gorvin, who would now be ruing it for all eternity.

Kyan found himself lying on a mossy riverbank amidst a dense fog.  He was half surprised not to find himself on fire.  Amused laughter filled the air as Kyan stood and met the dancing eyes of Eanar.  They shared a smile and Kyan asked, “and how was your half of the adventure?”  
Eanar smiled, “much more pleasant than yours I think.  My lost lordling and your three deserters are all riding with the Whiteguard while your aspiring Wraith has failed to attain his goal.  A small victory but a victory nonetheless.”  
Kyan smiled, “that was certainly a strange sensation and I would be glad not to endure it again.”  
Eanar cocked an eyebrow, “are you then ready to enter the Heart of the Forest?”  
Kyan smiled sheepishly, “I did not mean that, I will endure what I must in the course of my duties.  I just meant that that particular experience was by no means pleasant.”  
Eanar laughed, “I can imagine, but since you are still intent on remaining in active service, at least for the moment, we had best be about our next assignment.”  His amusement faded as he said, “we have a grim task before us, at least on the part of an old friend.”  Kyan nodded, as he suddenly understood.  They vanished together into the mist, leaving the sunny bank to its own musings.  
Eanar suddenly found himself on a winding cart path in the depths of a different wood; the sky was grey and a constant drizzle drove out any joy that might have strayed into the day.  A horse came quickly round the bend and reared at the strange apparition upon the road.  The rider slid from the saddle and tried to calm the frantic beast; his eyes were wide as he looked upon the phantasm in the path and said in amazement, as recognition dawned, “Eanar?”  
“At your service captain,” said Eanar to his late captain.  
Trilby left the fractious animal and drew his former companion into a long hug, “it is captain no longer my friend, I am retired from all that.  What brings you to me at such a place and time?”  
Eanar looked grim, “I have terrible tidings indeed.  Even as we speak, the servants of the Enemy are invading your home.”  Trilby went white with fear and then reached for his absent sword, as if he meant to fight the invaders over the distance of several miles.  Eanar placed a firm hand on the man’s shoulder as he made to chase after his strayed horse.  
Trilby turned in anger, “what are you doing here, why are you not defending my family?  Let me go, I need to ride to their aid!”  
Eanar shook his head grimly, “you above all others know the meaning of duty.  You can do nothing but die if you ride home now and that will not help anyone save the servants of evil.  The Master yet has things for you to be about, do not neglect your duties to Him!  Your children are safe, but it will fall to others to raise them.  Your wife has been called home.”  
Trilby fell to his knees in grief and horror, “but can I not at least die with her?”  
Eanar put a comforting hand on his friend’s shoulder, “it is not yet your time.  It is the hardest thing in the world to survive those we love, but in the end what are a few years in the eyes of eternity?  Trust her and yourself to the Master’s keeping and you have nothing to fear and no reason to weep.”  
He offered his hand to the weeping captain, who took it and was pulled to his feet, saying, “what must I do?”  He rode north grieving, but not as one without hope.

Kyan stood in the kitchen of a farmhouse that might once have been his own, save that house burned long ago.  A woman was busy cutting vegetable at the table and looked up in surprise, “Kyan?”  
Kyan smiled at his sister and said quietly, “the enemy will soon be upon you.  I would recommend barring the door and windows.”  
Years of life as a fugitive and soldier had bred into her a sense of action, and when it was appropriate to ask questions and when not.  She laid aside her work and quickly did as she had been instructed; she then gathered up her infant son and a daughter barely old enough to walk.  She then asked quietly, “what is to come of us?  Are you here simply as a harbinger of doom?”  
Kyan said just as quietly, “the Master calls you home, but your children shall reach safety.”  
She laughed even at such a pronouncement of doom, “my children shall be spirited away even as I myself was so long ago.  What of Trilby?”  
Suddenly Eanar stood in their midst, saying, “he has been apprised of the situation and rides north in search of the Whiteguard; he sends his warmest wishes and wants to die alongside you, but such has been forbidden him.”  
She smiled sadly, “he would wish such a thing!  I suppose you are come for the children then?”  
There came a banging on the door and she paled, but handed each of the men one of her offspring.  Her courage grew as she knew her children were safe, and said, as she dug a sword out of a trunk beside the bed, “just like old times.  I suppose I shall see the two of you now and again?”  
Kyan said gently, “farewell dear heart; we shall not be long sundered.”  Suddenly they and the children entrusted to them were gone, as the door gave way before a dozen soldiers in the livery of the Blackguard.  Clara fought valiantly but there were too many, though she sold her life dearly.
Kyan suddenly appeared, still holding the infant, upon the ivory steps of one of the great elvish settlements scattered about the Wood.  One of the Mistborn in their city was nothing uncommon for such folk, but one holding a squalling child of the race of men was something else altogether.  An elder of the city rushed to meet the stranger and his precious burden, saying, “and what is your strange errand my friend?”  
Kyan replied, “I know I ask something altogether strange of your people but it must be done.  This child is to be raised as one of your own.”  
The elf said, “this is certainly strange indeed!  It has never been done in all of our long history.  What of his, er…more selfish nature?  Can he be allowed to blemish our perfect city with his innate ability to do wrong?”  
Kyan said, “he will of course be cast out of the Wood when first he willfully gives in to his baser nature, but until then, raise him in the lore and wisdom of your people.  The Master has great plans for this little one; he is to spread the Truth to the entire world of men.”  
The elder gently took the child and said, “we shall do as you have asked and trust ever in the Master’s perfect will.  If He asks, then we shall certainly comply.”  Kyan smiled, bowed, and vanished again into the ever present mist of the Wood.

Trilby sighed heavily and stared blankly into the depths of his untouched drink; a tear ran unnoticed down his cheek as he contemplated the ruinous mass that was his life.  They had been happy and he had for a time thought themselves forgotten by the dangers that haunted the world, but alas he was gravely mistaken.  
“May I join you?” came a familiar voice, though one not heard in several years.  Trilby looked up into the face of a man that he was not sure whether to greet as an old friend or as a harbinger of doom.  
He shrugged and resumed his melancholic meditations as Kyan took a seat beside him.  Several minutes passed in silence and finally the man said in dejection, “what is it you want?”  
Kyan said quietly, “what is it you need?”  
Trilby said despondently, “I do not know.  How does one go on after everything he loves is taken from him?”  
Kyan said in reminiscent grief, “take one day at a time.  Cry when you must.  Take comfort in our Master.”  
Trilby scoffed, “what comfort is to be taken?  That is easy enough for you to say!  She was my wife!”  
Kyan nodded and said, “she is my sister.”  
Trilby looked up in surprise, for a moment forgetting his grief as he had forgotten that the man beside him was his brother-in-law.  He smiled sadly and said, “I suppose you are right.  But I never imagined such grief.”  
Kyan nodded in commiseration, “all the talk in the world of eternal hope barely eases the pain but time will lessen it somewhat, but it shall haunt you all your days.”  
Trilby gave him a pathetic look, “you are some comforter.”
Kyan smiled, “one day you will look back and wonder what all the fuss was about, but from a mortal perspective it seems to take forever to heal, not that it ever does completely.  The last thing you need right now is to be alone and inactive, left to stew in your grief.”  
Trilby sighed, “I am too old for whatever it is you are suggesting.”  
Kyan grinned, “you would not have been picked for such a duty if you were.  Come, old friends may perhaps ease your grief if I cannot.”  
Trilby looked up expectantly and was not disappointed to see both Fyanor and Eanar walking into the inn’s common room; they smiled in greeting upon sighting their old captain and Kyan.  After a brief exchange of greetings they resumed their seats, but Kyan was ill at ease.  He exchanged a sudden look with Eanar, who stood and hastened out the back door.  He reappeared and said, “the back is clear, I suggest we go out that way.”  
Trilby frowned, “just what is going on here?”  
Kyan said in grim anticipation, “you three are going to make a silent exit out the back while I remain to meet with an old friend.”  
Fyanor laughed, “I am glad we are not the sort of friends you speak of in that tone.”  
Kyan said quietly, “I await the man that betrayed my family and eventually became the Wraith that slew me.”  
Fyanor whistled, “an old friend indeed and one I am loath to meet again.  Farewell my friend!”  
The others exchanged a look of grim surprise, gave their hasty farewells, and vanished from the inn.  Kyan took Trilby’s place, yet with the untouched mug before him.  His friends had not been gone very long when the front door banged open and the sound of heavy booted feet filled the room.  The Wraith appeared a man cloaked all in black, he scanned the room and jumped slightly in surprise upon recognizing Kyan, but then a look of pure, vile pleasure graced Roan’s lips as he realized what the wretch’s presence here must mean.  He motioned for the man with him to follow; Roan’s companion was a graying, hunched figure obviously cowed by the Wraith but who seemed to have an aura of dusty books and forgotten lore about him.  Kyan moved over and made room for the strange pair to sit down; this was not to be a violent meeting, at least not yet.  
“You seem to be expecting us,” said the Wraith, “I had thought never to see you again after our last encounter, which probably means you are exactly what we are looking for.”  
Kyan nodded, “I was waiting for your friend, you I could certainly do without.”  
The Wraith laughed, “unfortunately for you, that is not an option.”  
The man looked from one to the other, not really impressed by this unflinching youth who seemed just another dusty country boy seeking shelter for the night.  The professor asked of his companion, “you know this boy?”  
Roan laughed darkly, “I am the one that killed him.”  
The scholar gave Roan a very confused look, “then what is he doing here?”  
Kyan grinned, “waiting for you.”
The Wraith rolled his cold, dead eyes and said, “have you so little comprehension of the things you are so desperate to study?”  
The little man drew himself up in professional indignation and said, “you promised me one of the Mistborn, not some foolish boy that you mistook for dead.”  
“Have you a dagger?” asked the Wraith of the professor, who cowered at the cold, mocking voice.  
He squeaked in reply, “yes.”  
Roan laughed darkly, “then use it to kill the fool and I shall prove my point.”  
The professor gasped, “are you insane!  I am not a violent man, I will not so much as injure another person let alone murder one!”  
Said the Wraith as patiently as he could, “then will you take my word that this fool is what I say he is?”  
The professor scoffed, “I do not understand any of this.  How will killing him avail anything?  Of course I do not believe that this scruffy wanderer can be anything of the sort.”  
“Very well,” sighed the Wraith, as he reached across the table and grabbed Kyan, who briefly tried to struggle against his enemy’s grip, but whose overwhelming strength easily snapped his neck.  The professor’s face was one of horror then suddenly became one of awe as the seeming boy went limp for a moment and then resumed his seat, but no longer was he a common looking boy but very obviously something not quite solid.  The other occupants of the common room saw the apparition, screamed, and vanished out either door.  
Kyan shook his head ruefully, “was that really necessary?”  
Roan snorted, “to convince my unbelieving companion it certainly was.  Were it anything but a direct order, I would not have been so gentle.”  
Kyan raised one eyebrow, “if that was gentle I would hate to see you in earnest, but then again, I already have.”
The Wraith laughed darkly as he stood, “and I do not doubt you shall feel my blade again.”  Roan turned on the Professor, “remember your promise to my master.”  The Wraith vanished quickly out the door, leaving the two alone.  
Kyan cocked his head, “what was all that about?”  
The Professor smiled greasily and shrugged, “just a little complication; nothing you need worry about.  So you are really one of these mythic Mistborn?”  
Kyan raised both eyebrows, “can there be any doubt?”  
The Professor frowned, “looking at you I would say no, but then a few minutes ago I would have said there could be no way you were such a creature.  How is it then that that fiend said you are dead?  I do not believe in ghosts.”  
Kyan smiled at the comment and silently wondered how much he was allowed to reveal to this strange little man, when suddenly the magpie lit on his shoulder saying, “the man is a skeptic of all beyond mortal experience.  You may reveal what you will to him and he likely will never believe any of it, but he has desired above all else to be the first man in history to make an in-depth study of the Mistborn and has even made a bargain with the Dark Prince for the chance of it.  I have agreed to this little exercise simply for the hope that he might yet find life in Me.  Do what you can to aid his quest in the hopes that it not end in tragedy for his soul.”  
The interaction had taken less than a moment and Kyan said, “I am no ghost sir, simply a man beyond such things as mortal life and death, and am in the service of the True King.”  
The man snorted, “your King is as mythic as that dark man’s Vile Prince.  There must be some rational explanation for all of this, but at last I shall have my chance to make an adequate study of your species.”
Kyan frowned, “my species?”
The professor laughed, “what else would you have me call it?  Your race?  Your people?”  
Kyan grinned, “I come of the same stock as yourself sir.  I am naught but a man, albeit one beyond mortality.”  
The professor crossed his arms, “then what of that dark man?  He bragged also of being immortal?”  
Kyan shook his head sadly, “all men are destined for eternity, some choose the Master, all others eternal night.  Roan has chosen the darkness and a living death; he may have strange abilities and inhuman strength but he is little more than an animated corpse enslaved to evil.  What is it you truly seek?”  
The professor said thoughtfully, “to understand that which man considers legend or myth.  I want to know the truth behind such concepts.  I deny that there is anything beyond mortal life and that which we can touch and feel in the mortal sphere.  I want to know the rational explanation behind all this.”  
Kyan said quietly, “you will never study the stars if you close your eyes when looking at the night sky.  So too will you never learn the most important truths in all the world if you close your mind to that which you consider mythic.  Watch and learn, then judge if your vision is too small.”  
The Professor shook his head grimly, “I do not believe.”  
Kyan extended his hand, “then see.”  The man reached out cautiously and took the misty appendage, screaming in terror as he felt himself dissolving into mist.
But it was only for a moment and he found himself again quite whole.  His misty companion was very nearly translucent beneath the searing sun overhead.  They crouched behind a large boulder and peeked out at the horrific gates of Golcamoth.  The professor stammered, “what is this place?”  He stared in wonder at the dismal lands beyond the border, which made this sere land seem a thriving garden and a very oasis of joy in the desert of despair.  He eyed the wretched little village and looked in grim silence upon the gates and the altars before them.  
Kyan said quietly, “this is the very southern extreme of the mortal world; you look upon the lands of the Dark Prince whose dread falls upon this whole land.”  
They heard the approach of hooves and saw a party of the Blackguard riding along the lonely road towards the gate.  They drew rein and one of their number dismounted.  “What are they doing?” gasped the horrified professor, as the man allowed himself to be bound to one of the altars.  In disgusted awe, the professor watched as the man’s heart was cut out and tossed into the fire that ever burned upon the other altar.  Then in amazement, he saw the murdered man flex his arms and break the chains binding him; he sat up and laughed in horrid delight.  
The professor shivered and the nearly invisible Kyan said quietly, “you have just witnessed the birth of a Wraith, or perhaps I should say the final death of a mortal soul that willingly sold itself into slavery to evil.  Come.”  The professor glanced around at Kyan’s warning tone and paled to see the party of dark guards riding towards them.  He thrust out his hand, took that of his transparent companion, and refrained from screaming as again his world faded into mist.
Solid once more, they sat in a pleasant forest glade, Kyan again looking no more than the boy he once had been.  The professor shuddered, “that was dreadful!  But I still do not understand what it was we saw.”  
Kyan replied, “that man willingly gave his soul in exchange for powers and talents beyond mortal ken but is now ever enslaved to the Evil One.”  
“What foul rites did you endure to gain your own strange habits?” demanded the professor.  
Kyan shook his head, “I did nothing but trust the Master with my soul.  Any power in me is none of my doing but comes solely from Him.” 
 Scoffed the man, “so you too are a slave?”  
Kyan smiled, “nay sir, a willing servant.”  
The professor sighed, “it is all so much mumbo jumbo to me.  Where are we now?  The Fairy Wood?”  
Kyan nodded, “very good.”  
The man snorted, “if we are going to see the southern extreme of creation, I would not doubt we would see the northern also.  Both are just as mythic.  So what is so special about this place?  I feel almost as uneasy in the shadow of these trees as I did upon the southern borders.”  
Kyan shook his head, “is it truly the same?”  
The professor thought for a moment and said, “no, both inspire fear but this place has a feeling more of awe and wonder whereas the south held nothing but terror and dread.”  
Kyan nodded, “finally, some sense!”
The professor stood stiffly, “I did not say I enjoyed either feeling.  Now tell me what it is I want to know, what it is I have endured all these confusing visions for?”  
Kyan asked, “what is it you would know?”  
The professor snorted, “anything and everything.  What are you?  Who are you?  What is this place?”  
Kyan smiled wistfully, “this is the place where Time borders Eternity.  Upon its borders mortal men may walk, the Mistborn frequent, and the Elves and other creatures dwell but in the Forest’s Heart lie wonders and knowledge beyond mortal comprehension.”  
The professor looked a starving man who had stumbled upon a feast, “you must take me to this place.”  
Kyan shook his head, “none may venture thither and touch again the mortal sphere.”  
The man frowned, “then what are you?”  
Kyan laughed, “I have passed beyond death but have not yet fully entered Eternity, I have simply skated upon its fringes else I could not be of service to those within the mortal sphere.  I may choose to take that path, but not yet, for there is no returning.”  
The professor sighed, “how then am I to write my paper if I cannot take that path and return?  How are you to answer my questions if you have not seen such things?”  He sat down in dejection then brightened, “but at least I can see this thing if I cannot share it with the world.”  
Kyan shook his head, “none treads that path without the Master’s leave.  Only those faithful to Him may find it and not before mortal life fails them.  Live faithful to Him and you will one day take that path.”  
The man scowled, “that is of no use to me.  That fiend offered me similar advice!  I can only gain perfect knowledge if I take his mythic master up on his offer!  Bah!”
Kyan asked, “what is it your dark friends are interested in?”  
The man shrugged, “they want me to make a weapon of some sort, which in itself would be a fascinating venture.  They want something that will permanently damage or otherwise render useless such creatures as yourself.”  The professor cocked his head, “he broke your neck, how is it that you suffered no ill effects save a change in appearance?”  
Kyan’s eyes were wide at such a revelation, wondering if such a concept truly could come to be, but he said, “man is only meant to die once and that I have already done.  In the course of my duties I may appear as a mortal as you first saw me, mortal injury renders me again into my more normal appearance.  Certain weapons and spells of the undead servants of the Dark Prince can send me back to the Fairy Wood from whence I must set forth anew, my weapons can do the same to them save that they return to their fell master.  I cannot injure mortal men and they cannot damage me more than superficially.”  
“What of elvish weapons?” came the curious question of the professor.  
Kyan frowned in thought, “the elves within the Fairy Wood are deathless, as they have never rebelled against their Maker, but they carry no weapons save those who choose to leave in service to the Master in the lands of men.  There are no rebel elves so the situation has never arisen.”  
“What about them?” came the astonished voice of the professor.  Kyan followed his line of sight and watched in wonder as a file of several hundred elves, all seething with anger and pride, left the shelter of the Wood.  An unconscious shudder ran down Kyan’s spine, could there possibly be such a thing as an elf rebellion?
The magpie once more sat upon his shoulder and whispered, “all thinking creatures may choose to rebel against Me.  These poor souls are only doing as the fathers of men once did long ago.  They are angry about the human child in their midst and will have no more to do with Me or My plans.  So they are leaving to seek their own place in the world.”  Kyan shuddered to think any creature would make that choice.  
He turned again to the professor, who watched the vanishing line of elves with a curious look on his face, saying quietly, “they do not die yet they have forsaken both your vaunted Master and the Dark Prince.  Why cannot men do the same?”  
Kyan shook his head, “men once did, that is why we find ourselves in a world fraught with sorrow and death.  Only the blood of our Master can atone for our rebellion and bring us back to Him.”  
The man laughed scornfully, “I need neither your Master nor his atonement, but I would dearly love to speak with these elves.”  He leapt to his feet and raced after the retreating figures.  Kyan dashed after him, knowing the grim feelings these rebels must have towards mortal men.  Kyan overtook the man and physically tried to turn him back to the shelter of the Wood, but he had no strength when it came to overcoming the will of a mortal man.  
Kyan cried out in desperation, “fool!  They will kill you!  They have no love of mortal men!”  
As if in answer, several bows snapped and an arrow took Kyan in the leg while the others missed hitting flesh by only a hair’s breadth.  This was argument enough for the Professor, who turned and fled back from whence he had come while Kyan limped painfully after him.  The elves, not wishing to return to the place they had so recently abandoned, continued on their way.  They sat panting in the shadow of the trees and Kyan pulled the arrow free; the wound was already beginning to heal.  The man stared in amazement at the regenerative power of Kyan’s mortal visage but then turned his greedy eyes to the arrow.  The elf weapon could apparently injure one of the Mistborn, at least in mortal guise, what might it do to one in his normal form?  
Kyan asked, “and what are you planning to do with that?”  
The professor snorted, “somehow make it into a weapon that will destroy you and your ilk and make me famous!”  
Kyan sighed, “do not be ridiculous, only the power of the Enemy can do that and if he could, he would have done it long ago.”  
Mused the man, “according to your strange logic, you cannot kill one already dead but can you force him back into mortality, thereby rendering him useless in service to his master?”  
“An intriguing idea!” squawked a great raven upon the verge of the Forest.  Kyan drew back in dread and horror, the very sun seemed to dim in the presence of that bird which was no fowl of mortal kind.  The unholy creature spoke in tones of doom, “the creation of such a weapon requires the sacrifice of a willing heart.”  
The professor swallowed hard, “what do I get in exchange?”  
The bird mocked, “power, prestige, you will be famous!”  
The man nodded as he eyed Kyan coldly, “and it will rid the world of such drains upon reason?”  The dark bird’s laugh was malice itself.
Kyan broke in desperately, “you cannot do this!  You will doom your soul?”  
The man sneered, “I do not believe in a soul but I believe in the immortality of fame.  Let your bargain be struck bird, I shall pay the price.”  
“So be it,” intoned the raven, and then he vanished like a shadow in the sun but his mocking laugh echoed long after his departure.  
The professor held the arrow awkwardly but seemed to know what he must do.  The man who had never intentionally harmed another, struck out at Kyan with all his might.  The arrow stuck fast in his shoulder and burned like the sun, a great darkness came upon him, and as he fell senseless upon the summer grass, Kyan vaguely saw his attacker smile in triumph, grow misty with a look of horror upon his face, and then he vanished and Kyan knew nothing more.  He roused in the dark, aching as he did not remember feeling since he lay dying alone upon the plain.  He gazed up into the ever shifting eyes of Eanar, who smiled sadly down at his friend.  Kyan sat up and put a hand to his head and rubbed at his aching shoulder, now remembering what it was that had roused him.  Eanar had pulled the arrow free, which had caused enough pain to jar Kyan back into wakefulness while the arrow had fallen to dust once it was loosed.  
“Congratulations,” said Eanar, “you are the first victim of the Enemy’s strange new weapon, at least there is only one of them and apparently it is nonfunctional as long as you live.”  
Kyan frowned, “what do you mean?”  
Eanar said in an astonished voice, “you are mortal again.”  
Kyan snorted, cringed as his head complained bitterly, and said quietly, “that explains why I feel like death warmed over.  I thought that was impossible.”
“Highly improbable,” came the voice of the magpie, “but not impossible, at least not under the current laws of Reality.  You may be trapped in a mortal shell, but you are still Mine and are expected to continue as you have begun.  Neither can you take your place amongst human society, as you no longer belong to that world.  You will be restored to your former state once death takes you, but then so too will the Arrow regain its potency.  An interesting concept, but more of an inconvenience than anything else.  Be at peace child, I am ever with you.”  He winged off into woods and the two men exchanged a joyous look, never getting enough of their Master’s presence.  
Eanar held out his hand and Kyan took it ruefully, “how long until I no longer need a lift?”  They vanished into the mist upon their next adventure.

They materialized in the woods outside an eerily familiar village; Kyan blinked twice and rubbed his eyes then stared wonderingly at Eanar, who grinned like a naughty little boy intent on some mischievous act.  Eanar said, “you know what you must do.  Farewell!”  They exchanged goodbyes and Eanar vanished silently into the mist.  
Kyan watched him go wistfully, feeling something like a hobbled horse, unable to exercise his full potential, but smiled in knowing his Master could use him even so.  He crept from the surrounding woods as the sun also made her daily appearance; he smiled sadly, remembering all the joys and sorrows that had happened during his brief life in this little town.  The dawn silence was suddenly shattered by the strident shouting of a young woman who stormed from a dilapidated old hovel on the edge of town.  
Her cries of indignation rang in the morning air like a trumpet as she fled the house in a fury, yelling, “that is the last you shall ever see of me!  Uncle or no!  I will not suffer such abuse no matter your pathetic condition!”  
She vanished into a house deeper in the village and Kyan crept to the door she had vacated, still swaying slightly on its hinges; he peeked into the cluttered house, whose sole occupant was unable to rise from his bed.  Kyan jumped back in surprise upon recognizing the now ancient man, who once long ago had warned the village children upon the green about the dangers of believing certain old tales; the inadvertent prophet now lay bedridden and dependent upon the charity of all his relatives and neighbors who wondered miserably how long the old crank could possibly go on living.
“What do you want?” snarled the voice from the bed, “Either come in or go away.  Do not stand there gaping rudely at my open door.”  Kyan entered the crumbling house and closed the door behind him.  The old man frowned in consternation as he studied the boy, trying to place him and muttering to himself, “it cannot be.”  “Who are you?” snarled the old man in frustration.  
Kyan smiled slightly and asked, “who do you think I am?”  
The old man sighed heavily and said, “you mind me of a wretched boy who got his family killed twenty years ago because he could not keep his mouth shut.  But he was killed in the matter or ran off in shame, none knows, but he can no longer be walking this world.”  
Kyan grinned, “and why is that if you too can linger this long when all think you should be dead and gone years ago?”  
The man gaped, “you are he?  What do you want?  To get me killed too?”  
Kyan shook his head sadly, “you are in need of some help and I am in need of a place to stay.  Perhaps we can be of mutual assistance?”  
The man scowled, “some help is worse than no help, but it seems I have no choice.  I have grievously insulted the last of my unwilling relatives and may well die for lack of care if I do not take your offer.  Now tell me your tale.”  
Kyan shook his head, “perhaps one day I shall but not at the moment.  Are you still such a heretic?”  
The man scoffed, “even worse than when you were a boy.  I assume by such a question you are still such a fool as to believe old tales?”  
Kyan nodded, “worse than ever it seems.”  The old man sighed heavily and began making demands of his guest from that moment onwards.

Aver never felt himself an outsider amongst the elves, though he thought it strange at times that he was the only human in their midst and none would say why.  He knew his race lived beyond the borders of the Forest and had been banished thence for rebelling against their rightful King and Master, but why he was allowed to dwell there yet was a mystery he could not fathom.  He grew and learned as any young elf might, until one fateful day when he felt a great urge within himself to assert his independence.  He was a mere six years old when his adopted mother made some small request of him.  He crossed his arms, raised his chin, looked her defiantly in the eye, and with all his might said, “no.”  
She gasped in horror, for never had any elf child exhibited any such disobedience and tears came to her eyes as she realized what this meant for her human son.  Aver felt a little thrill of triumph and then a great horror as a cavern seemed to open in his once happy soul; something was dreadfully wrong!  The ever present mist of the Wood thickened about them into one of the Mistborn.  Eanar looked sadly at the child before him, held out his hand, and said, “it has come.”  
The child nodded, knowing innately that things could never be as they had been, he looked sadly at his mother, and then took the outstretched hand.  They both vanished into the mist, leaving the poor woman to wonder what would come of the boy, though they all knew this day must one day come.  The world resolved itself into a sunny morning in another wood far away.  Eanar looked down at the boy and asked, “do you know what you have done?”  
The boy was thoughtful for a moment, having grown up amongst the elves he was much more thoughtful and very well versed in lore, as compared to children his own age in the outer world.  Said the boy, “I have rebelled against my mother and therefore the King, thus I must leave the Fairywood.  What is to come of me?”  
Eanar nodded, “you must now learn to dwell among men, but fear not, for as long as you seek the King, you shall not be utterly forsaken.”  
The boy nodded, far too sagely for one of his age, but asked quietly, “how am I to make my way in the world?”  
Eanar smiled, “that has already been arranged.  That house shall be your new home.”  
The boy eyed the crumbling cottage in dismay, “I am not sure I like the look of it.”  
Eanar shook his head, “you should have thought of that before you were disobedient.”  
The boy sighed, “you are right.  I chose to rebel and cannot complain about the consequences, especially when I do not receive what I truly deserve.”  
Eanar laughed, “you will do well lad.  Now go meet your uncle.”  
The boy gaped, “my uncle?  Truly, I have relatives in the wide world?”  
Eanar nodded, “and he shall tell you what he knows of the tale, now off with you.”  The boy smiled eagerly and ran towards the house he moments ago looked upon with trepidation.  Eanar shook his head in amusement, vanishing once more.
The boy knocked loudly upon the door and a cranky voice from within shouted, “cannot an old man dwell in peace?”  
The boy quivered in terror, could this be his uncle?  He was about to flee in fright when the door opened and a smiling man emerged into the burgeoning day.  He shut the door behind himself and motioned for the boy to follow while the grouchy voice from within demanded to know what was going on.  Ignoring the demands, the two walked along the wooded edge of the village to speak privately.  Kyan looked upon the boy in wonder, seeing much resemblance to his sister and Trilby, but also something of the mischievous spark that lit his own eyes at that age, yet there was a wisdom and maturity there that never haunted the eyes of mortal children.  
“Are you really my uncle?” blurted out the boy, unable any longer to contain his excitement.  
Kyan laughed warmly, “your mother is my sister.”  
The boy gasped, “can I meet her too?”  
Kyan shook his head solemnly, “not until you pass beyond this mortal sphere.”  
The boy nodded in acceptance of something he had always seemed to know.  He brightened and asked, “and my father?”  
Kyan said, “I know not where he is or if he even yet lives among mortal men.  Perhaps one day you shall meet but not yet.”  
The boy nodded and looked back in apprehension at the cottage, wherein the cranky voice continued to complain about the bitterness of life, “is that old man related to me too?”  
Kyan laughed, “nay, but we shall be guests in his house so you will have to behave yourself.  He is not as bad as he seems but he is bedridden and haunted by old guilt and fear.”  
The boy stopped suddenly, never having met a heretic, “why does he not seek the Master’s peace?”  
Kyan shook his head sadly, “he wishes no part in the old tales.”  The boy’s heart felt as if it would break for pity of this wretched creature.  Who would willingly defy their Master and live in such a way?  Kyan said quietly, “it is his choice, but we shall continue to try convincing him of his folly.  Come, we had best get you some breakfast.”  The boy smiled in anticipation of both food and helping this poor blind man discover what it is to see.
They returned to the cottage and the man tried to sit up suddenly, but could only turn on his side and glare, “and what does this waif want?”  
Kyan smiled, “meet my nephew.  He will be staying with us indefinitely.”  
The man scowled, “how is it you have any living relatives?  Where did he come from all of a sudden?”  
Kyan shrugged, “he is my sister’s son and has recently been forced to abdicate his former abode.”  
The old man turned over grouching, “as long as he does not disturb me.  Must I feed every wanderer that passes through the village?”  
Kyan shook his head and set about preparing breakfast for the three of them.  The boy adapted to life amongst his own kin remarkably well, though the other village boys were often distant since he seemed entirely too old for them.  The sudden appearance of both the boy and his uncle raised many questions and spawned more rumors amongst the village folk but none confronted them on the matter so the truth was never known.  The old man actually began to feel a fondness for the boy though he never dared let his true feelings show.  The years passed and the boy grew and Kyan added to his already extensive knowledge of wisdom and lore.  For ten years they lived in relative peace and quiet, but it was not to last forever though it seemed the old man was intent on living at least that long.
Kyan had been on edge all day, sensing something but unable to define exactly what it was that was bothering him.  As evening drew about them, the feeling intensified and he said quietly to Aver, “whatever happens this night, do nothing foolish on my behalf.  If I tell you to run, run!”  The boy gave his uncle a look of concern but nodded his agreement, thinking it all nonsense.  But a moment later, he was proven quite wrong as the front door burst open and Kyan shoved Aver towards the backdoor and said, “hide!”  
The boy was terrified but his uncle’s strange words gave him some direction that he might not freeze in fright.  He dashed out the door, thought to hide himself, but then thought better of it and peeked in at the window.  He saw two darkly clad men enter, one laughed as the other struck Kyan with his sword, and then they saw the gaping backdoor.  The boy caught the look of stern command in his stricken uncle’s eyes; he choked back the tears as he did what Kyan had instructed him to do from the first.  Aver dashed into the night and secluded himself in some safe place, praying desperately for his uncle.  

The door burst open just as Aver vanished out the back and Kyan gaped to recognize Roan, as he entered the cottage with a captain of the Blackguard behind him.  Roan mocked, “so this is where you have been hiding yourself all these years?  I quite relish the idea of killing you twice!  I do not think such has ever been done in the history of the world.”  He nodded and the captain ran Kyan through with his sword.  Kyan toppled in agony and saw the horrified face of Aver peeking in at the window.  He stared at the boy and smiled to see him vanish upon catching his stern glance.  By now, the two intruders had taken in their surroundings and Roan ordered the captain out into the night to bring back whoever had fled via the backdoor.  Roan drew back the blankets from the old man’s bed and scoffed, “still alive are you?  Such a pathetic existence is too horrible to end with sudden violence.  May you live on for years in such misery, fool!”
The old man panted, “do I know you?”  
Roan mocked, “do you not remember me?  The boy who betrayed this wretch’s family to the Blackguard thirty years ago?”  
The old man was made of sterner stuff than the Wraith gave him credit for, as he demanded, “what do you mean by saying you will kill him again?”  
Roan glanced at Kyan and then looked the old man in the face, “he has not told you what he is?”  The Wraith laughed mockingly, “and you such a heretic!  Do you not know what it is that has infested your house these past years?  That which you deny the very existence of!  Look at him, fool!”  
The old man gasped in horror as he looked upon the dying Kyan, whose eyes had taken on their more usual, ever shifting look as of sunbeams through mist; his hands and feet appeared to be fading in and out of an unseen mist.  Scoffed Roan, “I shall leave you two to contemplate your ineptness while I go after the creature you have been sheltering for so long.  He will not long escape me.”  
He vanished out the backdoor and Aver dashed in the front, unable to leave his uncle alone any longer while the old man demanded from the bed, “what is going on?  What is that fiend talking about?”  
The boy crouched beside the stricken man with tears streaking his face, “what is happening uncle?”  
Kyan coughed, “I thought I told you to hide?”  
The boy smiled tremulously, “I could not leave you to die alone.”  The boy had never seen a mortal man die so did not think it strange that Kyan seemed to be fading away in various places; Aver assumed it was a normal part of the dying process.  
The old man in the bed railed, “what is wrong with you?  Why can’t you die quietly and in one piece like normal people?  What did that fiend mean by his words?”  
Aver looked at Kyan with eyes full of questions, and finally he said, “long ago, when your mother and I were but children, the Blackguard came to the village and killed our parents and grandmother.  I escaped into the night and my sister was spirited away by one of the Mistborn.”  He coughed weakly, took a gasping breath and continued, “I took up with the Whiteguard for a time but eventually they tracked me down and killed me.  This was all long before you were born.”  
Aver gasped, “how is it then you yet dwell among mortal men?”  The old man was for once silent in horror and wonder.  
Kyan gasped again, becoming less and less defined with each passing minute, soon he would be free of his mortal shell.  He asked of the boy, “do you know what the Mistborn are?”  
The boy shook his head, “I just thought they were another race of the Fairywood.”  
Kyan smiled eagerly, “not quite.  Upon my demise, I entered that service until some fell weapon of the Enemy recently rendered me mortal again, at least in form.”  
Aver gaped, “you are one of the Mistborn?”  
Kyan nodded weakly and finally felt himself fully released from his mortal constraints.  He stood, hugged his anxious charge, and said quietly, “they are returning, you had best hide.”  The boy nodded and dashed beneath the old man’s bed just as the Wraith and the Captain returned.  Kyan said quietly to that astonished man in the bed, “you had best make your peace with the Master for I fear your time is short.”  
The old man said in a quavering voice, “I know the old tales to be true, I once rode for the Whiteguard but betrayed my company to the Enemy and have had to live with myself ever since.  How can there be any escape for such as I?”  
Kyan said gently, “there is forgiveness for even the most grievous sin if we but humble ourselves and accept it.”  As he finished speaking, Roan’s dreadful laughter rang through the hovel and his sword pierced Kyan through.  He vanished in a flash of light and the Wraith leaned menacingly over the bed.
The Wraith took the old man and shook him harshly saying, “where is the boy!”  
The old man’s ribs cracked and he groaned with such treatment.  He whispered, “I am sorry…” he trailed off and lay still.  
The Wraith threw the corpse aside and glared at the captain, “assemble your men and search the village until he is found!”  
“I think not,” came Eanar’s voice, as he suddenly appeared in the midst of the hovel and banished the Wraith with a well placed sword stroke.  The captain froze and paled as Eanar said, “you will leave this place, take your men, and go!”  
The captain threw down his sword, nodded, and dashed away in terror.  The boy crawled from beneath the bed with wide eyes and looked upon the shattered old man with some sadness; he had been rather fond of the crotchety old man but he found solace in his last words.  Aver exchanged a smile with Eanar, as he said, “I thought to mourn for my uncle but something tells me this is more a moment for joy.”  
Eanar nodded, “the time for mourning is long past.”  
Aver shook his head, “now what?”  
Eanar glanced at the open door and said, “the world lies before you lad, you must go forth and find your place in it.”  And then he was gone.

Kyan found himself again in that Great Wood, feeling as if he had never left.  He glanced at the path leading into its Heart but felt drawn again into the outer world.  He smiled as he faded once more into the ever present mist of the Wood.  
The moon was full and cast the misty woods into haunted patterns of light and shadow.  Kyan looked mortal again, but only for the sake of his next mission, otherwise he felt fully himself.  “Who goes?” came the challenge from one of the sentries posted about the camp.  
A broad grin lit Kyan’s face as he recognized the musical voice of Fyanor.  Kyan said joyfully, “just an old friend.”  There was a gasp of surprise and joy and a very enthusiastic greeting.  Kyan asked, “is the captain awake?”  
“That I am,” said Trilby, emerging from the mist and releasing his grip on his sword, “I hope you do not bring more tidings of doom my friend?”  
They both laughed and exchanged eager greetings, and then Kyan said, “for once, I think my tidings will bring joy to your heart.  Your son is abroad in the world and will this very morning stumble upon you.”  
Trilby was silent for a full minute as sorrow and joy played across his face, before he said, “these are fair tidings indeed!  Where has he been all these years?”  
Kyan said, “he spent his first few years amongst the Elves of the Fairywood, but when his innate human tendency towards rebellion asserted itself, he was sent once more to dwell among men.  He spent the balance of his youth with his uncle.”  
Trilby scratched his head, “but I have no living siblings.”  
Kyan grinned, “your wife’s brother was overjoyed to perform such a service.”  Trilby and Fyanor both looked at him with wide eyes and Kyan continued, “I was truly mortal at the time.  Some fell weapon of the Enemy’s forced me again to live amongst mortal men but I am now in my more proper state.  A Wraith invaded our home and it was only upon that fateful night that the boy learned of my true nature and was driven from his home.  He now wanders the world, looking for a home and a purpose.”  
Fyanor cocked his head, “will you be riding with us for a time?”  
Kyan smiled, “yes my friend, for the Enemy will seek this child with all his vile might.  You must protect him from the Blackguard and I shall ward him from the Enemy’s undead minions, though the lad will know me not and it must remain that way.”  
Trilby smiled grimly, “just like old times.  At least this time I know I can trust you!”  
Kyan grinned, “but you will find me a rather useless soldier.”  
Fyanor laughed, “at least against certain foes but against others you shall be indispensable.”  
Trilby quieted as he said, “you cannot reveal yourself to the boy.  Can I?”  
Kyan smiled, “of a certainty, but you will find him quite mature for his age, having been raised initially under the vaunted tutelage of the elves and later with his bachelor uncle who had a penchant for old tales and ancient lore.”  
Trilby laughed deeply, “if that is the worst of his faults then I think I can bear it.  Now I recommend to both of you that we return to our posts.  Fyanor may resume his watching and I shall resume my blankets.  And you may do whatever it is your kind does.”  
Kyan cocked his head, smiled slightly, and said, “you know, I am not really sure what that is.”  
The captain laughed as he vanished into the night, saying, “that would be meddling ceaselessly in the affairs of mortals.”  
Fyanor exchanged a grin with his friend and said, “he does have a point.”  
Kyan grinned, “you are one to talk!”

Morning came and the company was surprised to discover a new recruit in their midst.  Both the captain and Fyanor assured them that he was an old campaigner and had accompanied them upon many adventures through the years.  Said one man doubtfully, “that I could better believe if he did not look half the captain’s age!”  
Trilby laughed, “come, come, I am not that old!”  
Which sent the rest of the company into fits of laughter as they broke camp that morning but ended the debate about the newcomer’s history.  They welcomed him eagerly into their midst and Kyan felt himself a boy again, newly admitted into the company of the Whiteguard.  He gave Fyanor an exuberant grin in remembrance of those exhilarating days.  They mounted their horses and set out at a measured pace that they might cover as much ground as possible without tiring their mounts.  
The captain motioned for Fyanor and Kyan to fall into place on either side of him and said, “why is the Enemy so dreadfully interested in this son of mine?  And why of all people were the elves chosen to raise him?  No offense to your people Fyanor but why are his own folk not adequate for such a task?”  
He turned questioning eyes to Kyan, who replied, “the Master has chosen him to spread His Truth far and wide.  An early education was vital to his success that he know all that he can when his time comes to speak hope into the hearts of many.  Of course the Dark Prince would bitterly oppose such a plan and thus destroy the means of it if he could.  So has our Master set such a guard about him.”
Fyanor grinned, “he will have a far easier time of it I think, than ever we did.”  
Kyan nodded gravely, “yet his will be a far wider audience than ever ours was, thus will the Enemy despise him most of all our Master‘s servants.  He will be well protected until the appointed time.”  
Trilby asked tremulously, “appointed time?”  
Kyan said quietly, “his brilliant career cannot last forever and each of us must fall in our turn, save perhaps Fyanor.”  
Trilby sighed heavily, “I am not sure I can survive another such loss.”  
Kyan eyed the captain in surprise, “this is a dangerous quest we have been set my friends.  There is not much hope for any of us long surviving it.”  
Instead of being terrified at this proclamation of mortal doom, Trilby seemed greatly content, replying, “I am getting too old for this sort of work and have lived far longer than I had ever anticipated.  No one in the Whiteguard, at least that I have ever heard of, has ever died of old age.  This Forest of yours sounds an interesting place and I have long wanted to discover its secrets.”  He smiled a little wistfully, “and see there those who have gone before.”  
Kyan smiled in remembrance and then looked to Fyanor, who was quiet in thought.  He met his friend’s eyes and said, “I knew the risks when I left my home but never has death seemed so certain, save perhaps when that Wraith pursued us that fateful night.  My people do not taste of it often so it will be a strange experience but one I am not loath to face beside two such friends!”  
Kyan asked curiously, “what of those of your people who left the Wood some sixteen years back?”
Fyanor looked aghast, “of what do you speak?”  
Kyan said in surprise, “you do not know?”  Fyanor shook his head and Kyan continued, “some ten years ago a number of your people left the Wood to seek their own life abroad.  I know nothing more of it than that they were frustrated with the Master for placing a human child in their temporary care.”  
Fyanor shook his head in wonder, “these are strange days indeed!  I suppose they must live as those of us who leave within our Master’s will.  We do not die but can be killed.  I wonder where they have taken up their abode and what they think of their self-imposed exile?  I wonder how they are ever to find their way back into the Master’s keeping?”  
“Those are questions I cannot answer my friend,” replied Kyan.  
Said Trilby, “it will be strange to think that elves abroad among men can no longer be truly trusted.”  
Fyanor said, “I think they will find some stronghold in which to set up their domain, well away from the weary lands of men and never shall they venture forth willingly if such is their contempt for the race of mortals.”  
Kyan nodded, “that would be my assumption as well.  I think you need not doubt those that ride freely among men.”
Their conversation was interrupted as one of the scouts rode quickly back to make his report to the captain, saying, “there is a ragged boy sleeping beneath the bushes ahead sir, I think he thinks himself well hidden.  Otherwise the path ahead is clear for some miles.”  
“Thank you lieutenant,” said Trilby, “lead on to the boy and then resume your scouting.”  
The young officer saluted and turned his horse to lead on to where he had seen the lad sleeping.  It was not far but the boy had vanished.  The sound of hooves upon the road must have wakened him and knowing himself to be hunted, he had probably hidden himself the more.  Kyan grinned, “Fyanor, do you think your horse can find our renegade?”  
The elf grinned, “he is as up to the task as any mortal hound.”  The horse whinnied his approval of the idea and immediately set about locating their quarry.  In a matter of minutes they found a thick grouping of thorn bushes in which the boy must have secreted himself.  
Trilby called out in eagerness, “come out lad, there is no need to fear.  You are amongst friends.”  
The boy, knowing himself caught regardless of whether this man spoke truly or not, crawled out from beneath the bushes and presented himself to his captors, asking, “what is it you would have of me?”  
The captain smiled, seeing the resemblance to himself and his beloved wife in the boy’s features, he said, “the better question is what would you have of us?  We are a company of the Master’s Whiteguard and stand ready to aid you as we may.”  The boy was astonished at such an offer and smiled to see an elf riding openly with the company, which put him much more at ease with this strange band of wandering men.
Smiled the boy ruefully, “who am I that would deserve your aid sir?  Who am I to command your men?”  
Kyan whispered to Trilby, “he knows nothing of his prophesied future.  For the moment simply offer him protection, provisions, and the hope of a future.”  
Trilby nodded and said to the boy, “we can at least offer you protection from your enemies, a bit of food, and perhaps an occupation, though perhaps a dangerous one at that.”  
The boy nodded, “I would be happy to join you if I be not a burden.”  The man smiled and motioned for his men to offer the lad one of the remounts.  The boy said awkwardly, “I thank you sir but I know not how to ride.”  
Fyanor offered, “come up with me lad, for another rider will not tire my horse as it will these mortal nags.”  
Aver grinned, “most gladly do I accept your offer, friend elf.”  
And up he got as the company moved on for fear of being found in the midst of the road by those who might be seeking the boy.  Trilby was bursting with excitement to be introduced to his son, but for now he must suffice himself with studying the boy as he conversed gaily with Fyanor as they talked of the Fairywood that both had once called home.  Finally the company stopped to water and rest the horses and themselves, and the captain found his chance to introduce himself to the boy.  He draped an arm around the lad’s shoulder and together they walked off a bit from the others that they might talk alone.
“He is quite an intriguing boy,” said the elf in wonder, “though there is something about him that reminds me much of a certain boy I once knew, long ago in my own youth under the mortal sun.”  
He exchanged an amused grin with Kyan, who replied, “but I think he lacks my talent for getting into trouble.”  
“True,” said Fyanor, “but that is a good thing I think.  Trouble enough shall haunt his steps.  Does the Enemy truly know what threat this lad will one day pose?”  
Kyan shook his head, “nay, he only knows that the Master has a plan and purpose for his life greater than that given to most men.  But all too soon he will be all too aware of the threat the lad poses.  His career shall be great but brief I think.”  
Fyanor said quietly, “as shall ours.”
The captain and his newly acquainted son walked back to the company as the hour of their rest gave out and all resumed their saddles.  The boy grinned in absolute joy and it was spread about the company with much astonishment and no little delight that the captain had been reunited with his long lost offspring.  Though eager to know more of his father’s and his own history, the boy dutifully refrained from distracting the captain as they rode.  Instead, he fell back and began speaking with each of the men in his father’s company.  By the time they stopped for the night in a well concealed place to make camp, each of the men held the boy so fondly in their hearts that he might well have been their own flesh and blood, such was his way with all whom he met.  
Said one of the men joyfully to his captain that night, “sir, this child is a wonder!  I would not be surprised if the whole world might not one day love him as each man his own son!”  
The captain nodded sagely, “like is his fate to be.”  He turned knowing eyes to Kyan as he said in an undertone, “and well I know how quickly the world can come to hate that which it previously adored.  But what is written must be and that which is must be endured.”  
Kyan replied quietly, “yet those who abide in the Master’s will are never without hope.”  
The captain laughed, “as I have been shown abundantly in my strange, tragic, and wonderful life!”
The next morning Kyan suggested, “sir, would it not be a good idea for the boy to venture into the next village we pass that we might see what strangers will think of him?”  
The captain said reluctantly, “I had hoped his destiny would not overtake him so quickly but so I know it must be.  Shall the whole company attend him?”  
Kyan shook his head and said, “I think Fyanor and I should be enough to ward him upon this minor outing.”  
Trilby nodded his assent and said to the lad as they mounted up, “we shall be passing a village early this morning my boy.  I am sending you and two of my men, or rather one man and an elf, thither.  Do there what you feel you must.”  
The boy eyed his father with some surprise, “sir, how is it you know the deepest yearnings of my heart are to share all I know with my fellow men?”  
Trilby smiled, “providence has a way of asserting itself despite our best efforts to avoid it.  Do as you feel you must and my men and I stand ready to assist you however we can.”  
The boy shook his head in wonder but wasted no more time in climbing astride Fyanor’s horse and an hour later, the three were riding eagerly into this meager village to see there the beginning of a miracle that would soon engulf the world.  The boy rode into the midst of the green, interrupting some small festivity in which the locals had been partaking and began to speak.  They were not upset at such an interruption and even more amazing, they were not offended by his words.  They listened in wonder as Aver recounted all the many tales of the Master and humanity’s desperate need for rescue.  And the villagers were not slow in responding as all were soon on their knees seeking the One whom they had until that morning thought only a myth.
Kyan and Fyanor exchanged a look of wonder at the talents of one so young.  Never had they had such a response in their own feeble attempts, not even on the part of a single person.  After speaking comfort and encouragement to these neophyte believers all the afternoon, the boy asked of his escorts, “now what is to come of them?”  
The answer was that one of the soldiers in the company felt called to remain with them and encourage them in their natal faith while several of the young village men volunteered to ride off with the company.  None noticed the shadowy figure on the edge of town who slunk off in the dead of night to inform his dread masters of this new eruption.  So it was that they passed from town to town and village to village, and in each locality the reaction of the populace was the same.  One knowledgeable in the ways of the Master would remain behind to aid these new converts while some would join the company, learn what they must, and then stay behind in their own turn.  So it was that the composition of the company was always turning over save for Aver, Trilby, Fyanor, and Kyan.  Such was the following of the boy that now every village or town he entered was on its knees almost before he entered and began speaking.  The whole world seemed to be trembling in anticipation of his coming, so loved was he and so wondrous were his words.  The Enemy of course would not let this new threat pass unheeded and meant to quash Aver and all who followed him, but it was not the Master’s intention to let that happen until the whole world had a chance to hear.  Those communities in which he had spoken would have to face the Enemy’s wrath in their turn but for now his focus was the boy.
The Whiteguard that had gathered around the boy grew to number around fifty experienced swords with a number of neophyte warriors attending them at any given time.  They proved quite effective in deterring any mortal attempt upon the boy’s life unless the Enemy mustered an army to destroy this impudent little gnat, which for some odd reason he had not yet managed to do; there always seemed to be some last minute failure in organization or a message failed to get through or men gathered at the wrong place.  There were many attempts by the Enemy’s more nefarious henchmen but Kyan never let any of these monstrosities near enough to harm the boy.  At least until Kyan himself became the target, once the meddling Mistborn was out of the way, the villains could do as they liked with the boy.  
They were near a large market town, Aver was surrounded by the entire populous of the city upon the fields round about it, and all listened rapturously to the young man in their midst.  A dozen of the Whiteguard stood about eyeing the crowd, watching for assassins and spies while Kyan stalked about the perimeter like a lion walking the borders of his territory.  His attention fell on a darkly clad man sneaking about in the trees upon the edge of the field while all others sat spellbound in its midst.  He saw the man raise a bow with an arrow nocked; Kyan shook his head, thinking the man a fool if he thought to hit the boy from that distance.  Then he remembered a certain arrow and its strange effects upon his person, but this realization came too late as he fell, pierced through the thigh.  He lay there dazed a moment, but roused as one of his companions rushed to him and pulled the offending shaft free.  Mortal again, he could not vanish and reappear suddenly in the little copse as was his wish in pursuing this fell servant of evil, but that did not hinder him in calling for his horse and giving chase.  
Roan waited expectantly for him in the little grove and laughed derisively, “so you think you can prevent us from taking this little prodigy of yours?  I think not!  My men shall take him alive and you can only imagine the agonies he will face as my Dark Master breaks the little infidel.”  Kyan drew his sword and Roan laughed all the more, “think you can hurt me, mortal? Come, have at me!  Do not think I will give you the mercy of a quick death either and waste the arrow forthwith?  I will take you alive and cast you into the deepest dungeon I can find and there shall you rot!”  
They circled and Roan laughed all the while.  They clashed for a time, Kyan’s blade holding the sword of his vile foe at bay, much to his surprise.  When last he had exchanged blows with this fiend, his sword might as well have been made of sunbeams, perhaps he could yet send the villain back to his master.  And so he did even as Roan’s vicious laugh turned into a wail of despair.  
Trilby and Fyanor suddenly galloped into the little wood, quite surprised to see Kyan panting in exhaustion and clutching his wounded leg in agony.  He answered the silent question in their eyes, “I am mortal once more.”  Then he collapsed with shock and exhaustion.  He woke to find his leg bandaged and his friends standing above him anxiously; he was not surprised to see Eanar among them.  Kyan grinned and said, “it is a regular reunion!”  
Eanar shook his head, “the Enemy is growing quite serious in his quest to see this boy silenced.  Our time grows short.”  
“Short for what?” asked Trilby.  
Eanar said mysteriously, “time itself grows short.”  
Trilby shook his head in confusion but Fyanor and Kyan seemed to understand.  The Master was using the boy to give all the world one last chance to hear that which was most important to each quivering soul and then after, none had excuse when He came forth from the Fairywood to confront His ancient Enemy for the final time.  On that day all men would then be required to give account of themselves.
Kyan was able to ride well enough the following day that the company might move on.  Eanar assumed Kyan’s place in warding the boy from the undead minions of evil while Kyan took up patrolling the borders of whatever town, gathering, or road they found themselves upon while everyone else continued in their regular positions.  The only result of the Enemy’s little attempt with the arrow was to render it useless for future attempts and draw another of the Mistborn into Aver’s guard.  The days passed swiftly and not without many attempts upon the boy’s life, but none succeeded due to the unwavering vigilance of those about him and also for the fact that it was not yet his appointed time.  But soon he would complete his tour of the known world and then after none knew what would come of him.  
Said Fyanor one day as they rode along, “what of my disobedient kin?  Shall none speak to them upon this matter?”  
Eanar shook his head, “that shall be attempted but not by our company at present.  All will hear that which they must as the days run out.”  
Fyanor nodded and resumed his constant scanning of the horizon for the ever present threat of enemies intent on taking their young charge.  It had been nearly two years and they had seen nearly all the world.  In fact, this very evening they planned their final stop in a small city upon the very coast of the sea.  After, who knew?
The Enemy also felt that his time had come.  He had been foiled in attempt after attempt to take the boy but no longer.  He had amassed nearly five hundred of his Blackguard and a hundred of his assorted undead minions to assault the fools at last, trapped as they were upon a lonely peninsula none could escape.  At last the Master had withdrawn His protective hand and let the Enemy attempt what he would.  It was nearly dawn by the time the boy finished speaking, and as the first light was breaking over the hills, the scouts rode back reporting a large mass of men and worse moving towards the city.  
Trilby quickly roused his men and ordered them to prepare for battle, then joined up with the others for their impromptu council of war.  “We cannot defeat such numbers,” said the captain.  
Kyan shook his head, “but we must make a stand.”  
Aver broke in, “what if you let them have me?  Then will they not leave the rest alone?”  They shook their heads gravely and he understood then that the Enemy had no sense of pity or mercy.  Once the boy was captured or killed, he would turn his attention to destroying everything he had spent the last two years building.  
Kyan looked to Eanar, “can you get him to safety?”  
Eanar exchanged a strange look with Fyanor, who said, “we are needed elsewhere.  I would proudly die beside you my friends but duty bids me back to my wayward people, who also must hear of these things and thence Eanar must carry me.”  
Kyan nodded in understanding and turned back to the boy, “remain hidden in the town until you are sent for or until it is overrun with the Enemy’s hordes.”
The boy paled but his face was grim with determination.  He exchanged perhaps his final farewells with them all and obediently ran back towards the city.  Eanar offered his hand to Fyanor and said quietly to Kyan, “fear not, you will not be alone for long in your fight against our perpetual foes.”  And then they were gone.  
Kyan turned back to Trilby and said, “it seems it is just us now captain.”  
The man wore a grim look but something like eagerness burned deep within his eyes as he said, “this will be an interesting day I think, especially if it be my last.  Come!”  
They had just turned to regroup with their men when Fyanor’s horse galloped up to them eagerly.  Kyan eyed the great stallion and a smile lit his face, as he said to the beast, “your master has other errands to which he must attend my friend.  Would you do me the honor of accompanying me into this suicidal fray?”  The horse screamed his delight and Kyan swung into the saddle, saying to the captain, “I will attend to those minions of evil over which mortals have no power but unless help comes from without I fear we shall be soon overrun.”  
The captain smiled eagerly, “we shall each fight our hardest this day and trust to our Master for the rest.”
The Whiteguard quickly formed up on the broad fields before the town and their enemies drew up before them with the wraiths, fellhounds, and other dreadful creatures in the fore.  Several harpies circled overhead either spying for their masters or waiting to attack.  These Kyan easily dispatched with a borrowed bow.  Their foes wasted no more time in forming up with this attack upon their aerial forces; immediately the undead creatures in the fore charged while the Blackguard held back and bided their time, in case the Master decided to miraculously intervene in their plans, but as the battle progressed this seemed dubious.  Kyan let the arrows fly as fast as he could work the bow but there was no way he could fell a hundred such creatures alone before they decimated the ranks of the Whiteguard.  
They did not just decimate: they annihilated their foes.  Kyan abandoned the bow, drew his sword, and fell upon the seething mass of destruction, seeking out and striking any of the vile creatures that he could reach.  Trilby was the first to fall.  Kyan watched helplessly as a wraith’s blade pierced the captain’s chest and the man toppled from his saddle.  Then the creature turned upon Kyan, but before he could raise his blade to defend himself, it vanished with a shriek and a wail revealing its vanquisher as it fell to dust.  Kyan stared in astonishment, for it was Trilby that had struck the blow upon his own killer.  The misty figure smiled at his friend for a moment but immediately dove back into the battle as Kyan discovered he was no longer alone.
Even as the men around him perished, they reappeared almost instantly, now numbered among the Mistborn and such reinforcements made short work of their remaining foes.  But what to do about the five hundred men that yet waited their turn?  If left to themselves they would quickly overrun the town and the Mistborn would be helpless to stop them.  Unless…  Once the last of their undead foes had been dealt with, half of the neophyte Mistborn suddenly vanished and reappeared behind the lines of the Blackguard, who in a panic at these wraiths, ran forward, only to meet those that remained before them.  
The sides closed ranks and suddenly the entire company of the Blackguard was surrounded by these seeming ghouls, with the power to destroy wraiths and all the other terrible creatures of evil, which they themselves dreaded above all else.  If that was their power over a wraith what could they do to a mortal man?  The mist engulfed the terrified men and all went to their knees in a quivering mass of terror.  Their captain bemoaned, “grant us mercy!  Is there no mortal man amongst you with whom we can plead?  Is there nothing left to us but this unnatural end?”  Their ranks parted slightly to admit, much to the delight of all these horror-stricken men, what truly appeared to be a mortal man.  
Kyan scanned his terrified audience silently for a moment and then said, “you may treat with me if you will.”  
Pled their captain, “we will do anything you ask!  Just get us away from these terrible beings!”  
Kyan said for all to hear, “then I ask that you disarm yourselves one and all.”  
There was some murmuring of fear at losing their only defense against these creatures but one young officer struck out at the nearest misty figure, dropping his sword in horror when he saw there was no effect upon his victim.  The murmuring ceased and as one, the entire company tossed all theirs weapons outside the clump of terrified men.  Satisfied, Kyan continued, “your lives will be spared but we ask that you deeply consider the plight of your own souls!  Consider those things which the Master has imparted to men and disobey them to your own destruction.”  
Said the captain in wonder, “we must submit then to this Master of yours if we wish to save our lives?”  
Kyan shook his head, “such a decision cannot be forced.  I ask only that you listen to one who can tell such things well.  After, you must decide what to do with what you have heard.”
He drew aside and Aver, mounted on Fyanor’s horse, made his way into the strange gathering, much in awe of all the misty figures surrounding the gathered enemy soldiers.  He then spoke at length to those gathered before him, and he spoke with such joy and fervency that they soon forgot the strange prison in which they found themselves.  Of these hard hearted men, there was not one that was not touched, at least for a moment.  
When the boy had finished speaking and had withdrawn to a safe distance, Kyan again addressed their captives, “you have now heard that which you must.  You must now decide what to do with it.  The final conflict comes between the Master and the Enemy.  All must take a stand on that day.  If you would renege your oaths to the darkness and wish to fight against him, by all means shall you be welcome amongst the Whiteguard.  If you tire of war, flee whither you will for what time remains but I urge you to yet seek the Master’s grace.  If you wish to remain as you are, then return to your vile master and tell him the time has come to gather all his forces on the plains before Golcamoth, for there we shall meet him!”  The mistborn encircling the men suddenly vanished and most of them fled, but about a hundred stood shakily and gazed about themselves in wonder.  Kyan approached them and they made known their hope of changing sides in this vile war.
The better part of the day was spent burying the dead and equipping the new recruits with whatever could be scavenged from the camp of the late Captain Trilby.  Eanar reappeared later in the day (in mortal guise) to speak with Kyan, saying, “Fyanor received a cold reception amongst his fugitive folk but they seem to be warming to the idea.  At least some of them.  Those that repent shall soon march forth to Golcamoth and the final battle.  Even as we speak, the Mistborn have scattered over the whole face of creation to call the Whiteguard to gather there as well.”  
Kyan sighed, “I wish I could join you.”  
“Nonsense!” chirruped the magpie on his shoulder, “You will need to lead my mortal servants thence.  At last the Day is at hand.”  He vanished just as suddenly and the two exchanged an eager look.  
Eanar laughed, “I guess you have your marching orders, Captain!”  
Kyan grinned in trepidation, not quite sure what to do with his new command but knowing innately that he would know what was to be done when the time came.  Aver squeezed himself suddenly into the conversation and said, “and what about me?”  
Kyan was about to say something about remaining safely in the village when a new thought struck him, so he replied, “you will need to encourage and teach our men, especially these new recruits, for the days ahead may grow dark and we will all need the Master’s hope in this strange venture.”  The boy grinned and dashed off to begin his new duties immediately.  
Eanar shook his head in amusement, “we shall meet again on the Day, Captain.”  He saluted and vanished upon his own errands.  Kyan went to muster his troops, for they must make an early start the next morning and it had been a very long day.
Kyan was rather surprised to find his men, whose lives had been so suddenly turned upside down, eagerly anticipating the future.  It was a miracle indeed!  They set out early the next morning and as they marched along day by day, whole companies of the Whiteguard joined their ranks as well as wandering individuals or pairs of men so affiliated.  They even acquired a number of volunteers from the towns, farms, and villages they passed.  The officer in charge of provisions and equipment said early into the march, “how are we to provision and supply so many men for such an expedition?”  
Kyan smiled knowingly and said, “it shall be provided.”  And much to their astonishment it was.  There never seemed to be a lack of food in their packs and any man lacking something simply asked about and someone always seemed to have exactly what was needed.  So their numbers grew daily until finally they stood upon the sere plains of Golcamoth.
The sun burned overhead and the great gate gaped in the distance; it was a dead and unfriendly land, the perfect place for such a battle.  But how would the Enemy take their arrival and intentions to await the gathering of all their strength?  Roan was immediately sent forth to confront the squatters and Kyan rode out to meet him.  Snarled the former, “what are you doing here?”  
Kyan grinned, “has no one warned your precious master?  He has been challenged to a final duel.  All our strength will soon be gathered and it is advised that you do the same.  We shall be patient.”  
Roan growled, “you are fools!  Utter fools!  My master has been gathering his servants from the ends of the earth and once he has destroyed you and yours, then he will march upon all mankind and make an end of them all!  We will let you gather your pitiful strength and then you shall see who rules creation!”  He turned his wretched mount and rode proudly back the way he had come.  
Kyan could not help but smile in anticipation, for he knew the Day must soon come.  He turned back to his men and ordered them to set up camp and prepare themselves for the coming onslaught.  They had waited a week and daily more men arrived, so too did Fyanor at the head of a small band of repentant elves, the rest had decided to attend to their own business and let humanity and the Master deal with their own problems.
Fyanor looked about the vast encampment and smiled in approval, saying, “and you are captain of all this?”  
Kyan snorted, “in name only.  None of it is my doing.  It is all the Master’s provision.  Even the Enemy letting us squat upon his doorstep is His doing.  Are you sure you want to die like this?”  
Fyanor gave him a quizzical look and said, “I knew the risks when I left my beloved Forest.  If you can, why cannot I?”  
Kyan clapped him on the back and said, “it is good to have you back.  Just remember when all this is finished you promised to show me around the Fairywood.”  
Fyanor said thoughtfully, “I think something much greater than the Wood awaits us my friend.”  
Just then a scout burst into the tent and declared, “an army sir!  A vast army!”  
The man and the elf hurried out of the tent and looked out upon the plain, now black with men and horses.  Fyanor shook his head, “even with all our forces gathered we cannot defeat such a number.”  
Kyan nodded, “but the battle is not ours but the Master’s.”  He turned to the scout, “rouse the camp.  It will soon begin.”  The boy nodded and ran off to do as he was ordered.  
Aver dashed up, greeted Fyanor, and said, “what am I to do?  I have no skill in battle.”  
Kyan said quietly, “before the fighting I would have you try and reach the stony hearts of the Enemy one last time.  They will not like it and will likely silence you.”  
The boy nodded contentedly and said, “thank you sir, I will not disappoint you.”  
Kyan smiled, “your father will be proud lad.”
Aver looked a little misty eyed and said, “I wish he were here sir, and my uncle too.  I suppose it will not be long ere we are reunited but I wish they could see this.”  
Kyan grinned, “your uncle at least has been here the whole time.”  Suddenly the boy’s eyes were opened to the reality of who this man was and he grinned like a fool.  Kyan continued, “I do not doubt your father will be about somewhere in the chaos.  I think most of the Master’s servants will have a part in this.  But you had best go find your horse and get ready for the final assault.”  
The boy was just about to dash off when he said to Fyanor, “your horse came to get me after the last battle and we have not parted company since.  Would you very much mind if he carried me one last time?”  
Fyanor smiled fondly at the lad and said, “it would be my honor.”  The boy grinned even more and dashed off to prepare for the day ahead.  Fyanor turned to Kyan and said, “it will be an interesting day to say the least.”  Kyan’s smile was reply enough.
The forces of evil completely surrounded the Whiteguard’s camp, which was stirring like a disturbed hill of ants.  The dark men seemed to fill the plain and vanish beyond the horizon, within their ranks stirred any number of the Enemy’s more vile servants.  The Whiteguard drew themselves into as good a formation as they could assemble, surrounded as they were, with Kyan and Aver at their head.  The ranks of the Enemy shifted eagerly into position, ready to wash over these infidels like a wave.  
Roan rode forward and mocked Kyan, “ready to surrender, boy?”  
Kyan shook his head and said, “never, but I will give your men one last chance to save their souls.”  
He nodded to Aver, who immediately began to speak to their foes about the plight of their souls and Roan laughed savagely, “let this be our reply.”  He motioned and one of his archers launched an arrow at Aver, who fell pierced from his saddle.  The elf horse screamed in rage and pawed the air.  
“So be it,” said Kyan, who turned his horse sharply and rode back to his men as Roan laughed derisively as he likewise retreated.  
They formed up, Kyan wondered how short this battle would be with the many horrible creatures teeming within the ranks of the Blackguard, but suddenly Eanar was at his stirrup with a broad grin on his face, “need some help?”  Kyan laughed for joy and ordered the charge.
Though vastly outnumbered, his men were loyal and eager and plunged headlong into the fray.  Eanar’s reinforcements appeared and disappeared throughout the Enemy ranks as they dispatched their perennial foes.  The chaos soon overwhelmed any hope of directing or encouraging his men and Kyan satisfied himself with hunting down some of those foes he could defeat, but that did not mean the men about him would ignore him as he did them.  One in particular was quite determined to have the head of this enemy captain for his own.  Kyan fell from his saddle wounded and the man was immediately upon him with his sword, but as he tried to claim his trophy, his victim suddenly stood and seemed impervious to any further attacks.  The man shrieked to see this ghost before him and soon lost himself in the fracas.  
Kyan smiled to find himself whole again, and it deepened as Trilby came up beside him and said, “good to have you back.”  Then they both vanished in search of more of the Enemy’s vile minions.  
The Whiteguard fought valiantly, but it could not overcome its much more numerous foe.  As the last man was struck down, Roan’s laughter floated over the field, now red with blood, and mocked, “is that the best you can do?  Are we to win so easily?”
None remained of the Master’s servants, save the Mistborn scattered throughout the triumphant Blackguard, who at that moment began to cheer, dance, and celebrate over their victory, yet at that moment the sound of marching feet was heard and upon the far horizon a light as of the rising sun was seen.  The previously elated soldiers looked upon the approaching army, that shone like the sun, and terror rose in their hearts.  They screamed in terror and fled before this wave of pure, undefiled light and vanished across the border into the Blighted Lands and were suddenly lost to mortal gaze.  Roan and his remaining comrades screamed their rage and struck out madly at the Mistborn in their midst, clearing the field of the creatures.  
Kyan felt himself pierced through, but instead of vanishing into the Fairywood he found himself marching along with a whole company of men, elves, and creatures to which he could put no name, but all faithful to the Master during their own lifetimes and now called forth to witness the Final Triumph of the Master over His ancient Enemy.  The Master marched at the head of the company and all reflected His light.  Finally, the undead minions of evil could stand that light no longer and they too plunged across the border, disappearing into that dread land.  Then even the dread land itself grew smaller and smaller, as a shadow might when the light approaches and then it was gone, banished forever to some corner of creation where it would never again mar the Master’s perfect world yet where the Enemy and all those who refused their Maker would spend the rest of eternity.
The Unicorn reared, screamed His joy, and the light spread throughout all the world.  Sin, sorrow, darkness, fear, and death fled before that light and ever after all was even better than any had hoped it would be.

Nothing but Legends:

Once, a great king ruled over a vast and prosperous kingdom, but a shadow lay heavy upon the land, for a monstrous evil dwelt to the south and ever threatened to overwhelm the lands of men, but the prophecies spoke of one who would come and challenge the power of this bitter foe.  But when representatives of the Sages, Seers, and Warriors came before the King the day after the birth of his first son, he was far from pleased when they proclaimed that the only hope of the Kingdom had arrived at last in the guise of the infant prince.  The King paced furiously back and forth before the men gathered there though whether the men, their message, or seeming fate had garnered his wrath, none knew.  They silently watched him march to and fro as he contemplated these most unwelcome tidings.  
He stopped suddenly and stared balefully at the Elder Sage, demanding, “are you sure this is true?”  
The man ignored the malice directed towards him, but nodded his head minutely and said in a raspy, dull voice, “certainly Majesty, else we would not be wasting your time or endangering our very lives in telling you.  Long have we studied the Prophecies and at last we are certain that the events contained therein have begun to unfold.  The ancient writings testify to it without doubt.”  
The King groused, “I do not believe the old tales and will not begin now!  What have you to say Seer?”  
The Master of the Seers also ignored the King’s malicious tone and replied evenly, “it is true Sire!  Even if you doubt the Prophecies, the Signs and Visions attending this birth are indisputable.  You cannot deny it.”
The King nearly exploded as he said, “I can and will deny it!  I dare fate or anyone else to interfere in my business or that of my family!  Now be gone and bother me no longer with your myths and visions.”  
“But Sire,” came the voice of the Chief Warrior, “you cannot leave the raising of such an important personage in the hands of fools!”  
The King froze and turned deadly eyes upon the speaker, the ancient warrior paled under that stare, though he had never flinched when facing even his fiercest foe in the heat of battle.  “Fools?” came the King’s dangerous reply, “You think the Queen and myself fools?”  
The Sage said placatingly, “Sire, my comrade only means that his raising cannot be left to ordinary men.  Let each of us give our most talented servants over to his education to prepare him for that which is to come.”  
The King roared, “be gone, all of you!  His mother and I shall raise him and that is that.  His only destiny is to follow me as King in his own turn!”  
The three most highly skilled and respected men in all the Kingdom blanched, turned tail, and ran for their lives ere the King finished speaking.  The small gathering of lords and generals that remained talked quietly amongst themselves, but dared not speak to the King.  Perhaps the boy was some legend foretold in story but could they not turn that to their own advantage?  Should not the richest and therefore the wisest men in the Kingdom benefit from this phenomenon suddenly thrust into their midst?

“We are doomed,” groused the Sage as he finally gained breath enough to speak, after fleeing the castle, “if the boy is not properly prepared, how is he to accomplish his destiny?”  
“I agree,” said the Warrior, stroking his beard, “he must be an excellent warrior, not to mention wise beyond mortal wont, and able to interpret the visions and signs that will ultimately lead him to his destiny, which is to vanquish evil once and for all.”  
The Seer nodded, “there is no doubt that this is the boy foretold, yet I cannot foresee things ending well unless he is brought up as only we know how.  I see nothing but darkness ahead.”
They continued their conversation but no ray of hope shone in that dark hour, for though the Prophecies spoke of a Hero, they were rather vague as to what exactly he was to accomplish and how he was to bring about this new dawn of peace and prosperity.  How could he hope to succeed if not given their vital aid from the start?  It was impossible for a mere man to even dream of accomplishing and no one thought for even a moment that Providence might provide a way, for none of the Wise believed such myths in these more learned days.

The boy grew and a few years later, found himself an older brother.  The King absolutely forbade any reference to the old tales within the hearing of his sons and within a few years, the entire capital city had ceased in the telling thereof.  Bayard was by now five years old and his father began to wonder about the proper way to educate his son.  He dared not select a tutor from amongst the Warriors, Sages, and Seers lest their own plots for the boy entangle him and draw him from his rightful destiny as the future King, but he happened upon the perfect person in a very unlikely place, as all such seem to be found.  The King had been hunting with some of his greater lords and the party had stopped in a small village to refresh their horses and themselves.  A man in his middle years came out of the inn and began tending to the frothed horses before their masters had a chance to order someone to attend to the lathered beasts.  
The King, much impressed by the man’s service and compassion was curious, and asked of the man, “have you any advice about the game in these parts my good man?”  The man momentarily stopped his attention to the beasts, bowed low, and gave the King such good advice that he said in astonishment, “you seem a man of more than common wisdom, sir.”  
The man shook his head and replied, “nay my Lord, I simply know that which is common to men my age who have seen a bit of the world.”  
The King smiled in delight as a sudden idea occurred to him, “have you any objection to teaching my son the proper use of his mind, my good man?”  
The man looked thoughtful for a moment and said, “not if I am allowed my head in the matter my Lord.  I can only teach what I know and that in my own queer way.”  
The King laughed at his sensible words and said, “then you shall accompany us back to the Castle and begin the prince’s education at once.”  
The man bowed deeply to hide his astonishment, for he knew not that this man was the King!  He finished his ministrations to the animals and accompanied the King into the inn to discuss further the education of the young prince.  The lords held back and discussed this strange occurrence amongst themselves, for they had hoped the King would choose one of their number for the boy’s education, thus ensnaring him in their own ambitions for power, but the King felt he needed someone wholly unattached to the politics and intrigues of the monarchy, and this peasant, wise beyond his years, seemed the perfect man for the job.  It almost made the King want to believe in Providence.  
The first question he put to the man was, “you do not believe any of those old myths do you?”  
The man smiled knowingly and said, “nay Majesty, I have no use for anything but Truth and that alone will I share with your son.”  Little did the King know that the prince’s new tutor held those so-called myths to be the very truth and therefore not myths at all.

The boy was delighted with his new tutor and after more exposure to the man’s suspected wisdom, the King was just as happy in his choice of teacher for the boy.  Anything the man did not know was easily supplied by the numerous men of learning and skill that always lingered about in royal palaces.  Bayard’s younger brother Tyne, however was not taken with the idea of learning anything save that related to the art and history of war, so Bayard’s teacher was of little use or interest to him.  The various lords, generals, and others so skilled however, especially those that had hoped to win the crown prince into their sway, were more than happy to oblige his younger brother thus.  Perhaps where they had failed with the elder, they might succeed with the younger and one day a coup might set things aright, at least to their thinking.  They succeeded in inculcating in the younger man a love of violence, a thirst for power at any cost, and a bitter jealousy towards his brother.  As Tyne grew older, they even went so far as to whisper in secret that Bayard was destined for great things, for did not the Prophecies speak thus:

“An heir of Kings, the Great Man’s son,
  so shall be the Chosen One.”

Bayard however, grew into a handsome young man, strong and intelligent and much admired by all those who saw him, at least those that were not envious of his natural charms and position.  Under the tutelage of his teacher, he grew daily in wisdom and skill, and as his father had hoped, he remained humble and was eager to serve others instead of ever seeking his own gain in all things.  Such had been the King’s desire when first he found a tutor amongst the common folk, but what he had not anticipated was his son learning of the Master and all the old tales.  Such was the true source of his unassuming nature, not the humble origins of his teacher as his father supposed.  But Bayard never assumed he had any part in the old tales, save to trust the Master in all things and to live as he ought, which was every man‘s duty to his Maker.  Bayard‘s tutor knew not that many thought the boy to be one long foretold, for the King made sure no one spoke to him upon the matter.  Thus the boy grew up thinking his only destiny was to one day rule his people justly and to do his best to protect them from their perennial foes to the south.
The King spoke of evil men and creatures that perpetually tormented the southern border and occasionally won their way deeper into the Kingdom, but Bayard knew from his tutor’s tales that there was a deeper evil than mere men lurking to the south.  For the Blighted Lands were not ruled by a mere man but by the Dark Prince, who had been the Master’s greatest servant until he had rebelled long ago and fled to the south with his vile servants and claimed rule over the entire mortal world, but his dominion was not to be established unfought.  The Master drove the vile rebel into the very south of the world and forbade him from encroaching upon the lands of unwilling men, and there he dwells to this day, biding his time and year after year, winning the hearts of fickle men to his call; ever the border marches slowly north as mortal men surrender their lands and hearts to his call or abandon their holdings in dread of his encroaching terror.  Ever his servants ride across the border and ravage and kill, or worse, woo gullible folk to their master’s cause with their lies of power and life unending.  
The majority of the King’s soldiers and generals were stationed along that wretched border and always fighting back the minions of evil.  Tyne was anxious to take part in the fighting as soon as he was of age and skilled enough in the arts of war.  Bayard had an abiding hatred of all for which the Enemy and his Dark Kingdom stood, yet he had very little wish to engage in mortal combat with the minions of darkness.  He felt that more could be accomplished by teaching his people the old tales than by crossing swords with a fell servant of the Enemy.  The King agreed for different reasons, he would not risk his heir upon such an errand though Tyne’s exploits soon gained him a respect among the lords, generals, and soldiers which made the King wonder if he had made the right decision in keeping his eldest son from like danger and renown.
Bayard tried to reach out to his brother, but there was no love between them, at least on Tyne’s part.  He was terribly jealous and quite arrogant, assuming his brother to be a coward and a fool, destined for the throne only because he happened to be the firstborn, but that was a mistake that would soon be rectified.  On his border excursions, Tyne rejoiced in his clashes with the Enemy’s forces for the sheer joy of war, not because he thought there was anything too terrible about their ideology.  In fact, he began to listen as various men spoke in the common rooms he was wont to frequent, and one day he finally decided that perhaps these dark prophets might be right.  
“I do not like this Sire,” said one of the soldiers escorting Tyne from the inn that night, “who is this fiend and why does he ride with us?”  
“I did not ask for your opinion,” said Tyne gruffly, “he is my guest and you will treat him as such.  He wishes to show us something and you would be wise to see it.”  
The soldiers exchanged a grim look but would not abandon their prince, no matter his strange fancies.  They followed along in silence and exchanged another worried look as they rode away from the main encampment of the army and straight for the border.  Upon the very border, looking upon a sere, brown land of barren rock through which a bitter wind perpetually moaned and over which grey clouds lowered ominously but never gave forth rain, they halted.  
The soldier once more voiced his concern and Tyne laughed darkly as he raised his sword, “I did not ask your opinion nor do I require your permission.”  He followed his dark companion across the border and suddenly vanished from mortal gaze, leaving the two murdered soldiers as the only witnesses to his fate.

Three days later, a messenger arrived upon a horse that collapsed in exhaustion upon the very threshold of the castle.  The young prince had strayed into the southlands for but an hour and had returned quite changed.  He had lashed out at the army for the pure joy of destruction and had slain near a hundred men while no mortal weapon seemed able to touch him.  He laughed in derision as he left the horrified soldiers to reform what was left of their ranks, muster their courage, and retreat to more defensible ground.  Tyne had taken the highest hill in the vicinity as his stronghold and there awaited the fabled Chosen One to do battle with him for the crown.  
The King was silent in astonishment that such a fit had taken his youngest son and whispered to himself, “could those fools be right?”  
Bayard, standing beside him aghast, asked of his father, “was who right?”  
The King came to himself, frowned, and said, “the day after you were born, the wisest men in the Kingdom came forward and proclaimed my newborn son to be some prophesied savior for the Kingdom, but I refused to believe them and have kept you ignorant of all the old tales.  But I fear they might have been right!  I do not know what to do.”  
Bayard was silent in amazement and thought frantically over all the prophecies he had studied over the years.  He frowned in consternation and then nodded reluctantly, for a small voice deep within spoke that which he knew he must do.  He sighed deeply, hugged his father desperately, and said quietly, “I must go father.  It seems your wise men were correct.”  
His father gaped, “but they were adamant this thing could not be accomplished without training you in the ways of war and wisdom from the time of your birth.”  
Bayard smiled in spite of himself, “father, prophecy has a way of asserting itself despite our best efforts to hinder or help it.  I shall leave my fate in the hands of the Master.”  
The King was aghast, “and just where did you hear that name?”  
Bayard shook his head, “from the very man you thought would teach me no such thing.  But come, I must be going.  We can discuss wrong doing upon my return.”  
The King nodded reluctantly and knowing it for the best, bid his son farewell and went to seek comfort in the very legends he had for so long denied, but his stony heart found little solace in the ancient texts.  
Bayard’s tutor would not be left behind, though astounded at his young charge’s sudden thrust into destiny, he would follow the boy to whatever end.  They rode quickly, lest more folk fall afoul of his estranged brother, and by swapping horses often, soon reached the great cliff whereon Tyne had ensconced himself.  They saw a dark silhouette upon the peak, who laughed maliciously and beckoned them to ascend.  Bayard had been trained in the arts of war, but was no match for his brother even under normal circumstances but he knew this thing must be done, regardless of his brother‘s seemingly invincible nature.  Ever faithful, Willard the tutor followed his young master up the steep path.  Tyne met them at the summit, still laughing and eager to be done with his foolish rival.
“I have no interest in that prattling dog of a teacher, be gone fool!” scoffed Tyne to Willard who, after a pleading look from his young charge, scurried behind a nearby boulder that he might be out of the way yet observe all that would come to pass.  He was surprised to find words carved into the back of the rock and his heart sank to realize that here was prophecy indeed!  “You were never a match for me,” sneered Tyne, “and now you are helpless before me.”  
Bayard had his sword out and held it before him, but begged his brother, “do not do this thing.  Come home and let us work this out.”  
Tyne flew at the older boy and laughed all the more, “I will go home once you are permanently out of the way.”  
Bayard blocked the first blow, but Tyne moved like a snake and struck a second time before Bayard had finished parrying the first.  Bayard cried out in agony as the sword took him in the stomach, but he clenched his sword lest he drop it and backed against the boulder concealing Willard, bracing himself against it to remain upright.  Tyne struck the mortal blow as Bayard clutched futilely at the sword buried in his heart.  His eyes widened in pain and horror for a moment and then stared blankly as his body slid down the rocky surface that had been his sole support, leaving a crimson streak upon its face as he fell.  
Tyne gazed in triumph at the corpse at his feet and called to the horrified Willard behind the rock, “what has your master gained fool?  Will you challenge me next?”  Willard stared in wonder at the words hewn into the rock before him and wished with all his heart that they could be true:

“When willing blood on stone doth lie,
  then shadows from the light must fly.”

As he taunted the terrified teacher, Tyne failed to notice that his brother’s once limp hand again clenched tightly around the hilt of his sword and the vacant eyes again held the fire of life.  Tyne screamed in rage as the former corpse stood and faced his foe once more, and this time Tyne knew he could be beaten.  No mortal foe could harm Tyne, but Bayard was no longer thus bound.  The two fought like master swordsmen of vast experience; Willard watched in stunned silence, knowing neither boy had ever possessed such skill ere this bizarre encounter.  Never had he seen the like.  Finally, Bayard’s blade struck a mortal blow and Tyne fell to ash and charred bone with only a pitiful wail lost upon a sudden wind to say that he had ever been.  
Bayard shook his head sadly and sheathed his blade.  Willard crept from behind the boulder and ran to embrace his young master.  After the man was satisfied that it was no ghost that stood before him, Bayard said quietly, “it is only begun.  Tyne will return and others like him; they are foes no mortal man can defeat.”  
Willard said in astonishment, “but you vanquished him?”  
Bayard caught his friend’s eye and said a bit sadly, though tempered with an equal portion of ill-contained eagerness, “and so will I again, but I am no longer a mortal man.  My place now is between such fiends and the innocents they would prey upon.”  
Willard gasped, “but your father!  The kingdom!”  
Bayard shook his head, “that is no longer a duty to which I can attend.  I have my Master’s business to be about.  My father must now go on alone, for both of his sons have passed from the realm of the living.”  
Willard looked at his former master sadly, “what of me?”  
“You must teach all who will listen about Me,” came a voice like thunder in the mountains; both men found themselves on their knees before a blinding light, from whence came the voice.  The light receded and Willard found himself alone upon the hilltop, wondering how he was going to explain this to the King.  Even the stone upon which Bayard had met his end was gone.  Willard sighed and made his lonely descent, but a small voice whispered, “you do not go alone, for ever I am with you.”  This heartened the old man as he trudged along and tried to prepare himself for the encounter to come.

He found them at the base of the hill: a great throng of soldiers, courtiers, Sages, Warriors, Lords, Generals, Seers, and before them all stood the King.  They had come to see the outcome of this long foretold event, but they had not expected to see only a stooped old man hobbling wearily down a hill; it was quite anticlimactic and highly disappointing as many were anticipating the final triumph of good over evil, or at least the end of the world.  
“What has happened?” demanded the King, after Willard had given the proper courtesies.  
The man sighed and leaned heavily upon a stump lest he collapse in exhaustion, as he said, “your sons met my Lord.  The younger confronted the elder and they fought.  I do not know what came of the youngest prince when he strayed south but he returned a foe unconquerable by mortal men.”  
The gathered crowd gasped at this, assuming the worst and a Sage in the back was heard to say, “I knew it would end this way if the boy was not raised properly, now all is come to darkness.”  
The King glowered at the speaker but urged Willard to continue, “nay Sire, even trained extensively from birth, the boy still would have been as defenseless as a kitten before his brother.  I took cover behind a great boulder upon the side of which were hewn words foretelling victory but only at the cost of willing blood.  Your son went willingly to his death my Lord.”  The crowd gasped in horror as Willard fought back the tears and continued, “the younger triumphed over the elder and stood over his fallen brother gloating in triumph, but it was not the end.  There was life again in the eyes of the slain and he took up his sword and fought his brother once more and this time possessed the skill to triumph.”  
“Then where is he?” demanded the King.  
Willard shook his head, “Sire, the boy is dead to mortal men, as is his vile brother though neither have ceased from existence.  One serves the Master, the other the Dark Prince.  Neither have they any place now among mortal men save to do their respective master’s will.  Tyne will continue to threaten innocent folk and Bayard will be there to stay his hand.  They are lost to you Sire and your Kingdom must go on without them.”  
The King stared in astonishment as those learned in the old stories cried that this could not be, this was to be the end of all evil yet here it seemed a new evil was risen.  It could not be!  The King growled, “I will see the place where my sons fought, especially this prophetic stone.”  
Willard shook his head, “there is no trace of that which took place, even the stone is gone.  Taken by the Master Himself in a great blaze of light.”  
The King sneered, “and why did he not take you too, oh worthless servant of your late master?”  
Willard said confidently, “He bade me tell all who would listen of Himself.  This was not the final confrontation of Good versus Evil, simply a new battle in the long war.  The Enemy raised up a new kind of evil servant and the Master countered with His own.  Your wise men misinterpreted the prophecies and now look to be fools for their error.  All commenced as it was meant to, though the boy could certainly have said no, and then there would be no one to save the innocent from certain destruction.”
The King sighed heavily, and as evening was falling, said, “tomorrow we shall ascend the hill and see what took place.  After, I know not what shall come of it.  What of you Sages, Seers, and Warriors?  What have you to say of all this?”  
The leaders of each named sect approached, bowed before the King, and in turn gave an account of themselves.  Said the Sage, “Sire, I think this man addled in his mind by what he has seen this day.  Surely we shall see something of significance atop that hill to explain all this.  This fool assumes that there is truly a Will behind the prophecies, rather than as all learned men know, that they were written by wise men in days of yore; we have no need of divine contrivance.  There is wisdom in the old texts but it is the wisdom of men and it is enough.  If there were truly a Master, how is it the world is in such a state as it is?  Learned men have no use for fairy tales and the myths to which unlearned peasants cling!”  
The Seer spoke, “my eyes are now blind!  Whatever has come to pass has shattered our view of things to come!  And of all outcomes, none could see this.  The man is a liar and a fool.”  
The Warrior said, “there are no foes that mortal man cannot overcome and had the boy been properly trained, all would have been well.  Instead, both of the young princes are now lost, perhaps forever, thanks to the vaunted wisdom of such a fool as this!”  
The King turned bitter eyes upon the aged servant, “what have you to say of all this man?  It was your stories after all that enticed my son to his doom!”  
Willard shook his head and smiled slightly in remembrance and then sobered quickly as he said, “all of you preach wisdom yet you are all as blind as the Seers now claim to be!  Bayard clearly saw the Truth and embraced it with all his being.  When a terrible yet needful thing was asked, he did not flinch nor hesitate but did that which he knew must be done.”
“Get this traitor out of my sight!” bellowed the King as he and his lords, generals, and the three wisest men in the Kingdom vanished in the direction of the nearest inn.  
A pair of young soldiers came alongside Willard and almost reverently drew him away, taking him into custody as the King had demanded yet not with the roughness and mockery the old servant had assumed would attend his arrest.  As the elder and more important officials vanished after the King and the majority of the crowd melted into the night, a small bevy of the younger apprentices and junior officers followed the captive Willard.  They gathered around a small fire in the midst of a ring formed by some large rocks where they might speak very nearly unobserved.  The light bounced off the ringing stones and lit the little camp with a general atmosphere of cheerfulness as the young eyes gathered therein sparkled with eager delight.  They helped the old gentleman settle himself, gave him something to eat and drink, and once he was refreshed, they gazed at him with a hungry longing that made the man’s heart quiver in pity, hoping that he could provide the answer they were so desperately seeking.  
Said one of the young soldiers, Quill by name, “we shall not be bothered here this night as our elders have much to discuss and more to worry about than the doings of traitors and minions.  We were inspired and intrigued by what you spoke just now.  You must tell us more, for unlike our elders, we truly believe and wish to serve the Master as we might.”  Willard smiled sadly, wishing he could aid these eager youngsters but knowing little more than what he had just spoken.
The young folk saw the look upon his face and their hearts fell in knowing there was no more he could tell them, but suddenly every man was on his feet and clutching at his weapon, all save Willard, who smiled in delight and remained seated, for he recognized the stranger, even if the others could not.  “Let the lad come forward if he will,” spoke the old man in eager joy.  
The others resumed their seats and let loose their hold upon their weapons as the stranger in their midst approached the front.  All eyes were upon the plainly clad young man who had been among them from the start, yet with his cloak about him none recognized him for a stranger in their midst.  Yet he had removed his cloak just now and the sudden recognition of this possible spy had sent them all to their feet in alarm; only the old man’s joyous reception of the youth calmed their wary nerves.  Their former curiosity had returned and here at last, they hoped would be an answer.  There was nothing remarkable about the boy, you could forget his face as soon as you stopped looking at him, but Willard knew without doubt that it was Bayard that stood before them, and if anyone had answers it was certainly he.  
He began without preamble, saying, “your elders and the King have sorely misjudged what it was that took place this day.  What the Master intended and what learned men make of it are two very different things, and in time, this confusion will shake the world and splinter the Kingdom.  For now there is but one Kingdom but in years to come there shall be many nations.”
He was silent as he let his words sink in and then he continued, “those of you in the army and amongst the Warriors fight evil men upon the borders and those roaming throughout the Kingdom but one day that will not be your sole task.  There will come rebellions and civil wars and honest men will be asked to fight against each other over petty things while the evil hordes of the Enemy are nearly forgotten and left unchallenged.  The Enemy has his armies of men dedicated to evil; so too must there be a body of trained men willing to fight against them and dedicated wholly to the Master instead of to any specific King or country which seeks only its own gain.  
The Seers amongst you are now blind, for the gift of foresight has long been used to advance the power of greedy men rather than in service to the Master.  Perhaps in future, a true prophet shall arise but there shall no longer be the gift of visions common among men as it once was, instead use your knowledge and wisdom to augment the Sages and learned among you.  You who are learning the arts of wisdom and philosophy must counter the nonsense your elders preach.  Follow this faithful man in all he instructs you that knowledge of the Master not die out among men in the days to come, else all shall fall into darkness.”
An evil laugh echoed in the little dell and a shadow seemed to fall over the cheery blaze, as a menacing voice sneered, “you are too late, for darkness has already come upon you.  This little insurrection is at an end.”  Tyne stepped into the light of the fire and all there gathered drew back in terror at the fear that hung about him like a cloak.  
Bayard leapt forward with sword bared; Tyne laughed eagerly as their blades met for a moment and then fell upon his brother with a fury.  The match was short lived, as Tyne buried his blade in Bayard’s chest, but before he vanished in a flash of light, he managed to strike a mortal blow upon Tyne with his own half finished stroke.  Tyne’s triumphant laugh vanished in a pitiful wail as he fell to ash, leaving the astonished camp in peace once more.  
Quill was the first to speak, “what was that?”  
Willard shuddered at what might have been but then laughed in pure relief, “that was yet another battle betwixt the light and the dark, a battle which each of you seems eager to fight in your own way.  You heard what Bayard had to say, now what are you going to do about it?”  
There were many wide eyes and eager smiles as the young men began to speak together and plan the future of their world, even as their elders worried about what the future might hold with all their hopes dashed, or at least all their hopes as they saw them.  The fire had burned low and the small company had been plotting for hours when a nervous but relieved servant dashed into their midst.  All were suddenly silent as the page saluted his master, Quill asked, “what is it Darvin?”  
The servant blurted out, “a scout has ridden back from the border and reports some new menace is on the march.  The army is moving south with all haste.  Everything is packed and ready but I feared I would not find you before you were left behind.”
Quill exchanged a concerned look with Brinn, his fellow soldier, who had helped in apprehending the villainous Willard, said he, “what of the King’s order concerning this man?”  
Darvin shrugged, “it was the King that ordered the entire army south with all haste.  A prisoner would only slow you down.  He gave no orders that he should be imprisoned, released, or killed?”  
Quill smiled, “he only said to remove him from sight.  We cannot take you with my good man.  If you stay out of sight of the King for a time, that would be wise for all our sakes.  Farewell!”  
The soldiers in the little group gathered their things, said their farewells, and vanished into the night after the harried page.  The others remained until very nearly dawn, discussing their own roles in the story yet to come.  Before dawn, Willard and several boys aspiring to join the Sages vanished into the waning night; the others returned to their masters to await the day’s orders.

Quill and the others were off as soon as they were in their saddles.  Darvin’s concerns were quite correct, a moment longer and they would have been left behind and certainly declared deserters.  But their friends and servants had seen to it that all their gear was packed and all they needed to do was climb aback their horses and be off.  They were not more than a day’s ride from the southern border and by the time evening was falling the following day, they found their quarry.  Quill shivered, for here was the same creature that had invaded their meeting the previous night and had killed nearly a hundred men only a few days before that, but worse were the creatures that rode before Tyne.  
He was accompanied by two dozen Soldiers, which were wearing the same uniform as that of the King’s men, save that the garments of Tyne’s companions were dirty, tattered, and torn.  But it was not just the familiar uniforms that made the King’s men uneasy, it was the look of the creatures wearing them, for they looked to have once been men, but now seemed corpses, and very nearly skeletons, in various states of decay.  The horses were uneasy and whinnied nervously, on the brink of flight, for neither did they like the apparitions before them.  Quill shuddered, though his company outnumbered the creatures ten to one, he did not think any of them would be walking away from this confrontation without miraculous intervention.
Tyne walked forward and the horses panicked, rearing, bucking, and fighting to run.  Most of the soldiers were unseated while the rest were carried unwillingly from the scene by their desperate mounts.  Tyne laughed harshly and continued to scan the faces of the terrified men before him.  He thundered, “you will all die this night or you can surrender yourselves to the Dark Prince and gain power and life unending in his service.”  
Quill found his voice, drawing the stare of the monstrosity that was Tyne, “will you become such as these to save your own lives?  Would you then allow these fiends to have their way with all the innocents of the Kingdom who depend upon us to ward their safety?”  
Tyne laughed darkly, recognizing the outspoken youth from the rebel meeting the previous night, “you shall be the first to taste of death, heretic.” 
 Tyne raised his spear and launched it at the terrified Quill.  The weapon took him in the shoulder, lifted him from his feet, and lodged itself in a great stone behind the boy, trapping the struggling youth.  Tyne frowned in consternation, feeling that something was not quite right.  That stone looked eerily familiar and he did not remembered it being there a moment before.  An overeager Soldier, seeing its master intent on destroying this particular man, raised its sword to finish the boy, who struggled vainly to free himself from the shaft pinning him to the stone.  Tyne shrieked, “no!” as the mindless Soldier fell upon the entrapped boy, but it was too late.  Blood gushed from the boy’s severed neck and fell upon the same stone that had borne witness to Bayard’s demise.

For a moment the skeletal fiend filled Quill’s vision, then all was pain and darkness, and suddenly he was engulfed in unutterable peace and light.  He came to himself down upon one knee before a magpie, of all creatures, yet so entranced was he with the little bird that he did not pay any heed to himself or his surroundings.  For this was no bird, but He who had wrought All, Who, for reasons of His own chose to go about in such an ignominious guise at the present moment.  
“What will you do child?” came the shrill little avian voice, though tinged with the power that might at any moment call the stars into being or send them hurtling from their orbits.  Quill gaped, he wished nothing more than to spend the rest of eternity in the presence of this wondrous Being.  The bird smiled, for He knew well the boy’s mind, and said, “if that is your true wish you had best pass over the Sea to My Bright Country.”  
The boy finally looked about himself and saw a wondrous beach, whose sand was made of diamonds, sapphires, and any number of shining, precious stones of minutest size.  Before him spread a Sea of liquid crystal tinged in all shades of deepest blue and richest green with little lights darting and swirling in its depths.  Upon the far side must lie the Brightlands, the fabled home of the Master and all His faithful, but Quill felt drawn to look back and saw a shining land of green and blue, but upon the far horizon was a grim, grey fog obscuring all beyond and casting all beneath into shadow.  The fog and shadow made him shudder.
The bird intoned, “the near, dear land is Paradise, man’s first home from whence he was cast for rebellion.  Beyond, enshrouded in fog, lie the Grey Lands, the mortal world: home to mortal men and the haven of those that wish to remain apart from Me.  The choice is yours.”  
Quill knew he could go back, knew his people needed him, knew he could say no.  He looked again upon the Brightlands and the Sea, felt their call and his deep yearning, but he also knew they would always be there.  He had a duty to do and would not go Home until he had done it.  The little bird smiled upon him and that seemed thanks enough to cheer the hearts of thousands.  A great light engulfed him and Quill found himself again upon that darkening night with his sword in his hand.  Tyne’s back was to him and his bellowed command was still ringing on the night air.  Tyne’s sword fell on the mindless Soldier and it fell to pieces like a shattered skeleton, dry with the years.  He pulled his spear free of the corpse, which fell to the ground and lay unmoving at his feet.  
Tyne kicked the prone form but it lay unresponsive on the grass, as Tyne laughed harshly, “perhaps not.”  
Quill gripped his sword, smiled in anticipation, and said as he lunged in for the kill, “or perhaps so.”  Taken by surprise, Tyne had no time for response, save a startled look, before he vanished with a stroke of Quill’s sword.  With the disappearance of the Dreadlord, the Soldiers seemed to slump and were still as fence posts where they stood.  Quill roused his former comrades, who had been watching in horror as the little drama played out, saying, “come!  They are helpless without their master.  They are naught but animated corpses, obedient to the will of their master but without thought or will once he is dispatched.  Decapitate them and they shall trouble you no more.”  
The soldiers roused from their stupor and each struck out at the nearest abomination, which fell to pieces when struck.  By now it was full dark and none could see the face of the man who had vanquished the monster or given them direction on how to deal with the remainder of their foes.  Of all the men in the company, only Brinn was near enough to see the face of his friend, even as his body still lay where it had fallen.  
“What now?” came the whispered query from the flummoxed Brinn.  
Quill said quietly, “continue as we have begun, save that you must go on without me, for other duties call me elsewhere.  We fight the same battle my friend, simply on different fronts.”  And then he was gone.  
Brinn walked sadly over to where the devastated Darvin was weeping over his master’s remains.  Said the half astonished soldier to the weeping servant, “take heart my friend, for this is not the end, nay only the beginning of better things.  So your master himself has told me just now!”  The page gave him a curious look but he ceased to weep as one bereft of hope.

The two boys gazed at each other in wonder, still not quite used to this new world in which they now dwelt.  Time and space meant little to them now that mortal life was finished.  A moment ago, Bayard had been fighting with Tyne in the little dell before the astonished eyes of those that had gathered to hear what Willard might have to say, with Quill amongst them.  Now they stood face to face upon the brink of the Fairywood far to the north with a new mission to accomplish. 
 “Shall we ever get used to this?” asked Quill as he glanced about himself, taking in his new surroundings, for only a moment ago he had been speaking with Brinn upon the southern frontier.  
Bayard laughed, “I suppose, but I am still too new at it to give you much advice, but at least I am no longer alone upon this strange adventure.”  
Quill glanced about in trepidation, “is this what I think it is?”  
Bayard nodded, “it is most certainly the Fairywood, home to all sorts of strange creatures that have no love for the Master or mortal men.”  
Quill nodded, “so the old tales tell.”  He smiled, “but beyond lies Paradise.”  
Bayard smiled deeply, “that for which mortal heart has yearned since first he lost it.  That will indeed be a sight to see, but first we must go thither.”  
Quill sighed, “no mortal man has ever gone in and come out alive, save those consumed by madness.”  
Bayard laughed, “then it is a good thing we are no longer mortal men.  Come, our Master’s business lies within.”  They exchanged an eager grin at setting foot in a place where no man had gone and lived to tell the tale as they vanished beneath the shadow of the trees.
It was an ancient wood, with trees whose hoary heads were lost far above with little light reaching the forest floor while a constant mist enshrouded their feet.  It was dark and musty in the primeval forest, with only here and there an errant shaft of sunlight finding its way through the canopy to the denizens of the underworld below, which ever seemed draped in an eternal twilight.  Besides the natural gloom, there seemed to be a glowering malice towards all outside the confines of this murky world.  Outsiders were not welcome here, most of all those on an errand from the Master, for long ago, the denizens of this wood had willingly left Paradise and the Master’s rule to seek a life and Kingdom of their own.  
While man had been banished, the fairyfolk had undergone willing exile.  Man was doomed to taste of physical death as the result of his crimes but those who willingly left maintained their immortal life, at least physically, but suffered from what might be called a spiritual death.  Theirs was a soul eaten up with pride and bitterness, where little of joy or hope could abide.  They despised mortal man for his mortality or so they said, but perhaps it was because they secretly envied man’s easier chance at joy and hope, though he paid for it with pain and suffering which were ever present in the world in which he dwelt.  They too could choose to return to the hope of their late Master, but their hearts were as stone and as easily moved as the cornerstones of the mountains.  Man could be arrogant but his pride was less ingrained and far less ancient than that of the Fairyfolk, thus is he more easily won to the Master’s cause, and for this man is despised utterly by the dwellers of the Wood, though they could not explain the reasoning behind their deep loathing for the mortal race.
“What exactly are we doing here?” asked Quill as they walked along, he spoke in hushed tones, for the ambiance of the place made it seem a sacrilege to speak even in the least.  
Bayard smiled over his shoulder, “that we shall know when we need to.”  
Quill grinned, “is anything ever straightforward in this business?”  The reply was cut off as bows sang and arrows flew at the pair.  “That stings!” said Quill, as he pulled a shaft from his thigh.  
“You should be dead,” laughed Bayard, casting aside several arrows that he had removed from his person, “the elves are the most accurate and deadly archers in the world.  Mortal weapons can cause us no harm but the elves are immortal, thus we can feel their weapons yet take no serious injury.”  
Quill pulled another shaft from his chest and stared at it in amusement before casting it aside, “there are certainly advantages to our current occupation.”  
“And what would that be?” came the angry voice of a tall, lean man with tapered ears who moved with a grace and strength mortal man could not hope to achieve.  
Quill smiled, “we have business with your King.”  
The elf captain stared at the pair, dumbfounded at such a request from a pair of brash human children that somehow survived a volley by his best archers.  His amazement quickly turned to outrage as he spoke gruffly to his men in their own tongue and ordered them to form up around the strangers, not to honor their request but to see what the King would have done with such strange malefactors.  The boys exchanged an amused grin, having understood exactly what the captain had said though neither had ever heard the elf language spoken in their brief lives. 
They were marched along for what might have been hours or days, for the immortal elves counted time differently than mortal men, and for their captives time was no longer the confining prison it once had been and they marked it very little.  The pace was a wearying one for their captors and should have been fatal to mortal men, but the prisoners might as well have been out for a pleasant stroll after lunch for all the harm it did them.  They marched through a great city, strange to human eyes, but from every window and door there seemed to be a frowning pair of eyes staring in derision as the boys passed.  
Finally, they were escorted into a great building whose features were lost in the forest gloom and there met the legendary King of the Elves.  He glowered at the captives and then at his captain, who stuttered nervously in his own tongue, “they were found upon our borders Sire and none of our arrows could harm them.  The relentless march hither was not a challenge to them either.  If mortals they be, they are something altogether dreadful!”  
The King bellowed in fury at this unforeseen threat, “what is it you want, heathens?”  
The pair bowed respectfully and Bayard produced an ornately sealed letter, which the King took as if it were a poisonous snake offered to him by a leper.  He broke the seal and his face changed from astonishment to terror to fury as he read.  His face was red with rage as he said in a quiet, seething voice to the boys before him, “what is this nonsense you have the gall to present before such a majestic creature as myself?  You truly think we shall aid you or return to the slavery we knew under the Master’s sway?  I think not!  Take these wretches to the Northern Border and let us see if they can survive the Wastes as easily as they defy your arrows, Captain.”  
The guards bowed deeply and viciously drove the boys from the King’s presence and out of the city.  After another interminable march, the edge of the forest appeared and the elf captain finally exhibited some semblance of joy, or perhaps eagerness to be done with these heretics, was a more apt description.  The trees ended abruptly and before them stretched what to mortal eyes would be a dead, grey plain with here and there a lonely stone to break the monotony, but with nothing else save a wailing wind and lowering clouds to keep company with in that dreadful land.  But to their strange eyes, the plain was the same shining land of green they had glimpsed upon that Blessed Shore, for here indeed was Paradise, man’s long forgotten home.  Mortals banished thence by the elves soon perished in the bleak land they saw, but Bayard and Quill felt as if they had at long last found their way home.  The elves also saw the grey and drear land, for they had willingly forsaken it long ago and could not return thence without a heart humbled once more before their rightful Master, and none had yet dared such a thing so ever they saw only a desert and wondered why they had ever thought it a pleasant land.  They thrust the boys out and withdrew laughing into the haven of their woods.
The pair set off, seeming to know inherently which way to walk even if they did not yet know their errand.  In the distance, a little flash of shining white caught their eye, but it vanished beyond the horizon ere they could catch a better glimpse of it.  “What do you suppose was in that letter?” asked Quill of Bayard.  
Bayard shrugged, “the way the Elf King reacted, I would assume it was an epistle inviting them back into our Master’s keeping and also alerting them that there is something new afoot pertaining to certain men in the Master’s service.”  
Quill nodded, “that sounds about right.”  Then he smiled and proffered an identical missive, which had suddenly appeared in his possession, as he said, “I suppose this is the same message for whoever is in charge of the folk that yet remain in Paradise.”  
Bayard smiled eagerly, “it shall be interesting to see what the creatures that still remain in their first home are like.  I saw a number of the varied inhabitants of the Fairywood, none pleasant looking, as the elf guard marched us along.  I was impressed by the fallen elves; it shall be a privilege to see their pious kin.”  
Quill said quietly to himself, “I wonder what man would have been like had he remained faithful himself?”  Bayard could only shake his head in speculation for there could be no answer.

What a mortal man might have called a half grown colt, but such a colt as mortal eye had never beheld, dashed away from the vision before him in amazement and eager joy.  Men!  Humans!  Mortals!  At long last!  He bucked and frisked in excitement as he dashed to find someone, anyone to tell.  Men were very nearly a myth amongst those, save the very oldest, who dwelt in Paradise.  The Elders remembered man in his youth, his rebellion, and ensuing banishment into mortal lands.  Now the creatures were seldom seen this side of the Fairywood, save those poor wretches sent thither to perish in the Wastes by the fallen elves.  
The young Pegassi reared his joy and the half-grown wings on his back spread in excitement as he came upon the very eldest of the elves.  He frolicked and pranced around the venerable creature as he blurted out, “men!  I have seen men!  Now at last we can go to war!”  
The old elf gaped at the exuberant youth and frowned in confusion, “now settle down and tell me what all this blathering is about?  What have you seen?  What on earth can you know of war?”
The colt stopped in stunned silence and said quietly, “everyone knows the old Prophecy elder.”  
The elf laughed, “perhaps all of your own folk know this particular prophecy if it pertains only to the Pegassi but as I am not a Pegassi, I do not know this particular saying.  Please enlighten me.”  
The young Pegassi would have blushed if he were able but he resumed his courage and went on boldly, “every little foal learns from his mother the saying that is nearly as ancient as the world.  We are the one race that has never left Paradise and we never will until we ride to war.  I do not know what war is but it sounds ever so exciting, don’t you think elder?”  The elder did not seem all that excited and his questioning look reminded the colt to blurt out the prophecy so widely known amongst his people, 

“When man sees his ancient home once more,
  then shall the Pegassi ride to war.”

The elder shook his head, “little one, it is foolish to wish for such a thing as war!  The mortal world is full of such pain and suffering!  Besides, these poor wretches you have seen can be nothing but mortal men banished to die in a grim desert that stretches on forever.”  
The Pegassi cocked his head, “how can anyone die in Paradise?”  
The elf said sadly, “they cannot see and touch what we know as Paradise, lad.  They see only a grim, drear land with no joy or water or food.  They were exiled long ago and mortal man may not see the land that was once his home.”  
The Pegassi’s ears drooped, “can we not offer them food or comfort, or at least companionship?”  
The old elf shook his head, “nay lad, they would not see us or hear us or even feel us.”  
The colt perked up, “but you could be wrong.  It could be the prophecy fulfilled at last.  What is wrong with desiring something the Master Himself has passed on to us?”  
The elder looked at the colt and decided he was not so young and foolish as he had first thought.  He nodded thoughtfully and said to the eager youth, “lead on lad, let us at least make sure that I am wrong.  Let us see about this prophecy of yours.”  They walked companionably in the direction from which the Pegassi had come and soon came within sight of the pair.  The elf said in wonder, “they are truly men.”  The colt was too eager to notice that the elder had thought for a moment he might misidentify such a legendary creature as man.  The elf shook his head, “no, I cannot say they are any different from any other men, the few I have ever seen that is.  I am afraid I was right lad.”  
The colt snorted in dismay, “at least I will keep company with them, even if they gain nothing by it.”
The elder watched in wonder as the colt trotted up to the young men, lost for the moment in conversation so they did not immediately see that they were no longer alone.  The elder shook his head sadly, turned, and began to walk slowly back the way he had come.  The Pegassi trotted right up to the men, who finally noticed the glorious white creature standing boldly before them.  They stared in awe, never having imagined such a wondrous sight as the Pegassi studied them in turn.  Then it occurred to the colt that they should not be able to see him if the elder was correct.  
He smiled in glee, cocked his head, and queried, “you see me, do you not?”  
The pair exchanged an amused look, as if to say, ‘how could you miss such a creature when he flaunts himself so brilliantly before you in broad daylight?’  The Pegassi knew himself known and bucked and pranced in joy.  The elder, hearing the ruckus, turned back and gazed in astonishment, wondering if the Pegassi had gone mad, but such was not possible in a land that knew neither sickness nor death.  He smiled in amazement, hiked his robe above his knees, and in a very un-elder-like manner hastened back to the young Pegassi and his new friends.
The men watched in anticipation as the incongruous elder approached and once he had arrived, and adjusted his robes, they bowed politely and one handed him a sealed letter.  The three stood silently by as the elder read the missive as a smile of joy soon lit his face.  He looked up from the letter and said to the Pegassi, “you had best fetch your father lad and have him send messengers to all the Elders of each race.  Have anyone and everyone who is the least interested gather at the Meeting Grounds; we have much to discuss.”  The Pegassi reared in excitement and vanished from sight.  
The elf then studied the two strangers before him.  He smiled as he said, “I was here when your forebears fell from grace and were exiled.  I never thought to see men return to their former home, but it seems not all have failed to anticipate such an event.”  
They began walking together as Quill replied, “we have not returned to dwell here as you were right to think.  Man has forever lost his former home and must dwell now in mortal lands while life lasts and after, either in the Brightlands beyond the Sea or ever be lost in the Abyss.  We are but messengers, servants of the Master, sent to bring word to you and yours of what has come to pass, as we have just done for those of your kin that have chosen exile for themselves, though they certainly received us with less cordiality than you have done.”
The old elf laughed, “that is no surprise of course.  Now what is all this nonsense that has the young Pegassi so riled up?”  The pair exchanged an intrigued look but both shook their heads in wonder, having no more notion of its meaning than the ancient elf could comprehend.  
“What does the letter say?” asked Bayard, “If you are willing to tell us, that is.  The elf king had us banished simply for presenting it to him.”  
The elder snorted, “I am surprised he did not try and have you killed.”  
Quill grinned, “who is to say he did not, on several occasions in fact.”  
The elf shook his head in wonder and said, “the letter simply states that the Enemy has unveiled a new foe and the Master has begun recruiting servants from amongst faithful men to counter these new fiends.  It also asks each race and people to help as they are asked in this unending war.  What exactly that means for us I do not know, but I think for the Pegassi it is quite important.  The little one was certainly excited.”  
Bayard smiled, “no wonder the elf king was not impressed!”  
They stopped upon the top of a sudden slope that led down to a flat area paved with river stones; the sides of the little valley sloped up gently on either side and made a natural amphitheater in the midst of the plain.  Beyond, hills could be seen upon the horizon with great mountains rising beyond.  A darker patch of green announced the advent of a forest far away in the opposite direction.  In the distance lay the Shining Sea that glittered like a rainbow in the afternoon light.  Neither of the boys had ever imagined such a rich and vivid land with the exuberant growth of a wilderness but the tameness of a well-tended garden.  It made the most verdant mortal forest seem a veritable desert by comparison.
They meandered down into the vale and stood upon the flat, paved center of the dell and watched as countless other creatures, many to which the boys could put no name, filled up the grassy slopes.  In no time at all, for time was quite different here, all had gathered and the elder began to speak, “as you can see my dear gentlefolk, beside me stand two men, of all creatures to us most mythic.  But that is what they truly are and they have come at the behest of our Master.  A missive was given me this day, reporting that a new enemy has arisen in service to the Dark and that the Master has raised up His own servants to counter this new threat.  He asks also the aid of those willing to fight in this age old war.  More I do not know but I think there are those amongst us who do.”  
The Eldest of the Pegassi, the exuberant colt’s father, rose to his feet and with the grace for which his race was renowned, made his way to the middle of the gathering.  He nodded his head to the Eldest Elf and then studied the boys before him, occasionally sniffing them or nudging them with his nose as they patiently accepted his investigation.  Once satisfied, he stepped back and voiced for all to hear, “of all the races that the Master brought into being that first day, only the Pegassi have never left their natal home by choice or willful rebellion.  But at last the time has come for some of us to enter mortal lands, not as rebels and exiles but as willing servants and soldiers in this ancient war.  Among my people, it has long been foretold and at last it shall come to pass.”
There was a murmur of anticipation and surprise throughout the gathered crowd, but suddenly three bright forms dashed down the slope and joined those gathered in the stone flagged center.  Two young stallions and the half-grown colt stood there, occasionally rearing in anticipation.  The eldest of the four Pegassi eyed the two younger stallions with a combination of joy, pride, and a slight pang of regret in knowing he would likely never be granted this peculiar honor.  
He then turned to look at his son and asked amusedly, “and just what are you up to lad?”  
“I am going into the mortal world,” came the swift and eager reply.  
The elf and eldest Pegassi shook their heads in amusement and the latter said warmly, “someday perhaps my son, but not until you are grown at least.”  
The colt sighed deeply and said, “but that will be at least another three hundred years!”  
The elf shared a grin with the colt’s father, thinking how little time that actually was.  Bayard and Quill shared an amused look, thinking how long a time that must be, for neither was yet twenty by mortal reckoning, but their attention was soon fully engrossed by the two eldest of the newcomers.  They looked at one another, the boy and the Pegassi, and stared for an eternal moment.  No words passed between them at first but a bond was forged that would carry them through much trial and many dangers to the very end of Time.  
“Mount up,” cried Paige, the Pegassi who had bonded with Quill, “we have duties to be about!”  
Bayard grinned as he climbed aback his own mount, Wintre by name, who laughed in his great horsy voice, “so are the Messengers horsed.”  The great creatures reared, and in a sweep of their wings, vanished upon their next errand.

The world spun about them and suddenly resolved itself into a forest glade, once more in the mortal world by the feel of it.  Paige glanced at Wintre and shook his head, “I do not know why anyone would willingly endure such a place in lieu of Paradise!”  
The young Messengers exchanged a look of pure exhilaration after their amazing ride but soon found themselves agreeing with the sagacity of their companions.  How had they ever thought the Greylands to be so pleasant as they presumed them once to be?  Time seemed an ominous foe, ever trying to ensnare them but never quite able to gain a firm hold, while an undercurrent of pain and sorrow attended every thought and action in this strange place.  After the glories of Paradise, the very air seemed tainted and the colors dull.  But they were not here to take in the sights and sounds, they lingered only upon the business that their Master sent them and upon that was their whole attention now focused.  
“I do not like it,” said Wintre in agitation, “there is a smell in the air I do not recognize and do not like.”  
“It comes from that great stone,” replied Paige, eyeing the rock before them in some disgust.  
“It is the smell of blood and violent death, child,” came the Beloved Voice, as all four flung themselves prostrate before the little magpie that perched upon the stone in question.  “It is the price of the service rendered to Me,” continued He, “this stone shall seek out or be sought by those entering service with the Messengers.  It will cost them their lives, but only those who love Me more than even life itself can enter such service.”
Bayard looked up in curious wonder, daring to ask, “men may seek out such service rather than falling accidentally into it?”  
The bird laughed and the very stars seemed to echo His mirth, “child, there are no accidents.  There are those whose lives are cut short in My service by the Enemy’s machinations but even so, if they are willing, I shall have their service still.  But there are others who will feel called to this service and still others who will seek it out of wrong desire even before life forsakes them.  These must attempt the Road, which is a path that winds whither it will, in Time and Beyond, in all lands and none.  It shall test their hearts and those who seek other than Me will find only their own destruction, as do all such on that far stranger road called life.  Those faithful to the end will lose their lives but gain more than the whole world dares dream.  Farewell my beloved ones, I am never far from you!”  And then He was gone.
The four exchanged an amazed, joyous look then the boys remounted even as the Pegassi vanished upon their first quest, leaving behind the stone yet stained with their blood.  The world quit spinning once more, and it was a much less pleasant land in which they found themselves.  A great road stretched from north to south and vanished from mortal gaze as it crossed the border into the Withered Lands, which waited to consume anyone fool enough to venture thither, just feet behind where the Pegassi stood, though now in guise like common horses.  Paige gazed at Wintre and vice versa, exchanging amused grins at the mundane appearance of the other; their riders looked much the same as ever: plain men in drab attire.  The approach of feet and the thud of hooves upon the road drew their attention north.  
Tyne drew rein, astride a dark horse whose eyes glowed like embers; behind him stood six young men, all displaying various degrees of impatience, curiosity, dread, and eagerness.  “Fools!” rasped Tyne, not yet recognizing the strangers, “Know you not that it is death to delay me?”  
Bayard spoke, Tyne flinched in angry surprise at his brother‘s despised voice, “whither do you lead them?”  
Tyne growled, “they have agreed to accompany me in search of ultimate power and endless life.  You cannot force them from my hand.”  
Quill said sternly, “have they any idea what truly awaits them in the south?”  
The boys were paying quite close attention now and one brave soul stuttered, “he is quite vague about it, save that it is quite a lucrative decision.”  
Bayard shook his head, “only if you desire a living death and to be forever a slave to evil.”  The boys’ eyes went wide with terror, all save one, who seemed eager for whatever it was that awaited them away south.  
Tyne sneered, “what know you of this matter?  Living death indeed!  You are the pitiful fools who endured an untimely death for the sake of your pathetic Master.”  
“It cannot be!” said one trembling lad, “They are quite alive, are they not?”  
Tyne scoffed, “I would not call the existence these wraiths endure life.  Of course they are dead.  It was I that slew them, and so will it be with any of you that are fool enough to defy me!”  
Quill continued, “you are quite free to make up your own minds upon this matter.  We will not let him force you across the border but neither can we keep you from it if that is your desire.  But know that only eternal death lies thither; once you have gone thence you shall never again know light or life or joy.  Only despair and sorrow and suffering for all eternity.”  
Bayard said, “unless you are dead set upon serving the Evil Prince, I advise you for your lives, nay your very souls, to turn back now.”  
“Enough!” roared Tyne, for several of his captives seemed on the verge of flight.  His benign visage suddenly vanished and in its place appeared a reptilian horse with flaming eyes upon which sat a skeletal wraith all in black armor.  Rider and beast together screamed their rage and charged the ragged pair of riders blocking the road.  Wintre reared, screaming his own battle cry and suddenly, he and his rider were engulfed for a moment in a blinding light.  
When one could comfortably look again upon the pair, the Pegassi shone in all his glory and Bayard astride him, appeared a warrior hardly less stunning all in silver and white.  The servants of light and shadow clashed while their mounts screamed in the rage and eagerness of battle.  Quill rode over to the astounded boys, who watched breathlessly as the two fought.  
Said he, drawing six surprised sets of eyes to bear upon him, “you still have a choice.  If you wish to be a slave of the Evil One, immortal though you be, yet only one of the living dead for all of that, continue upon this road and enter willingly into the Blighted Lands.  If you have no use for either the Master or his dark nemesis, then flee whither you will, save give the south a wide berth.  If you wish to serve the Master, then that path is open to you still.”  
One boy snarled, “I do not thank you for interrupting, I shall continue on my way.”  He dashed south and vanished as he crossed the border.  
Another said, “I have no use for either entity!”  He was soon lost over a hill as he ran north.  The others looked again upon the battle, which ended as suddenly as it had begun.
Tyne was struck a mortal blow and vanished while his wretched mount fell to pieces beneath him.  Bayard, still shining like a winter morning, raised his sword in salute as his Pegassi reared and they vanished in a flash of light.  Two of the lads said almost in unison, “oh, to serve the Master in such a way!”  
Quill said quietly, “the Road lies before you.  Fear not to take it if your heart is true but vain ambition will gain you certain destruction.  It will try you severely and at the end shall claim your very life, but none need fear who loves the Master with all his heart.  Stray not from the path, many are the traps and tricks that shall try to deceive and ensnare you; if you stray from the way even for a moment, the Road shall shift and never shall you find it more.”  
For a moment, a look of fear covered their faces and then they exchanged an eager grin and hastened down the path.  The remaining two boys looked at it with dread, until a moment later it vanished from sight.  “What of us?” asked one of the two.  
Quill asked, “do you also wish to serve the Master?”  
The pair exchanged a look and then nodded vigorously, but the second added, “yes, but as mortal men.”  
Quill smiled, “ever is there great need for such service, more so even than mine.  Go north and seek out the Sages of like mind and teach your fellow men of hope and joy beyond mortal imagining, or if you wish to fight evil, seek out those who are soldiers in the Master’s name.  Farewell!”  He vanished suddenly with a swift move of his mount, leaving the two alone upon the plain to ponder their future.

They stood upon a moon drenched hill overlooking a slumbering army encampment, here and there a torch or lantern glowed, the horses on their picket lines shifted now and then, and the sentries moved to and fro, but all else was silent in the dell below.  Paige murmured sleepily, “it looks almost peaceful though there is nothing of true peace in this war torn mortal sphere.”  
Quill pondered for a moment of which war the Pegassi was speaking and smiled when he realized it was that between the Master and all the Evil in the world and beyond it.  Most mortals little dreamed of the battles going on about them and the minor skirmishes in which they themselves were daily involved; even treading the paths beyond Time, Quill often forgot how vast was the scope of this War in and beyond Time.  They made their way down the hill and past the sentries, who little noticed a man in the King’s livery, undoubtedly a returning scout.  They stopped before one of the myriad tents, but a light still shone brightly within while most of the rest were dark, for it was the last watch of the night.  Quill dismounted and entered the tent; Paige stood without, doing his best to look nothing more than the dim-witted horse he appeared.
The occupant of the tent jumped to his feet and clutched at his dagger at the sudden motion caught from the corner of his eye; Brinn knocked over the rickety camp table upon which lay a number of maps, lists, and orders as he rose in surprise.  The intruder bent down to pick up the scattered documents while Brinn froze in wonder upon recognizing his guest.  Quill stood with an armful of papers, which he dropped, as his old friend fell upon him with eager greetings.  
“What are you doing here?” queried the elated Brinn, once the formalities had been dispensed with.  
Quill took a seat upon a nearby crate as Brinn sat upon his cot, the former began with a grin, “the Master’s business of course.”  
Brinn smiled a little sadly and asked, “is another attack of the living dead imminent?”  
Quill shrugged, “that I do not know, but for a time I must ride among you as just another common soldier.”  
Brinn laughed, “just like the good old days, except that now I am a junior officer and no longer just another nameless sword.  Will our old companions recognize you?”  
Quill shook his head, “they will be none the wiser, to you alone is my identity disclosed.  Not even Darvin will know me.”  
Brinn shook his head, “he would not know you anyway, for he is no longer with the company.  A strange fit took him after…I told him I had seen you alive even as he stood mourning over your corpse.  He refuses to believe you are not to be found among mortal men and has gone in search of you.”
Quill sighed sadly, “such devotion belongs to the Master alone; not to a fallible man.  Perhaps he will find Hope in his futile search.”  
Brinn looked grim, “I very much doubt it.  He blames the Master for your disappearance and if he finds you not, I fear his hatred will send him seeking after the Enemy!”  
Quill nodded, “that ever is the choice for mortal men to make, even to their own destruction.  Where are we and how goes the mission we accepted shortly before my er…reassignment?”  
Brinn smiled at his friend’s terminology and said, “we camp not far from the hill and the village where this whole strange matter began.  The King refuses to leave until he comes to some understanding of what has taken place and what his future course must be.  He has recalled our company to ward his person until he returns to the relative safety of the capital.  As for my personal mission, with caution only can I proceed, for our Master is not popular at the moment with the King, or anyone else in power for that matter.  I am making inquiries to discover others of our conviction amongst the soldiery; first I hope to assemble a core group, and then depending upon the King’s orders, we shall see what comes of it.”  
Quill smiled and saluted, “then know that you have another faithful man at your service, lieutenant.”  

The miniscule village had suddenly become the center of the world, for the King and all his important advisors, generals, and officials were gathered therein.  The King and his retinue had taken over the inn, the greater amongst the nobility had taken over the majority of the houses, and the rest were housed in elegant pavilions while the townsfolk had been hustled off to the surrounding farms, save those required to tend to the myriad needs of their mighty guests.  Five days ago Willard had come down that accursed hill with his bizarre story and even now, the King knew nothing more than the lies he had heard that day.  His sons seemed to have vanished from the earth, as had that ridiculous tutor, along with a number of the young Sages and Seers of questionable wisdom.  He paced incessantly in the inn’s common room, trying to make sense of it all.  His best scouts had scoured the peak of that ominous hill but could say no more than that a fight of some kind had ensued, blood had been spilled, but nothing more could they tell.  
He would not, could not believe the old peasant and his proclamations of myth!  What was to come of his Kingdom with no heir apparent?  What of this strange new threat upon the border?  Skeletal creatures and dread warriors that no mortal man could kill?  Where had that old teacher run off to?  The King smiled darkly, he would put out a warrant and offer a reward for the man’s capture.  Had he not ordered the man seized?  What had come of him in the interim?  The King called to the servant standing by, awaiting his every whim, “go find the men who took that old fool captive and have them brought to me.  They have some explaining to do.”  
The servant bowed and dashed from the room.  It would do nothing to solve his immediate problems but revenge would undoubtedly feel very good at the moment.  Someone was going to pay for this.  He then sent another servant running for all the available scribes that a warrant and likeness might be made ready for distribution as soon as possible.  Willard would not escape for long.  For the first time in days, the King smiled but not in joy.  Meanwhile, his lords and advisors plotted in their own chambers how this turn of events might avail their own lust for power.

The servant went directly to the captain of the company encamped at the base of that now infamous hill, and demanded in the King’s name to know who it was that had taken the traitor into custody and what had come of him.  The captain had seen the man taken into custody by two of his men but after had paid little heed, thinking the matter a mere trifle, especially when they were ordered to march south soon thereafter.  Said the groggy captain, “you had best ask around the camp if any remember who it was that seized the man and what came of him after.”  
The servant sighed heavily, wanting to be done with this matter swiftly but not daring to return to the King empty-handed.  He bowed himself out and made his rounds of the camp.  First he would speak with the junior officers, perhaps one of them had a hand in it.  The first lieutenant he waked from a sound sleep.  The weary man rubbed his eyes and yawned saying, “I think in the next tent over you shall find your man.”  
The servant cocked his head, “did not two take the man hostage?”  
The officer yawned again, “yes, but only one yet draws breath.  The other we lost in the battle upon the border.  His grave lies a day’s ride south if you would like to interview him as well; at least he is getting some sleep this night.”  
“What of the prisoner?” queried the servant.  
The man shrugged, “that I know not.  Now goodnight.”  
The servant left in eagerness and hastened to the next tent to find his quarry at last.  Quill sat upon a stone next to Brinn’s tent as his friend slept within.  The servant found the boy sitting there, as if awaiting just such a visitor, and demanded, “were you the man who took a certain traitorous tutor into captivity five days ago?”
Quill eyed him curiously but said, “it was I and one other.”  
The servant nodded, “then you had best come with me, for the King demands your presence.”  
Quill stood in surprise, “my presence?”  
The servant nodded, “I know the other who took the man captive is dead but what of the prisoner?”  
Quill very nearly laughed at the mix-up, but said quite soberly as the servant herded him towards the village, “we were ordered to march south that very night, a prisoner would only encumber us and the King had left no orders as to his disposition, so thinking him a minor nuisance we let him go.  Whither he has fled I know not.”  
The servant shook his head grimly, “the King shall not be happy to hear it and thus it may go ill with you.”  
Quill smiled into the darkness, amused at the thought of the King somehow inflicting harm upon his person.  They entered the village as the sun was rising, the King met them at the door of the inn.  The King smiled in grim delight and then utter wonder as he studied the mere boy before him.  “This is the sole malefactor?” groused the King.  
The servant bowed deeply and said, “yes Majesty, his compatriot lies dead upon the southern border; the traitor himself was loosed by the man before you.”  
The King demanded, “why loose such a creature without my consent?”
Quill bowed to the correct degree and said, “Majesty, the man had done no wrong and we seized him upon your whim, but you left no further order or instruction as to what should be done about this mere annoyance.  You also ordered us south and we could hardly bear him thus, so we loosed him thinking that your only command was that he be removed from troubling you more.”  
The King was agape for a moment in astonishment but his wrath soon overcame his appreciation of the soldier’s sensible reply, “who is to say he was not a villain?  Certainly not you!  He corrupted my son in the ways of his vile Master and thus was complicit in his death!  He shall be hunted down like the dog he is and so shall all such rebels who dare believe this folly!  It shall henceforth be outlawed in all my realm under penalty of death and such shall be your fate as well.”  
Quill did not seem worried in the least about his own doom but pleaded with the King, “what foolishness is this Sire, that you would ban that which is most dear to your subjects and to the hearts of all men?”  
The King glowered, “call me a fool will you?  Then your death shall be a slow and painful one!  My mind is decided and none shall budge it.”  
His words were cut short as a mounted scout galloped into the village and swung himself from the saddle before his Highness, bowing deeply and out of breath, he panted, “your son comes my Lord!”
“What?!” gasped the King, “My house is not utterly forsaken?”  
A look of unease entered the soldier’s eyes as he continued, “nay my Lord, it is the younger of which I speak.  He who has chosen to dabble in things best left alone, who is known to have murdered many of your soldiers and perhaps even his own brother.  He comes to treat with you upon the matter of the Crown and the future thereof.”  
The King’s natal joy turned to terror as the man spoke.  He did not quite believe Tyne could yet be so evil but from the depths of his heart came a silent scream of utter horror.  He would not admit the Master’s abiding goodness but he could not deny the Dark Prince’s vileness.  The King sighed deeply, “what am I to do?”  
The scout shook his head, “whatever he asks my Lord or die upon his sword unless some miracle of grace save you and us all.”  
The King’s dejection turned to terror as he said, “how can there be a miracle when I deny the very source of such things!  This then is the end of all things.  Either I or my entire Kingdom, and likely both shall fall evermore into darkness.  At least this answers the pressing question of what comes next for my Kingdom now that my sons are spent.”  He sat down dejectedly upon the bench outside the inn and seemed a man ancient in years, bent with sorrow beyond mortal bearing.  Quill and the servant stood forgotten, as did the scout and all the world, for it seemed the King had withdrawn into himself, nevermore to stir among living men.  
Quill asked of the soldier, “when comes the villain?”  The servant glowered, thinking it quite improper for one condemned to speak so bluntly at such an hour, if ever.  
The scout shook his head, “any moment I fear.  He came upon me as I rode and held my horse and I frozen in terror by the least glance of his eyes.  He bade me ride back with all haste and bear these grim tidings to the King.  So have I done.”  
“And with little time to spare,” snarled Tyne, as his bestial horse stopped before the wretched King and his terrified servants.  The scout’s horse screamed in terror and fled ere his master could calm him.  The King looked upon his late son in horror while his two mortal servants shrunk back behind the corner of the inn.  Tyne had eyes only for the King, and said in a voice dripping with scorn, “you shall pass your crown to the man of my choosing and he shall reign as I bid him, father.”  He laughed dreadfully upon speaking the last and the King fainted dead away.  Tyne snarled in frustration and reached towards the inanimate form, but a sharp pain to his wrist stayed his hand as he turned to face the fool that dared interfere.  “You again!” snarled Tyne, “At least it is not my dear, late brother.  You are no threat, simply a nuisance.”
He left his father lying where he had fallen, drew his sword, and charged the insolent boy who ever seemed to be in his way.  They fought for a few moments, the scout and the servant watching with terrified eyes from behind the inn, and then Tyne banished his foe in a flash of light as his blade found its mark.  A delighted laugh rumbled deep in his throat but it died away to a pitiful wail as he too vanished suddenly with a mortal blow.  
Bayard put up his sword and turned to look upon his stricken father, whose eyes blinked in astonishment to see his vanished son vanquish his villainous brother.  The scout and the servant dashed back to the King’s side and aided him in setting himself upright as he sat upon the bench, wearied with relief and wonder.  He looked the boy over, wondering why he wore such bland attire but could see nothing else strange about him.  Perhaps it had all been a terrible dream?  
This last he had spoken aloud and Bayard replied, “nay Sire, it is as you fear it to be.  The miracle you sought has been sent and your Kingdom spared once more from evil, but do not deny your people the chance to seek the Master should they wish it or all shall truly fall into shadow and yourself with it.”  
The King felt his wrath building, “I shall do as I please and shall take no tongue from you, boy!  I will not be threatened.  I am King, and I alone shall decide what shall be in my Kingdom.”  
Bayard bowed his head in sad acquiescence and said, “this warning and rescue have both been sent by the Master, who is King above all the meager kings of the earth.  You shall do as you wish Sire, as is the wont of all men, but also shall you reap the consequences thereof.”  He bowed deeply and vanished.
The King stood shakily and demanded, “where is that traitorous soldier?”  
The servant said in quiet dread, “your villainous son made an end of him, Sire.  He stood in your defense and took a sword through the heart on your behalf.  Sire, no traitor was he.”  The King stared with such malice upon the servant that he quickly amended by saying, “but that is not for me to judge.  Whatever he was; he is no more.”  
The King smiled at this and said, “and so too shall be that fool he carelessly loosed upon the world.”  
He walked back into the inn with a strength and confidence that defied his state only moments before as he ordered his servants to prepare for their immediate departure.  At last he knew something of the future of his realm and it would be great indeed!  Who needed an heir when both were heretics of the worst kind and insolent at that!  He would go on without a care for either the Dark Prince or his dread foe.  Man would rise to glories unknown once he unshackled himself from ancient myths!

“Ouch,” sighed Quill, as he found himself lying beside a certain infamous stone.  Continued he, rising to his feet, “that hurt almost as much as the first time.”  
Paige, who had been patiently cropping the grass in the little clearing, looked up in surprise, “I did not think you had yet fallen to a Dreadlord’s blade?”  
Quill looked at the stone and smiled grimly in remembrance, “actually, it was his spear and a Soldier’s blade that took me and stained this very rock crimson with my blood.”  The Pegassi shuddered, not liking the thought of death, a strange concept to one who knew nothing beyond the joys and innocence of Paradise, save vaguest legend and mere theory.  Quill brightened, “at least the pain is but for a moment and then my Master’s joy is restored.”  
The Pegassi shook his head in wonder, “and to think your first fathers forsook Paradise and their Master for this wretched place.”  
Quill smiled sadly, “such is the foolishness of men!  Some even think themselves wise to continue in such folly, even when they know themselves to be proud scoundrels and delight in being called heretics.”  
Sighed Paige, “I will never understand men, but come, our next adventure awaits.”  They exchanged a smile and vanished together, leaving the stone in peace once more.
Darvin crept from the concealing vegetation where he had taken refuge when the great horse appeared next to that cursed stone.  He recognized it as the stone upon which his poor master had fallen and wondered what it was doing in such a forgotten place, so many miles from where he had last seen it.  He had been nearly mad with delight to see his master suddenly appear beside the stone, lying for a moment as one blissfully asleep, not as a murdered corpse with a half severed head, as last Darvin had seen him.  
But suddenly the boy stirred and exchanged friendly words with that strange horse, freezing Darvin in his place.  He marveled at their inane words and dared not stir from his hiding place.  What was this strange fit that had seized his master, and haunted him even after life had ceased?  What dreadful curse held him in its sway?  Certainly he must be bewitched by this devious Master, else he would have remained to succor his poor, faithful Darvin in his hour of greatest need.  But how to win his master back?  Certainly there could be no help save from the Master’s bitter foe.  Who better to save Quill from the villain’s clutches?  With a half-mad smile, Darvin set forth upon the road south.

“Are you certain he said we were going to die?” asked Lawe of Kipril as they continued upon the Road.  
Kipril nodded, “he may perhaps have been speaking metaphorically but we would be fools not to assume he was plainly telling the grim truth.  In taking this Road we have agreed to end our mortals lives, if not physically, then at least in having any say over our own destiny from now on.”  
Lawe sighed, “I knew you were going to say that.”  
Kipril cocked his head, “then are you regretting our choice?”  
Lawe smiled weakly, “perhaps I am.  I was overawed by the beauty and strength of the warrior and his mount, and our dark guide terrified me nigh unto death.  I guess any escape, especially with the promise of such wonder, drove me thence.  Now I wonder if I was not a fool to act in such haste.”  
Kipril said quietly, “I am sure all you need do is step aside and the Road will no longer bear you into danger.”  
Lawe shook his head, “I know that to be true but I also would despise myself and ever wonder what lay upon this strange Way.”  
Kipril frowned, “so then is your heart true to the Master or do you simply follow out of your own dire curiosity?”  
Lawe shook his head, “I fear it is more the latter than the former.  Perhaps my affection shall grow upon the way?”  
“Nay lad,” came the sweet voice of a beautiful maiden, garbed in the most splendid robes either boy had ever seen, “this way shall merely destroy you unless your heart be true, even then it shall consume you utterly.  Stay instead with me and we shall ever find joy together with no shadows to darken our path.”  
Lawe was entranced by the rich beauty before him, but Kipril’s hand was firm on his shoulder, as he said, “come away, this is merely another trick of the Road.  There may be danger upon the way but there is certainly more to be feared from falling into the clutches of such as she.”  
With that, her melodious voice broke into the cackle of an old hag and her fair visage melted away into that of an awful, disfigured witch.  The boys ran as fast as they could, but ever her mocking voice pursued them, until at last they were far from her clutches.  
Sighed Lawe, “I grow tired of the tricks and traps upon this way.  Here power and riches beckon; there beautiful women and joy entice.  Thrice friends and relations have beckoned or chided.  Old men have begged help and oft has danger threatened but never has any true harm come upon us.  We have crossed deserts parched with thirst with an oasis just over the horizon, calling us to drink our fill.  We have roasted by day and frozen by night.  Through darkness, loneliness, and storm have we trudged ever onwards.  Pleasant lands and desperate Kings have beckoned us to stop, but ever do we press on.  I weary of this way!  It is all mirage and trick and grows tedious!  A little true excitement would not be unwelcome.”  
Kipril shook his head, “I grow as tired as you my friend, but ever must we press on until it is ended.  Only a fool wishes for excitement upon such a way, for I fear he very soon may get far more than at first he anticipated.”
“Truly spoken,” came the hissing words of a griffin, perched upon a great stone that took up most of the space in the clearing before them.  Kipril looked about in alarm, for the Road was at an end, there was no way forward, only back.  But as he glanced behind him, that way too was hemmed in with trees.  The forest formed a silent wall, entrapping them in the little glade with the monster, which eyed them hungrily.  
“What do you want?” gasped Lawe of the beast, as it yawned, showing a terrible, gaping beak that could easily rend human flesh.  
The creature stretched like a cat and slowly extended the cruel claws upon its feet and said lazily, “it is time for lunch, my dear ones.  Who shall be first?”  Lawe backed to the edge of the clearing but dared go no further, for surely the monster would be upon him in his flight. 
 Kipril asked tremulously, “we do not mean to trespass but were upon a certain Road and would like to continue thither but it seems to have vanished.”  
The creature stared at him as a cat might at a mouse and said in cruel amusement, “I know nothing of any Road but I do know that mortal men who stray into the Fairywood are utter fools and fair prey to such as myself.”  
“I do not wish to die,” gasped Lawe, nearly desperate with fear, “especially for your thrice cursed Master.”  
The creature cocked its head, “of what do you speak, mortal?”  Lawe quickly stuttered out his tale and the monster smiled in grim anticipation.  Said the griffin, “so mortals seeking this strange way do so with their hearts set upon the Master?  I claim no allegiance and very nearly a quarrel with Him and His.”  She smiled in malicious glee, “wretched mortal children though you be, I shall spare your lives if you agree to forsake this foolish path.”  
Kipril drew himself up and said quietly, “that I will not do.”  
She licked her beak in anticipation and focused her cruel eyes upon Lawe, who stuttered, “madam, I shall gladly do as you bid.”  
She leapt upon Kipril as if he were truly a mouse, and carried his torn and bleeding form back to the rock upon which she had been sitting.  Lawe watched in horror as she fell upon his friend, and she said almost as an afterthought, “get you gone wretch, or you shall be next.”  Nearly fainting in horror and relief, Lawe stumbled blindly through the woods and tried vainly not to listen to the snapping of bone behind him as the creature partook of her meal.

Upon a certain glorious beach, before a glittering Sea, Kipril found himself facing his Master even as Quill and Bayard had done.  The formalities accomplished, the inglorious little bird paced before His relatively immense servant, saying, “your first duty shall be something quite new in all the face of creation, but then again something older than the world you know.  New in that it has never quite happened in this way before, old because rebellion and pride are as ancient as the advent of My Foe.  The Pegassi have gone and rebelled, a thing they have never done before.  Unlike the fathers of men, who corrupted the whole race, or the other fairy folk that took near half their people into exile, this bout of arrogance affects only one member of that race.  I have Asked and he has refused and thus has he been exiled to the mortal world, now a lesser creature like all the sons of men.  Go and find him and tell him there is yet hope but now he too must pass the gates of death ere redemption comes, as was once solely the fate of men.”  Kipril bowed in wonder as the world suddenly vanished in a great flash of light.
The world resolved itself into the familiar lands of men, though now strangely foreign to Kipril’s quite changed sensibilities.  He knew he had an important task before him, spoken by the Master Himself, but first there was another errand that must be done.  He recognized the country about him to be the grim plains that bordered the very south of the world and the Withered Lands beyond.  He stood upon the same road where his own adventure had so recently begun.  Down the path towards the border trudged a solitary man that seemed to be speaking aloud to himself or to persons unseen; his eyes never ceased their roaming but did not seem to see things of this world.  
“Where go ye sir?” asked Kipril politely as the man passed, oblivious to the stranger’s presence.  
The man stopped suddenly and turned in a fury, “I go to save my master!  Enslaved by the Master himself!  I seek the aid of the only one who has ever bested the tyrant!”  
Kipril shook his head sadly, the poor man had obviously suffered a great loss and was mad with grief.  “Tell me what came of your poor master, my friend,” said Kipril, seating himself on a great stone and motioning for the man to do likewise.
Darvin shook his head adamantly, “nay lad!  I must free my master!  I must gets meself south!”  
“Is your master dead, my dear man?” asked Kipril, wondering how to aid this poor wretch.  
Raved the lunatic, “aye and nay!  He was dead as a stone and lay at my feet, yet I have seen him walking the earth even so!”  
Kipril nodded in comprehension, there could be but one explanation.  He asked, “how is it that the Master is to blame for your master’s fate?  What came of him?”  
Darvin stopped raving for a moment and was lost a long while in thought ere he whispered, “it was that cursed dark soldier that did him in.”  
Kipril said quietly, “was it not the Master that granted him life, even after death had seized him?  The servants of evil struck him down, yet in death and shadow does he yet molder?”  
Darvin’s eyes were wide as he pondered these things and suddenly, he collapsed and wept out his long buried grief.  He wept until the weariness of long toil overcame him and at last he slept in peace.  Kipril warded the poor soul while he lay unheeding upon the road, and well he did, for a great shadow fell upon them both.
Kipril saw again his evil guide of what seemed an age past.  The villain seemed to recognize the boy as well, for he mocked, “come to seek again that which you denied at the first?  You will gain nothing now but eternal misery, wretch!  Stand aside and perhaps your life shall be spared.  The madman is mine.”  
Kipril stood his ground and said quietly, “mad and exhausted with grief perhaps, but now the dam is burst and healing might begin.  You shall not disturb him, neither has your master any part in madmen!  He must have willing slaves, not men with minds unable to choose right from wrong.  Should he heal, the choice shall yet be his but for now, I ward his slumber.”  
“The more fool you!” laughed Tyne darkly as he drew his sword and revealed the full terror of his ghastly form.  But as shadow deepened, so too did light break forth like the dawn as the two clashed over the stricken man.  Tyne snarled, “how many of you fell creatures are there?”  
But his query went unanswered, for Kipril soon triumphed over his foe, and as the villain vanished, so too did the light emanating from the victor.  Kipril looked again upon the sleeping form and was surprised to see Darvin’s eyes open and filled with wonder and more glorious still, therein shone the light of reason.  Kipril reached down and helped the man to his feet, as Darvin stuttered, “was that just a dream?”
Kipril smiled, “nay my friend, it was quite real.  The creature that slew your master was quite intent on snatching you as well and bearing you as prey to his own horrid master.  I was sent to protect and aid you.”  
Darvin asked in amazement, “sent?”  
Kipril smiled in pure joy, “by the very One your own dear master now serves with all his heart.  Our service is the same.”  
Darvin sat down heavily on the stone Kipril had just vacated, “you are not slaves or prisoners or victims of some spell?”  
Kipril smiled in amusement, “not in the least.  We are willing servants of our Master and it is all our joy to serve Him thus.”  
Darvin sighed heavily, “but how can I get my master back?”  
Kipril shook his head, “you cannot again bind him to the mortal sphere.  You must release him that he might serve others as I have served you.”  
Darvin’s eyes began to fill with tears as he said, “then he is forever lost to me?”  
Kipril said with joy, “not if you seek the Master, my friend.  Perhaps you shall be sundered while life and time last, but after, all the Master’s faithful need fear no parting.”  
Darvin sighed, “but I set out to align myself with His enemy!  Will He yet take such as me?”  
Kipril replied, “that is His greatest hope and joy.”  And then he was gone.  Darvin gaped about him in amazement, but hastily made his way back north in his right mind and at last in search of hope.

The horse shuddered in terror and exhilaration and horror.  He had done it.  He had defied his Maker and asserted his own rights as an individual, and he was miserable.  He was miserable and alone and oh so utterly reduced from the most glorious of quadrupeds to this pathetic, withered, and wretchedly mortal creature, but he was his own master.  He snorted in annoyance.  Yes he was his own master all right but master of what?  He glanced around him at the endless grey desert that was all he could now see of Paradise.  On the southern horizon he could make out a darker smudge that must be the Fairywood as mortals called it.  
He was not at home in a forest but at least he might find sympathy with his fellow rebels and exiles.  He turned his weary steps south, but little of hope flickered in his miserable soul as he truly came to realize what his pride had cost him.  Erian stumbled into the sheltering cover of the trees, listening desperately for the sound of water, for his throat was parched and he felt upon the verge of physical collapse: a sensation he had never before endured.  Curse this mortal flesh!  He found a muddy pond and greedily gulped the fetid water, regretting his arrogance more and more with each slimy mouthful.  He sighed mournfully, but somewhat refreshed, moved deeper into the woods, wondering what kind of a reception he might receive among his fellow outcasts.
His ears pricked and his head turned at the sound of a creature recklessly crashing through the undergrowth, as if pursued by some deadly terror.  He caught the scent and could not identify it as that of any creature known to him.  The desperate creature ran blindly towards him, shrieking as one in the grip of utter horror.  The boy, for a man it certainly was, did not even see the great horse as he ran past, so intent was he on escaping whatever it was that inspired such terror behind him.  Erian snorted in derision, what on earth could cause such panic in any sensible creature?  Certainly the Fairyfolk must have no love for humans, especially trespassers, but they were all reasonable creatures were they not?  He turned his steps towards whatever it was that had terrified the pathetic wretch and idly wondered if his enemy’s enemy was truly his friend.  The forest thinned slightly and gave way to a small clearing, which revealed what had terrified the wretch out of his senses.  Erian caught the scent of a griffin and a horrid new scent he would come to recognize as blood.  
The griffin lounged upon a rock in the midst of the clearing with her prey clutched in her claws.  She turned a bloody muzzle towards this new intruder and snarled in surprise, “a horse?  Neither of those fools was mounted and why is the beast fool enough to come within smelling distance of a griffin?”  
Erian laid his ears back at this insult and said in some irritation, “I beg you pardon madam, but I am no brutish horse!”  
“It talks,” laughed the monster, “what then are you?  You certainly are no unicorn!”  
Erian sighed, “I was lately a Pegassi and am now reduced to this wretched state for defying the Master.”  
The creature screeched a laugh, “to think one of His true darlings would defy Him to His face!  Hah!  Tossed you out has He?  To die alone in the mortal world?  Lucky for you I am sated by this meager corpse or your misery might soon be ended.”  
The horse gasped, “what?  I thought to seek solace in the company of my fellow exiles and yet you threaten me?  Is this some cruel joke?  Have I not suffered enough this day?”  
She scoffed, “what law is there to keep an immortal from preying upon a mortal?  You are trespassing and the penalty is death.  I left willingly, you were banished.  Hence you are a mortal and death is your lot, and it is my pleasure to give it you or not, at my leisure.”  
Erian reared in fear and screamed in fury, “one reasonable creature cannot truly prey upon another!”  
She yawned expansively and licked her bloody maw lazily, “are you so sure of that?”  She glanced knowingly at the carcass clutched in her claws.  
Only then did Erian see the five fingered hand extending from the carnage and knew to his mortified soul that this was no deer upon which she feasted.  He screamed in horror and fled in disgust, followed by her taunting laughter in his flight.  What wretched creatures were these?  He ran until the edge of the forest gave way to hilly plains, and once certain he was out of the lands held by such merciless creatures, he collapsed in horror and exhaustion.
How long he slept, he did not know.  But upon rousing, he felt as if all his previous experiences were but a nightmare.  He cropped at the grass and refreshed himself in a pleasant creek that wandered past, but such was the contrast with his previous life that he knew all too well that it had not been some hideous dream.  If he could not find companionship among his exiled peers then he would at least be master of his own destiny.  He ran and ran, finding the country to his liking, he ran all the more; giddy with his newfound sense of invincibility, especially when he discovered nothing on four legs could catch him.  The deer and elk were left far behind and he exulted in his great speed and far wiser mind.  
But the days passed and he soon discovered that all the power and wisdom in the world are worthless without purpose or companions with whom to share it.  He was lonely, his very soul ached for another creature with whom to share his heart and mind.  The animals about him were mindless beasts, gone was the constant sense of his Maker, and the immortals of the Wood would as soon kill him as speak with him.  Perhaps man was his only choice, but man must be better than this empty life and biting loneliness.
He traveled south until he came to a small village and there he made to approach the folk busy about their tasks.  They looked up in surprise at this wandering horse of amazing beauty and a look of avarice entered their eyes and Erian suddenly knew what it was to be hunted.  They chased him but none could catch him, but with their pursuit and obvious intent to enslave him, so died all hope in his heart.  He had left his pursuers far behind but yet he ran on as dusk fell and the world grew dark about him.  His heedless flight carried him into a land of aimless rivers and fetid pools, with mud that would devour unwitting travelers fool enough to wander thence.  And so he found himself caught in one of the insatiable bogs and there he struggled until weariness overcame him and he waited for death to come.  Death!  Who would think one of the mighty Pegassi would taste of such a vile soup?  But there he lay, wondering if at last he might find peace but a shudder ran through his being and he knew that though things were terrible now, worse lay beyond the fragile curtain of life for those who forsook the Master.  He sighed in despair; his heart as dark and bitter as the night about him.
He must have dozed, for the dim light of morning was creeping back into the world when he was roused by a touch of something on his neck.  He flinched, thinking it a snake or other vile denizen of this fell swamp but was surprised to find a rope about his once proud neck.  So it was he would be rescued, only to toil away his meager life in slavery?  He pinned his ears back and glared at this would be rescuer who had looped the other end of the rope around a sturdy tree.  “Now,” said the boy, “you need to help me for I cannot do this alone.  Move towards the edge and I’ll keep the rope taut as you make progress and hopefully between us you’ll soon be out of the mire.”  
The horse snarled, not caring at this point if the boy discovered his hidden sapience, “I would rather die here than spend the remainder of my life in the clutches of men.”  
The boy shook his head, “have you any idea what awaits a rebel of your standing after death?”  The horse gaped at him, as the boy continued, “certainly the same as all unrepentant men face.  What is mortal slavery, at least as you see it, compared to the nothingness of the Abyss?  You think this is misery?  You should imagine what comes after.  Now quit being a fool and help me, at least then you might have time to change your stubborn mind.”  
The horse was stunned, “change my mind?  You mean repent?  There can be no hope for such as I!”  
The boy laughed, “only if you are determined to die here in your stubbornness.  Think you your rebellion so great that the Master cannot atone for it as He can all the myriad evils of men?  Come, my stubborn beast, and discover that it is not always so terrible a thing to discover one is wrong.”
The horse shook his head in wonder but put his full effort into freeing himself from the mire and soon enough lay panting upon the firmer ground beside the bog and to his surprise, the boy obligingly removed the rope from his neck.  He looked gratefully at the boy, “I thought you meant to make me a slave?”  
The boy shook his head, “you are only a slave to sin and that by your own choice.  What you do with your life is your decision, but I pray you do not waste my efforts and spend it foolishly.”  
The horse snorted deprecatingly, “I have been an utter fool.  I repent of my idiocy and wish again to seek my Master’s service, can I not return to my former home?”  
The boy shook his head, “wanton rebels must taste of death ere they see Paradise again.  It will be weary to such as yourself but despair not, you can still be of use to the Master this side of eternity.”  
The horse made no answer, for his ears pricked and his eyes turned in the direction of the sound that had suddenly caught all his attention; the boy dropped the rope he had been clutching and murmured silently to the horse, “do not reveal to them your true nature or it will be worse for you.  You can fight them vainly to the death or you can submit to them and live.”  The horse sighed in resignation but made no attempt to flee or fight; the boy moved as little as the horse, as the band of ragged men approached.
“That is a fine looking beast lad,” said their seedy looking leader, “how much will you sell him for?”  
Kipril stood his ground and said evenly, “he is not for sale, sir.”  
The man sneered, “that is just as well, as we are not in the mood to be buying, but feel free to donate him and yourself to our cause and you just might live another day.”  
Kipril nodded wearily and allowed himself to be taken into the custody of the gypsy band, though there was little they could truly do to harm him.  He felt for the horse’s sake he needed to set a good example and it appeared that the horse would take the hint, for he rose shakily to his feet and followed placidly behind his captors, though whether out of true submission or simply out of exhaustion, Kipril could not say.  It was obvious the beast was valuable but even more so that the creature was on the verge of collapse and could not travel far for some time.  So it was that they moved safely away from the bogs and made camp, ready to wait until the beast could manage a day’s travel before pushing him too hard.  Kipril was put to work caring for the horse as well as any number of tedious chores about the camp.  In what little time they had unsupervised, the boy and the horse talked of the Master, redemption, and of life in the mortal world.  
The horse had just about regained his full strength and had resigned himself to a life pulling gypsy wagons for the glory of his Master when his fate took another drastic turn.  Kipril was putting the revived Erian through his paces for the much pleased leader of the caravan, when a sinister voice interrupted with, “that beast will make a fine addition to our company, as will his rider and all such as are found in your camp.  Prepare to surrender yourselves to the Blackguard!”  
Erian stopped so suddenly Kipril was flung to the ground but the gypsies were not so dismayed, already they were reaching for swords and bows to defend their camp and their lives from the dozen soldiers that had approached the caravan.  “Not likely,” came a new voice full of confidence and command.  Kipril smiled to see an equal number of soldiers in the King’s livery surrounding the evil men.  Between the King’s men and the gypsies, it should be an easy fight.  
A chill ran through the young Messenger as he heard a new voice that hissed, “think again, fool.”  The Wraith laughed mockingly, the undead magician launched a ball of red flame at the King’s captain who vanished suddenly, horse and all, in the ensuing inferno.  The remaining soldiers gasped in horror and tried to calm their own panicky mounts.  Snarled the Wraith, “such shall be the fate of all who oppose the Dark Prince!”  And in yet another reversal that day, Kipril drew forth his belt knife and leapt upon the mocking Wraith, as it shrieked, “infidel!  No mortal blade can harm me!”  
But little did the creature know that this was no mortal hand that wielded the insubstantial weapon but it was enough to strike a finishing blow.  The creature shrieked its agony and vanished in a blaze of black fire that consumed Kipril along with the Wraith.  Erian watched in horror as his one mortal friend vanished with the fiend he had somehow destroyed.  Brinn watched his captain disappear in flames, and then the Wraith and the strange boy did likewise, taking charge of the situation, he ordered the remainder of his men to secure the Blackguard, who had no will to fight now that the Wraith was gone, and they were truly outnumbered by the King’s soldiers and the gypsies.  
The gypsy leader was very grateful to the King’s soldiers, and in thanks for their rescue gave Brinn, the now acting commander of the company, the most valuable asset he possessed: Erian.  Erian went willingly with his new master, thinking it a slightly better fate to be a soldier’s horse rather than toiling away pulling wagons the rest of his life, but he also knew it would not be wise to reveal himself to anyone, save his vanished friend.  At least he was finally at peace with his fate and more importantly, the Master.
The small company of the King’s men had just parted company with the gypsies and was seeking a place to make camp for the night, when a man in the livery of the King’s messengers rode hastily up and sought an audience with their commander.  Brinn was quite surprised to see Quill delivering messages for the King.  
The Messenger laughed, “I do deliver messages for the King, just not for any mortal of that title.  You will soon enough receive a summons to return to the capital, as your exploits here will not go long unnoticed, and the King will be eager to reward such service, but he will also change the priorities of his armies and soon you will be sent out to enforce his new edicts.  You will need to decide whom you will serve, for your mortal master is now at odds with the true Master.  No longer will the King’s men ride to protect the innocent, instead he will use his armies to enforce his own whims upon his people.”  
Brinn sighed, “I feared as much but I will do as I must, have no fear of that.”  
Quill smiled, “then I had best be off, but know that your new horse is more than he seems.  You can trust him with your life.  Farewell.”  
He made his way quietly out of the camp, but first stopped beside the picket lines, as if examining the beasts.  His gaze fell upon Erian and he whispered quietly, “your new master will very soon need a mount who is faithful and wise beyond the wont of mortal horses.  He is a servant of the Master and will render Him great service in the coming days.  Farewell.”  Erian turned his great head to peer curiously at the strange boy but he had vanished from sight.  Who were these strange creatures?  And just what did his cryptic message mean?

A summons did come, just as Quill had predicted and Brinn was ready with his answer when he stood before the King and a gathering of all the soldiers, Sages, Seers, Warriors, and anyone of note, power, or consequence in the entire world.  Said the King proudly, “you are hereby promoted to Captain for your heroism and faithfulness!  May all aspire to such service!  As such, I am hereby putting you in charge of the new and vital mission upon which my soldiers shall immediately set out.  Long have we thought that our true enemy dwelt far to the South, yet fools were we in this assumption, for we fight not a physical war but one of ideology.  For too long have we been slaves to ancient legend and myth, but no longer!  Henceforth, such heresy, which is certainly incompatible with any loyal members of our citizenry, shall be punishable by death!  No longer will heretics infest our nation, ensnare our children, and imperil our future.  You shall go forth and root out this evil, which is the underlying cause of all our true woes!  What say you?”  
Dead silence met this unexpected proclamation.  All knew what had come of the young princes but none knew how terribly it had affected the King and his judgment.  This was pure madness.  While most were indifferent to the old legends, the thought of abandoning the southern defenses to chase heretics was foolishness itself.  There was no better way to ensure the destruction of the Kingdom, if not mankind.
Brinn said gravely, “while I appreciate your recognition of my attention to duty Sire, I would be negligent to the point of treason if I did not tell you this is a terrible idea you have put forth.  Not only will it allow merciless villains free access to your lands and people, but it would also divide your Kingdom and lead, without doubt, to its ultimate collapse.”  
The King was stunned, he expected such nonsense from his advisors but not from his minions.  He raged, “are you saying you will have no part in this great new vision?”  
Brinn bowed deeply and said as he withdrew, “aye Sire, and so will many of those currently under your command.  We are deeply loyal to our King and Country, but this is madness, and we will defy the former if it will save the latter.  Stay this nonsense and we need do nothing rash.”  
The King reddened in fury and spluttered, “traitor!  Heretic!  End his inanity now and forever!”  
But no one raised a hand against Brinn, as uneasy glances were exchanged and an unsettling murmur arose amongst the previously stunned audience.  Brinn bowed one last time as he withdrew, saying, “so shall it be Majesty.  We shall continue in the defense of all we hold dear.  We shall see how long your Kingdom holds together under this new edict.  Farewell.”  
Brinn and his likeminded followers withdrew quickly and silently while the King raged and spluttered; those that remained were too stunned to raise a hand against them.  Bayard watched his father from a distance and shook his head sadly, knowing that the end of the world as he once knew it had come and at the hands of his own, stubborn father.

Two-thirds of those gathered that day withdrew from the King’s service, though most were not dedicated heart and soul to the Master’s service, all could see that the King was losing his grip on things and imperiled his Kingdom thereby.  His private vendetta had consumed him and would destroy his country if he was not stopped.  His lords, generals, and advisors began speaking amongst themselves about how to turn this to their advantage.  The remaining soldiery, Sages, Warriors, and Seers were quickly reorganized and reinforced with brigands, mercenaries, and ne’er-do-wells seeking any opportunity that might avail them.  Those they tormented need not be adherents to any specific doctrine or ideology, that they had something their oppressors wanted was quite enough.  
These minions were quickly gathered up by the King’s underlings into various factions and companies, the better to advance each individual’s personal agenda.  So instead of protecting the Kingdom’s people, the army began to prey upon them instead.  Agents of the Dark Prince also began to infiltrate the various levels of power and influence, throwing a shadow over an already confused system.  The peasants, bereft of protection from hostilities without and exposed to parasites within, soon revolted, throwing the nation into utter chaos.  
Brinn and those faithful to their original mission organized into companies and wandered the world, fighting back those agents of the Dark One trying to press their advantage during such tumultuous times, but in the chaos, many were those who gave up in despair and confusion.  Soon, only those whose hope was rooted in things beyond this world remained faithful and a shield between the innocent and utter darkness.
Willard and his small band of seers, sages, and wise men swiftly gained adherents as once settled men fled their homes during the chaos and sought some meaning in the strife.  Some turned to banditry while others found the Master.  So it was, that this small band of wanderers quickly ballooned into a significant force with a voice of hope and reason in a time of peril and darkness.  They wandered from place to place, encouraging the downcast and preaching hope to the hopeless; it was through their valiant efforts that men did not forget utterly all they once knew before the chaos.  Eventually the Kingdom collapsed and all order broke down.  The strong preyed upon the weak and it was truly a miracle that any survived to come out the other side.  After twenty years of chaos and civil war, the once great kingdom shattered into many and varied smaller nations, each under the rule of one of the late King’s advisors or great lords.  The great lord himself did not live long after his kingdom began to crumble, and none knows whether it was treachery or suicide that ended his madness, but it was too late for the once great nation and its people groaned under the ensuing chaos for nearly two decades.  
With the restoration of something resembling order, the world again began to resume its nearly forgotten rhythms of life.  The Wanderers continued to go from place to place, teaching not only of the Master but also were the only bearers of knowledge and wisdom in this new age and were welcomed by the natal Kings as vital links to the forgotten things of the past.  The Whiteguard, under Brinn’s guidance, continued to keep the Blackguard at bay whilst the Messengers kept the undead minions of evil from overwhelming the lands of men.  The newly established monarchs did not appreciate armed men not sworn to themselves going freely about their lands, but they knew the Whiteguard provided a vital service that the Kings and Lords could not yet provide, so tolerated their interference with as much grace as they could, eagerly waiting for the day when they could oust the intruders and maintain the peace of their own realms.  Each country varied in its acceptance of the late King’s so-called heresies but none were openly opposed to it, at least as long as its bearers provided a vital and necessary function to the nation, but once their usefulness was at an end, so too would the welcome be in many of these new realms.   

Willard was by now an ancient man and had seen many strange things in his life, but perhaps this would be the strangest, for never had there been such a gathering.  The old Age was well and truly dead, and it seemed the birth pangs of this new Era had finally subsided into only an occasional shudder and hiccup, as relative peace and order were restored.  The Wanderers and Whiteguard had worked ceaselessly to bring about this fragile peace and this gathering was to discuss what then would be their future.  As the nations gradually gained power and autonomy, their services would be much less appreciated and they themselves might become outlaws and renegades in many lands, depending on the disposition of the current sovereign.  
A rasping breath and hacking cough drew Willard’s attention as he turned to face his coconspirator, Brinn, the leader of the Whiteguard.  Pity played across the old man’s face as he looked upon this once vital warrior whose body had succumbed to the ravages of a slow disease of the lungs.  He who had fought valiantly to establish and maintain the Guard, could now barely hold his sword and leant heavily upon the shoulder of his strangely faithful old horse; the creature was very nearly sentient in how he nursed the ailing man along.  The entire strength of both companies was here gathered and not just they, but also a small company of the Messengers as well, for this gathering would be a prime target for the minions of the Enemy, who might be able to destroy them in one fell swoop.
They had been talking and debating for days and now all but a few minor details had been hammered out.  All that remained was for the founders to hand over the reins to this next, eager generation, for theirs was the future while their venerable leaders were men of a dying age.  Darvin sadly took over the leadership of the Wanderers, as a young and eager captain took over command of the Guard from the nearly legendary Brinn.  The erstwhile leaders and their replacements walked slowly away from the main throng of excited men and made their way towards a small clump of trees wherein three plainly clad men waited, holding the reins of equally drab horses.  
Bayard greeted Willard eagerly while Darvin nearly fainted for joy to see Quill, who smiled like a fool at his old friend.  Brinn complained good-naturedly to Quill about his unending youth and vitality, to which he replied laughingly, “just goes to show what dying young will do for your constitution.”  Kipril smiled at Brinn’s nearly forgotten horse, who shook his head and blinked his eyes, as if he could not believe the vision before him.  The young captain wondered what all the fuss was about.  Darvin seemed somehow resigned to some great sadness, but also eager to usher in this new era of relative peace.
Willard turned to Darvin and said, “you have been a great help to me lad and now I place the leadership of this rascally band into your competent hands.”  
Darvin smiled sadly, “I just wish I did not have to say goodbye to another dear friend.”  
Quill slapped the man on the back and grinned, “come now, Darvin!  We have all eternity to remember ‘the good old days.’  This is but a temporary parting.  Your turn will come soon enough.”  
Darvin smiled sadly, “I suppose in looking back it will not seem so great a burden, but from a mortal perspective it is still a grievous loss.”  
Brinn sighed heavily and a cough doubled over his weak form as it wracked his withered body.  The young captain was at his leader’s side in a moment, but Brinn fended him off and said in gruff amusement, “you have enough to worry about minding the rest of the Guard, let an ailing old officer alone!”  
Erian shook himself in consternation and finally overcame his enforced reserve, speaking for the first time in twenty years, “what is all this flap about?”  The four mortal men turned as one and stared at the horse in amazement, as if they had never heard a horse speak before.  The three Messengers and their Pegassi exchanged an amused grin, while Erian merely looked sheepish.  
Bayard answered the horse’s flummoxed query, “it is the end of one era and the beginning of a new; the passing of one generation and the flowering of another.  These men have served well and faithfully, and now that their time is at an end, they have come to bid a final farewell to their replacements.”  The former Pegassi seemed to understand and his ears drooped in resignation, as he realized that his friend of twenty years was about to abandon him to strangers in this bitter mortal world.
Kipril grinned, “do not look so downcast my dear Pegassi, for you too have served your purpose and our Master well.  You are welcome to join us, if you so wish?”  
Erian’s ears perked up in joy and he eyed his shaky master sadly, “I would gladly accompany you and I would continue to fight, but in that way more natural to my people.”  
Brinn stared at the horse, “you great idiot!  You have served me well for twenty years and just now you tell me you have a mind of your own?  And now you think I would abandon the fight?  This wretched mortal shell of mine can go on no longer, but my heart still yearns to stand between evil and all our Master holds dear!  If it is allowed me, of course I shall continue.”  The horse reared for pure joy and both turned eager eyes upon Bayard, who failed utterly to conceal his laugh of joy.  
Willard sighed, “you giddy young folk might want more of this war, but I am ready to lay aside my sword, as it were.”  
Bayard turned smiling eyes upon his aged teacher and said, “you too shall have your wish my old friend, and what tales we all shall have to tell one day.  Come, the day wastes and those that remain behind have much to do once we are gone.”  
Darvin openly wept as he bid farewell to both Quill and Willard; the young captain just looked flummoxed, as he watched his late commander weakly crawl aback the strange horse.  Erian eyed Kipril with some astonishment, “you have been of this persuasion since first we met?”  
Kipril grinned like a fool, “certainly, my dear Pegassi, how else could I know so much about your strange situation?  We had been meant for one another at the first, but now you have found yourself another rider and all has turned out well in the end.”
Bayard helped Willard into the saddle before him and the others were quickly aback their own mounts.  Darvin and the young captain drew back from the four horses and watched in wonder as there came a great rustling as of wings and a brilliant light consumed them all.  They exchanged a wondrous look and slowly made their way back to the encampment to ready for their own departure.  
The world lurched for a moment around the Pegassi and resolved itself upon a familiar beach.  The three Messengers and their Pegassi withdrew to a respectful distance, leaving the two frail men and the horse to face the Master Himself.  What was said between them, no book records, but the look of wonder and awe upon all three faces told a joyous tale, before all three plunged themselves into the Sea.  
Erian emerged first, a great glowing vision in white; crystal drops of water flew everywhere from his immense wings.  The failing Brinn stood strong and healthy, a man in the prime of youth.  Willard was young again himself, but his attention was fully focused oversea, in the direction of the Master’s bright country.  The Magpie lit on his shoulder and together they vanished to that place that beckons to all mortal hearts and minds.  Erian and Brinn greeted each other as long lost friends and together made their way out of the glorious surf.  The others approached with joy and greeted their new comrades.  
Erian sighed in great contentment, “this then is how it should have always been!”  The others shared a joyous laugh, then each vanished upon his own errands in this dawning age of men. 



Not Quite Human:

The plainly clad man stood waiting patiently in the elaborately decorated chamber though if one looked closely, it was still obviously a cave of some sort.  Somewhere a clock ticked and the scratching of a pen upon parchment were the only sounds to disturb the tomblike silence.  A very short man with sparse, grey hair poking out from his head in every direction adjusted his spectacles or itched his nose occasionally but otherwise seemed unaware of anything save his work before him, to which he assiduously attended.  
Kyan cleared his throat for the seventeenth time and the little man looked up in surprise, “still here are you?  Her Ladyship is quite busy, as I have already told you but I would be happy to make an appointment for you, I think there is some time in the early afternoon seventy three years from now?”  
Kyan sighed, “this is a very pressing matter concerning one of your Lady’s agents and it must be addressed in a timely fashion.”  
The imp laughed haughtily, “sir, if you knew anything of dragons you would know that anything less than a century is considered timely.”  
Kyan shook his head regretfully, “I am sorry it had to come to this then.”  
“Where are you going?” gasped the secretary in astonishment, “You will not survive such lunacy!  Come back!”  
But it was too late, the young man had dashed past the impudent little creature and walked straight through the exquisitely carved doors at the back of the cavern.  The little secretary scratched his head in wonder, for the doors were tightly closed; he dared not go after the man or whatever he was, more out of fear of his mistress than the strange abilities of the visitor. 
Kyan found himself in a great cavern, deep within the mountain’s heart whose floor was littered with gold and gems that glittered in the striking shaft of sunlight that made its way into the otherwise endless night via cleverly carved tunnels and strategically placed mirrors.  There came a hissing wind from the shadowy depths of the cave and two golden eyes sparkled with malice; a grim female voice rumbled, “who are you that dares disturb me?”  
Kyan bowed formally and said without preamble, “your Ladyship, I was sent to speak with you concerning one of your agents.  She is quite unmanageable and unless you rein her in immediately, this matter will be dealt with in a manner most unsatisfactory to yourself and all your kind.”  
The dragon hissed, “who are you to treat with me or threaten my agents, mortal?”  
Kyan shook his head, “I am of no import your Ladyship, but my Master has all authority and more to deal with this matter.”  
She drew back like a frightened snake, hissing, “your Master…I see.”  Then she laughed scornfully, “long ago my people forsook His rule that we might rule ourselves.  I do not recognize His authority in this or any matter.  Besides, what has my agent done to garner His wrath?”  
Kyan said quietly, “she is too close to the one she was sent to follow, and is manipulating the boy into making a decision that must be his own according to your own laws.  She is also using any means necessary to remove conflicting influence from the boy’s vicinity.”  
The dragon snarled, “what sort of means?”  
Kyan said grimly, “nothing short of murder.”  
The dragon laughed darkly, “whose?”  
Kyan caught her flaming gaze in his own and said firmly, “mine.”

It had been a long winter, too long if you asked either of the boys traipsing energetically through the quickening spring wood.  Matt had felt his restlessness growing all winter until it very nearly drove him mad, but at last spring came and his freedom with it.  His feet had never been this itchy before, he felt if he did not leave he would burst.  Finally the heavy rains had passed and the cold winds with it.  The heady scent of fresh earth and early blooming trees filled the air while a chorus of innumerable avian voices made the ears tingle with joy.  The green fingers of newly emerged leaves were pushing boldly into the sunshine from the branches overhead and amidst the litter of last year‘s leaves beneath.  It was a wonderful time to be a boy, most especially one upon an adventure.  And to Matt’s great delight, he was not alone, for his oldest and dearest friend would not hear of him going off into the world unaccompanied.  Where they were headed was anyone’s guess but both rejoiced in their newfound freedom and the simple joy of living.  They were only two days from home but felt already like seasoned adventurers.
Matt remarked cheerily, more to the air than to his companion, “do you think we will be heroes?”  
Kyan laughed, “I am sure we shall find adventure soon enough.  For one so eager to leave home, it seems odd that you have no set plans.”  
Matt grinned, “what sort of hero ever sets out with a plan?  Most seem to fall into the story by happenstance.  I wonder what our own will be like?”  
Kyan smiled, “that we may not know for years to come!  Remember, they leave the tedium and intervening years out of the stories.  A boy goes from novice to seasoned warrior in a few pages though years have certainly passed in the interim.”  
Matt shrugged, “I suppose you are right but I feel as if anything and everything can happen on a day such as this.”  
Kyan shook his head in amusement and continued after his friend, who seemed drawn irresistibly towards something he could not name, but seemed to desire with his entire being.  A little inn poked its head out of the trees before them and the boys exchanged an eager look, for this was the first sign of human habitations they had seen since leaving their village.  Finally, it seemed their adventures were about to begin.  By common consent, though no words were spoken, they were determined to see what this exciting place might hold for them, for all adventures surely began amid such humble surroundings.
Evening was already coming on and the patrons began to appear, as if by magic, to fill the common room, eager for ale, food, rest, and company, all of which were perhaps a draw stronger than any spell after a long day of tedium and toil.  The boys bought a mug of some strong beverage though neither could stomach the stuff, but they felt required to patronize their host for the evening, if only in this small way.  They watched for half an hour as the benches and tables filled with a mix of local farmers and tradesmen with a smattering of travelers such as themselves, though most of these seemed much less eager and far more world weary than the mystified youths.  There seemed to be one exception however: a plainly dressed man of indeterminate age but with the buoyancy of youth about him, asked if he might join the neophyte adventurers.  They nodded eagerly, thinking that here was the requisite mentor sent to guide them down the path to adventure.  He asked after their travels and destination, their hopes and aspirations, and from whence they had come.  The boys talked eagerly, nearly trampling each other verbally in their excitement.  The man smiled in knowing amusement to hear they had no set destination, only itchy feet and the enthusiasm and hopes of youth.  
“I know a Road you could take lads, if you have the desire and the heart,” said he.  
Matt caught the emphasis on the word Road and said suspiciously, “not the Road out of legend and ancient story I hope!”  
The man laughed, “I see you have heard of it.”  
Matt rolled his eyes, “my old granny tells such tales but if I have not the patience to hear her out, I am afraid I shall utterly fail with you.  Kyan here will gladly listen though.  He loves all old myths!  Pray excuse me.”  
Kyan shook his head in amusement and exchanged an intrigued look with the unnamed man, as they watched Matt leave the table and approach a stunning young woman he had been eyeing not so surreptitiously for the last five minutes.  Her emerald eyes sparkled in delight as she spoke with the overeager youth, who seemed mesmerized by her mere presence.  
The stranger smiled wistfully, “ah, the eagerness of youth.  He hardly knows the girl but he is already entranced by whatever strange spell women cast upon us unawares.”  
He turned his eyes back to Kyan, who asked in ill-suppressed excitement, “you have heard of the Road?”  
The man’s eyes sparkled in remembrance, “that I have lad, that I have.  The stories are true!”  
Kyan sighed heavily and eyed his friend in regret, “I had hoped they were, for it was my dearest wish to seek out that Way but alas Matt will not be gainsaid.  He thinks it all folly and old wives’ tales.  We have set out together and I will not abandon him, even for such an enticement.  Perhaps someday when our paths bifurcate, then I shall be free to chase such dreams.”  
The man smiled, deeply touched by the boy’s faithfulness, and said as he stood, “I admire your dedication lad and one day hope you do have the chance to take that path.  Farewell!”  
As the man vacated the inn, Matt brought his new acquaintance over to meet Kyan, saying, “this is Neeva and she wants to come with us on our adventures.”  
Kyan frowned, “you want to bring a girl along?  I thought this was going to be our adventure.  Besides, you hardly know her!”  
Neeva crossed her arms and frowned at Kyan, “I am a far better companion than you will ever be, even if I am a girl!  Besides, I thought Matt was in charge of this excursion?  We can leave you behind if that is how you feel.”  
Kyan reddened and said in apology, “forgive my rudeness.  I was just a little shocked at such a sudden change in plans.  You may certainly come if Matt wishes it.”  
Matt said in a hypnotized voice, “I very much wish it.”  
Neeva said haughtily, “I will gladly go with you Matt, but I do not think this boor you call a friend should be allowed to accompany us.  We have far more important errands than he could ever understand or appreciate.”  
Matt seemed to snap out of his reverie for a moment and said in surprise, “but Kyan and I have been friends since we were little boys!  I will not leave him behind.”  
Kyan smiled encouragingly at his friend, “it is alright Matt, I do not mind if she comes.”  
Neeva growled under her breath, “but I mind if he does.”  
Matt did not hear what the lady said but Kyan did not miss a word.  He wondered how such a proud and haughty creature could entrance his friend so easily; she was pretty, but there was something about her that Kyan simply did not trust.  The hour was growing late and Matt yawned, “we had best go find a place to camp for the night.  I hope you do not mind sleeping rough, Neeva?”  
A smile, that looked more a grimace of pain, graced her lips as she said, “I would be delighted, if only for your company Matt.”  He grinned like a fool and led the way out into the night.  A raven perched atop the inn, watched the two boys eagerly before he flapped off into the darkness with a raucous, laughing caw.
Neeva watched the bird with some trepidation then looked to Matt, who seemed lost in a fog of happy delirium.  She smiled wickedly to herself and then looked to the suspicious Kyan, who walked beside her, as she said, “if you value your life, I would leave tonight.  Take that fool’s advice and follow your little Road.  Leave us to ourselves or you will regret it.”  
Kyan drew himself up and said quietly, though Matt was oblivious to all but his dreams, “I will not abandon my friend, especially to the likes of you.”  
Her smile deepened and Kyan felt chill fingers run down his spine.  They found a quiet little dell in which to shelter for the night and Matt was soon asleep, enjoying quite pleasant dreams.  Neeva rose from her place and caught the gleam of moonlight sparkling on Kyan’s eyes as he watched her.  She motioned for him to follow; he rose silently and ghosted after her.  Once well out of earshot of the slumbering Matt, Neeva turned on Kyan and said, “what gives you the right to interfere in my business, mortal?”  
Kyan was a little taken aback by her fury, but stood his ground, “I have been his dearest friend for sixteen years.  I will not abandon him to the mercies of an insolent stranger!”  
She laughed scornfully, “you will only get in his way.  Hinder his destiny.  Destroy his hopes.  That I cannot allow.  You have been warned, but alas you will not listen.”  
Kyan took a step back at the malice burning in her eyes and gasped, “what influence can you have over him when you have known him for so little time?”  
She laughed darkly, “that you shall never know, save that blood is thicker than friendship.  Farewell.”
Kyan took another step back as her eyes began to glow with a wicked green flame, but she moved with a speed and strength unknown to mortal men.  The stranger from the inn watched unseen from the surrounding trees and said quietly to a silent magpie perched beside him, “must it be so?”  
The bird shook his head sadly, “they have made their choices.”  
The man sighed, “I had hoped to recruit him for your service, Sire.”  
The bird shook his head, “he has not attempted the Road.”  
The man smiled as memory stirred, “but he has not failed in dedication and sacrifice.  He forsook that which he desired most to stand by his friend and it will cost him his life.”  
The magpie squawked a laugh, “very well captain, you may ask but he may yet refuse.”  
The man bowed deeply and they both vanished from the scene.  Neeva’s grasp tightened around the boy’s neck, there came a terrible crack, she tossed aside the limp form, and walked back to where Matt slept on unawares.  
The raven watched from the shadows and eyed the dead boy with interest, saying to himself, “so it is the other.  Excellent!”  He laughed once more and winged off into the darkness.

Kyan felt the woman’s grasp tighten around his neck, felt a terrible pain as she snapped his spine like kindling, and then tumbled into darkness.  He awoke less than a moment later, standing upon a dreary plain of rolling hills covered in grey dust and dull stone.  Equally drab clouds hung low overhead and a bitter wind gusted out of the north.  It was a dreadful country in which he found himself, not at all what he had expected after death.  He sighed, he had not expected to die so young either.  
With heavy feet he began to walk, and it seemed for a century he did nothing but walk in that drear and unchanging land.  Suddenly, before him gaped a great fissure in the earth, which seemed eager to draw him in.  He turned to run but it inexorably drew him closer into its gaping maw.  Out of it seeped terror, despair, sorrow, grief, and horror enough to still a beating heart and into its utter Nothing it called him.  But upon the brink of that rent he stopped; upon the very edge he balanced precariously.  
He looked up and saw such light and wonder that he felt a small, dirty, wretched thing and wished the dark would consume him utterly, if only to hide him from that glorious radiance.  All his wretched life played before his eyes, all his sins and failings.  He quivered in unmitigated terror, knowing the dark was his true and deserved home.  But suddenly it was gone, all of it, and that awful light consumed him utterly.  He was awash in an ocean of joy and love and peace; now he quivered in adoration rather than dread, though there was still an undercurrent of awe and fear as he knelt before that wondrous Presence.  He felt his gaze drawn upwards and looked into fathomless eyes filled with tears of joy and sorrow.  
An unforgettable voice whispered in his ear, “welcome home child.”  And then he was alone.
Kyan stood shakily and stared about him in wonder.  Gone were the dreadful hills and the gaping pit.  In their place flowed a river whose waters were Light and Life and the whole country made a tropical forest look a parched and desert land.  Such colors and verdant life, mortal mind has never dreamed nor glimpsed since he was cast out of Paradise.  But what truly drew the boy’s attention was the great range of mountains out of which the River flowed.  His heart yearned above all things to scale those peaks and seek the Brightlands beyond; to seek again that Light and Voice that had so utterly suffused him.  
“You can Go at any time,” came a familiar voice, though it seemed millennia had passed since last he had spoken with the man from the inn, “but not quite yet I hope?”  
Kyan turned in surprise to see the same man, but as changed as the hills about him.  He was clad all in white and silver and seemed to glow with an inner light.  His eyes held wisdom and youth, humor and truth.  The stranger smiled and said, “you did not think we would meet again so soon, especially in such circumstances.  I have the Master’s leave to beg your aid but you may cross the Mountains if you wish, but once so crossed you may not return again until the King rides forth at the End of Days.”  
Kyan still felt himself a small, dirty boy and wondered what help he could be to such a man as this.  He glanced at his feet in nervous hesitation and jumped to find himself as changed as the man before him.  He smiled ruefully and said in eagerness, “what would you have of me, sir?”  
The man laughed and said, “I am called Garren, and I am the captain of the King’s Messengers.  I would have you enter our service, if you are willing?”
Kyan gasped, “but I have not taken the Road.  I have not proven myself!”  
Garren nodded, “the Master Himself has given me leave to ask.  He is satisfied, and that is all that matters.”  
Kyan grinned from ear to ear and went to one knee, “then I would be honored, Sir.”  
Garren shook his head in amusement, “nay lad, we have but one Master and to Him alone shall we bend knee.”  
Kyan rose abruptly from his genuflection, as Garren continued, “we had best get you equipped for battle.”  
With that, he pushed the boy into the River.  Kyan felt Life itself wash over him and crawled from the River reluctantly, but was quite astonished to find himself completely dry, clad in silver armor, and girt with a sword.  Garren was looking about in perplexity when suddenly a great winged stallion appeared before them, as if out of thin air.  The Pegassi shook his head in dismay, “he has Refused!”  
“Refused?” came Garren’s stunned reply.  
The magnificent horse sighed, “it is ever our choice, but never has anyone said no!”  
Garren turned to Kyan, “it appears your appointed companion has refused his Call and has thus been banished into mortal lands.  We will have to give you a lift, until we can straighten this little matter out.  Mount up!”
Kyan’s eyes were wide as he flung himself upon the broad back behind Garren; with one sweep of the Pegassi’s great wings, the world spun and they were suddenly high atop the Great Northern Mountains and the maw of an enormous cave gaped before them.  Kyan dismounted and Garren said, “you know what you need to do.”  
Kyan smiled, saluted, and made his way towards the cave mouth.  The Pegassi reared and vanished as suddenly as he had come.  A shadow stirred within the entrance of the cave and a sinister voice growled, “this is no place for a man, be gone.”  Kyan ignored the warning and made to go further inside, but a small dragon raised himself out of the shadows and barred his way, snarling, “you shall go no further.”  
Kyan sighed, shook his head, and tried to go around the beast, saying, “I have pressing business with your Mistress.”  
The creature intercepted him again, but Kyan refused to be gainsaid and bounced right off of the brute’s scaly belly.  The boy shook his head and picked himself up as the dragon hissed a laugh, “nice try, mortal!”  
“You are still thinking as one bound by time and space,” came the beloved and reassuring Voice, “quit thinking that such constrains you and it won’t.”  A flash of white feathers vanishing deeper into the cave was all that he saw of the magpie that was also Master of All.  
Kyan smiled ruefully, concentrated, and walked straight through the laughing monster before him.  The thing gaped in astonishment but growled, “you have been warned, wretch!”  Kyan smiled and made his way deeper into the gloom until he found the busy little imp that served as Her Ladyship’s secretary.  The creature glanced up from his papers, made some perfunctory remarks about Her Ladyship’s busy schedule, and returned to his work.

“Your murder?” sneered Her Ladyship, “What is that to me?  The affairs of men are so far beneath our notice that I care not.  Neither do I fear your Master’s wrath.”  She chuckled, “do as you feel you must but leave me in peace.”  
Kyan said quietly, “it shall be as you say.”  He bowed himself from her presence and again walked straight through the doors.  The little secretary was astonished to see the impudent fellow emerge unscathed from Her Ladyship’s presence and gaped in stunned silence as the man passed him by.  Suddenly there came the clatter of hooves and the flutter of wings upon the stone floor as a Pegassi stood glowing like the sun in the center of the room.  
The imp sighed, “Messengers!” as Kyan climbed up behind Garren and vanished in like manner.  The secretary shook his head in consternation and returned to his papers, hoping Her Ladyship would not take this little incident amiss and roast him alive once she finished her nap.  He shivered and tried to concentrate on his work.

As the world spun, Garren said knowingly, “since she refuses to discipline her agent it falls to our Master to do so.  She refuses to submit to the Master’s authority but that does not mean she can ignore His laws or those of her own folk.  We shall go directly to the heart of the matter.”  Kyan shivered to meet again that vile woman in the dark.  Garren laughed, “fear not lad, she no longer has any power over you.”  Kyan smiled to know it true.  
The world resolved itself into a night dark wood with the moon looking indifferently down upon the crumpled form of a boy with his neck bent at an impossible angle.  The retreating form of a woman could be seen making her way back to her blankets.  Kyan glimpsed a dark avian shape winging its way deeper into the night and felt a great desire to reach for his sword.  Garren placed a calming hand on the boy’s own, saying, “not yet, we must deal with a murderess first.”  Kyan nodded and followed the captain after the retreating Neeva.  
They followed swiftly and silently; Garren placed a restraining hand upon her shoulder.  She turned like a spooked cat and snarled in a shrill voice, “you shall die for your temerity.”  Although wan in the moonlight, her skin paled even further to see who her attackers were.
She stuttered at Kyan, “you are dead, boy.”  
He nodded and said, “and you are about to stand trial for my murder.”  Her eyes rolled up into her head as she fainted dead away.  
The Pegassi approached, shaking his head, “whoever thought it would be so easy to capture a dragon?”  
Garren smiled, “I think the shock had far more to do with it than any strength or talent of ours.”  
They mounted once more, Kyan held the limp woman tightly before him as the Pegassi reared and vanished.  The stunning beauty of Paradise resolved itself around them and they found themselves at the base of a great mountain, in whose side stood gaping a doorway of ornately carved stone and from with shone a brilliant light.  The Messengers dismounted and the Pegassi vanished in a flutter of his great wings, leaving the two to escort their prisoner into the great hall.  A pair of elven guards saluted as they walked past, with the slumped form of Neeva between them.  Garren gave them a familiar nod and Kyan grinned nervously.  
Garren asked with a smile, “anything amiss lad?”  
Kyan smiled in wonder, “I am just a bit overwhelmed by it all!  I have only ever heard of such creatures in legend and now I see them all about me!”  
Garren laughed, “not surprising when you are now a part of legend too.  Trust our Master and there is nothing you need fear.  Come, she is waking.”  
They had entered the foyer of the great hall, whose very walls glittered as with trapped moonlight; the floor beneath them was made of sapphire hued marble with rich veins of gold and silver running through it, giving the room an almost submarine feel.  A young elf maiden bowed to the pair; the reviving Neeva glowered at her and her captors.  Said the girl, “I shall escort the prisoner into court and you may follow.”  The men returned the bow and handed over their captive.  Neeva struggled against the transfer but found herself weak as a kitten and as unable to fight against her escorts.  The girl said sadly, “you have no power here, unless it is granted you from Above.  It will go better for you if you do not resist.”  
Snarled Neeva, “I defy your authority over me.”  
The girl and Garren shook their heads, as if it was pure foolishness, while Kyan stared in wonder.  Finally Neeva sighed and allowed herself to be escorted into the inner chamber where the proceedings would be held.  The two Messengers followed quietly behind and took up a position on either side of the door.  Neeva was seated in a chair facing a great bench at which sat a very ancient and regal elf.  The young elf maid stood quietly behind Neeva’s chair.  The doors closed of their own accord and the ancient elf began, “Neeva, you are hereby accused of interfering too deeply in the affairs of an as yet unquickened dragon and worse, in the murder of an innocent boy.  How plead you?”  
She snarled at the venerable elf, “my Mistress will not stand for this!  You cannot abuse me so!  I was only doing what I thought best!”  
The elf shook his head and continued, “you have violated not only the Laws of the Master but also the Laws of your own people.  As for your Mistress, she has been apprised of the situation and has declined to see justice done, thus leaving it to me.”  
Neeva panted, “is there to be no evidence, defense, or jury?”  
The man gave her a strange look, “there is only Truth here child, Truth and true Justice.  Will you accept responsibility for your actions?”
She shrieked horrendously, “I will not admit any fault!  I have only acted in the best interests of my people!  You cannot legally deny me access to the boy!”  
He shook his head sadly, “in that you speak truly.  You shall be returned to your post once justice has been satisfied.  You still feel no remorse for the life you have taken?”  
She glared at Kyan and snarled, “he seems lively enough to me.”  
The ancient head shook sadly, “fool, do you not realize that all souls are made to endure forever, not just your own proud race that assumes immortality to be theirs alone?  As you have taken his life, so too shall that which you value most be taken from you, and thus shall your inordinate influence over the boy also cease.”  
He motioned for the two Messengers to come forward and take the captive, who had again fainted with a pathetic little whimper.  They bowed before the ancient judge, took up the prone woman, and retreated outside, where the Pegassi stood waiting.  Said the Pegassi, “what happened to her?”  
Kyan asked in confusion, “what does she or Matt have to do with dragons?”  
Garren smiled sadly, “dragons can take human form whenever they wish and this poor wretch was one of their calling.  Your friend, as all youngsters of that race, begins life in human form and one day will find himself a full fledged member of the species.”  
Kyan gaped, “Matt is a dragon?”  
Garren smiled, “that is why she was so intent on following after him; she hoped to turn his heart towards the feral dragons of the North.  She was afraid you would turn his heart towards the Master and the East.  There are also sinister forces that hope to enslave him to the Dark Prince and the West.”  
Kyan asked, “what exactly is her sentence?”  
Garren shook his head, “she despises humans and has become such herself for her crimes.”  
Kyan shivered, “I do not know if I want to be around when she wakes up.”  
Garren smiled, “that is exactly what you will be doing until your friend is safely in his draconian form.”
Kyan gaped, “I am to protect him from her?”  
They lifted the prone woman aback the Pegassi as Garren answered, “since she is no longer a female of the species, her influence over your friend will wane greatly, that is why he was nearly intoxicated with her previously.  Your most important duty however, will be to ward your unsuspecting friend from more nefarious foes.”  
Kyan nodded as the night dark forest surrounded them again.  Neeva stirred as they lowered her to the ground.  Kyan sensed something moving in the dark about them as moonlight flashed on steel.  He leapt atop the woman and cried out in pain, as something sharp pierced his side; he lay still while Neeva shrieked in horror and rage.  Somewhere in the dark, a raucous laugh echoed, but was cut short as Garren drew his sword and slashed at the shadowy source of the voice, which suddenly became a shrill cry of anguish and rage before silence ensued.  Garren put up his sword and turned over the unmoving boy, freeing the flailing Neeva, who stood and began to berate the unheeding Messenger in the vilest of language.  
The Pegassi stared at the boy in wonder, “he is bleeding!”  
Garren shook his head in wonder, “she kills the boy and yet he protects her!”  
Neeva stopped in mid-tirade and asked in confusion, “what are you mumbling about?  That wretch has done nothing but cause me trouble and unendurable pain this night!”  
Garren stared at her in disbelief, “have you any idea what that was?”  
She shrugged, “a Hunter I presume, but they are no threat to me, or would not have been were I still a dragon!”  
Garren said grimly, “he did not know that.  He assumes you are still of a draconian lineage not a mere mortal, which he can easily overcome.  His weapon of choice therefore was the Arrow of Discord, though in this case it happened to be a dagger.”  She stared at him, uncomprehending.  Garren continued, “it is the vilest of the Enemy’s weapons but thankfully there is ever only one of them.  It casts mortals immediately into eternity and pulls those beyond time back into the temporal sphere.”  She gaped.  Garren nodded, “had it struck you, you would have died instantly, which in your current frame of mind means you would have been cast into the Rift!”  
She groused, “perhaps a fate preferable to spending my life as a mere mortal!”  
Garren crossed his arms, “have you any idea what this has done to the boy?”  
She growled, “do I care?”  
Garren said quietly, “he is mortal again.”  
She smiled wickedly, “then I am no longer guilty of murder and should get my wings back!”  
Garren shook his head, “do not be ridiculous.  He no longer has a place among mortal men, save those errands upon which the Master sends him; he is still a Messenger, yet is now bound by time and all the tediums, sorrows, and rules that govern it.”  
She hissed bitterly, “well, now he will know how I feel.”  
Kyan roused from his stupor and blinked in surprise and pain.  The moon had set and the clearing was dark, save for the faint glow of the Pegassi.  His eyes had had no trouble seeing in the pitch dark previously, but now he was as blind as any man on a moonless night.  He felt his wound and gasped as his hand came away wet with blood.  He turned questioning eyes upon Garren.  The woman laughed in derision.
Garren helped Kyan to his feet and said, “your mission is still to ward your friend, though now you must do so in a mortal state.  You will return to your proper form once death takes you.  Watch also for the one who has Refused; you may yet play a part in his redemption.  Farewell.”  The captain and the Pegassi vanished in a flutter of wings as Neeva exchanged a wondering look with Kyan.  
He sighed and said, “it has been a strange night.”  
She shook her head and said, “at last, something upon which we can agree.”  
He clutched at his side and limped wearily back to the camp, overcome with weakness and exhaustion.  She trailed behind and watched him collapse into his blankets.  A flutter of feathers in the dark behind drew her attention as a deep voice said, “it was you I was aiming for.”  
She smiled vilely, “I am little threat to you now.”  
He hissed, “that is true, an interesting form of justice that.  Perhaps my master can rectify things, for the right price?”  
Her ears perked up but she said, “I will not give you the youngling; I will not betray my people.  You can have the other.”  
He laughed, “a wing clipped Messenger is worthless to me.  I want the youngling.”  
She nodded thoughtfully, “how about a fallen Pegassi?”  
The voice hissed in interest, “perhaps that would suffice.  What do you know?”  
She smiled darkly, “the boy is afoot and his companion warned him to watch for one that refused.  I take it his appointed Pegassi defied their Master and now roams the mortal sphere; I also think the boy will run across him.  I will give you the creature if you can return me to my proper form.”  
The voice said thoughtfully, “not quite a dragon but quite intriguing in its own right.  Bring me the creature and we shall talk.”  
“It shall be done,” said she, as the raven fluttered into the darkness.

Morning found Matt quite restored though much less intrigued by his ladylove and quite appalled at the sight of Kyan.  It took several attempts before the exhausted Kyan could be roused, and when he saw the look of astonished horror on his friend’s face, he wished to pass again into the oblivion of sleep.  “What happened to you?” gasped Matt.  He frowned and then stared hard at his friend, “and where did you get a sword?”  
Kyan looked down and smiled to see that he was still wearing the weapon, though he found himself as plainly clad as Garren, when first they met at the inn.  Kyan put a hand to his throbbing head, shook it, and said, “it has been a strange night.  Can you get me some water?”  
The confused Matt nodded and went in search of the waterskin and some clean rags.  Kyan peeled off his tunic and inspected the wound.  There was a shallow gash across his flank about a hand’s breadth in length.  With Matt’s help, the incision was soon cleansed and bandaged; Kyan was able to stand without too much discomfort.  He put on a clean tunic as Matt said, “you have still not told me what happened?”  
Kyan shook his head, “after you went to sleep, Neeva wanted to discuss things further.  Some lunatic tried to attack her in the dark and I stepped between them.”  Matt’s eyes suddenly held deep concern but he relaxed to see Neeva sleeping soundly beside a great oak.
Matt shivered and said, “what happened then?”  
Kyan shook his head, “I blacked out.  What came of the villain, I do not know.”  
Matt asked, “what about the sword?”  
Kyan grinned sheepishly, “the stranger from the inn thought I might need it.”  
Matt nodded in consternation, not really remembering much after meeting Neeva.  Kyan could have walked out of the inn with a gorilla on his arm and Matt would not have noticed.  
Neeva suddenly yawned, stretched, and stared hungrily at Matt, “are you still so eager to take this fool along on our adventure?”  
Matt shivered as her nearly black eyes met his gaze, not liking the sound of ownership in her voice.  What had he seen in her the previous night?  Whatever it was, it seemed the spell was broken.  He said meekly, “er Neeva…it might be best if we went our own way and you went yours?”  
She smiled darkly, “do not be ridiculous, I will be coming with you whether you like it or not.  Now come, let us pack and be on our way north.”  
Kyan jumped in, “I thought we had better head east.”  
She glared at him as Matt said, “when did we decide on a destination?”  
Kyan said, “the wilds to the north are full of elves, dragons, and all sorts of other fairyfolk who have little love for mortal men!”  
Neeva sneered, “the east is nothing but a barren wasteland and is held sacred by those who love old myths.”  
Matt shivered, “I would rather deal with things I can see and hear than the ghosts out of your old tales Kyan.  We shall go north.”  Kyan sighed but could not gainsay his friend.  They broke camp and began the weary march north, greatly missing the excitement of their naiveté they had felt only the previous day, it seemed their boyish innocence had vanished with the night.
“Wait!” burst out a nervous female voice, as a figure flung herself into their path only a moment after they had left their campsite.  The hood of her cloak fell back to reveal a stunning creature with shining blue eyes, hair like sunshine, and slightly tapered ears, which caused a gasp to escape the astonished Matt.  Kyan smiled in curious amusement to see the elf maid thrust herself so suddenly into their midst.  Neeva wore a condescending smile.  “Do not go north!” said Eden, blocking their path, “there is nothing but pride and cruelty in that direction and certain death for men.”  
Kyan asked gently, “who are you, lady?  What is an elf maid doing this far from her homeland?”  
She eyed the youth curiously and liked what she saw.  She blushed slightly, looked at her feet like a nervous girl, and said, “I am the daughter of a great lord of the elves.  I have run away from home and am seeking fabled Paradise.”  
Neeva gaped, “why would you leave your people to look for a myth?”  
The girl drew herself up and said defensively, “have you any idea what my people are like?  My father’s men captured a poor, lost traveler and put him to death in a most cruel fashion simply because he was human!  I begged them to be merciful but they scorned me and told me to mind my own business.  I could stand it no longer thus I left.  You cannot go that way!”  
Matt sighed, “then where are we to go?  West perhaps?”  Kyan, Eden, and Neeva all objected quite boldly to that suggestion.  Matt groused, “south will only take us home!”  
“Why not east?” asked the girl sweetly.
Neeva glowered, “you have no part in this.”  
Eden laughed like joy itself, “I have as much of a say as you.”  
Neeva scowled, “you are not daring to impose yourself upon us are you?”  
Kyan smiled, “she has as much right to join us as you do.  I vote for we go east.”  Eden seconded his vote.  Neeva persisted on going north.  
Matt sighed, “how about northeast?”  
It seemed the most sensible direction, so again the weird little party set off.  Neeva tried to wheedle her way back into Matt’s heart and good graces while Kyan walked beside Eden, talking quietly with her.  She blushed, laughed, and chattered gaily at Kyan’s gentle attentions.  At first Kyan thought to stay close to Matt, to protect him from Neeva’s influence, but he soon discovered that she was doing a fabulous job talking herself out of his good graces.  This left only Eden to keep company with, for Neeva blatantly ignored her, having little use for immortals who forsook their people.  
Neeva was quite irked that both of the boys had taken an instant liking to the insolent little creature.  Neither did she like Kyan, for she tried desperately to annoy and insult him whenever she found the chance.  Matt had very little time alone with Kyan, for Neeva was ever at his side; he began to greatly rue asking her along and wondered what he had ever seen in her.  Eden disliked Neeva from the start, could not get close to Matt, and was very grateful for Kyan’s company, for it was the first pleasant conversation she had had in months.
They walked on for three days, little changing their routine.  Kyan ever watched for enemies but nothing threatened from outside the party.  He wondered at this, for he was certain he had seen a Hunter that first night and they were not known for abandoning their prey once they had the scent.  Neeva also was wary, knowing that the Hunter might prove treacherous but also hopeful that he might be the answer to her current dilemma.  Matt was lost deep in thought most of the time, wishing desperately to speak with Kyan about his growing unease but never so allowed; Neeva he quickly learned to ignore.  Eden was a ray of sunshine in the little party but only Kyan felt the warmth and joy she brought with her.  
Finally on the third day, they entered a sizable market town and all eagerly agreed to spend the following day exploring, if only to forget for a time, the strange and uneasy atmosphere that was their traveling party.  Only Eden was oblivious to the tension, glad to finally have agreeable companions, and since they were headed in roughly the right direction, she thought to accompany them as long as possible.  She was especially enjoying Kyan’s company and thought she would dearly like Matt, if ever Neeva gave her the chance of knowing him.  They slept that night in the surrounding woods and then broke up into their usual pairs to enjoy the amenities and sights of the town for the day.  Matt wished with all his heart that it was just himself and Kyan but Neeva would not be gainsaid.  He sighed and bid his companions farewell as he and Neeva vanished into the bustling crowds of market day.  Kyan exchanged a sad smile with Eden as he offered her his arm; they set off towards the livestock market, for Kyan felt a desperate urge to visit that particular part of the festivities.
Eden asked as they pressed through the crowds, “what is going on with Neeva and Matt?  Is this some sort of human courting ritual?”  
Kyan laughed, “no, it is nothing of the sort.  Poor Matt felt himself entranced by the girl and invited her along; now she will not leave him alone and he is stuck with her.”  
Eden asked hopefully, “have you a particular lady of your own?”  
Kyan stopped suddenly and turned towards the poor girl with horrified eyes, “Eden, you are not thinking about anything of the sort I hope?” 
 She blushed crimson and said, “how could I not?  You have been ever so kind and thoughtful!”  
Kyan said quietly, “but you are an elf.”  
She laughed, “what has that to do with anything?  Perhaps my father would forbid it but the Laws of the Master do not.  I will do as I please.”  
Kyan shook his head, “but I cannot enter into such a union.”  
She pouted charmingly, “because I am an elf?”  
He shook his head and said, “with anyone, regardless of their race.  My current occupation forbids it.”  
She brightened to know it was not just herself but asked hopefully, “and when will you be loosed?”  
He smiled wistfully, “never shall I wed.”  
She smiled, “I will wait; you mortals are such hasty creatures and one day your vows will be at an end.”  He could only shake his head and dive back into the whelming flood of humanity.  Finally they came to the horse market and spent some time wandering about, looking at the various creatures offered for sale.  Eden asked, “are you looking to buy a horse?”  
Kyan smiled, “I am not sure what I am looking for.”  He froze then and his smile deepened, “but I do now.”
He approached a weedy fellow with what at first he took to be a beard but which was actually a long unwashed face.  The man looked over the boy curiously but quickly dismissed him as the penniless scamp he appeared.  Kyan persisted and finally the irritated man snapped, “what, kid?”  
Kyan said respectfully, “I would like to buy a horse.”  
The man sneered, “would you now?  The question is, can you?”  
Kyan asked, “how much for that one?”  
The man followed his gaze and laughed vilely, “you are an idiot!  No man has been able to sit on that brute’s back and lived to tell about it.  Do you have a death wish?”  
Kyan shook his head, “no, but I think it is the only creature I can afford, since I am sure you are quite eager to have it off your hands.”  
The man smiled in amusement at the boy’s insight, “you aren’t as dull-witted as you look.  I’ll tell you what.  If you can manage to untie the beast without getting yourself killed you can have him.  But it is your funeral.”  They shook hands and Kyan made his way towards the animal.  
Eden whispered as he leapt the fence, “are you mad?”  
Kyan gave her a rakish grin as he vanished into the sturdy enclosure.  She watched in fascination as he walked slowly towards a towering horse, brutally tied to a heavy post in the middle of the pen.  His eyes rolled wickedly and he snorted fiercely, though Kyan paid him no heed.  Kyan began murmuring in an unknown tongue, suddenly the horse’s ears went straight up in the air, interrupting his violent warnings.  
In the rogue Pegassi’s own tongue, Kyan said, “I will loose you and accompany you out of town, after that you may go where you will.  You must also know that you may yet seek your Master’s forgiveness and thus redemption, as may all such fallen creatures.”  
The erstwhile Pegassi growled, “what do you get out of this?  How are you so sure I won’t kill you for your efforts?”  
The boy shrugged, “I get the satisfaction of helping a fellow creature in need.  If you kill your rescuer then you are far more of a rebel than I had feared.”  
The horse snarled, “how do you know all this?”  
Kyan grinned mysteriously and said, “you had better start believing in miracles!”  
The horse sighed heavily and said, “loose me then and do as you have said.  Any treachery and you will regret it.”  
Kyan nodded and soon had the horse set free.  He followed meekly as the boy led him from the enclosure; Eden was nearly glowing with pride.  The weedy fellow gaped, “how did you do that kid?  I’ll pay you good money if you are that proficient a horse trainer!”  
Kyan laughed, smiled, and said farewell.  The Pegassi snorted, “horse trainer indeed!”  
Eden asked in excited curiosity, “what language was that?  I almost thought I could recognize it.”  
The horse looked closely at the girl, and said in surprise in the tongue of men, “that is because your people spoke it once, long ago before their own exile from Paradise.”  
He glared at the boy, “how come you to know it?”
Kyan grinned, “that even I do not know.”  
Eden smiled, “are you coming with us?”  
Erian looked at her in surprise, “perhaps for a time.  An unattended horse is only asking to be captured.  Where are you heading and who is we?”  
Kyan replied, “we are angling northeast.  There is another boy and a young woman in our party.  Whether you reveal yourself to them is up to you.”  
The horse said thoughtfully, “I would like to go north and perhaps find my place amongst the Fairyfolk.”  
The elf maiden shook her head, “that is a foolish idea!  You will find no welcome there.  You are none of their folk and thus of no account to them.  Why else do you think I have fled my home?”  
Erian shook his head, “I do not relish going east.”  
Kyan said, “you would rather live out your life and end in the Rift?”  
The horse’s eyes grew wary as he said, “I had not considered that.  You say lady, that your own folk suffer terribly with pride?”  She nodded vigorously and Erian sighed, “so too it seems do I.  I must consider your words boy, but this does not mean I shall stoop to carrying any mortal man!”  
Kyan smiled, “that is ever your own choice.”  They had reached the edge of town and waited the coming of their companions.
While they waited, Kyan told Erian of their adventures so far, leaving out most of his own odd tale.  Erian cocked his head, “this is certainly a strange party but then I am no normal creature myself.  I will reveal myself to your friends, if only to spare myself the trouble of carrying someone to maintain appearances.”  He sighed, “I really do wish we were not heading East.”  
“Did that horse just speak?” came Matt’s stunned voice from behind them.  
All three turned to face the returning members of the party.  Matt was amazed but Neeva wore an eager smile as she surreptitiously hid her day’s purchase amongst her scant luggage.  Kyan laughed, “yes Matt, you are not hallucinating.  This is Erian and he wishes to come with us.”  
Matt shook his head, “first elves and now talking horses!  What next?  I really hope we do not encounter every single creature out of those legends of yours Kyan.  I really have no wish to meet a dragon.”  
Kyan could not help but laugh as Neeva glowered.  Once he gained control of himself, Kyan asked, “if that much of the legends are true, will you not consider the rest?”  
Matt rolled his eyes, “I have told you a hundred times over the years that I have no use for your old stories.  I am a man of sense and reason.  I do not need myths!”  
Erian shook his head, “there is more truth in the legends than I would like to admit.  Perhaps your friend is not such a fool.”  He said quietly, as if to himself, “perhaps I am the bigger fool.  The boy is willfully ignorant, I who knew better forsook everything in pride!”  
Neeva broke in, “whatever your past Erian, I welcome another learned creature into this company of fools and madmen!  I look forward to knowing you better.”  
Erian pinned his ears back and said, “madam, I fear that may not be as delightful to myself as you might hope.”  There was something he did not like about the insolent girl, perhaps it was the pride he felt mirrored in her own character.
It was early afternoon and the party felt it best to move on, not liking to linger long in one place.  Neeva now focused her attention on Erian, in hopes of gaining his trust, that she might further her own plans, while Eden walked quietly on his other side, leaving Matt at last alone to talk with Kyan.  
Kyan asked as they marched along, “what was that Neeva bought in town?”  
Matt shrugged, “she bought a rope of some sort.  I guess she thinks it is the one piece of equipment we lack.”  Kyan frowned thoughtfully but did not voice his concerns.  Matt changed the subject, “this adventure gets stranger by the hour.  I am almost ready to admit that it cannot be happenstance.  How else did we acquire such unique companions so quickly?”  
Kyan grinned, “how indeed?  Can you not yet admit that there are more things in life than are comprehensible to mortal men?”  
Matt smiled, “that I must admit is true but it will take a more eloquent tongue than yours or my old granny’s to convince me.”  His smile slipped, “I feel driven somehow, driven to find my place in the world, but I feel as if I am lost and floundering in an unfathomable sea.  I feel I must soon make a choice but do not yet understand what those choices are.”  
Kyan nodded, “it is simply the choice every man must make: whether to serve himself, the Dark Prince, or the True King, though in the end the first and second are nearly the same.  For if you serve not the Master you serve the Enemy.”  
Matt frowned, “I almost miss Neeva’s conversation to this.  At least she spoke about my own glorious future.”  
Kyan grinned, “right beside her own?”  
A slight smile returned to Matt’s features as he said, “now that you mention it, yes.  I guess you are only trying to help explain what you see as Truth, whereas she is trying to guide me into thinking as she does.  I appreciate your sentiments, if I don’t fully agree with your counsel.”
As evening deepened, they found a quiet and hidden place to spend the night.  Neeva had only managed to annoy the Pegassi while Eden was intrigued by the untold history of the horse.  She had never met a talking horse before, neither could she place him in any stories she had ever heard told.  Matt was quiet with thought while Kyan watched the growing dark for signs of pursuit.  The sound of footsteps drew all eyes to the source: Kyan clutched at his sword, Matt fingered his staff, and Erian’s muscles tensed in anticipation of flight.  
Only Neeva and Kyan knew that they were likely to be followed by sinister forces, but the others innately felt that there was some unspoken danger in mingling with this strange company and thus were ever on edge.  The trespasser drew closer and suddenly revealed himself in the light of their small fire.  He blinked in surprise at the tense and fearful expressions all about him, but they relaxed into surprise and curiosity as they realized the intruder was a stooped old man with a limp and sparkling eyes that danced for joy in the firelight.  
Kyan laughed and with his outburst, the final tension broke, for here was no enemy but a fellow harmless wanderer lost in the wide world.  Kyan spoke, “come sir, sit by the fire, for the night is cold.  Tell us who you are and whence you have come and whither you are bound?”  
Neeva growled, “just what we need, another ragamuffin tagalong.”  
Kyan grinned, “were you not our first such?”  She scowled and tried to distract Matt from the newcomer with her own schemes but he was more than happy for an excuse to ignore her.  Erian remained silent and Eden pulled her hood tight about her, that her ears not betray her to this stranger though there was something she innately liked about the hunched old man.
Said the stranger, “I am Elias the Wanderer and have come to tell tales to all that care to listen.”  
Eden’s eyes sparkled in anticipation, Erian’s ears pricked up, Neeva rolled her eyes, and Matt sighed in resignation.  But there was no one in the little party who was not mesmerized that night by the voice of the old man.  He spoke in words akin to song and captured the hearts and minds of all there gathered.  All the old tales lived once more before their eyes as they felt themselves witnesses to the events themselves.  He told of the world’s birth in innocence and joy, of man’s rebellion and sundering from Paradise, of how the world was rent and sorrow and death were given rule over all the broken mortal sphere.  Tears of despair and horror quivered unshed in every eye as the man continued on and told how the story did not end in dread and terror, and death did not have the final say.  For beyond all reason and mortal comprehension, the Master himself stepped into time and suffered pain and death that men might know life once more.  
“And so,” finished the old man, “does He ever call men back to Himself that once more they may know life as it was meant to be.  We may seek Him or not, as is ever our choice, but if we are not His then we are only children of the dark.”  
Matt exchanged a grin with Kyan, “finally, I have heard words eloquent enough to almost convince me.”  
Kyan laughed, “perhaps one day you will truly find hope.”  
Neeva groused, “what use have any of us for those old legends?  This old fool simply wants to beg for a bed and supper.”  
Elias smiled, “nay lady, I provide my own often enough.  Rather I am here that you may find true life, which is of more value than any number of soft beds or grand feasts.  If you have no further questions, I will bother you no further.”  Kyan made to protest but the old man’s eyes twinkled as he said, “nay lad, I have imparted that which I must and though I would like to, I must not linger this night amongst you for reasons I do not know.  Farewell!”
Erian and Matt were silent with their own thoughts, Neeva sneered, Eden rejoiced to hear at last the tales forbidden by her people, and Kyan wondered what effect the man’s words might work in the hearts of his companions.  Kyan also wondered at the man’s words, that he could not remain the night with them, but he yawned and decided such idle thoughts would avail him nothing, as the night would reveal what it would in its own time.  They all crawled into their blankets and were soon asleep with visions inspired by the old man’s words dancing in their dreams, all save Neeva, who crept from the little dell when all were asleep about her.  
The night was pleasant but even more agreeable was the thought of gaining back her own.  She met the fell bird in the night and made the arrangements for the following day; he cawed in anticipation as she grinned wickedly into the night, returning to her blankets and the sweet dreams that waited therein.  Tomorrow would be a glorious day of revenge upon her enemies and great reward for herself.  Kyan stirred from an uneasy sleep and saw her creeping back into camp, wondering what she had been up to.  He reached for his sword and wondered if it were of any use against mortal treachery.

They were up early and upon their way soon thereafter.  All save Kyan seemed buoyant with joy after the previous night.  Neeva was anticipating the day’s events while Erian, Eden, and Matt talked eagerly of the tales they had heard.  It seemed even the skeptical Matt was starting to believe in more than he once thought possible.  Kyan was antsy, he knew Neeva was up to something but unsure what.  They stopped for a short rest at noon, for the heat was intense and a cool brook offered a tempting relief from their weary march.  Matt and Eden moved a little downstream to try catching a few trout for the noon meal while Erian found a patch of sweet grass a bit upstream.  
Kyan watched Neeva like a hawk, for she seemed very nearly bursting with anticipation.  She turned suddenly and berated him, “give me a little space, please!”  
Kyan said quietly, “what are you up to?”  
She smiled like a pleased cat, “who said I am up to anything?”  
He said dangerously, “I know you are plotting something.”  
She laughed and revealed a stone hidden in the palm of her hand, “perhaps you are right.”  
He reached for his sword, but she flung the stone with all her might, striking him in the head, and he fell senseless.  The others continued on with their pursuits, completely unaware.  She rifled through her baggage and found the rope she had purchased in the market town.  Erian lifted his head in surprise, pinned back his ears when he saw who it was that disturbed his meal, and snorted in alarm when he glimpsed the prone form of Kyan lying behind her.
She moved quickly, threw a loop of rope over the Pegassi’s head, and wrapped the other end twice around a sturdy tree.  Erian reared and pulled back, fighting the rope as she pulled against him, trying to draw him closer to the tree or choke him into submission.  Matt and Eden came rushing back, clutching a few fish in their hands, which they dropped in astonishment when they found Kyan lying senseless while Neeva struggled with the furious Pegassi.  Before they could cry out in alarm, a dozen skeletal Soldiers crept out of the woods about them as a great raven landed in their midst.  
The raven resolved itself into the form of a man the next moment and laughed harshly, “excellent, excellent!”  
Neeva cried triumphantly, “I have done as you asked, now restore to me that which was lost.”  
The Hunter laughed in derision, “nonsense, fool!  I will keep no such bargain.  Kill her and capture the others.”  
The Soldiers moved towards the trembling Matt and Eden while Neeva shrieked in dismay, “you cannot do this!”  
The Hunter sneered, “you were the fool who placed her trust in a servant of the King of Lies!  I will do as I please and there is naught you can do to stop me.”  
She dropped the rope and Erian managed to pull free, only to have four Soldiers to deal with.  As the Hunter mocked Neeva, she dashed to the prone Kyan and knelt beside him, shaking him, and pleading with him to waken.  He stirred and looked about in groggy confusion.  His eyes fell on the Hunter, instinct took over as he reached for his sword, rose, and charged his mortal foe.  In his triumph, the Hunter had forgotten the presence of the boy and was easily overcome by his sudden attack.  Kyan clove the creature in two and it fell to dust and ashes with a shriek of rage and despair.  
The Soldiers froze in mid-stride, standing still as fence posts with their leader destroyed.  Kyan stared about him for a moment, swayed, and then collapsed once more into darkness.  Neeva snarled, “do not just stand there, destroy them!”  She took up Kyan’s discarded sword and began lopping the heads off the senseless Soldiers, who fell to dust once struck.  Erian screamed in fury and easily kicked his former adversaries to bits.  A few strokes of Matt’s staff did the same with those confronting himself and Eden.  Their foes defeated, all save Neeva ran to Kyan’s side.  His breathing was erratic and no amount of coaxing, shaking, or cold water could rouse him.  Neeva snarled at them, “leave the fool!  Those creatures will soon return.  We need to go, now!”  
Erian frowned, “you made some foul pact with those creatures.  Why should we trust you?”  
Matt groused, “I will not leave Kyan!”  
Neeva sneered, “he is dying, you fool!  You can do nothing for him and he will only slow us down.”  
Eden said quietly, “what happened to him?”  
Erian laid his ears back, “she must have struck him and then tried to tie me to that tree.”  Even as he spoke, Matt removed the offending rope from the Pegassi’s neck.  
Neeva was desperate to leave but she could not abandon Matt or her mission, “we must leave, now!”  
Matt crossed his arms, “not until you explain what just happened and your part in it.”  
She scowled, “it was a Hunter and his Soldiers.  They are after the horse and perhaps the rest of you.  He said he would reward me richly if I helped him apprehend the horse, but he betrayed me.  Now let’s go!”  
Matt frowned, “what about Kyan?”  
She said harshly, “what about him?  He’ll be dead in a few hours, I must have hit him harder than I thought.  And I cannot say I regret doing it.”
Eden stared in amazement, “he saved our lives!  How did he do it, anyway?  I did not think mortal weapons were any use against such creatures.”  
Neeva groused, “who cares?  We’ll all be joining him unless we leave NOW!”  
Matt growled, “I will not go anywhere with you!”  
She laughed darkly, “you do not have a choice; I will not be left behind.”  
He shivered and looked at his senseless friend, knowing she was a very dangerous woman.  The others knew they must leave quickly lest more foes fall upon them, but all were reluctant to go with this heartless killer and abandon their friend.  Erian snorted in dismay, “I will carry him, as much as it pains me to say it.  We owe him our lives, the least I can do is repay the favor.”  
Eden’s eyes were wide, for she saw a man crouching over the prone Kyan, though the others seemed completely oblivious.  He winked at her, held a finger to his lips as if asking her to remain silent, and then poured some clear fluid into Kyan’s parted lips.  His breathing normalized and his eyes fluttered open.  The stranger vanished the moment his task was complete and Kyan glanced around in amazement.  Eden wore a grin of secret delight while the others were flabbergasted by this seeming return from the dead.  
Kyan grinned ruefully at those about him, as Matt helped him to his feet and asked in wonder, “what happened?”  
Kyan shook his head and said quietly, “can you yet deny the verity of miracles?”  Matt could only gape in astonishment.  
Erian whinnied in joy but pinned his ears back, as he looked upon the stunned Neeva, “what about her?”  
Kyan shook his head, “I would rather have the snake in our midst than stalking us unawares, besides our influence may yet do her good.  She had best come with us but I suggest we turn full east and go no further north.”  The others nodded their agreement and quickly set off with all speed.
Neeva was relegated to the middle of the party and would speak to no one about what had happened.  She was furious over the betrayal she had suffered and beginning to despair over her newfound, and likely permanent mortality, but she would not abandon Matt.  Matt spoke quietly with Kyan as they marched on and Eden kept company with Erian as they brought up the rear.  She was mystified to hear more of storied Paradise, where it seemed Erian had spent his youth.  He in turn was quite eager to hear tales of the Fairyfolk of the North, and with each tale was more and more glad that he had not sought refuge among them.  Neeva’s treachery had terrified him.  The Enemy knew of his rebellion and now sought his capture!  No, he must return home, swallow his pride, and beg his Master’s forgiveness.  Matt listened in dread as Kyan spoke of the darker legends, which told of the Enemy and his undead minions and their dominion over the sorrowful mortal sphere.  
Matt sighed, “I never held your Master in much regard but after our encounter with the storyteller, and worse with that Hunter, I am starting to think trusting Him might not be such a foolish idea after all!  What lies in the utter east?”  
Erian trotted forward and said, “to mortal men it is nothing but a stony desert wherein lies death, but to certain individuals, it is Paradise itself, and beyond lie the Brightlands where the Master dwells with all His faithful.”  
Matt wondered idly, “I wonder how one forgoes the desert and gains Paradise?”

They traveled on for several weeks and encountered no more trouble, though Kyan was certain he felt dark eyes and furtive shadows roving about the camp, but then he also glimpsed less sinister forms warding them from such evils.  Eden was quite certain they were not alone.  The others walked on, wary but oblivious to the struggles going on unseen about them.  Finally, the comfortable and familiar mortal world about them ended abruptly, as if someone had drawn a line in the sand, and before them stretched a dreary land much as Erian described and through which Kyan had wandered briefly, what seemed ages ago.  
“Not much to look at,” muttered Matt, as they stood upon the brink, “yet I feel at last the time of decision has come.”  He looked briefly south towards his former home, smiling in sad remembrance of a life that could no longer be his.  He shuddered as he looked west and grimaced to think what lay north.  Finally, he turned fervent eyes East and smiled, saying, “I think I must go forward and see what this drear land might hold.”  
Neeva snarled, her first words in days, “do not be a fool!  Your true people and rightful destiny lie to the north!”  
The Hunter suddenly stood forth, revealing himself from where he had been hiding behind some nearby bushes.  Kyan already had his sword in hand and eyed the villain warily.  The creature mocked, “none of that boy.  I have as much right to be here as you or that insolent girl.  Come away with me lad and learn what it is to live forever and find such power as will overwhelm mortal imaginations!”  
Matt turned sad eyes upon Kyan, “I must go forward and it must be alone.  Thank you!”  He threw his arms around his friend, wiped a tear from his eye, and dashed across the terminator; the moment he crossed that line, he vanished in a brilliant flash of light while Neeva and the Hunter both screamed in rage and despair.  
The Hunter sighed, shrugged, and said, “perhaps next time.”  He vanished in a cloud of black smoke as Neeva turned grim eyes upon the remnants of the party, “you are all fools!”  And then she walked away, for none had the heart to go after her.  
Erian swished his tail in irritation, “a pity she can escape justice.”  
Kyan shook his head, “she’s already faced that, yet still denies the Master.  The pity is that she continues to rebel even with all that has been risked on her behalf.”  
Eden looked hopefully at Kyan and asked, “I will wait, even if it means a thousand years!”  
Kyan smiled sadly at her and said, “nay lady, it can never to be.  Go thither and find your people.”  
She asked quietly, “you can never love me?”  
He smiled joyously, “only as a brother.”  She hugged him then, fought vainly against the tears, and dashed with joy and sorrow across that line, vanishing from mortal gaze.  
Erian swished his tail again, “I had hoped coming home meant just that, but there is nothing but a desert before me.  What of you?”  
Kyan wore a rueful grin, “it is the same for me.”  
Erian sighed, “what then is to come of me?”  
“You must take the Road,” came Garren’s familiar voice.  
Erian gaped at the Messenger standing suddenly beside him, “the Road!  That is for mortal men to travel!”  
Garren shook his head, “are you not mortal by your own choosing?  You must either take the Road or wait for death to take you if you wish to return home.”
Erian snorted in consternation, “very well, but need I go alone?”  
He looked hopefully at Kyan, who shook his head with a sad smile, “that path will not avail me.  Farewell my friend!”  
The Pegassi shook his head sadly, muttering about the stubbornness of humans, and set foot on the path that had suddenly appeared before them and promptly disappeared, leaving Kyan alone of all their party.  He looked at Garren with a question in his eyes and the elder Messenger laughed, “I do not think this is the last you shall see of any of your varied companions.  Come, there is another matter you must address.  That woman is determined to have her revenge and it is up to you to mitigate the danger to your kith and kin.”  Kyan nodded and slipped aback the Pegassi behind Garren, vanishing once more.

Neeva had learned well the lesson not to trust the inhuman servants of the Enemy, but that did not mean she could not use his human servants to her own advantage.  She was furious at the insolent boy and worse, at his treacherous Master, and she would defy them both.  She knew the name and location of the boy’s home village and it was no trouble at all to convince the nearest party of the Blackguard to make an appearance to punish the local heretics who had spawned such a nuisance.  Garren left Kyan in the fields not far from his house, with instructions to warn his family and the entire village.  He dashed home with all haste to tell his parents the strange tale.  His father was overjoyed to see his errant son and followed him eagerly into the house.  His mother and younger siblings were delighted to see him and listened keenly to the tale.  
Kyan’s father looked at his son askance, “Matt is a dragon?”  Kyan nodded at his father’s amazement and the man continued, “well, I am glad that he has found his place and now you can return to yours.”  
Kyan shook his head, “nay sir, I have returned only to warn you that there is evil afoot and it shall soon fall upon the village!”  His father crossed his arms and his mother gasped, while the younger children cowered in her skirts.  
“Kyan,” said his father, “your adventures have gone to your head.  You will stay home and be of use to your family!  I will hear no more of you running off and having more adventures when you are needed at home.”  
The boy said firmly, “as much as that would be my dearest wish, it is no longer my duty, sir.  If you love your lives, flee this night and do not look back!”
His father looked on the boy in wonder, this was no idle fancy or false alarm.  The boy spoke with the authority of a man who knew danger and expected others to heed his warnings.  The man sighed and said, “I do not know what has come over you lad but I cannot deny you have the right of it.  We shall leave as you suggest.  What of you?”  
Kyan smiled sadly, “I must warn all the village, after that I know not.”  
His mother cried out, “shall we never see you again?”  
Kyan said warmly, “that I cannot say, at least within this weary mortal sphere but fear not that we shall forever be sundered, for we shall meet again in the morning that has no end if you remain true to our Master.”  
They spent a little time in farewells but then began packing in haste; Kyan set out immediately to find Matt’s family.  “Where is my son?” demanded Matt’s mother when first she laid eyes on Kyan.  
He said, “he has found his place in the world.”  
His mother crossed her arms, “his place is here at home!”  
Kyan shook his head, “nay lady and neither is yours.  I would flee immediately, for the Blackguard is about to fall upon us.”  
Matt’s father was aghast, “the Blackguard?  I thought they were extinct, or a legend?”  
Kyan shook his head, “they are very real and though they have forgotten this village for half a century, our peace is no more.  If you love your lives, I suggest you flee!”  
Matt’s father asked, “how is it you abandoned our son?”  
Kyan shook his head, “he took a path I could not follow and now I have my own duties to be about.”  
The man nodded, “I see.  Thank you for the warning, I am sure you mean well.  Farewell.”  They shut the door in the boy’s face and he wondered if they would heed his warning.  
A magpie, perched in a nearby tree, chirruped, “we can only warn, all souls must decide their own fate.”  And then He was gone.
Kyan continued his rounds until he had visited every farm and house in the area.  Some thought him mad, others mocked him, and a few of the more sensible began packing, not wishing to risk such a danger.  The whole village was in uproar as people tried to figure out if it was truth or hoax.  Kyan’s most vociferous critic was a slightly older boy called Tyne, who had ever bullied the young Kyan and Matt ere they set out on their adventure.  The older boy did not like the confidence and authority that seemed to suffuse the once docile boy; Tyne and several of his likeminded cronies gathered on the village green to have words with this brazen child.  
Tyne and his lackeys surrounded Kyan, and after a little hassling and jostling, Tyne began, “who is afraid of the Blackguard anyway?  From what I hear, they have much to offer those looking for power, renown, and excitement.  I think I might even join up.”  
Kyan shook his head, “they are servants of evil!”  
Tyne snickered, “so does that make you a hero?”  
The mockery continued and only increased as the boy persisted in his warnings over the next three days.  A few families had fled, but most would not abandon their homes for so fickle a reason.  That evening they had reason to regret their hesitation, for the Blackguard had remembered the village at last.  They went door to door and rounded up every last person in the area, who clumped together on the green like frightened sheep amidst the light of torches, the shimmer of dark armor, and the glitter of malicious eyes.
For an hour, the captain extolled the glories of the Dark One and then demanded that all and sundry go to their knees in worship of the Fell Prince.  In terror, the entire village bent knee, save Kyan, who was beaten into senselessness for his temerity.  After, they rounded up the older boys, who found themselves drafted into the Blackguard, and then they demanded that the villagers satisfy their various wants, needs, and demands for the evening.  The following day, they marched off with their pilfered sons, who were never seen by any of their kin ever after.  Kyan found himself hustled off with all the rest, aching severely from the previous night and treated even worse than the rest of his compatriots for his heresy.  
Tyne and some of the more compliant individuals found themselves treated far better and even placed in authority over their lesser companions.  With each passing day, the captives’ spirits wavered and eventually gave in to the harsh treatment of resistance and the promise of great reward for compliance.  Kyan alone of the conscripted boys found himself resisting but not for long.  He tried to inspire courage in his companions but they saw what it earned him: half rations, constant beatings, and severe verbal abuse.  The pace was grueling, sleep was minimal, and the rations poor, but it was the first step in turning them into competent soldiers.  With each passing day, Kyan grew weaker yet his spirit would not, could not be broken.  Finally, there came a day when he fell behind in the daily march and no amount of cursing or lashes could raise him to his feet.  
The captain handed Tyne a spear and said with a vile glint in his eye, “finish him, but not too quickly.”  
Kyan lay panting and half senseless, but came fully to himself when he saw Tyne leaning over him with a spear at the ready.  There was such a pleading look of horror in the boy’s eyes that for a moment, Tyne hesitated, but then he remembered what hesitation had earned the fool before him and he thrust the weapon into the unprotected abdomen of his foe.  He laughed derisively and fell back into line with the others, who soon vanished beyond sight and hearing.  Kyan lay in a half delirious agony, mortally wounded and feeling life ebbing away, while something greater pulsed beneath it, ready to break forth like a river in flood.  
“This has to be a mistake,” groused a familiar voice.  Kyan squinted at the brilliant light that suffused him and gazed in wonder upon Erian, now in his proper form.  The Pegassi cocked his head in wonder and said, “I survived the Road and have found myself again, and better still, my true Master.  It looks like you would have been wiser to do the same.  What on earth have you been doing?  I am looking for someone…but I fear there must be some error.”
“There is no mistake,” came Garren’s familiar voice.  He gazed down at the stricken boy in some combination of disgust and horror as he pulled the spear free.  Kyan groaned and nearly lost consciousness, but Garren knelt beside him and helped him to sit up.  Erian watched curiously as the Messenger gave the dying boy a drink out of the waterskin he carried.  As Kyan swallowed, the pain, weariness, and blackness gnawing at the edges of his vision vanished and he found he had strength enough to stand unassisted.  
The Pegassi snorted in amazement, “that must be some stuff!”  
Garren smiled, “it is the Water of Life.”  
Erian cocked his head, “but I thought it was forbidden for mortals to drink of the River!  Was that not why they were chased out of Paradise in the first place?”  
Kyan gave the Pegassi an amused look, “and who said I am mortal?”  
Erian snorted, “you cannot be injured like unless you are.  I have watched you lad, you need air, sleep, food, and water just like any other man.”  
“Perhaps,” said Garren with a grin, “but that does not mean he is not a Messenger.”  
“What!” gaped the Pegassi, “You cannot be serious?”  
Garren smiled, “I am and he is.  Now I will leave you two to get reacquainted.”  He turned to go, but then gave Kyan an amused grin, “your next assignment will be rather interesting.  Farewell!”  
Kyan shook his head as his friend vanished in a flutter of wings, wondering if he would ever get used to this strange new world in which he found himself.  He turned his gaze upon the stunned Erian, whose mouth was still hanging open in shock.  The Pegassi shook himself and addressed the boy, “he is serious?”  
Kyan grinned, “yes, he is.”
Erian asked, “the entire time I have known you?”  Kyan nodded.  Erian cocked his head, “how?”  
Kyan shook his head, “some fell weapon of the Enemy rendered me mortal again, at least in form.”  
“That has to be a bit demeaning,” sighed Erian in perplexity.  
Kyan laughed, “I hardly notice, I was not a Messenger long enough to get used to the idea.”  
Erian frowned, “is there no cure?”  
Kyan shrugged, “Garren said something about death returning me to my proper form.”  
Erian gaped, “but then why heal you just now?”  
Kyan said thoughtfully, “I suppose the Master has some use for me in mortal guise.”  
Erian snorted, “it seems there is ever a purpose and plan in everything.  At least this explains some of your stranger habits whilst we were previously together.  I suppose it will not sully my honor to carry a mere man, since I was once mortal myself.”  
Kyan grinned, “I thought you had overcome your pride at last?”  
The Pegassi would have blushed could he do so, but he only looked off to one side with a sheepish look on his face and laughed, “old habits die hard it seems.”  
“You would do well to bury that failing once and for all,” squawked the magpie as He winged over head.  
Erian and Kyan both bowed as He passed but He was gone before they finished the maneuver.  They exchanged a mystified look, but it was soon swallowed by surprise, as a great black shadow blocked out the sun and grew ever larger as the creature circled for a landing.  They stared in wonder as a green dragon, thrice the size of a man, landed not far from them, eyeing them both suspiciously.  He glanced again at a piece of paper held in one foreclaw and scratched the side of his head in perplexity with the other as he sat upon his haunches.
He glanced up again at the odd pair and said somewhat stuffily, “which of you is called Kyan?”  Kyan stepped forward and the dragon squinted at him through a pair of spectacles, stared at his parchment, and stared again at the boy, muttering, “you don’t seem a spy and traitor to me, too small, but then perhaps that allows you to be more sneaky?  Here.”  He handed Kyan the parchment, and the moment he finished reading it, the boy vanished in a puff smoke.  
Erian laid his ears back, “where is he?”  
The dragon shrugged, “he has just been charged with espionage, treason, kidnapping, and annoying Her Ladyship.  He is currently standing trial for his crimes.”  
“Not if I can help it,” growled Erian, who reared and vanished with one sweep of his great wings.  
The dragon stared about him in wonder and stood there for some time trying to remember where he was and why before he finally figured out he should probably return home since his errand was finished.  

“I demand to see the boy,” groused Erian, as he tried to force his way deeper into the labyrinth of caves that served as the Draconian Hall of Justice.  
The guard dragons ignored him and simply lay across the door, effectively blocking his path.  One snorted in amusement, “you have no reason to be here.  He will stand trial and face justice.  I suppose you can have whatever is left of him after that.”  Erian did not like the sinister sound of the creature’s laugh.  He sighed and stood patiently outside, waiting for some news of his suddenly vanished companion; he had just found the boy and was not pleased to have lost him again so suddenly.  
Kyan appeared suddenly in the midst of the Hall of Justice, sitting in a chair facing a great stone dais on which rested Her Ladyship and two massive, though lesser dragons.  Behind him, he could hear the sounds of many others of that race demanding justice and slavering for his blood.  The impish secretary strutted before him and said, “it is about time you got here.  The trial began three days ago!  I am to be your defense council but that is simply a ceremonial position, since the verdict has already been reached.”  
Kyan stared at the creature and asked, “I am on trial?  For what?”  
Her Ladyship’s voice echoed through the immense chamber and stilled all lesser voices, “for impudence, kidnapping, treason, and espionage.  Not to mention interference in matters not pertaining to yourself.  Also, of lying in hopes of gaining our interference thereby.”  
Kyan cocked his head, “lying?”  
She snorted, “you told me you had been murdered by one of my agents, an excuse which then led to her estrangement from her race, and the loss of one of our youngsters who fell into the clutches of your fell Master.”  The imp slashed a dagger across the boy’s cheek and the bright red line of blood, his flinch, and yelp of pain were enough to prove to all present that he was indeed mortal, which seemed to verify her words.  She continued, “can you deny what happened?”  
Kyan stood his ground, though he found himself bound tightly to the rickety chair, “I do not deny that the youngster in question found his way into the Master’s keeping nor that my interference, as you call it, led to the lessening of your agent’s influence over my friend.”  
She scowled, “but you lied in saying she murdered you, else how could you be flesh and bone?”  
He gazed at her in wonder, “nay lady, my death was at her hands and it is partially again for her sake that I again wear flesh.  A Hunter set upon her with a fell weapon and I took the blow in her stead which has rendered me as you see.”  
She scoffed, “there is no such thing.  You are a liar and a thief.  You have betrayed dragonkind and for that you will suffer the consequences.  Your Master has acted under false pretenses, which only proves that we were right in leaving Him so long ago as we did.  I find you guilty as charged and as punishment you shall be cast into the Rift.”  She laughed darkly, “let us see if your precious Master can rescue you from a fate worse than death.”  
One of the great wyrms upon the dais stirred itself and took up the boy, chair and all, in one great foreclaw and made its way out of the mountain’s depths to carry out the sentence.  The spectators were roaring, snarling, and laughing in their thunderous voices, making it sound as if the earth itself were being rent asunder.  The great beast clattered past the impatient Erian, who trotted beside the captive, asking, “where are you going?”  
Kyan grinned, “they are going to cast me into the Rift.”  
Erian said in wonder, “can they do that?”  The boy shrugged but did not seem overly concerned, ever trusting in his Master’s grace.
The great dragon took wing, the boy still clutched in his foreclaws, and made his way to the nearest intersection of the Rift in the east with the mountains of the north.  Erian followed easily behind, enjoying the chance to stretch his wings in space and time, rather than defying both with his usual speed.  A half day’s flight brought them over the drear grey desert of the East with the Rift in its midst.  The dragon hovered above and dropped the boy, chair and all, into the gaping chasm.  The fall brought a yelp of exhilaration from the boy, but the moment he dropped into the chasm, it and his physical self suddenly vanished from space and time.  The dragon hovered overhead a moment longer, smiled in delight, and winged his way home.  Erian had landed upon the River’s bank and watched curiously.  He watched the ragged boy and his rickety chair fall from a height and vanish beneath the swirling depths of the great stream.
Kyan, with his mortal eyes, saw the Rift gape before him, felt all the horror and grief it contained, and felt it consume him utterly.  The chair and ropes binding him ceased to be but then, so did he feel his physical self simply vanishing into Nothing, but then the sensation and darkness vanished and he was awash in the River of Life.  He washed ashore and lay upon his back, staring up into the amused face of the Pegassi.  He heaved himself to his feet and allowed Erian to make his full inspection.  
Once finished, the creature laughed and reared for joy, “that is better.”  Kyan grinned, feeling himself once more and finally in his proper form.  
Garren was suddenly beside him and they exchanged warm greetings before Kyan queried, “what was all that about the dragons and their mock trial?”  
Garren shook his head in amusement, “they feel themselves quite wronged in the entire matter pertaining to your friend and were quite delighted to discover that you were mortal and therefore vulnerable to their strange plots.  They feel themselves quite justified in condemning you to the Pit, though they have no idea how these things really work.  You can no more fall into the Rift than the Dark Prince can hope to drink of the River; they are quite contrary to the laws of the Master and Reality.  But now they feel themselves content and will not seek revenge by other means.”  
Kyan smiled, “so more or less everyone lives happily ever after, or at least thinks they do?”  
Garren laughed, “precisely.”
Suddenly a shadow engulfed them and all went diving for cover, as the sky seemed to be falling upon their very heads.  There came the sound of a horrendous crash, an exasperated snort, and once the dust had settled, they were able to make out the form of a boy about Kyan’s age, who said, “sorry about that, flying is easy.  It’s landing that’s difficult.”  Matt blinked the dust out of his brilliant blue eyes, which had previously been brown; he smiled ruefully as the two men regained their feet and the Pegassi snorted the dirt out of their nostrils.  “Kyan?!?” Matt said in elation upon recognizing his friend, whereupon they exchanged joyful greetings.  
Finally recognizing the man from the inn, what seemed and was truly a lifetime ago, Matt nodded familiarly to Garren, who laughed, shook his head, mounted his Pegassi, and said upon parting, “you two know what you are about.  Farewell.”  The Pegassi reared and vanished with all the wondrous speed of his kind.  
Matt gaped in astonishment and turned to find himself face to face with the other Pegassi.  Erian shook himself and asked lazily, “what?  No greeting for me?”  
Matt’s smile deepened, “forgive me, I did not recognize you until you spoke.”  
The Pegassi laughed, “I suppose that is a good thing, considering the state of things upon our parting.  It seems we have both found our way home.”  
The two boys walked beside the River and Erian followed after, occasionally cropping lazily at the grass as they walked.  Said Matt, “would you mind explaining a few things Kyan?”  Kyan grinned, knowing the multitude of questions that must be buzzing in Matt’s mind after their previous adventures.  Continued Matt, “now it is quite obvious that you are one of the Messengers, but what about when we were still traveling together?  You had no time to take the Road, yet I am convinced you were one of them even so, and if so, how is it that you were able to be wounded, rendered unconscious, and very nearly die?”  
Kyan asked, “do you know what Neeva was?”  
Matt stopped, “was?  I assume she is one of the Feral Dragons.”  
Kyan said quietly, “she was, but she is now human.  That night she joined our party was an eventful evening.”  He then went on to regale his friend with the strange tale that had taken place while Matt slept on unawares.  
Matt shook his head in astonishment, “so none of us, save Eden, were what we appeared to be?  What a mess!”  
“Speaking of Eden,” said Kyan suddenly, “I believe we had better go find her.”  
Matt grinned, “how do you do that?”  
Kyan cocked his head, “do what?”  
Matt sighed, “know what we are supposed to be doing.”  
Erian whinnied a laugh, “the same way you knew you were supposed to meet someone at that particular spot on the River.”  
Matt smiled, “but I do not know how I knew that either.”  
Kyan laughed, “neither do I know how it is done.”  
Erian shook his head, “you two have a lot to learn about life beyond Time.”  
Kyan smiled, “then it is a very good thing that you are here to keep us out of trouble my friend.  But come, we are needed elsewhere.  Would you care for a lift?”  
Matt eyed the Pegassi warily, “only if Erian does not mind.  It might be less disastrous than flying myself at the moment.”  
Erian snorted his amusement, “come along then!  It is also much faster.”  The two boys climbed aback the Pegassi and seemed to arrive before they had left.
Kyan recognized the great hall carved out of the mountain’s living stone where he had accompanied Neeva to her trial.  The doors stood open but there were no guards about.  The boys dismounted and made their way into the central chamber, which stood empty, save for the ancient elf upon his chair and a young elf maiden facing him.  The elder was saying as the three entered the chamber, “Eden, I do not think this a good idea.  Did you not just flee your people and seek sanctuary amongst us?  If you return to the mortal world, you risk death or worse, capture by the Enemy’s fell minions.  Are you sure about this?”  
Said the girl, “but I must return to my renegade people and tell them what I have seen, that perhaps they too might see the Truth as I have.  How can I rest peacefully here when my folk are oblivious to the danger they are in and the misery and sorrow amidst which they dwell?  I must return and tell them!”  
The ancient elf nodded thoughtfully and as his eyes fell upon the newcomers in the chamber, he smiled, “it seems you are not so vulnerable as I had feared, for you shall not go alone.  Go forth, and tell your people that which you must, that perhaps they too might find Life.”  
She threw her arms around the ancient man in excited thanks, which seemed to both flatter and surprise him at her seeming lack of propriety.  Then she turned to look at what had drawn the elder’s gaze, loosing a shriek of delight as she ran to greet her friends, which mortally wounded the elder’s already injured sense of propriety, but he could not help but smile for joy at her enthusiasm.  
They exchanged greetings all around and she smiled fondly at Kyan, saying with a delighted laugh, “at last I understand.  I shall enjoy traveling with you all once more, especially my brother.”  Kyan blushed and Matt eyed him curiously while Erian whinnied a laugh.  They made their way out of the great hall and out into the ever wondrous day.  
Matt said to himself, “I wonder if I too must return to my people?”  
Kyan nodded, “I think someday you will, but first we must accompany Eden whither she would lead us.”  
Matt cocked his head, “both of us?”  
Kyan grinned, “you must guard her from mortal foes and I will ward her from the servants of the Enemy.”  
Matt eyed him curiously, “why not just guard her yourself?”  
Erian snorted, “because he is completely useless against mortal foes.”  
Matt seemed to find the thought astounding but Erian added, “just as you have no power over the undead minions of the Enemy.  Together you can ward the girl quite adequately.”  
Kyan was already aback Erian and he motioned for Eden to join him.  Matt was wondering what to do, as there seemed no room for him, and then he remembered that he was quite able to manage for himself.  His eyes took on a misty, faraway look as he concentrated, and suddenly a rather small dragon of brilliant blue stood before them.
Eden laughed for joy and Kyan smiled in wonder as Erian took to the air with the dragon beside him.  Matt joyously exclaimed, “I dearly love the exhilaration of flying but I fear I have much to learn about landing.”  
Kyan grinned, “maybe Erian could give you a few pointers.”  
The Pegassi shook his head and said, “it is something he will have to figure out for himself.  My Lady, where shall I bear you?”  
Eden laughed and gave the Pegassi directions as to where it might be safest to land and reenter the lands of her people.  While the journey afoot had taken many days, it was swiftly made on the wing.  They left behind them the joyous East and entered again into the sorrowful mortal sphere, each feeling a pang of loss and a desperate sense of pity for those who chose to linger in such a place willingly.  
Said Eden in great sadness, “how is it my people willingly left Paradise to dwell here?”  
Erian shook his head, “pride is ever a great deceiver and ever it thinks it knows more than our dear Master.  Perhaps we can enlighten those who remain willfully blind to their own lack of vision that they may one day see truly.”  
They landed for the night in a little clearing and would set out the next day afoot into the lands held by the renegade elves.  Erian and Kyan had no need of sleep so they would keep watch over the camp while the others slept.  Though of naturally undying races, while dwelling in the mortal world, both dragons and elves were subject to the laws of time and the risks therein.  They roused with the dawn and made a breakfast of what they had brought along for those who required sustenance.  
To avoid unwanted attention, Kyan and Erian looked nothing more than an ordinary man and his common looking horse while Matt remained in his human form, at least until he noticed a strange smell on the wind.  He ordered Eden behind him as he took on his draconian form; Kyan swung himself aback Erian but knew there was little he could do to aid his friends, for Matt had scented men and horses, foes against whom he was quite useless.  
The dragon’s eyes grew red with anticipation as the sound of approaching hooves filled the air.  Kyan fingered his sword hilt as Eden drew further behind the dragon.  Their adversary suddenly broke through the brush, studied the situation, and laughed in anticipation upon discovering a noble quest at last.  Matt drew back a step upon sighting the lance the young knight held; Eden gasped in horror.  Erian turned one great eye over his shoulder and looked questioningly at Kyan who shook his head, silently telling the Pegassi that they would wait, for now.  
The knight set his lance in place, closed the visor of his helmet, and said as he spurred his charger forward, “fear not lady, for your rescue is at hand!”  
Eden screamed, Matt braced himself for impact, not daring to take to the air lest he expose Eden to danger, but suddenly man and horse found themselves screaming in dismay, surprise, and frustration as they were forced from their line of attack by the impertinent horseman that had suddenly appeared out of nowhere and rammed them with his own mount.
When attack seemed imminent, Erian charged the great warhorse and pushed him away from their endangered friends.  The knight had dropped his lance and had all he could do to keep his battle-trained stallion from attacking the stranger’s horse.  He raised his visor and glared at this new foe, yelling above the screams of his frustrated mount, “what are you doing?  The lady is in danger, as now are we!”  
Kyan sat Erian and grinned, “the lady is in no danger and I will not let you murder my friend.”  
The knight gaped, both at the realization that this plain looking fellow and his equally drab horse had managed to foil the best efforts of a knight and his highly trained mount and at the thought that this man thought a dragon could be friendly to mankind.  But it seemed the dragon was not intent upon destroying them and the girl seemed much relieved that this would-be hero had called off his attack.  Suddenly Matt was again on the alert as he said, “Kyan, we have more company.”  
Eden paled, “there are many of them and they are elves.  Ware knight, for they are upon you!”  
Kyan exchanged a look with Erian, who nodded at his silent question.  Kyan slid from his saddle and dashed towards the dumbfounded knight, crying, “let me up and let us be off.  This will soon be no place for mortal men!”  
The bewildered knight could not object as he saw the brush starting to move with the anticipated invaders’ approach; he drew Kyan up behind him and turned his horse.  He rejoiced to see a broad path wide open before him.  He spurred his mount forward even as bowstrings sang and arrows buzzed behind them.  The world seemed to shift about them and suddenly the path and the horsemen vanished from the sight of those left behind.  
Eden asked of Erian, “what just happened?”  
Erian replied, “Kyan has a duty to that boy for the moment, I will ward you from anything our friendly dragon here cannot manage.”  
By now the elves had emerged from the undergrowth, had put up their bows, and were staring at the elf maiden in amazement, for here was their lord’s daughter, whom they had assumed long lost to them.  They eyed the dragon warily but had no weapon that was of any use against him; Erian, they took for a simple horse.  Matt yet stood over the girl protectively as the captain of the company spoke, “where have you been my Lady?  Your father is in near despair at your disappearance.  You must come with us immediately.  The dragon may do as he pleases.”  
Matt assumed his human form and replied, “I shall accompany the lady whither she wishes.”  
The guards did not look pleased with this revelation but Eden began, “I have no greater wish than to see my father and address our people.  Lead on captain.”  
The elves had no love for dragons but accepted them as fellow immortals, if only for the fact that they were not humans.  Eden looked questioningly at Erian, who gave her a lovely horsy grin, affirming her silent request to climb into his saddle.  Matt climbed up behind her and they fell in with the silent guards, who escorted her back to her father.

Bayard, the rather flummoxed knight, pulled up his horse suddenly and glanced behind him, wondering where the pursuing arrows had gone.  He wondered even more where the path they had just vacated had vanished to.  Kyan glanced about them and smiled upon finally understanding what this strange path must be.  He slid from the saddle and motioned for his companion to do the same.  Bayard was too amazed to disagree and desperately hoped the strange boy would have some feasible explanation for all this.  
“Who are you?” gasped the knight, “And what were you doing in company with a dragon and an elf maid?  What is this path and where did the arrows and our adversaries go?”  
Kyan sat upon a log and tried to contain his excitement as he said, “we are upon the Road.”  
“The Road!” gasped the knight, “We have flown from danger into danger!  No man takes this path and lives to tell the tale!”  
Kyan shook his head, “nay Sir Knight, at the end lies Life indeed, at least for those faithful to the Master.  It is certainly a dangerous and treacherous path but the rewards are worth the risk.”  
“Well,” sighed the knight, “I did set out in search of adventure.  Now tell me of yourself and your companions?  Few are the men who can claim such interesting friends.  The way you came to their defense exposes you as a trained and courageous warrior.”  
Kyan smiled at this absurd description of himself and said, “I knew the dragon in his youth, when we both thought him just another village boy.  The elf maid joined us upon our path, a fugitive from her people returned to tell them of the Joy she had found.  The dragon and I rode with to ward her from the dangers of the road.  As for myself, I am just a boy from an obscure village who has stumbled into adventure after adventure.”  
The knight shook his head, “this is a tale taller than any of the old legends yet there is truth in all you say!  Perhaps I shall set foot upon this Road of yours and test my faith in the Master.  Shall you accompany me?”  
Kyan shook his head, “nay, this path we each must tread alone.  Stray not from the path for any reason or it shall forsake you and never shall you find it more.  Farewell my friend!”  Bayard stood, bid the strange lad a warm farewell, and vanished from sight as the Road shifted.  
Garren suddenly appeared beside Kyan and smiled warmly, “wishing you could take the Road as well?”
Kyan grinned, “after what I have already experienced, I fear it would be rather dull.”  
Garren laughed, “that would probably be true.  Witches in the guise of fair maidens in distress, old friends chiding and beckoning, hostile and pleasant lands, all tempting you from the path would little move you I think.  We had best get you back to your Pegassi and the balance of your old friends.”  They exchanged a joyful grin, and vanished aback the Pegassi.  
They reappeared deep in the elf kingdom far to the north upon a starless night; the lights of a distant city twinkled like stars trapped in the forest depths.  Garren said, “unlike mortal men, we cannot hide from the timeless gaze of the elves but neither can they do more than cause one of our ilk transient discomfort, unless of course they happen to decapitate you.”  Kyan gave the elder Messenger a horrified look at the casual way he talked about such a subject, but Garren went on, oblivious, “still, you must ward the girl against any agents the Enemy sends against her, not wishing to part with any of a race he holds firmly in his thrall.  Farewell.”  And then Kyan was alone, pressing on into the night dark wood towards the earthbound starry host ahead.
“Who goes?” snapped a brisk elvish voice.  
Kyan said quietly, “I must see your lord’s daughter.”  
The guard scoffed, “how did you get this deep into our territory unchallenged, mortal?  Are you some sort of Warlock that can evade us by trickery?  You shall certainly see the Lady, at least she shall see you as you die in agony before her.  Her father is most displeased in the matter concerning her disappearance and the strange nonsense she babbles upon her return.  Perhaps you will answer for that as well.”  
They lunged forward and tried to grab Kyan, and for a moment they succeeded, but he remembered his previous encounter with the dragons and simply willed himself untouchable by their mortal flesh and they passed through him as if he were made of mist.  They screamed in rage and fell upon him with swords and spears, which stung but left no permanent injury until one managed to strike off his head, or would have, had he not vanished in a flash of brilliant light.  They stared in wonder and horror but could find no trace of their prisoner or give an explanation as to what had happened, save that perhaps he was some dread worker of dark spells.
Kyan found himself engulfed in the River and washed gently to shore, where he gazed sheepishly up into the amused face of Garren, who said, “I did warn you about that!”  
Kyan heaved himself to his feet and was again escorted back to elfland in hopes of warding dear Eden.  This time they appeared quite irreverently within the very palace of the elf king.  The three exchanged an amused grin ere Garren and the Pegassi vanished again.  Kyan crept down the hall, trying to avoid discovery yet hoping to find Eden before some fell servant of evil did.  He heard voices and ducked down an adjoining corridor.  The King and his retinue soon passed and in their midst was Eden, arguing with her father the King.  Matt brought up the rear like a forgotten but faithful dog.  As they passed, suddenly there arose a clamor down the hall as several guards rushed to the King and bowed low.  They quickly told of their strange battle and warned the King to be wary of wizards and the like.  
Kyan grinned and stepped from the corridor concealing him from casual sight, saying, “it is not wizards Highness, but a mere servant of your daughter.”  The guards drew themselves up, the King looked annoyed, the rest of the retinue amazed, and Eden and Matt exchanged an ecstatic grin.

The King called off his guards, who looked ready to fall upon Kyan once more, and His Majesty sneered, “my daughter has no friends, servants, or even slaves among mere mortals.  Be gone, before you regret your temerity.”  
Matt snorted, “it would be wise to humor him my Lord, for you are not likely to rid yourself of him easily or permanently.  Besides, he alone can ward your daughter from such terrible servants of evil that your guards are right to fear.”  
“Silence you insolent serpent!” snarled the King, “Guards, seize him!”  Eden looked for a moment horrified and then vastly amused as the guards vainly tried to catch the insufferable boy.  The King stared in amazement, “is there no way to be rid of this pest?”  
One of the guards volunteered, “I managed to get rid of him for a time my Lord.”  
Kyan grinned, “only for as long as it took the lot of you to run from the city gates to the castle.”  
“True,” sighed the vociferous guard.  
“What then are we to do with this wretch?” growled the elf King.  
Eden laughed, “the wisest and easiest course would be simply to leave him be.  He can cause you as little harm as you can him.”  
The King sighed, “never in all our history have we allowed mortals to freely walk these corridors.”  
Matt grinned, “if it is of any solace Sire, he is not exactly mortal, as his strange talents testify.”  The King gave the dragon an irritated look but finally nodded curtly and motioned for the guards to return to their duties and his retinue to continue their forward progress.
Kyan fell silently to the back of the party and walked beside the equally ignored Matt, whispering, “where is Erian?”  
Matt smiled, “pretending to be a silly horse in the stableyard.  We had a hard enough time convincing the King to let me accompany Eden, more was unthinkable.”  Kyan nodded but did not reply as several of the King’s retinue directed angry looks in their direction.  
“This is lunacy!” shrieked the King to his daughter, “You cannot expect us to return to the slavery of the past!  It is unthinkable.”  
Eden shook her head sadly, “perhaps the original generation that left Paradise will not change its mind, but at least give your children the chance to hear the entire tale.  All I ask is the chance to tell of my adventures and then after I shall bother you no more.”  
He looked at her in stunned silence, “you are not threatening to leave again are you?”  
She shook her head sadly, “if there is a great interest in these things aroused among your people then I shall stay to encourage them, but if all are as hostile as yourself to my ideals, I am afraid there is no longer a place for me in the mortal world and I shall return to the country you abandoned so long ago, which is now my rightful home.”  
He said aghast, “to think you would abandon your kin so easily!”  
She smiled sadly, “I have finally come home Sire, it is you and those like you who have abandoned your first home and true Master.”  
He grunted in frustration, “I will grant you your hearing but nothing more.  Henceforth, my daughter is dead to me.”  He grated his orders to several of his servants, who rushed off to fulfill them before turning on Eden, saying imperiously, “you shall have your wish but after you shall remove yourself and all like you immediately from my domain and never shall you be allowed to return.  If they wish to chase after such nonsense they will not do so in my Kingdom.  Tomorrow you shall have your audience and then you shall leave.”  He turned on his heel and indignantly stalked away.  
Eden sighed heavily and looked to her two friends, who were all that remained of the retinue, save a rather awkward servant.  She said sadly, “I did not think coming home would be easy and it seems I was right.”  She looked to the servant and said, “lead me to my quarters please, for I am weary with travel and grief.”  The man bowed and dashed down the hall with the trio close behind.
The Lady was given a small room in the bowels of the castle, not at all befitting her former status as daughter to the King, but she mused that it was certainly better than the dungeons.  The elves would not deign to show her friends even that much courtesy, but Matt was content to curl up in front of Eden’s door while Kyan, who needed no sleep, felt an urge to patrol the corridors of the palace.  The dismal room had no windows so there would be no need to keep a watch inside the room itself.  Attack must come from without.  
By now, the entire castle had been apprised of the morrow’s events and the strange visitors the palace currently hosted.  Kyan received many angry looks from the various elves he passed in his wanderings but none bothered to interfere with him, knowing it would little avail them.  His wanderings soon brought him to the stableyard, where Erian greeted him; he apprised the Pegassi of their current situation.  After, he returned to the castle and made a thorough sweep of the entire building before taking up a position in the shadows, down the hall from Eden’s door and the fitfully sleeping dragon.
“Are you such a fool boy, that you are willing to die for this pathetic creature whose own people are wise enough to forsake her?” came a hissing voice from the deeper shadows.  Kyan felt a chill run down his spine as he saw a darker shadow move among the ordinary shadows of the hall.  
“What do you want?” asked the boy of the Hunter, as he reached for his sword.  
The creature scoffed, “move aside and I will do as I please with the girl, you need not be harmed, but if you insist on becoming a problem I will take great pleasure in destroying you.”  
Kyan laughed, “you cannot destroy me.”  
The vile man mocked, “perhaps not, but I can render you mortal once more, capture you, and bear you to such a prison as to make the Rift seem a pleasant alternative.  Else you can move aside.”  
The boy snorted as he set himself for a fight, “even so, you shall not pass.”  
“Fool!” snarled the Hunter, “You have been warned, but alas your kind never has sense when it comes to these things.”  Kyan could not respond, for he suddenly vanished in a ball of black flame.  
“You are more the fool,” snarled a Wraith, the dread sorcerers of the Enemy, “why waste the Dagger on that pest when it is much more useful against the dragon?”  
The Hunter snarled, “because it is so much more satisfying!  You will merely kill the dragon while we could truly torment that insolent boy!  Now he will just creep back to cause more trouble.”  
The Wraith scoffed, “not before we have finished with the girl.”  
“I was handling it quite well myself,” snarled the Hunter, “you need not have interfered.”  
“Orders,” laughed the Wraith darkly, “your bungling of the dragon assignment has led our master to question your usefulness.  You will not be allowed to fail again.”  The Hunter seemed terrified for some reason, perhaps knowing another failure would mean his ultimate exile to the Rift if his master found him incompetent as the Wraith seemed to imply. 
Matt was wakened by Kyan’s voice as he confronted the Hunter down the hall, he lay silent and pretended to sleep as the little drama unfolded, wondering how to aid his friend.  His blood ran cold when Kyan suddenly vanished and the Wraith appeared, mention of his own vulnerability did not help his courage, but what could he do?  He could not vanquish such foes, his only hope was that Kyan or another Messenger chose to interfere before it was too late.  
“I will show you how such things are accomplished,” snarled the Wraith, as he moved towards the dragon and the door, “move aside lizard or your days on earth are finished.”  Matt reared up to his insignificant height and prepared to stall the creatures for as long as he could, which would not be long if that knife clutched by the Hunter was what he thought it was.  If there was to be any rescue, it must come now.

Kyan’s entire being felt afire but suddenly the flame was quenched as the River engulfed him.  He shuddered, utterly disliking the feel of that black flame.  He thought he should feel a vital need to rush back to defend Eden, but then he remembered that Time was of little consequence to the Messengers, especially in such a place as Paradise.  He would arrive exactly When and Where he was needed.  For a moment longer, he relished the coolness of the River but felt drawn to the bank, where he stood and gazed joyfully at the beauty about him, wondering idly where Erian was.  But his reverie was interrupted by a rather strange sight, for amongst all the wonder and life of the place, there seemed to be a weak, dying creature making its pathetic way towards the River.  Even more astounding, it was a mortal man.  Then Kyan recognized the once vital knight, Bayard, as he made his stumbling way towards the River.  How had such a forlorn creature come to invade Paradise?  Then Kyan remembered the last errand upon which he had seen the boy and his own first experience in this strange land. 
To Bayard, the world was dull, grey and wearisome.  The Rift gaped in the distance even as his physical shell withered in this drear land.  He had overcome so many obstacles and trials that dying like this seemed rather anticlimactic.  Where was the Life he had been promised?  Finally he fell, and could not rise.  He had thought the Rift some distance away but now he lay upon its brink, its infinite Nothing beckoned to his despairing soul.  He might have thrown himself in but he was suddenly lost in a blinding light and then found himself flailing in the River.  Bayard found his way to the shore and stared in wonder at the changes wrought in himself and the world about him.  Then he recognized Kyan standing beside him on the bank; they shared a mystified grin even as a Pegassi trotted up and joined in their mutual joy.  
The Pegassi reared in eagerness, spread his great wings and said, “you two had best come along, for there are adventures afoot.”  They exchanged another eager grin and leapt aback the great steed and vanished.

Just as Matt was thinking this whole adventure was about to end pointlessly, leaving Eden alone to face these monsters, a brilliant light engulfed the hallway; the dragon and two vile creatures suddenly drew back, half blind and quite startled.  The radiance dimmed to a comfortable level, at least for the dragon, and two warriors leapt from the back of a great white horse with swords drawn.  In his surprise, the Wraith forgot to use any of its fell magic to ward off its suddenly arrived foes and easily fell to Kyan’s attack.  Bayard was holding the Hunter at bay, but suddenly vanished as the creature struck a mortal blow; the Pegassi vanished after his fled master, leaving Kyan to dispatch the Hunter.  In a panic at his impending failure, the Hunter threw the dagger with all his might as Kyan launched himself upon his old nemesis.  Kyan’s blow landed just a moment before the vile knife; the Hunter disintegrated with a horrified wail and Kyan sprawled unconscious on the floor with a wounded shoulder, mortal once more.
The exchange had taken only moments and Matt watched in stunned wonder, but with Kyan’s collapse and the vanishment of their foes, Matt resumed his human form and rushed to his prone friend.  Kyan groaned as Matt gently turned him over and stared at his wounded shoulder in astonishment.  Kyan put a hand to his aching head as he regained his senses and sat up sighing, “here we go again!”  
Matt grinned, “thanks for the rescue, they were intending to use that on me.”  
Kyan could not help but smile, “always willing to take a blow for my favorite dragon.  This is becoming a habit it seems.”  The door cracked open and then was swung wide as Eden stared in dismay at the mess in the hallway, having been awakened by the ruckus.  
She sighed, “it seems the sooner we tell my people what they need most to hear, the better.”  She stared hard at Kyan’s shoulder, “we had best get you cleaned up, for if my people learn that you are now vulnerable to their threats your death will not be pleasant.”  Kyan nodded his agreement and allowed his friends to help him to his feet that his wounds might be tended.  As soon as his wounds were dressed, he fell into an exhausted sleep as Eden whispered to Matt, “now who gets to tell Erian?”

The rest of the night passed swiftly and no further attempts were made upon Eden’s life or safety and as promised, the entire Kingdom had assembled shortly after dawn to hear this strange proclamation.  Eden held forth, regaling the crowd with many a tale of the Master and of her own adventures in the wide world.  At first her words were met with stunned silence and then an angry murmur arose amongst the onlookers, starting with the original exiles from Paradise and soon consuming the entire company.  The girl finished her monologue and the King stood forth, “so has the child spoken.  If any are so moved to believe her nonsense, then by all means vanish with her from the Realm, for no such heretics will be welcomed here.  Anyone willing to go into exile for such tales?”  There was some murmuring but no one dared make their enthusiasm known.  Matt sighed and Kyan shook his head, apparently it was all in vain.  
A magpie, perched in a nearby tree, chirruped, “such things are never vain.  These wretched folk have now had their chance at Hope and none can now say they never knew.  The choice is theirs but the Truth is never spoken needlessly.”  
And then He was gone, even as Eden approached and said sadly to her friends, “I guess we had best be going before my father changes his mind and we find ourselves in worse trouble.”  They nodded grimly and shuddered at the cold and angry eyes watching them from the gathered crowd.  For the sake of her previous position, this foolishness was allowed, but it would not be tolerated much longer so they dared not linger.
Erian trotted up eagerly, rearing in excitement, “we had best be going.  The crowd grows unruly and I fear even your father’s love has already grown cold.”  
Suddenly another Pegassi appeared in the courtyard with Bayard astride him, saying, “I will escort Miss Eden home as you two have other errands to be about.”  Eden smiled her silent thanks to Matt and Kyan, before mounting the new Pegassi and vanishing just as suddenly.  With her disappearance, the crowd truly grew uneasy and Kyan wasted no time in mounting Erian and motioning for Matt to do likewise.  
Erian glanced back at Kyan, “have you gained weight?”  
Kyan grinned, “later, the crowd grows ugly.”  The Pegassi snorted and vanished, still wondering what he was missing.  They appeared in a pleasant meadow in the morning on an early summer day with the sun low on the horizon and the dew still thick upon the grasses.  As they slid from Erian’s back, Kyan said, “you once said you had no aversion to carrying a mortal man.  I hope that still applies.”  
Erian shook his head, “not again!”  
Kyan grinned sheepishly, “so it seems.  I am wont to wear flesh more often than not, but Eden is safe.”  
The Pegassi snorted, “that is the main thing I suppose.  Now what are we to accomplish here?”  
Kyan did not look excited, “we need to find Neeva.”  
Erian laid his ears back, “what can we have to do with her?”  
Matt sighed, “even she needs to know there is yet hope.”  
Erian shook his head, “it seems everyone, no matter how hard hearted is bound to hear the tale before we are finished.”  
The magpie winged overhead, “and that they must ere The End.”  
The three exchanged an amazed look, wondering how soon that might be and if it were even possible that all might hear the Truth one last time.  But each knew deep in their heart that things would be as they must and nothing was impossible for their Master.  With these humbling thoughts, they approached the small town nestled in the valley below.  
The entire village lay silent, even the wind seemed loath to disturb the charming scene in the vale, but both of the strangers felt an eerie chill as they descended and knew this was no natural silence but that inspired by utmost fear.  There was evil afoot and they were walking into the heart of it.  The peaceful town did not look to be the scene of such dread in the waxing day but the very stillness at an hour when most of the populace should be abroad upon their morning errands testified to the fact that something was dreadfully wrong.  Matt found himself following Kyan, who seemed to know instinctively where Neeva was to be found; he silently wondered what was wrong in such a quiet seeming place.  
They passed a large inn in the midst of town and then turned immediately down the adjacent alley, which was barely wide enough for two men abreast.  The smell of filth and moldering refuse filled their nostrils and the wan morning light barely reached into the depths of this manmade chasm in which dwelt their quarry.  “Be gone!” shrieked a desperate and possibly half mad female voice in the highest octave humanly possible, “leave me be!”  Kyan shook his head sadly, the stubborn girl had chosen her own fate but perhaps she might yet see reason.  Matt eyed him curiously and Kyan nodded that truly this was their destination and their quarry.
“I said be gone!” came the now frustrated voice, verging on hysteria.  A ragged figure crawled from a rough construct of cast off material that seemed to be its only shelter and made her menacing way towards these intruders into her squalid domain.  She gasped in horror and surprise when she finally discovered who her tormentors were.  Neeva was clad in rags, covered in filth, and seemed prouder and meaner than ever; she held herself as a queen though she be only Queen of Beggars.  She scoffed at the pair, “have I not suffered enough at your hands?  Be gone I say!”  
Kyan shook his head, “nay Lady, we must speak first ere we go.”  
She threw up her hands and laughed madly, “speak of what?  Your precious Master no doubt sent you to beg me to turn to Him?  I beg, but only for my supper!  I need nothing, and no one.  Your dear Master did this to me and I will have naught else to do with Him.  Now get lost ere I report you to those who would be most happy to ruin your life as you have ruined mine.”  
Matt said pleadingly, “can you not see what your pride has earned you?  Will you live like this and die a heretic and face far worse thereafter?”  
She drew herself up and growled, “you know nothing child!  You are but a deluded pawn and no true dragon.  I am more a dragon, even in this wretched state, than ever you will be.  Do not lecture me on eternity, you who have lived a mere handful of years!  Be gone!”  
Kyan said sadly, “we shall leave, but remember that there is always hope in the Master if you will but seek Him!”  She shrieked in a piercing key, covered her ears, and dashed between them and out of the alley, nearly trampling the men just now coming out of the inn.
“Watch yourself, wench!” growled the officer off of whom she had just bounced.  She paled in horror, for this was one of the Blackguard, and the leader of the band that had just the previous day descended upon the little hamlet and inspired the fear under which it now cowered.  
Her horror turned to malicious delight as she said, “I am sorry Sir, but I was just fleeing a pair of ruffians, but I am most delighted to see your Lordship, for this duo considers themselves very servants of the so-called Master and I feel it my duty, nay my delight, to report their heretical presence to your Lordship this very moment.”  
Tyne turned his eager eyes down the alleyway and tried to discern the identities of the two shadows yet lingering in the dim passage.  They were forced to go out the way they had come in, for there was no other exit from the narrow gap in which they found themselves.  “Come out you two else I shall send my men in to get you,” snapped Tyne.  Kyan emerged first, followed closely by Matt; all three blinked in astonishment to recognize one another.  
Neeva sneered, “the first is a vile traitor my Lord, the other is a distant relative and of little account to you or your dark master.”  
Tyne laughed darkly, “nay wench, they are both of very much interest to me.  The first because he should be dead; the second because he is rumored to be no man.  Seize the first; ware the second!”
Even as Tyne’s minions moved forward to do as their leader ordered, Neeva, realizing that she had betrayed one of her former kin, albeit an annoying servant of the Master, but still a dragon, shrieked, “nay Lord, he is nothing.  Leave him be.”  
Tyne sneered, “he shall be dealt with, as shall you if you do not leave me be.  I thank you for your assistance but your presence annoys me and it would be my greatest delight that you remove yourself immediately from my vicinity.”  
Erian, who had been standing nearby, acting the dimwitted horse, suddenly reared and made to intervene as they seized Kyan, but he shook his head firmly and the Pegassi quieted, though not without adamant signs of annoyance.  Matt growled, his eyes turning a fierce shade of red, “leave us ere you regret it.”  
“I think not,” came a new and much more sinister voice, “you may continue in your capture of the first.  The other shall be no threat.”  
All took a step back in dread to find themselves in the presence of a Wraith, but this did not forestall Matt from taking on his draconian form and preparing himself to fight for his friend, however the sound of galloping hooves and the lance suddenly piercing his breast ended his efforts quite suddenly.  Neeva shrieked in horror; Kyan and Erian exchanged a grim look while the minions of evil cheered all about them.  The knight that had struck the dragon down looked quite pleased with himself, though he had doubted the orders given to him only minutes ago by the Wraith that he was to ready himself to take on a dragon.
The poor beast lay in a growing puddle of its own blood, breathing raggedly.  Kyan, now firmly in the custody of the Blackguard, ordered Erian, “get Matt out of here!”  
The Pegassi reared, allowing his true visage to shine through, all gasped in terror and awe as the creature challenged, “what of you?”  
The Wraith taunted darkly, “what indeed?”  He laughed as he ran Kyan through the chest with his sword.  The boy fell gasping for breath while life ebbed, feeling something greater welling beneath, ready to burst forth when mortality finally failed.  
Kyan gasped, “Erian!  Get Matt to safety!”  
“What shall you do my poor little pony?” taunted the Wraith, “Choose ere you lose them both and perhaps yourself as well!”  
“No!” shrieked Neeva in horror at what she had wrought.  
Tyne backhanded her and she fell into darkness.  Erian looked frantically to Kyan, he could feel the boy fading and knew that soon he would be well able to handle this dreadful situation.  He looked then to the failing dragon and hesitated, how was he to rescue the poor creature?  The Wraith’s taunts continued as the frantic Pegassi made a step towards the fallen dragon, when all decision was taken from him.  Bayard appeared aback his faithful mount, and quicker than thought, they scooped up the wretched dragon and vanished.  
“A mere distraction,” laughed the Wraith, as he launched a dagger at the flummoxed Pegassi.  Erian could not fathom what the creature intended with so feeble a weapon, when horror and realization dawned.  He felt Kyan die even as the blade found its mark, and then all was pain and darkness.
Kyan felt his mortal shell fail, but that moment of helplessness was soon eclipsed by a resurgence of his former state, and he leapt to his feet with sword in hand, shining to shame the sun but a ball of dark fire from the Wraith soon extinguished Kyan and his hope of victory.  Before he vanished once more amidst the dark inferno, he saw Erian stumble and fall like a horse ridden to exhaustion, but he knew no more as the flames consumed him utterly.  

Tyne was aghast and agape at all that had so suddenly transpired.  He asked of the Wraith in awe and terror, “what has happened?  That boy should have been dead and by my hand!  What are these strange warriors and their glorious mounts?  What came of the dragon?”  
The Wraith snarled, “take the girl and the horse to Golcamoth and there let their fate be decided.  And yours.”  
Tyne gaped, “mine?”  
The monstrosity snorted, “if you truly wish to destroy such fiends, I suggest you fully dedicate yourself to our master’s service.  Now go!”  
Tyne trembled in terror but ordered his men to gather up the unconscious pair and make preparations to march into the utter West.  He barely counted the legends of that horrible place as real, but so they must be if a Wraith was ordering him to present himself and these strange captives thence.  What was so important about a horse and a beggar woman?  He knew better than to ask questions once orders had been given and could only hope the beast roused soon, for they could not set out until he did.
Erian soon came to himself, confused and sore but awake.  He found himself bound, but not so cruelly as he had experienced during his first bout with mortality.  He looked about himself and flinched to find the young captain towering over him and glaring intently at him as he awoke.  “Can you speak horse?” came the urgent voice.  
Erian drew himself ungracefully to his feet, shook the dust from his sorrel coat, and said quite patiently, “when I must.  What do you want?”  
Tyne laughed harshly, “we are ordered to Golcamoth and I hope you will cooperate, else it will be a rough journey.”  
Erian sighed, “I will do nothing to defy my Master but I will come quietly along, as there is no alternative.”  
“Good,” sneered the boy, “and you will bear your fellow prisoner.”  
Erian cocked his head in confusion as Neeva was pushed forward, very nearly under his nose.  She groused, “unhand me, you fiends.”  
Erian shook his head sadly, “alas madam, we must travel together once more and again it shall be no pleasure to either of us.  Shall we go?”  
She turned on Erian and hissed, “your Master condemns you to such an existence and yet you remain true?”  
The horse snorted, “and what are a few days or years compared to Eternity?  I shall endure this present trial as long as I must and await the day when I am restored to myself.”  
She shook her head grimly, “at least you have such a hope.  I shall always be wretched as you see me now.”  
Erian shook his head, “none are wretched, at least not forever, whose hope is in the Master.”  
She growled as she swung aback the great horse, “this I very much doubt.”   Tyne shook his head in consternation but was content to at last be underway.  Perhaps he would learn more of the story upon the journey thence.

The River again doused the fiery Messenger and he crawled gratefully to its bank; as he pulled himself to his feet, Kyan noticed a Pegassi appear slightly upstream, but it was not Erian.  The glorious creature knelt beside the River, allowing Bayard to unload the quickly fading Matt.  Instinctively, Kyan took a bowl he did not even know he had, and drew water from the River and splashed it over the wounded dragon.  The creature sighed in relief and began to show a resurgence of life as his breathing normalized and his anguished visage took on the peacefulness of sleep.  
Matt’s eyes fluttered open and he glanced around in wonder, “that was not pleasant.”  He shakily stood, stretched, and inspected himself.  Once satisfied he turned to his rescuer and said, “thank you.”  
Bayard grinned, “my pleasure, especially since I tried to wound you likewise upon our first meeting.”  
Matt laughed, “then I suppose we are even.”  He frowned at Kyan, “I thought you were…indisposed?”  
Kyan smiled, “that Wraith made short work of me right after his minions finished with you.”  
Matt frowned, “then that wretched dagger is useful again?”  
Kyan shook his head in mystification, “I am not so sure.  Erian is not here and I saw him collapse just before my own departure.  I did not think that vile weapon effective against the Pegassi but what else could explain it?”  
“You have the right of it,” said Garren, suddenly alighting from his own mount, “the pair of you seems determined ever to keep that weapon out of the Enemy’s service.  I do not think it has ever been used against one of the Pegassi but if it can be used against the rest of us, why not them?  It seems at last that the Road might avail you.”
Kyan frowned in confusion, “I do not understand.”  
Bayard snorted, “I thought we were at the mercy of that strange byway rather than it availing itself to us.”  
Garren smiled, “once you have joined the Messengers, the Road no longer has any hold over or danger for us.  It travels when and where it pleases or in Kyan’s case, whenever and wherever he is wont to be.  In the absence of a Pegassi, it is the best way for us to get where we need to be.”  
Kyan smiled weakly, “am I ever to have a normal mission?”  
Garren laughed, “there has been nothing normal about your situation from the first.  Why expect anything to be normal now?  Especially when there is no such thing as normal for a Messenger anyway!”  
Kyan smiled wholeheartedly, “that was a silly question, especially for me!  Farewell my friends!”  With that, he vanished down a path that had suddenly appeared before him and just as quickly vanished once he had set foot upon it.  The others exchanged an amused look before vanishing themselves upon their own pressing errands.

The Road carried Kyan quickly to wherever it was he was supposed to be.  One moment he knew himself to be on that ever mutable path and suddenly he was again in the mortal sphere   and beheld a much grimmer part of the world than he had ever seen before.  Jagged black peaks filled the horizon as the westering sun made to set; all about him was a rocky plain upon which grew coarse grass and every sort of weed that stung or bore thorns.  The lights of a grim little village twinkled in the distance and Kyan felt himself drawn towards that dismal outpost.  He knew without asking that he was near the western border of the world and nearby must be the Wretched Lands, wherein the Dark One ruled unchallenged.  Kyan shivered, and if this miserable land were any indication of what that grim place must be like, his Fell Majesty was welcome to it indeed.  
He hastened to the little hamlet and found it to be anything but welcoming.  The miserable little inn, or more accurately hovel, was lit only by two fitful torches and filled with smoke from the wretched lights and the denizens’ pipes.  The aforementioned denizens were a motley crew of scoundrels, villains, and ne’er-do-wells who eyed the newcomer with interest.  This veritable boy would not be so eager to walk into such a den of evil so nonchalantly again.  They eyed him expectantly but he said nothing, found a quiet corner, and drew further back into the shadows.  A second stranger soon appeared at the door, but this one seemed far less intent on vanishing into the shadows and much more world-weary than the bright-eyed boy that had previously drawn their attention.
Without preamble, the man made his way to the empty hearth and held forth with such stories as astonished even these hardened reprobates, but whether it was the stories he told or his temerity for telling them in such a place, something so astonished his audience that none spoke or even moved for a full half hour.  Finally the tavern owner threw an empty mug at the Wanderer and scowled, “we’ll have none of your heresy here man!  Do you want the Dark Lord’s wrath to fall upon all of us?”  
The old man only shook his head sadly and said, “even your dark hearts are now offered one last chance at hope.  What matters the wrath of a defeated foe?  Your Dread Master may rule with an iron fist now but soon his reign will come to naught and all his followers with him.  Seize upon the True Master and save yourselves an Eternity of such misery.  Ware, for the last hour of the world is come, so that even in this dark corner of the earth, the light will come but briefly ere unfaithful hearts are cast forever into the Rift.”  
This outburst caused the once silent audience to burst into sudden movement to seize or destroy the infidel, but the door burst open and a company of the Blackguard marched in, interrupting their attempt.  The innkeeper ducked behind the counter and shrieked, “seize this heretic, brave soldiers and spare us his prattling!”  
A grim smile grew on their leader’s face as his men seized the fool and then he glanced around the squalid chamber and motioned for his men to seize Kyan as well, who had been peering intently out of the shadows, watching as the drama unfolded.  The captain had glimpsed the curious youth and deemed him no hardened scoundrel and thus a stranger in these forsaken lands.  Kyan could have easily evaded capture but he allowed himself to be hauled along, for thence lay his errand.  Much to the relief of all the inn dwellers, the two strangers were hauled away ere the man’s remarkable words could work their way deeper into their hardened and uneasy hearts wherein they might cause real change.  The captain had hoped for a night’s rest and carousal but instead he would have to interrogate his prisoners.  The man was obviously one of those revolting Wanderers but what was he doing this far west?  The boy he took for some adventurous but misguided youth who had foolishly wandered where most feared to tread.  He decided to begin with the weathered teller of tales.  
When asked who he was and why he was so close to the Lands of Death, the Wanderer replied, “hence I was bidden and thus have I come.  Even here, in the last hour of the world, the Light will make one last attempt to shine.”  
The grim captain laughed, “know you not that your doom is at hand old man?”  
The man smiled deeply, “what matters my meager life when Time itself is about to unravel?  Ware for your own soul my Lord ere you rue it forever.”  
Tyne slapped the fool and ordered his men to drag him away.  He then turned his eyes upon the boy, whom he did not recognize as Kyan but only saw a bright eyed youth some years younger than himself.  Tyne asked of the young adventurer, “and what is your foolish tale lad?  Have you come seeking my Dark Master or are you simply a fool who has wandered well away from the paths trodden by wiser men?”  
Kyan shrugged, “I have no interest in your foul master and my feet have carried me where they must.”  
Tyne laughed grimly, “will you change your mind boy ere we set foot in Golcamoth?  Your death shall be wretched indeed unless you turn to my master and forsake all others.”  
The boy only shook his head, “it will be as it must.”  
The two new prisoners were bound hand and foot and left in the company of the prisoners that had accompanied this troop of evil minions halfway across the world.  Neeva frowned when she saw that she must share what little space they spared her with two strange men; Erian perked up immensely when he recognized Kyan, though Neeva seemed completely oblivious to his true identity.  The Wanderer looked grimly at his fellow captives, especially at the horse.  
Erian whinnied a quiet laugh at the unasked question of the elder man, “why would they keep a horse captive you might ask?  An excellent question, almost as good a question as why he can talk in the first place?  But one day you may perhaps know all, but for now that is a secret known only to a few.”  
The man hid his surprise well and asked of the lady, “how come you to be in such strange company my dear?”  
Neeva snarled, “it is all the Master’s fault of course.  And never will I forgive him!”  
The man turned his attention to the boy, “and what is your strange tale?”  
Kyan grinned, “no stranger than those you told at the inn Sir.  But I fear it will grow stranger yet as it continues to unfold.”  
The man shook his head in wonder, “this will be the strangest tale of all I think.”  
The others crawled as far apart as their bonds would allow and tried to sleep.  Kyan struggled to approach Erian but a grim look from the man guarding them stayed his efforts, and he contented himself with a broad smile and a wink, which did much to encourage the poor beast, who had had experienced very little of a positive nature since their parting some weeks ago.  With that, he drifted to sleep and left Kyan to watch the night and wonder what the morning might bring.
Morning, if it could be called that, was a fitful thing: wan light and a chill wind did little to rouse the groggy or lift the spirits, and as they trudged further into Enemy territory it only grew worse.  Neeva was made to walk and the old man allowed to ride, that he might not slow their progress.  This soured the despondent girl even more; she vowed to have revenge upon those who had made her fall so far.  About midday, the company stopped and awaited the coming of a dark emissary of the Evil One.  The creature drew rein some distance from the Blackguard and dismounted, that his mount not frighten the horses of those he had come to meet.  The reptilian creature waited for its master’s return; its eyes glowed red like live coals and occasionally it hissed in impatience but otherwise stood still and silent as a statue.  The Wraith approached the company and the soldiers drew back in terror.  Tyne stood his ground, though he trembled with the effort as the monstrosity approach.  
The creature hissed, “so you have made it and with all your prisoners too.”  It eyed the two newcomers and snarled, “what are you doing with these?”  
Tyne’s voice quavered as he said, “the old man is a heretic and foolish enough to spread his nonsense abroad within the very shadow of Golcamoth.  The boy is likewise a fool and discovered in the same inn.”  
“Fortuitous,” snarled the Wraith, “I do not believe in luck.  There is something not right here; this is the Master’s meddling if ever I heard of it.  You will go no further until I have dealt with your captives.  Bring the newcomers.”  The old man and the boy were prodded forward by their captors, until they stood before the Wraith, who snarled, “you fools will not meddle in things far beyond you.  What is your purpose here?”  The Wanderer shrugged and Kyan grinned insolently, but neither spoke.  The Wraith growled menacingly, “there are other ways to discover who and what you are.”  A ball of red flame soon engulfed the pair, to the horror of all watching.  There was no trace of the Wanderer but Kyan stood unsinged before them.  The Wraith cackled darkly, “as I thought.  When will you quit meddling boy?”  All who knew the boy could now readily identify him, for their eyes were no longer darkened.  
Neeva scowled, “that seems to be his lot in life.”  
Tyne said in astonishment, “how many times can one man die?”  
The Wraith laughed grimly, “as many as he must.  Stand aside wretch, for you cannot interfere in what is to come.”  
Kyan shook his head, “truly spoken, I can only beg those about to commit themselves fully to evil to reconsider their foolish intentions ere they rue it for eternity.”
The Wraith turned first to Neeva and said not ungently, “child, you have suffered much at the hands of the Master and his wretched servants.  Will you be what you once were, save even more powerful?”  
Neeva’s heart swelled hopefully within her, “is that possible?”  
The Wraith said eagerly, “aye, my master will restore all you have lost and more.”  
She nodded, “what must I do?”  
He smiled, though there was no warmth in it, “dedicate yourself irrevocably to my master.”  
She smiled distastefully but said, “if it must be so, I am willing.”  
Kyan said quietly, “Neeva, you will doom your soul!”  
She sneered, “it is doomed already, at least let me have a few years of glory before I die.”  
The Wraith then turned to Erian, “and what of you my fine steed?  Do you wish to spend the rest of your miserable life pulling a plow or will you bear my master’s servants into battle?”  
Erian snorted in disgust, “better to pull a plow than bear such minions of evil.  Do with me as you wish but spare me your foolish notions of grandeur.”  
The Wraith snarled, “so be it.  You shall be naught but a mule all the rest of your days and doomed forever to darkness thereafter.”  Erian snorted in amused disbelief as the Wraith turned to Tyne, “and what of you?  Would you give yourself fully to our master that you gain the ability to destroy such creatures as your old friend here?”  
Tyne said eagerly, “that is my greatest desire.”  Kyan shook his head sadly but knew he could do nothing, for each soul must choose its own fate.
The vile creature turned to Neeva and said, “walk straight west for a full day and cross the border between this world and my master’s, and he shall restore that which you have lost.”  She smiled eagerly and set off as quickly as she could, eager to regain her own.  
The Wraith turned to Tyne, and with rites unspeakable, stripped him of his mortality and brought forth another undead servant of evil.  The fledgling Hunter turned grim eyes upon his old nemesis and upon the strange mortal horse.  The beast in its natural form was quite a spectacle to behold, it spoke boldly but perhaps its words were all show.  He made to leap upon the noble beast, but Erian reared and bucked so that Tyne could not gain a seat.  Angered by the wretched beast, he lashed out in wrath and struck the horse dead where he stood.  
The Wraith snarled, “fool!  You are as useless as your friend over there and to him I leave you.”  The creature stalked away, remounted his beast, and rode back in the direction from whence he had come.  
Shocked momentarily at the Wraith’s reaction to his own impetuous deed, it took Tyne a moment to realize the horse no longer lay where it had fallen.  Instead, Erian stood shining like the sun, joyfully reunited with Kyan, who quickly leapt aback his long sundered friend and charged the neophyte Hunter.  Tyne snarled, “at last I shall destroy you once and for all!”  
Erian rolled his eyes, “how little these wretched creatures truly understand!”  
The Hunter afoot was no match for this foe and was soon vanquished with one swift stroke.  The terrified men that composed Tyne’s company cowered before this brilliant warrior and his shining steed.  Kyan turned to the terrified men and said gently, “do not be fools like your late captain.  You yet have time to abandon your evil and seek the Master!”  
They exchanged one last look of terror, with perhaps just a hint of hope, and ran east as fast as their legs could move.  The light suffusing the pair dimmed to a mere glimmer and then vanished, leaving a rather plain looking man and his equally drab horse standing alone on those bitter plains.  They were not alone long however, for with a great thud and cloud of dust, Matt landed nearby and once more in human visage, wandered over to his old friends.  They greeted one another warmly and then Matt sighed grimly, “she is really going through with it?”  
Kyan nodded, “even as we speak, she is nearly running west.  It is only a matter of time.”  
Matt shook his head, “I have just returned from speaking with the dragons of the north and they received me even less warmly than Eden’s folk welcomed her.” 
Erian snorted, “I am not sorry to have missed that audience.”  
Matt smiled ironically, “you two would have made my mission well-nigh impossible!  I cannot imagine anyone the dragons would like to see less than Kyan here!  They still boast of his horrendous end in the Rift!”  He sobered, “it was a grim enough task as it was.  Will no one listen?”  
Kyan put a comforting arm around his friend, “all must choose for themselves and pride shall be the downfall of many.  But you were once yourself a heretic.”  
Matt brightened slightly, “and if there is hope for me then I suppose there is hope for everyone.  Come, we had best hasten after Neeva before she wreaks havoc among mortal men.”  
Erian cocked his head, “what is to be done about an evil dragon?  I am sure Kyan cannot overcome such a monster.”  
Matt said grimly, “that task will fall to me and even the River will not be able to draw me back.”  Kyan looked at his friend in alarm.  Matt shook his head, “I volunteered for this mission and knew full well the cost ere I set out.  We’ll meet again on a brighter morning my friends, one upon which the shadow of evil is no more.  But come, let us keep company together while we may.”  They set out at a leisurely pace, for they trailed a mortal woman afoot and it would be too easy to overtake her.  They meant to catch her upon the border if she went through with this last foul rite.  Night came with bitter cold followed by a dismal dawn, or it would have had they not been standing on the very verge of endless night.  
A grim line stood before them and across it, all was dark and such horror and sorrow poured out of it that Kyan was immediately minded of the Rift.  There stood Neeva upon the brink.  She cast one last longing glance back at the mortal world, remembered all her sorrow and pain, then leapt across the terminator.  Unlike the Rift, out of which Nothing came, this darkness occasionally yielded up its victims but never the same as when they went willingly in.  The darkness spat up an immense black dragon with evil and triumph roiling in its fiery eyes.  
Matt wasted no time, assuming his draconian guise, he winged his way up and clamped his teeth firmly upon the monster’s throat like a rat upon a mastiff.  Neeva tore at the miniscule dragon that clung desperately to her vulnerable throat, doing terrible damage to poor Matt but yet he hung on.  She fought desperately, for what were merely minutes but what seemed a lifetime, and then with a great, strangled groan she tumbled into the darkness, which this time consumed her utterly.  Upon the very verge of her triumph, she met her final defeat.  
The toppling monster created such a groan and trembling of the earth that Kyan felt certain the whole world would tear itself asunder; he was not far wrong.  His great schemes for this new slave destroyed, the lord of that dread land roused all his servants, human and otherwise, to make an end of all that was good and true and beautiful, once and for all.  The void belched forth a cloud of equal darkness that went forth and covered the sun and sky, casting all into uneasy night with no comfort of moon or stars.  Wherever they were, his dedicated servants felt the need to kill and destroy all in their path.  
Fires were set, swords were unsheathed, and the world was soon to be soaked in blood.  Or would have been had these plans not also been hindered.  As the day gave place to starless night, Kyan and Erian felt themselves suddenly drawn elsewhere, as were all those dedicated heart and soul to the Master, mortal and otherwise.  The horde of darkness went forth from the West and was met by a great and mighty throng from the East with the Master at their head.  Mortal men suddenly found themselves either marching for the powers of darkness or joining the armies of Light.  There really was no great battle, for as a light effortlessly and suddenly drives away the shadows, so too did this Light when it suddenly came upon the world.  The shadows, the dark, the evil, were all driven away and swallowed whole by the Rift, which then swallowed itself, and more was never heard about such things, but what came after made fabled Paradise seem quite dull by comparison.   



Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog

Sample Chapter from ‘Captain of Shadow:’

Chapter 1:

Prince Vayel sat his horse and smiled broadly as he surveyed the wide green land that spread out in all its bounteous splendor before him, for one day, all of this would be his.  Sighing contentedly, he turned his horse and carefully made his way down the precarious trail that led to the ridge from which he had just surveyed the realm of Adora, of which his father was King and he the crown Prince.  His heart, buoyant with the immortal joy of unspoiled youth and the hope of a bright future before him, he kicked his gelding to a cantor and turned towards home.  He had not gone far when the baying of hounds, the thunder of hooves, and the strident cry of a hunting horn broke the spell.  Wishing rather to gallop all the way home with none the wiser, he dutifully reined in his horse and allowed the hunting party to catch up, not surprised to see his cousin Flinn at the very heart of the mayhem, and from the way he swayed in his saddle and laughed insipidly at the least provocation, he was drunk as well, another fact that was far from surprising.
“Well, well,” giggled the noble youth, “if it isn’t my uptight, no nonsense cousin!  Finally taking a moment away from all your pressing and vital duties to actually enjoy the day?”  He smiled broadly at his companions, who were neither quite so brash nor so thoroughly inebriated as to dare making fun of such a personage as the Crown Prince.  Finding no help from that quarter, he returned his attention to his obviously vexed cousin, “aren’t you always lecturing me on how much of a waste just such activities are?”
The Prince said quietly, “a quiet ride in the country is a far cry from the spectacles you are wont to indulge in.”
“Spectacles!” squawked Flinn with a lopsided smile, “you hear that me lads!  I told you we was a sight to behold and here’s one as agrees with me no end!”  He hiccupped and was lost for a moment in mirth at some private joke, then sobering slightly, he saluted flamboyantly and said in parting, “let us not detain you then, my good sir, for we have more spectacle...spectaclating...spectulating....to do!”  He laid in his heels and the entire company had soon vanished amidst the woodland shadows.
Vayel shook his head sadly and continued his journey home, wondering what would come of such a dissolute lad; he had so much potential but squandered it on vain entertainments and drowned it in drink.  But the world was bright about him, as was the future before him, and even his cousin’s obnoxious insouciance could not long spoil his mood.  With a lighter heart, he continued on his way.  His horse snorted suddenly, stopping of his own accord, ears pricked and looking uneasily up the path.  Vayel frowned in consternation, but slid from his saddle, hand on his sword hilt, but drawn inexorably in the direction of whatever it was that had discomfited the horse.  He sighed in wonder, his hand falling away from his weapon even as he dropped to his knees in awe and no little fear.
“Walk with me, child,” came the gentle voice.  The boy was on his feet in a moment and walking silently beside the Great Unicorn, as He continued, “you are blessed with much.”  The boy nodded and He continued, “and you find great joy and contentment therein.”  The boy smiled wanly, wondering where his Master was going with this particular line of thought.  Suddenly the Unicorn stopped and turned to look upon the boy, who dropped to his knees in sudden, dreadful anticipation.  “What if you were to lose it all?” came the awful question.  The boy shuddered and He continued, “your beloved father, your reputation, the crown, even your life?”  The boy’s eyes were wide with terror, but He had not finished, “and all for the sake of one whose actions you despise above all else?”
Vayel shuddered, studying the leaf litter for a moment, and then glanced up uneasily into those fathomless eyes; he gasped in wonder and dread at the love and sorrow written therein even as his gaze fell upon the ever bleeding wound in His side, said he in a barely audible whisper, but had he said nothing at all, still He would have heard it, said the boy, “if it must be so, I will endure what I must, as You have endured far worse for my sake and that of all mankind.”  He looked up with pleading eyes, “does this mean there is hope for him?  That he will find meaning and purpose at last?  That he will use the gifts You have given him for the good of others?”
The Unicorn shook his head sadly, “there are no guarantees child, not where a human will is concerned.  He will certainly have every chance of making that choice, but it is his decision alone; I will not force My will upon him.”
Vayel sighed heavily, “then it could all be for naught.”
“Yes,” said the Unicorn sadly, glancing significantly at His own bleeding side, “there are many for whom the ultimate sacrifice is still not sufficient cause to look beyond themselves for purpose, direction, and meaning.”
The boy said in dismay, “but if this must be, what of the Kingdom?”
The Unicorn shook His great head, “nay child, that is not your concern.  You must accomplish the task that is set before you and trust the rest to Me.  I work all things together for good, though mortal minds cannot fathom it at the time, or even in long years afterward.  It will one day make sense, but for now, you must have faith.”
The boy looked up to ask another question, but it died on his lips, for the Unicorn was gone.  He stood slowly, his boyish enthusiasm forgotten, as if he were suddenly a very old man looking upon a looming winter that would never again yield to Spring’s bright caress, but a strange determination and courage had risen in his heart, knowing he must face the unthinkable yet knowing somehow, despite everything, in the end he would triumph, or rather his Master would, and in that, he took great comfort.  He returned to his horse, climbed into the saddle, and set off at a thoughtful walk.

“Oh, Highness!” came the aggrieved voice as Vayel rode into the courtyard of the castle, “you have returned at last!  The unthinkable has happened and we feared you too had somehow been caught up in this disaster, for your father the King,” the Steward stopped to take a deep, steadying breath before continuing, “your father is dead.”
The Prince’s eyes were wide and he nearly fell from his saddle in shock, though he had had warning of that which was to come, for he loved his father dearly; he was a great and gracious King, unrivaled in the history of Adora yet also the best of fathers, at least in Vayel’s opinion.  He bowed his head, offering up a hasty prayer for strength, and then shakily slid from his horse, said he quietly, “what happened?”
The Steward shook his head gravely, “we do not know.  He was in the best of spirits this morning, attending to his duties with his usual vigor, but after the noon meal, he withdrew to his chambers, begging illness.  When his valet went to waken him some hours later, he found him dead in his bed.  You too were missing at the time and near panic set in, but your uncle, the King’s brother, gravely called us all to order and said he would personally investigate the matter and that a patrol should be sent out to find you with all haste.  We have been anxiously watching and waiting ever since.”
Vayel shook his head, “these are grave tidings indeed, sir.  What is to come of the Crown?  I am not yet old enough, according to our laws, to ascend the throne?”
The Steward said rather hesitantly, “your uncle shall reign in your stead, until you are of age, and then it shall pass to you.”
“Very well,” said Vayel slowly, “could it have been murder?”
The Steward’s eyes widened and he glanced anxiously at the various occupants of the courtyard as Vayel suddenly understood that he should not have spoken such aloud in a public venue, for there would be rumors enough without him adding fuel to the fire.  Said the Steward quietly, “we know little thus far.”
Vayel brightened marginally, “what of my father’s Advisor from Astoria?  Certainly his wisdom would be of great value in this crisis.”
The Steward shook his head, “we cannot find him.  He vanished even more precipitously than you, at least none have seen him leave the castle proper, whereas a few guards and servants knew you were off riding in the woods.  It is all very disturbing and mysterious.”
“Of a certainty,” said the Prince with a frown, “I must speak to my uncle.”
The Steward shook his head, “it is not to be, Sire.  He wished to be apprised of your safe return but said he would be far too busy to speak with you this day, but he promised to summon you for an audience the first chance thereafter.”
“So there is nothing for me to do?  No service I could render?” asked Vayel in growing dismay, at least if he were busy about some needful task, perhaps the dreadful ache growing in his heart would not be near so noticeable.
The Steward said morosely, “I fear not Highness, save to mourn the loss of so great a man.”
And there was nothing to be done, at least by the Crown Prince, for the next three days thereafter, though the rest of the palace population was fairly busy with funeral preparations and the like.  His uncle’s investigation had turned up nothing, neither had the various doctors and apothecaries been able to discern the cause of death, so in due course, the King was buried and still the Regent had not spoken with his nephew, who could do naught but wander the corridors aimlessly or sit for hours on end in the library, a book forgotten in his lap.  Still the King’s Advisor did not appear, and the boy felt utterly alone and forgotten; worse, he knew this was only the beginning of terrible things to come.  His cousin on the other hand, went his way as blithely as ever, thoroughly enjoying the festivities and chaos surrounding a royal funeral but otherwise oblivious to the grievous blow that had been dealt to both the Kingdom as a whole and Vayel in particular.
As he sat in his chair in the abandoned library the night after the burial, gazing morosely into the fire, Vayel wondered if he had the heart to endure what was to come.  It all seemed so surreal and courageous, like something in one of the old tales, at least when in the Master’s very presence, but now that he was in the midst of it, he felt so small and frail and alone.  But he was not alone, and as he suddenly looked upon that awful Presence, he knew nothing more or perhaps was nothing more.  
He blinked groggily back to consciousness and glanced about him in dismay, wondering where he was.  It was completely dark, he stood suddenly and fell just as precipitously with a cry of pain, tentatively reaching a hand up to feel that on which he had nearly cracked his skull.  He felt a slanting roof of weathered wood and then sneezed violently, as his movements stirred up the dusty hay on which he lay.  With a grim smile, he had a very good idea where he was, but why and how?  Carefully, he crawled out of the forgotten loft, wherein he and his cousin had spent many happy hours as children, their parents being blissfully unaware of their unseemly antics, but so familiar was the hayloft in the old stable that he easily found his way down, even in the utter dark.  Shakily, he set both his feet on the ground and leant heavily against the rough hewn and partially rotten wood of the walls.  He took a deep breath and a small step, repeating the process until he stood at last in the courtyard under all the stars of heaven.  He marveled at their stark beauty for a moment before the world was all darkness once more.
He awoke with a headache, not induced solely by his encounter with the stable roof, and groaned as he rolled into a sitting position.  He opened his eyes and stared directly into the horrified face of one of his father’s guardsmen.  He frowned and glanced about, wondering what could precipitate the man’s look of utter disgust and shock.  Vayel’s face was suddenly a perfect imitation of the guard’s, for the missing man from Astoria lay in a pool of his own blood, his throat cut, not an arm’s length from the horrified boy, and only then did Vayel realize he clutched a bloody dagger in his own hand.  The blackness was immediately upon him once more.
He awoke to find a half dozen of his father’s guards gathered around him, their captain splashing cold water on the boy’s face, trying to rouse him from his faint.  As he blinked back to the horrifying reality that was his life at that moment, the guard asked, “what happened here?”  The boy shook his head, unable to speak in shock and horror and confusion; the man had been a friend and mentor, to lose him so soon after his father’s death only added salt to the gaping wound that was his heart.  “I’m afraid we’ll have to take this matter to the Regent immediately, Sire,” said the uneasy guardsman, “I hope you won’t make a fuss?”
The boy gaped, they thought he was responsible for this despicable deed!  He sighed heavily and shook his head morosely, allowing them to lift him to his feet and get him settled on a horse.  They likewise loaded up the dead man and returned to the castle as fast as their prisoner and grim burden would allow.  
The Regent paced before them in dismay, occasionally glancing at Vayel in horror and disgust, “where have we failed you?  How could you have gone so wrong?”
Vayel frowned, speaking at last, “of what do you speak, Sir?”
His uncle spitted him with a furious glare, “blood magic!  Do not dare feign ignorance!  You will be the ruin of the entire Kingdom, a Kingdom which would have been rightfully yours had you but waited for your father to die naturally, rather than viciously cutting short his life with your vile sorcery!”
Vayel gaped, “how can you make such an accusation, Sir?”
The Regent shook his head, in grave disappointment, “you are covered in the evidence.  You were caught in the very act.  How else would you explain your father’s mysterious death?”
Vayel’s shoulders slumped as he studied the guards, courtiers, and servants standing in the courtyard about him, nodding slowly or exchanging grim, knowing looks with their fellows.  He did not know what had happened, but he had no evidence to the contrary, though he knew the accusations were utterly false, he had no way to prove it and it seemed the court had already accepted his uncle’s grim view of things.  Thus perished his reputation and all hope of ever gaining the crown, all he had left to him was his life, and that too his uncle seemed intent on stripping away as soon as possible.
Said the Regent in grim finality, “the punishment for such grievous crimes can only be death, only thereby may we spare the Kingdom from the Master’s incumbent wrath.”  He smiled slightly in cruel glee, “of course we will have to make it a public execution and a grisly one at that, as befits treason of this magnitude.”
Vayel suddenly straightened and glared at his uncle, he might be a dead man, but he would not go quietly to his grave, “I will appeal my case to the Lady of Astoria.”
The Regent looked rather surprised at this sudden outburst from the condemned, but shrugged as if it mattered little, “let it be as you wish it, it is your right after all.  Flinn!”
The Regent’s only child crept out of the crowd of courtiers and quavered, “yes, Sire?”
“You will take this villain to Astoria and see that justice is done,” growled the Regent.  He turned to the guardsman that had discovered the ghastly scene, “accompany the Prince and the prisoner to Astoria, Captain.”  With a final glare for Vayel, he turned suddenly on his heel and marched into the castle, leaving all and sundry to gape like stranded fish.
Flinn gave his cousin an irate frown, “just like you to continue ruining my fun!”
Vayel gaped, “my father has just died mysteriously and I am condemned to death for the murder of a man I held almost as dear and all you can do is grouse about your spoiled pleasantries?”
Flinn shrugged uneasily, “why should I care or be so ill used?  It has nothing to do with me!”
Vayel said gravely, “with me and my father out of the way, you are next in line for the crown, thus it involves you deeply, whether you would or not.”
Flinn mouthed an astonished ‘oh,’ and then turned his consternation into a hasty order to begin preparations to leave.  The guardsmen and servants scattered in every direction while the courtiers stood off to the side and whispered eagerly amongst themselves.  The captain stood beside Flinn, a length of rope in his hands, “shall we bind him, Sire?”
Flinn blanched at both the new title and the responsibilities inherent therein and said anxiously, “do as you think you must, Captain.”  He stalked off towards the stable, hoping to escape all such entanglements for a few moments, uneasy with so much responsibility so suddenly thrust upon him.  Vayel sighed sadly at his cousin’s retreating back and then offered his hands to the stymied captain that he might bind them, as he seemed to think necessary.
They were off well before midday, Flinn slouching in his saddle and grumbling under his breath, apparently sulking at the dreadful reality in which he now found himself while Vayel felt a strange sort of peace settle upon him, knowing all would soon be over, one way or another.  The guards rode ahead of and behind the cousins, glancing uneasily amongst themselves, unsure what they thought of the entire situation but doing their duty as best they could.  Either the former prince was a traitor of the worst sort or justice had been grievously denied him, either way, they were quite discomfited by their predicament and the new prince did nothing to relieve them of their apprehension.
So did the disconsolate little party travel, lost in their own thoughts and misgivings, wondering what would come of the matter when at last the Lady passed judgment.  The courtiers watched them ride off with malicious smiles and gloating sneers whilst the townsfolk watched with grim eyes, wondering what was to come of the Kingdom itself in such a circumstance.  Vayel was very glad when the woods closed in around them and hid them from curious and speculative eyes.  Strangely, Flinn was the one who seemed to be wrestling with the inevitability of the situation rather than the one condemned to death.  Hardly a word was spoken between any of them on the entire interminable journey.
At last, Astoria lay before them and all rejoiced at the sight thereof, hoping it would yield answers that weeks of constant worry and contemplation had not.  The captain of the guard announced their business at the castle gates, seeing as how the Prince would not or perhaps could not, for he was nearly catatonic as he continued to mull over this disturbing shift in his destiny.  The Lady saw them immediately and heard their various stories, at least from Vayel and the guardsman, Flinn took little interest in the proceedings.  At last, the Lady withdrew with several of her advisors and said grimly, “the evidence is both condemning yet highly circumstantial!  Can we condemn the boy to death as easily as his uncle has done?”
Jared shook his head gravely, “you have not said all, my Lady, nor asked him directly if he committed this grievous crime.”
She frowned at him and his seeming ability to read her mind, “I have no choice in the matter; the boy must die, regardless.”
Jared nodded, “my thoughts exactly.”
Her frown became thoughtful, “there is more to this than I yet realize, isn’t there?”
Jared smiled grimly, “far more than any of us can yet comprehend, my Lady.”
She nodded, “do what you must.”  He bowed deeply and they returned to the main audience chamber, those gathered therein impatiently awaiting the verdict.  Said she heavily, “I must condemn you to death.”  The boy bowed his head in simple acceptance while his cousin took the news as if it were his own sentence, slumping dejectedly into a chair and refusing even to look up.  She turned to Jared and nodded, “and the sentence will be carried out immediately.”  The boy nodded and allowed the servant and one of the Brethren to lead him away.  Flinn did not even look up as he passed.  The guard watched him go with stony contempt and then turned to attend to his aggrieved lord.
They led him to the furthest corner of the dungeons and he knelt with his head over the block as the axe was raised, said a strangely jubilant voice as the axe fell, “this is only the beginning lad.”  As it found its mark, an awful light filled the grim little room, obliterating all therein.  The axe fell to the floor with a sharp clang as the hands that held it vanished along with its intended victim.

Chapter 2:

“My life is over!” bemoaned Prince Flinn as the captain of his guard approached, concern on his face, the comment causing him to frown slightly in consternation, but the grimace was just as quickly hidden.  “Now all hope is lost,” said he morosely as Vayel was led away, “I had hoped the Lady would grant him a reprieve, and then we could all go home and things could get back to normal.  What am I to do with all this responsibility that has been thrust upon me?”
The captain said cautiously, “it is not my place to either question or advise you Sire, unless you specifically ask me for such, but it would seem to me that this place is ideal for learning just that.”
The Prince slumped back into his chair and groaned, “an education?!  What fun is there in that?”
The guard suddenly drew back and bowed deeply, causing the Prince to sit up straight and glance in the direction the anxious guard was looking, only to see the Lady herself approaching the distraught Prince.  He hastily shot to his feet and offered her a clumsy courtesy, wondering exactly what degree of formality was required from a person of his rank to hers under the prevailing circumstances, Vayel would know, but the fool was probably dead by now, some help he was!  She studied him for a very long moment with her far too keen eyes, making Flinn feel a mouse under a hawk’s gaze, at last she spoke quietly, “what is happening in Adora, Sire?  Might we be of assistance?  You seem quite ill at ease yourself, but I suppose such a fate befalling your cousin and uncle in quick succession must be unpleasant indeed.”
Unpleasant?  For whom, him?  He frowned at this thought, he supposed he should feel a little sympathy on their behalf, but he had enough problems of his own to worry about that wasting pity on dead men seemed rather pointless.  He said slowly, “I don’t know if you can help me or not, for you see, the thing that most troubles me is that now that my father is King, I am heir to the throne and all that responsibility is not something I want.  It was quite unfair of my uncle to go and die suddenly and even worse of my cousin to go meddling in things that could get him killed.  I don’t know what to do!”
The Lady frowned, “it all seems rather suspicious to me.  Perhaps I should send one of my servants to investigate these mysterious happenings, and until we know your father isn’t involved in anything nefarious, perhaps you had best remain here, Highness.  You need not attend classes or formally enroll as a Student if that is not of interest to you, but I would advise that you not venture home until this matter is resolved.  Perhaps your cousin was truly the villain behind it all, but I begin to think he was as much a victim as his father and my murdered servant.”
Flinn gaped, “but you just sent him to his death!  Now you think him innocent?  Are you mad?  That was my last, best hope of escaping this unendurable fate!”  She frowned at his thoughtless words, but he continued unheeding, “but perhaps you are right, I am in desperate need of sanctuary at the moment, yes, sanctuary is just the thing.  When’s lunch?”
It took all her long years of practicing patience not to throttle the young man before her or to gape openly at his thoughtlessness.  Said she as calmly as she could muster, “you may eat as soon as this interview is finished, as to your cousin’s fate, that is a matter strictly between himself and the Master and has nothing whatsoever to do with my feelings upon the matter.  Welcome to Astoria, your Highness.  I will dispatch one of my best agents to your Kingdom immediately that this matter may be rectified as soon as possible.  Good day!”  She nodded briefly in farewell and hied herself quickly from the room, leaving the guard to exchange a wondering look with the baffled prince.  A servant entered soon thereafter to get the boy settled, he followed silently after, too confounded to say anything.

The Regent watched his nephew and his own fool of a son ride off with their escort from a window high up in one of the towers, a malicious smile on his face, at last, he could attend to the business of ruling the Kingdom.  He would have enjoyed watching the boy die before the entire Kingdom, but perhaps it was just as well he died quietly in a foreign land, the sooner to be forgotten.  As to his own heir, he little cared what came of the fool boy, just as long as he was not bothering his father, not that he really needed an heir as he intended to live forever.  Now all he need do was watch for the Lady’s agent that would undoubtedly be dispatched to investigate the mysterious happenings in Adora.  He did not doubt the boy would die, it had been promised to him, even the Lady of Astoria could not thwart the boy’s destiny or the source of such a prophecy.  His smile deepened as he turned from the window to get down to the glorious business of actually being King.

Lose everything indeed!  The creature studied itself curiously, not in horror as might be expected at such a radical transformation, but calmly and with no little amusement, though it seemed to be wrought entirely of dark mist when once he had been a very Prince of the Realm.  But what were mortal Kingdoms to this?  The only part of himself, at least that he could see, that was not shadow incarnate was a small silver unicorn glinting with its own light on his right palm.  That was the reason he could smile, even when he lacked the features to do so, for it was the Mark of the One to whom he belonged, and never could he be snatched from that great and mighty hand, no matter what strange adventures befell him.
He remembered hearing someone whisper that the adventure was only begun right before that dreadful light was unleashed and then he knew nothing but Light.  He remembered that Light, it was the same that had consumed him utterly one fateful night in the library, a Light more glorious than life itself.  He glanced down in wonder, his shadowy visage had vanished and his entire being pulsed with that deadly Light.  With a thought, he garbed himself again in darkness and frowned, this would never do!  It suddenly occurred to him that he was also the source of that all-consuming radiance in the dungeons of Astoria.  He must learn to control himself, whatever he was now.  For a moment he wondered what had happened to the two men in the dungeons with him, they could not have survived such a display, but then at least one of them knew things were not as they seemed.  He smiled eagerly, he was not alone, whatever this new adventure was.  Suddenly he felt himself inexplicably dissolving and the Light that wrought his very being threatened to break forth once more, but with a thought, he schooled it to quiescence and allowed himself to evaporate.
He reappeared, still a wraithlike shadow, in a very familiar place.  A figure clad in the livery of Adora stood propping the small kitchen gate open and was motioning frantically at him.  With another frown, he approached the odd servant and entered the castle proper as the man quickly secured the gate behind him.  “This way shadow,” growled the man, “my master does not like to be kept waiting.”  Vayel hissed quietly but refrained from comment as he followed the villainous looking fellow high up into the utmost towers of the keep, higher than he had ever gone before, even as an adventure bent lad of seven exploring the various nooks and crannies of the ancient castle.  The minion knocked upon a certain door in a certain way, opened it when bidden to do so, and then motioned that the wraith should enter alone, fleeing the moment he closed the door behind the shadow.
Vayel’s uncle turned from his study of the fire and eyed the shadow speculatively, “what took you so long?”
“We come when it suits us,” hissed the shadow, not quite sure from whence the words sprang.
“So be it,” sighed the Regent, “I have a job for you.”
“Obviously,” snarled the wraith, “else you would not have sent for me.”
“I tire of your insolence, shade,” snapped the King, “go to Astoria, find my fool of a son, and either corrupt him or destroy him, I care not which.”
“With pleasure,” hissed the wraith as it fled out the window, leaving the Regent to his study of the flames.  Vayel grinned, it would be a pleasure indeed to try corrupting the hedonistic boy, and if he succeeded, perhaps he would make a proper King after all.  He felt himself dissolving again and this time the light did not stir, for there was no panic or unease this time around.  His smile deepened, could he be getting used to this strange new occupation?

Vayel reappeared again in the dungeons of Astoria, he just had time to register that fact before he felt a piercing pain in his chest and fell again into darkness.  Baye looked at Jared with a raised eyebrow and a quizzical expression on his face as the sword in the servant’s hands vanished, “was that necessary?”
Jared grinned broadly, “yes, I had to verify that he could control himself.”
Baye smiled reminiscently, remembering his own turn teaching that particular skill to his various apprentices, said he with a thoughtful nod, “it seems he can, but how did he learn that particular skill with none to teach him?”
Jared smiled mysteriously, “perhaps he is of a more thoughtful turn of mind than the rest of you rapscallions that currently comprise the Shadow.”
Baye eyed his old friend in some surprise, “what are you not telling me?”
Jared sighed heavily as he knelt beside the prone form, looking up at Baye he said quietly, “it has been a very long time, far too long.”
Baye nodded and then smiled sadly, “I understand.”  He frowned at the boy, “why not choose a replacement from within the Shadow?”
Jared shook his head as he sent a pulse of light into the inert form, “I have no more say in the matter than any of the Brethren do in the selection of a new Lady of Astoria.”  As the boy stirred and sat up with a groan, Jared stood and took a step back to stand beside Baye.  
The boy studied them curiously, a slight, eager smile on his face, said he at last, “can someone please explain what is going on here?”
His elders burst out laughing at his perplexity and eagerness, but Jared quickly gained control of his mirth, though the corners of his mouth kept twitching inexplicably, said he, “it has certainly been a strange time for you no doubt, but at last you will have answers.”  As the boy gained his feet, the Captain of the Shadow continued wryly, “and I promise not to assault you with any sharp pointy objects, at least for the next few minutes.”
Vayel’s smile deepened as he caught the Captain’s mood, said he, “I would appreciate that.”  He studied what he could see of himself and asked, “I am myself again?”
Baye grinned, “you have always been yourself, you can never be anything but, but yes, you currently look like the boy you once were.”
“Were?” asked Vayel in growing excitement “if I am no longer a boy, what then am I?”
Jared gave his old friend a patient look, “you were and are and ever will be a man, but what he means is that you have become a Shadow, a mortal man no longer, but still a man, save with a few useful talents.”
Vayel shook his head, “I little understand.”
“I know,” said Jared, “your recruitment was not done in the usual manner, but you’ll quickly learn and I dare say you won’t be disappointed.”  
Vayel grinned, “so far it has been one strange adventure, but certainly interesting.”  He frowned at the axe where it lay on the floor, “why all the sharp pointy objects and their use upon my person?”
Jared shrugged, “upon your arrival, I had to verify that you could control the light within you, no matter what, lest you prove a danger to others, and you certainly proved your ability to do just that.  As for the Lady’s decree to have your head off,” he smiled wryly, “none of us thought you guilty of murder or blood magic, but we just knew it had to be done.  It wasn’t the first time in the history of the Shadow where a man has been executed as a necessary part of his duties.”  As the boy’s consternation deepened, he continued, “and don’t ask us why, none of us have an answer, at least not yet.  Get used to it, sometimes your adventures and duties will not make a whole lot of sense but you still must be about them.”
Vayel nodded slowly, “it will not be the first time, but if the Master has demonstrated anything, it is that I can trust Him, no matter what.”  He grinned, “He promised me death and heartache and infamy, all of which came to pass, but He has also blessed me in the midst of my sorrow, more than I can even begin to comprehend.  What now?”
Jared answered, “you’ll be apprenticing with me, which will be a little awkward as I am not an officially recognized member of the Brethren.  The servants don’t usually take on apprentices, but I think a servant of my standing can have a page at his beck and call.”
Vayel smiled at the irony, “I was once the Crown Prince of Adora and now I’m naught but the servant of a servant in Astoria?”
Jared chuckled, “I am the very Captain of the Shadow lad, yet I spend my days as a mere servant, but are we not all servants of the Master?”
“Quite,” said Vayel, “but I also have a mission.”
“All the better,” said Jared, “it will help keep you out of mischief whilst I’m busy elsewhere.”
Baye frowned, “isn’t he supposed to be dead?”
Jared grinned, “none but the Lady, his cousin, the captain of the Prince’s guard, and we know anything of that.  I don’t think it will pose too much of a problem, besides, he needs to go about as himself if he is to accomplish what he must with his cousin.”  He eyed the boy’s bloody and tattered tunic, “but you’d best do something about your appearance before we can be seen in decent company.”
Baye laughed, “I always knew we weren’t quite what the social elite would consider proper, no wonder I never get invited to fancy dinner parties.”
The boy studied his ruined clothes, concentrated for a moment, and suddenly the blood was gone and the tattered fabric was whole once more.  He exchanged an eager look with Jared, who said with a smile, “if only it were that easy to get stains out of the carpet.”
Baye rolled his eyes emphatically, “spoken like a true servant!”
Jared gave him a reproving look, but ruined the effect with a smile, “perhaps that shall be your next adventure, sir: removing red wine stains from a white carpet.”
Baye grimaced, “I thought Jace was the one who regularly accomplishes the impossible.”
Jared smiled wickedly, “I’ll keep that in mind.”

They left the back room, ghosted through the cellblock, and then ascended the stairs back to the castle proper.  As Vayel exited the dungeons, he froze and gasped, “Anne?!”
A young woman stood in the corridor, her eyes wide with surprise and joy as she studied the boy before her, a quizzical smile graced her lips as she said, “I thought never to see you again and here you are running about in a servant’s livery?”
Jared gave the boy a knowing smile, “set your friend’s heart at ease and find me when you are finished.”  
The boy bobbed an awkward bow as the elder Shadows meandered off and then turned to face his companion, said he, his face growing warm, “perhaps we should find a place to talk?”  She nodded, giving him that smug, knowing smile that had always infuriated and bewitched him all at the same time, and taking his hand, she led him off to the wide, walled in lawn that abutted the courtyard, where they might sit at leisure under the great trees and chat as they would.
Once they were settled, she said demurely, “I followed you.  My father has continuously urged me to come to Astoria to study, so I thought this an opportune time to heed him.”
Vayel frowned, “he only wanted you to do that so we’d be away from one another, in hopes I’d fall for your eldest sister.”
She smiled impishly, “I didn’t exactly ask his permission before leaving but rather left a hasty note and hied myself hither as quickly as I could.  I arrived just after you did, but was detained at the gate while you were taken immediately to the Lady.  The next thing I saw was you accompanying those men through that door.  What happened?  Now here you are, guised as a servant of all things!”
Vayel smiled sheepishly, “it is a long and strange story,” he frowned, “and much of it I cannot tell you, nor would you believe it if I could.”  He sadly met her gaze, “we cannot be as we once were.”
She studied her hands resting in her lap for a moment and then looked up, “I know, I spent the journey here resigning myself to that fact.  I was horrified when your uncle...but never mind, I was heartened when you asked that the Lady review your case and followed you here.  But even if the Lady has decried you innocent, you can never return and claim the crown, for the people will never accept you after what your uncle said nor is the Regent likely to give up the crown now that he has it.  But why become a servant?  Rather, why not study what you must and then join the Brethren?”
Vayel smiled warmly at her, “things are rather complicated, Anne, but do not fear that I have made this choice solely out of desperation, I know you don’t understand, but I am content with my circumstances, nay rather I am quite eager to see what the future holds.”  He sobered, “but we cannot leave Adora in the hands of my uncle, he is a murderer and a warlock.”
She smiled wryly, “the very things he accused you of being.  But who will assume the crown?”
Vayel sighed deeply, “Flinn, at least if we can convince him to do something useful with his life.”
Anne giggled at this, “he is not a bad fellow, but getting out of bed in the morning is the most he has ever learned about duty and responsibility.”
Vayel said in a conspiratorial whisper, “do you want to help me subvert him?”
She clapped her hands together and said eagerly, “I would love nothing more.  Can it be done?”
Vayel smiled scandalously, “he has to make that decision himself, but we’ll do everything in our power to encourage him to do just that.”

Baye and Jared returned promptly to the Lady’s main audience chamber, but she was not there, rather she had withdrawn to a small sitting room where she stood staring out the window, leaning heavily upon the sill.  She drew away from the window and turned to face them as they entered, said she heavily, “it is done then?”
Jared smiled, “yes and no.”  She frowned at him and he clarified, “the boy is a Shadow, Lady, you did not send him to an untimely death, in fact, he still walks the keep in his original likeness.”  She actually gaped at him, and he shook his head, “why was it necessary?  Even I do not know the answer to that, but it was and perhaps time will reveal the reason.”
She nodded slowly, feeling as if a great weight had been taken from her shoulders, said she with irony strong in her voice, “now what are your orders pertaining to this particular lad, Captain?”
Jared smiled wryly, “he will actually be my apprentice,” he paused both to gather his thoughts and to allow the Lady to absorb the news, before saying, “and eventually my replacement.”
She looked at him a bit sadly, “you will Go, then?”
Jared barked a laugh, “come Lady, it is not so grievous a loss as all that, it well may be another hundred years or more, before I actually Go, but I have been at this since the world began!”
“I see your point,” said she, “but even with all the grief and trouble you cause me, I will miss you.”
Jared bowed, “that is good to know my Lady, for I often fear I am more trouble than I am worth.”
She frowned, “how is a servant going to have an apprentice?”
Jared smiled eagerly, “I hope you do not mind, but I have taken him on as my personal page.”
She nodded, “that will suffice, at least until the other servants decide they want to have one too.”
The Captain grinned wryly, “they won’t be able to afford one, not with what you pay them; my minion works for nothing.”  
She opened her mouth to protest that the servants were paid quite well, but it was certainly not enough to hire their own servants.  She closed her mouth and said with a smile, “very well Captain, see to your minion.”  She turned to Baye, “you had best go see what is happening in Adora.”  The men bowed and withdrew, talking quietly together while the Lady turned back to her window, her heart lighter by far than when they had entered.



A sample story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’


There was an old woman
Lived under a hill,
And if she’s not gone
She lives there still.
~Nursery Rhyme~

Sophie Under the Hill

Her choice of domicile was peculiar, at least to sensibilities distant in time or space, but for all I know it was a rather common phenomenon in that particular place and time, but even if it were not, it suited her and to her mind that was all that mattered, which was as it should be.  For you see, she dwelt under a hill and had for as long as local memory could remember, which might as well have been for all eternity as far as most folk were concerned.  So it was that this curious old woman, who was apparently never young, acquired a reputation far and wide for not only being rather mysterious, which is what living in any fashion not considered ordinary will gain you, but also for possessing great wisdom, which is the result of living sensibly and being content therein rather than living as your neighbors think you ought and depending solely upon their opinions for your happiness.  So it was that her neighbors held her in great awe and even a little fear, at least if an outsider asked them, but amongst themselves they often whispered darkly about the dear lady, with no little of malice and jealously festering beneath their bitter words.  For you see, she minded her neighbors not in the least in any matter, preferring to do solely as it pleased her and seeming to thrive thereby which vexed them greatly, for no one should succeed without their input.  It was witchery of the vilest sort.
Such an enigmatic and sagacious person held a certain attraction for adventurous youths and questing knights which was not hindered in the least by darker rumors, for who else could offer desperately needed wisdom and advice as such were often seeking?  These frequent and unwelcome visitors, at least as the neighbors saw it, only caused further scandal and disquiet in the community, which continued to heighten the dame’s infamy and only drew sooth seekers from even more distant climes.  These visits drove the neighbors to distraction but the aged lady welcomed each and every visitor as if he were a lost son come home after many years abroad.  Though in truth she was neither a worker of terrible magics nor a possessor of knowledge arcane and grim, but what she did have was something far outside the common ken of mortals, and blessed were those who sought her wisdom and received it with a willing heart.  She did not whisper in secret with the shades of ancient sages or count her years more numerous than the usual wont of men.  So how was it that this near mystical lady came to be a font of wisdom of which the bold and adventurous, the rich and the powerful, oft came to drink?
She was possessed of a great deal of what is wrongly called commonsense, for though quite sensible it is far from common, and thus did many come to visit with the curious lady who dwelt quaintly under hill.  She lived quietly, prudently, and contentedly for many a year, much to the annoyance of her neighbors, who could not comprehend such a life and the enjoyment thereof, yet in their self-inflicted misery thought themselves the happier by far but did not understand the source of their own consternation.  
So what great advice or sagacious snippets did she give this vast and curious throng that sought her out over the years?  What could a woman who lived under a hill in a far flung district know of the world at large or people in particular?  This is what all such visitors often asked themselves, but then they had to remember that often what they most sought was to be found in rather strange places, so contented themselves with imbibing a draught of wisdom from this uncanny font.  One such adventurer, a peasant lad of the age when he should be finding something useful to do with his life, one day appeared at her door.  He knocked boldly, she opened the door with a small, quiet smile that might have been concealing a knowing laugh, and ushered the awkward boy into the cheerful main room of the infamous cottage under hill.  His awkwardness vanished as he took the offered chair, munched upon a cookie, and sipped the fresh brewed tea, feeling as if he were sitting at table with his own dear granny.  That spritely smile deepened, as if she knew his thoughts, which was very likely as she was rumored to be all knowing, and she asked if she might refill his tea.
He nodded and then began his tale, as she poured, “I need a direction in life, that is why I am come.  But of course you knew that already.  So what shall I do?  My parents wish me to apprentice with the cobbler and marry a nice girl once I have established myself.  I want to go adventuring and become a man of wealth and renown, and likely marry a princess, or at least a noble’s daughter.  What must I do to make my dreams come true?”
Said she with the selfsame smile, “what are these dreams for which you reach?”
The boy stared at her blankly, completely lost as to an answer, his mouth half full of cookie.  After a moment he shut his mouth, chewed thoughtfully, swallowed slowly, and said in perplexity, “what are my dreams?  They are dreams, aspirations, ideals!  What else?”
She laughed like a spring rain, “that is all mist and moonbeams lad!  Nothing onto which you can hope to gain a hold nor a proper hook on which to hang a life.  You need something concrete, something real, something for which to aim.  Can you go hunting with such aspirations and hope to come home successful?  Nay lad, you must have a target to shoot at or your arrows will be loosed for naught.  What is it you want out of life?  Where do you want to be ten or twenty years from now?”
The boy gaped at her again, this time with nothing in his mouth, and suddenly shut his hanging jaw with an audible click.  He frowned in thought and was silent for an interminable time before finally saying, “I want to be like my father: a prosperous and respected man in the village with a loving, happy family.”  He smiled broadly, “your fame is not unearned my lady!”  He stood and bowed formally, if awkwardly for lack of practice, “your wisdom gives me hope and direction I would not otherwise have had!  Thank you, dear lady!”  He nearly skipped out the door and turned his steps towards home, wishing he could start his apprenticeship that very moment.
She watched him go, shaking her head in amusement and that impish smile of delight now sparkling in her eyes.  She had long ago given up trying to explain to such guests that they often already possessed the so-called wisdom they sought and merely needed to clarify their own thoughts on the matter in question.  Time and again had they given her credit for vast depths of wisdom that she did not necessarily possess.  She shook her head ruefully and was about to close the door when her nearest neighbor slipped in at the last moment uninvited, eyeing the remaining cookies and cold tea with interest.  Said she without preamble, “more mysterious visitors, hmmm?  Care to say more?”
The lady of the house stood by the half open door, as if waiting for her uninvited guest to take the hint and leave, but the invader just stood there waiting for an explanation and fresh tea.  The good dame continued to stand there in silence and her neighbor’s consternation grew by the moment, finally she turned on her heel and in a flutter of skirts and apron, the nosy woman retreated to gossip with her cronies about the abominable manners and the sinister dealings she was no doubt having with all these strangers as she was unwilling to discuss the matter with her nearest and dearest.  The old woman’s smile now held an ironic twist, knowing exactly what tale her exasperated neighbor was even now carrying to the rest of the village.  She laughed outright and went to put the tea things in order. 




Excerpt from ‘The Greylands: Volume VI:’

Beyond the Morning:

The historians and astronomers and geologists will tell you that the world revolves around the sun and that the earth is round, but my dear child, they are all of them wrong.  Yes, quite wrong, utterly and completely.  Men once thought the world flat and that the sun revolved around the earth, and I think, perhaps men were wiser in those days.  Of course, this is a fairy tale so I might be mistaken, but at least in this particular world this happened to be the case.  In the beginning of things this world had been quite like all the others, but men did not like the way things were so they rebelled against Him who made the worlds and quite made a mess of things.  So it was that the world literally fell to pieces, leaving it flat with little bits like islands floating to the East and a shadowy chunk lurking beneath, where nasty things lived and breathed and had their being.  
Mountains ringed the whole world about, keeping the water and most of the inhabitants inside, save for one small gap where the Great Sea found an outlet and fell in a great waterfall into fathomless depths below.  But the sun boiled the water every night as it passed beneath this strange world and it fell again as rain very early every morning.  Thus the Sea was fresh water (and not salt as you might think) and the world never suffered drought nor a rainy day that might ruin all the picnics.  So in general, it was a rather prosperous and happy world.  Except of course for that minor problem of man’s rebellion against his Maker.  Besides for that minor glitch, it was quite a wonderful place to call home and an especially good place to have a picnic.
But what was to come of that little matter mentioned above which brought sorrow, death, illness, and violence upon a once joyous and peaceful world?  Well, things certainly could not remain as they were, for the Master loved his creatures far too much to leave them in such a miserable story so He came Himself to set things aright.  To think that He who made everything would leave unimaginable Glory to spend time amongst the very things He created, naughty as they were.  At first, they were quite happy to listen to His stories and benefit from His miracles, but they grew tired of His preaching and jealous of His power, so they did the only reasonable thing and killed the One who invented Life.  
Only you cannot kill Him, at least not forever (no matter what the skeptics tell you) and He lived again, but in dying He conquered Death and since the price of rebellion and sin is death, He just happened to pay for all the mistakes and bad deeds of His poor, sundered creatures.  The only problem was, most of them were not interested in such a silly thing as redemption, thank you very much!  They were quite happy with life the way it was and really could care less about such wondrous Love.  They wanted to mind their own business and wanted Him to mind His, of course not realizing that their wellbeing was His business.  So it was, that He went back to His place and left the world to do as it pleased, at least until that exciting day when He promised to return and stay forever and ever with his Creatures that really wanted to be with Him; the rest could spend all of eternity in a place where He would never bother them again and they could do very much as they pleased, which they would soon come to realize was not very much fun at all.

The centuries passed and men multiplied and filled the whole earth, and with more people came the obvious problems of greed, war, strife, jealousy, and rage with the strong oppressing the weak, not to mention an increase in littering and other such crimes.  Certain countries were better or worse than others in matters of justice and peace, as is always true of the lands of men.  In this particular time and place, it was a rather peaceful and prosperous country that was more just than many lands in the history of this world.  Its neighbors too were relatively peaceful which allowed them all to dwell for a time in quiet harmony.  In the specific neighborhood where this story begins, there were a number of rather rich and influential families with any number of well-bred and educated offspring, all ready to make their way in the wide world.  
There were three boys who were quite good friends and had been since the dawn of time, or at least for as long as they could remember.  There was nothing that could ever come between them, save perhaps those insurmountable forces of love and death, for taxes as we currently know them had not yet been invented.  One of these young men was quite sick and on the verge of that dreadful enemy of mortality, or at least of childhood, yes, romantic love.  He was quite sure he wanted to marry the most beautiful (and rich) girl in the neighborhood, and while his friends were quite happy for his good fortune, they really did not wish to see their little trio broken up.  While our love-stricken Kyan was off romancing his ladylove, our two remaining heroes, Bayard and Griffin, fell in with an old man who told the most wonderful stories.  
He told them of things long ago and things yet to come, of a Great King who had left his Eternal Throne to dwell among mortal men.  Of the Great Enemy who had left the service of this King long before the worlds were made, and his intent to corrupt or destroy all that his former Master had wrought, including mankind.  They were intrigued by these tales, especially when told that even Today, men must decide on whose side they would live and fight, for it was a war older than Time and none could stand aside or plead ignorance.  They must either stand with the King or fall with the Enemy.  Quite excited by this prospect, the youths dashed back to find the missing member of their little company who was just bidding farewell to his darling, both with stars in their eyes.  
“I must soon propose,” said he, as if in a dream.  
“Yes, yes,” said Bayard impatiently, “all in good time, but come, there is something you must hear!”  
Smiling dreamily, Kyan did not resist his friends as they led him back to the interesting man who had so excited their young hearts.  The man smiled upon the love-stricken youth, remembering his own days of courting, back when the world was new.  Finally, the young man roused from his rosy visions enough to listen to those things the man had to tell.  A thrill of excitement ran down his spine, for here was a purpose and a calling indeed!
To tell the truth, the boys and most of their cohort were bored.  They had every material pleasure their hearts could desire but it was not enough.  Kyan thought himself in love, but mostly he just liked being liked and had no comprehension of the true meaning of the word Love.  They had no purpose, no direction, no meaning.  What was the point of living?  But here was an explanation for why the world was as it was and a challenge to live a life of significance.  Said the man in caution, “remember lads, the Master demands your whole heart and being, your very souls!  There are those that oppose Him bitterly and you might well pay for your devotion with your lives.  If you still wish to pursue this calling, come tonight when we shall all gather in one place.”  
The boys exchanged an excited smile as he told them when and where to gather, so too did the dark figure smile as he listened intently from his hiding place, but his grin held only eager malice, there was no joy in the gesture at all.  The boys dashed off to further discuss these exciting revelations while the old man continued on his way.  The dark figure went in search of reinforcements, for he wanted this to be a memorable evening indeed.

Just because they had a secret meeting scheduled for later in the evening, did not mean the three lads could miss the biggest ball of the season.  They dandied themselves up to perfection and looked forward to resuming their eager conversation in some quiet corner of the great house that hosted this evening’s festivities.  But their mothers and the assorted ladies their own age expected them to dance unceasingly for the first part of the evening.  Having accomplished their social obligations, Bayard and Griffin managed to slip quietly away but Kyan found himself unable to disentangle himself from Suzanne, who though very attractive this evening, no longer dazzled his mind into pure and utter worship.  He tried time and again to join his friends, but the girl was persistent and would not loose her hold on his sleeve.  Finally he said, “Suzanne you must let me go!  I cannot remain here any longer, for there is a needful thing I must do this evening.”  
She pouted quite alluringly, “I had hoped you meant to propose this night.”  
He swallowed hard, what had he been thinking to be so enamored with this girl?  This would not be easy, but it must be done, he said as gently as he could, “I have come to realize I cannot marry you my dear…”  
He trailed off as she shrieked, “what!?!” at the top of her lungs and froze the dancers in their steps.  Kyan blushed scarlet, but did not lose this chance to escape the clutches of his lovely and furious companion.
His friends laughed merrily at Kyan’s predicament, but eagerly hastened to the secret meeting arranged by the old man.  In the depths of the woods they met, with a glorious sky full of stars looking on and the trees standing in silent vigil about them.  The embarrassed trio was the last to arrive and the old man said amusedly, “I was afraid you would not make it.”  
“Now,” said he to the dozen young men that had answered his call, “you are probably all wondering why we are here?”  There were several murmurs of excitement as the man continued, “I invited you here tonight to learn more about those things that I hinted at in our previous conversations.  You are those who seemed most eager for this mysterious calling.  It is in no way required that you go any deeper into this matter if all you wish is to serve our Master in your daily lives, this you can accomplish quite easily in your day to day living by following those precepts I have already imparted to you.  This meeting is solely for those who wish to know more of this ancient war and your potential role in it.  If you commit to this venture, your lives are no longer your own.  You will agree to dedicate them solely, and wholly for the use of our Master and whatever task he appoints each of you.  There are those who oppose us with every fiber of their being and every power they possess; they will stop at nothing to thwart our Master’s will.  This quest will claim your lives, whether it be tonight or a hundred years from now, I cannot say but you must know this before we continue.  If there are any here who wish to leave at this point, by all means, get you gone.”
There was some embarrassed shifting but no one moved.  The man smiled grimly, “then if you are serious in this endeavor, I hereby swear you all to utter secrecy.  What you are about to hear is known to very few who still walk this mortal earth.  You know of the ancient war between the Master and His once great servant who has become His greatest Enemy.  This Enemy does not sleep, nor is he willing to let mortal men live in peace.  There are men abroad who have sold their souls into slavery to this dark lord, some even have entered a living death and have become terrible creatures that do naught but his will.  What I ask of you this night is to join the ranks of those who oppose these vile men and their undead comrades, that your kith and kin might dwell obliviously in peace.”  
The three latecomers exchanged wide-eyed looks of wonder, excitement coursed through their veins.  The old man continued long into the night, making sure his listeners fully understood what it was they were about to undertake.  Finally he finished and asked, “are there any who now would stand aside?”  No one moved.  “Very well,” said he gravely, “come forth one by one and swear yourselves to this service.”  And so they came forward, each stating his intention to fully abide by all the old man had said, and then taking a long draught of water out of an ancient flagon.  “Now,” he said, once the last had come forth. “you are each sealed to this cause.  Your duties and service will vary, but in the days to come you will each know what is asked of you.  Let us disperse before our enemies find us, go back to your homes, and await eagerly your Calling.”
The moon had risen and was well overhead by this time, giving plenty of light to the sojourners as they talked eagerly amongst themselves and started to slowly drift away toward their respective homes.  All chaos suddenly broke loose amidst the scattered company as nameless creatures howled, wailed, and shrieked in the night, even as arrows and swords, claws and teeth struck wildly into the now panicked gathering.  “Run!” shouted the old man, and then everything was terror and frenzy amongst the once eager initiates.  Bayard screamed as something viciously sunk its claws into his back, but his two friends each grabbed one of his hands and drew him along in their flight.  They found their horses still tied where they had left them, but mad with fright.  They disentangled the panicky beasts, who needed no further urging to run.  They galloped madly off into the night, heedless of holes or branches that might suddenly end their mad flight, only knowing that worse was behind than any danger that might lurk ahead.
They almost thought themselves away, when a fiendish howl behind them fed fresh fire into their horses’ panic and the fear coursing through their own hearts.  They prayed desperately to the Master they barely knew for salvation and wondered at the strange fate that would rob them of their lives the very night they decided to make something of them.  Griffin’s horse screamed, as only a mortally wounded equine can, and went crashing to the earth with his master upon his back, crying, “ride, ride!  My horse has broken his leg.  Don’t stop, it will be the death of us all…”  
Bayard and Kyan exchanged a terrified look, wanting to stop their mad flight and aid their friend, but his cries were already lost as whatever was pursuing them fell upon their fallen friend.  All they could do was ride on in horror and grief.  They galloped on until morning, having heard no sign of pursuit since poor Griffin had fallen behind.  The rosy shades of dawn revealed the Great Sea shining crimson before them as their poor beasts collapsed on the beach in exhaustion.  A little boat lay upon the shore and beckoned to both of the exhausted boys; they exchanged a tired smile and quickly climbed into the little craft and put out to Sea.  They soon caught the current that carried them swiftly east towards the sunrise and the end of the world.  They collapsed into an exhausted sleep as the day brightened and the little boat floated gaily along, caught in the strong eastbound current.
The sun had set and both boys roused in the cool of the evening as the first bright stars appeared in the darkening sky.  Bayard moaned in agony, for his entire being felt afire with fever from the deep scratches he had received from some fierce beast on the night that seemed more nightmare than terrible reality.  Kyan said quietly, “why are we at Sea?”  
Bayard smiled weakly, “it felt like the right thing to do at the time.”  
Kyan thought back to that surreal morning and nodded, “I know of a certain that it was the right thing to do, but where are we going?”  
Bayard shrugged and winced with the effort, “at least we left those fiends far behind.”  
Kyan implored, “but what lies ahead of us?  We have no food, you are wounded, this current will bear us right off the edge of the map!”




Sample story from ‘Legends of the Brethren:’

Of Poets and Heroes

The screams of horses and men filled the evening air with a chaos and horror ill-suited to the loveliness and quiet of the fading day.  Two of the beasts faded away as they fell dead and the third trapped his master beneath his prone form.  The trapped rider was himself uninjured save perhaps in the fall but several arrows had embedded themselves in his two companions and their fallen mounts; of the two, one lay unmoving and was likely dead, the other moved feebly but hope dawned as he caught the trapped man’s eye.  They stared at one another for a moment, the one with growing hope and the other with a rising fear.  The crunch of oncoming feet suddenly drew their attention as their foes approached.  His eyes pleading for help, the arrow stricken man suddenly threw some small object into the distant brush and glanced significantly from the now hidden object to his trapped companion whose eyes held reluctance and fear, but a minimal nod of his head brought the shadow of a smile to the stricken man’s face before their enemies were upon them.  A small band of vile looking men emerged from their ambush and looked about in delight at the carnage they had wrought.  One of them turned over the unmoving man to reveal that nothing remained but a corpse.  
Another approached the hopeful man and called out, “this one’s alive and should suit our purposes well enough.  Be done with him.”  One of the more vile of the company smiled in cruel anticipation, drew his sword as he approached, and finished that which the arrows had begun.  His eyes widened momentarily in pain and then stared blankly as the sword was withdrawn from his unmoving chest.  The whole group of them then approached the sole survivor yet trapped beneath his dead horse.
Said the leader of the repulsive band, “are you one of the Brethren then?”  
The trapped man laughed mirthlessly, “I am simply an ill-fated poet who hoped to write the tale of some great heroic effort but alas, all I shall ever write is a lament to the foolishness of heroic quests if ever I write anything again.”  
“Yes or no,” snarled the leader.  
The poet winced at his tone and said, “I am not one of that fellowship.”  
The man grinned cruelly and asked, “then why do you ride with them?”  
Taking on a professional air the poet said, “as I have already related I hoped to write a firsthand account of whatever adventure my late companions hoped to accomplish.  I fell in with them not quite a week ago.”  
“You know nothing of their mission?” queried the leader in some amazement.  
The poet sighed, “I only knew they were bound for Kyra on some desperate quest; I do not think even they knew their appointed task but hoped to find some contact upon our arrival.”  
The sinister man said, “how were they to make contact?”  
The poet shrugged, “they took that secret to the grave.”  
The leader did not seem pleased, “then I have no further use for you.”  The poet nodded grimly as the sword was raised again but the leader suddenly laughed, “I however like the idea of a lament against all for which the Brethren stand.  I will spare your life poet but only for the promise of your work.  Write well, for if you do not it might well be the last thing you do.  Search them and their luggage, then we ride for Kyra.”  The despots ransacked the living and the dead, but found nothing of interest.  They vanished as quickly as they had come, leaving the trapped poet to somehow extract himself from beneath the dead horse.  He painfully managed to pull himself from beneath his ill-fated mount, searched the vegetation concealing whatever it was his companion had hoped to hide, and finally discovered a small blue crystal cut in the shape of a star suspended from a satin ribbon of deepest blue.  He looked over the trinket and wondered to whom it might belong and how he was to discover its keeper and his destiny.
He sighed, he was no hero.  He sat heavily down upon the dead horse thinking about what had transpired in the last week to so utterly upset the course of his life.  He had been a wandering poet who roamed from place to place and entertained as he could to keep his stomach full and a roof over his head.  The commonfolk seemed to appreciate his efforts, at least enough that he did not starve.  A week gone, the two adventurers had stumbled into the same inn where he was holding forth with his familiar evening oratory.  They had listened appreciatively and once the night’s entertainment was finished, invited him over to their table for a mug of ale and some much needed conversation.  They had struck up a lively conversation, all three being of a quick and learned mind, and had stayed up long past the time all sensible men were in bed.  He had asked after their own travels and their tales amused and amazed him.  Whether it was the late hour or the wine, the poet never knew but he soon found himself asking if he might not accompany them on their adventure.  They exchanged a curious look and finally agreed that he could come, but that there might come a time when they might suddenly have to part company.  There was some hint of imminent danger and intrigue, but then no story was complete without such so the poet readily agreed.
So it was that he found himself riding with them to the Southern Realms towards the kingdom of Kyra whose monarchy was suddenly in disarray and from whence had come a desperate note and the trinket that he now held in his hand.  No one knew who had sent it, but only that it must be presented to the guards at the castle gates in the great city of Yorka.  The owner claimed that the very fate of the country might rest upon this quest and help was needed soon.  Kipril shuddered, wondering what strange adventure he had now become a participant in.  He looked upon his dead companions and his silent promise to the dying man echoed in his mind.  He had ever been an observer of life, a recorder of its wonders and perils, never a participant and now it had been thrust upon him.  He was ill-suited to such an adventure not having wielded a sword since his youth and then only poorly, but there was no one else to whom this adventure could fall.  He must at least attempt it, if only for the sake of the imperiled people of Kyra.  He sighed heavily, stood, and began to salvage what he could from the wreckage.  He filled his saddlebags with food and supplies, took up his bow, and then glanced at his fallen companion’s sword.  He was perhaps not as skilled with the weapon as some, but it might be useful in his quest.  Almost reverently, he took up the weapon for which his companion had no more mortal use.  In the gathering dark, he took the road and hoped to put many miles between himself and the sorrow behind him.

Kipril awoke early and crawled from the small dell in which he had taken shelter for the night.  He walked as fast and as far as he could that day, knowing full well that his quest was a hopeless one unless he soon acquired some swifter form of transportation.  Evening was falling and the lights of an inn ahead drew his weary gaze.  He felt that hope waited within, even if it were nothing more than an hour’s repose from the weary and lonely road he walked.  He took a seat, ordered a mug of a nameless brew, and glanced about at his fellow patrons.  He saw nothing but farmers and merchants until his eyes fell upon a young woman just entering the inn.  She was well dressed and moved like a cat, making him wonder if she were not some minor noble’s daughter set out in search of adventure.  Perhaps here was a chance to fob this foolish quest off upon someone else.  She caught his gaze and curiosity drew her to the stranger’s table.  He bought her a mug of his own nameless ale and she asked, “whither is your road sir and what quest lays at its end?”  
He laughed in spite of himself and said, “it seems I am not the only lonely adventurer upon the road.  I am currently walking to Kyra as my mount and companions have fallen upon the way but I shall not make it in time at the pace I currently set.  What of you fair lady?”  
She smiled at his words and said, “I too am upon a noble quest though perhaps one far less dire.  I ride for fabled Astoria and seek there to join the Brethren.  Are you perhaps one of those storied knights who has ridden forth in noble pursuit?”  
Kipril could not help but laugh, “lady, I am simply a wandering poet that has had unwanted adventure thrust upon him for there is none else to carry on the task which my late companions had begun.  They were of that noble calling but alas they have fallen by the way.”  
She smiled curiously and said, “then at least your quest is a vital one and perhaps your heart nobler than you know.  Perhaps I can aid those I hope to be my benefactors ere I ride to their country.  If walking is too slow a pace, then let me lend you a horse upon the way.”  
Kipril smiled gratefully and said, “that would be a great ease to my journey but I am still unworthy of this task.  I have a borrowed sword but little skill with it.  Could I beg your aid as well for I see you are not yourself unarmed?”  
She smiled gaily at him and said, “I was afraid you would turn me away for I am a woman, but I shall joyfully aid your task.  What is it we must do?”  
Kipril laughed, “I know almost as little as you but I shall gladly accept your company.  I have only a token to show at the gates of the castle and there our adventure may perhaps begin.”  
Alia soon told her story of how her father, a minor noble, had given her the choice of a loveless marriage or taking her small inheritance and forever leaving his presence.  She would not doom herself to such a grim fate and thus took her pittance and left behind all that she knew and loved.  She had heard many strange tales of the Brethren in her youth and set out in search of the mysterious adventurers of song and story.  She was eager to take part in a story of her own, even before ever she reached Astoria.
By common agreement they were saddled and upon the road ere the sun was up and it was not many days before their hurried pace brought them within the borders of Kyra and soon to the castle in the midst of the bustling city of Yorka.  Kipril left Alia at an inn in the city that he might approach the gates alone.  If he should not return, she was to make her own careful inquiries and if he discovered the nature of their adventure, he would swiftly return to tell the tale.  Both knew well the cost of this errand might well be their lives, but Kipril pressed on out of duty and Alia in hopes of righting some wrong.  The streets of Yorka were abuzz with the recent demise of the King in a hunting accident, the ascension of his brother to the throne, and the impending birth of the late King’s child and hoped for heir.  What part the dark men would play in the matter was yet to be seen.  Kipril approached the castle gates and proffered the charm to the guards posted there.  They eyed the trinket with some curiosity but could not decide if the man was trying to sell it or simply asking after its owner.  
A servant stationed nearby however gasped and said, “this man must immediately accompany me.”  The guards glanced in wonder at the man who had silently stood watch for so many days and now finally spoke.  They nodded grudgingly, but this was a personal servant to the Queen and not to be questioned nor gainsaid.  They let the man pass and the servant led him deep into the castle to the private chambers whence the Queen had withdrawn to mourn her husband and await the birth of her child.  It was she that had sent the urgent message and who now desperately awaited its answer.
 Kipril was amazed to be presented before so distinguished a personage and was speechless for a moment as he made his bows.  She smiled deeply and a glint of hope shone in her troubled eyes as she said, “so the Lady has sent my savior at last.”  
Kipril blushed crimson and studied his feet saying, “I am no hero lady but a simple wanderer who has taken up a quest whose true heroes have already fallen in its course.  I will do what I can, but I am no warrior but a poet.”  
She nodded sadly and said, “then to you my brave poet will the duty fall.  This then is my plea: if a male child should be born, to Astoria you must bear the infant in safety and secrecy, there to await the day when he can challenge his uncle for the throne of Kyra.  For only a man can sit upon Kyra’s throne and this child is the only one with a rightful claim save my brother-in-law who has already taken the title of King upon himself.  He was ever jealous of my husband and his demise was no accident though such is claimed, and if an heir should be born my son will not live long past his birth.  But should a girl child be born, she is no threat to his rule and we may depart in peace to my family’s estates and he is forever free to rule Kyra as he sees fit.”
“When is the child due?” asked Kipril awkwardly.  
She smiled and said, “any day.  I had hoped for your arrival sooner due to the legendary swiftness of unicorns but alas your mounts are mortal horses.”  As if in answer to his question a wince of pain crossed her face as she said, “perhaps even today!”  The Queen winced again as she said, “I think that you arrived only just in time.  Tonight will reveal whether your quest is a vain one.”  
Her ladies escorted her to her chambers, the midwife was fetched, and Kipril was left in the sitting room with a silent servant.  The night passed slowly and only occasional sounds of pain and frustration came from the adjoining room to break the silent vigil.  Finally the unmistakable cry of an infant was heard and not long after it was repeated.  The midwife rushed out all in a flutter and beckoned in the man who had waited so long; the Queen wished to see him without delay.  He made a rather flustered bow and she smiled tiredly at his discomfiture.  She said, “twins!”  He looked at her in anticipation as she continued, “a boy and a girl, of course the boy’s birth shall remain an absolute secret and you shall bear him to safety until the appointed time.  Are you ready to ride?”  
He said, “I need only fetch my confederate and my luggage from a nearby inn and then we shall leave at once.”  
“Confederate?” asked the Queen.  
Kipril said, “a young woman I met by chance upon the way who was on her way to Astoria and agreed to this slight detour.”  
The Queen smiled, “excellent, a man traveling with an infant would arouse suspicion.  I do not think your encounter chance young man.  Why did she not accompany you?”
Kipril said, “this mad adventure has already cost two men their lives.  I was concerned about pursuit and did not want both of us to fall afoul of some unknown foe ere we knew our errand.  She remained behind in case something happened to me.”  
The Queen said, “you have acted wisely.  Return to your inn, pack your things, and come to the small gate the servant shall show you as quickly as you can.  Haste will ensure secrecy.”  
He bowed again, met the servant in the adjoining room, and followed him on a twisting path out of the castle.  They emerged in a dark alley and the small door shut silently behind Kipril as he dashed off in search of his inn.  He had just stepped out into the main street abutting the alley when he felt a sharp pain in his abdomen.  He clutched at the wound as his knees buckled and he fell to the ground in agony; the air was filled with strangely familiar and sinister laughter.  The dark voice said, “I told you to leave well enough alone boy!  This is the price of meddling in business not your own.  Who did you meet within the castle and to what purpose?”  
“That I shall never tell,” groaned the stricken man.  
“We shall see,” snarled the sinister voice as the man dashed off to investigate where the meddler had been.  
Kipril struggled to his feet, holding his hand to his wounded side; he dashed off in a stumbling run towards the inn.  Alia gasped when she saw who the ashen faced man was who nearly fainted as he entered the door of the inn.  She had been speaking quietly with a man in the uniform of the Brethren.  Both ran to aid the injured man on the verge of collapse.  “What happened?” she gasped.  
Kipril glanced about nervously, “we must talk quickly and privately.  There is no time.”  They wasted no time in helping him to sit on the edge of the bed in one of the guest rooms.  Once they were alone he said, “as you know there are rumors about that the late King was murdered by his brother who made it look like a hunting accident.  The Queen was concerned for the safety of her unborn child, should it be a boy and potential heir to the throne.  If the child was a male, she wished one of the Brethren to carry him safely to Astoria to wait until he came of age to challenge his uncle for the throne.  The Queen gave birth tonight to twins, a boy and a girl.  She will withdraw quietly to her estates with the girl and waits for us to bear her son to safety.  Alia, you must meet the servant at a small side gate and take the infant to Astoria.”  
“What about you?” whispered she.  
Kipril drew back his tunic from the wound and said grimly, “I am in no condition to travel nor do I think I shall long survive this wound.  One of the men who ambushed my late companions fell upon me as I was leaving the castle.  He must have seen me go in and waited for me to come out.  He attacked me, questioned me, and then ran off to see what I would not tell him.  He will be on the watch so you must be careful.”  
The Brother spoke for the first time, “these are grim tidings indeed.  I am the Lady’s Advisor to the King, or I was until the new King banished me from the castle, save for court functions, which is why I now haunt this inn.  The child must reach safety at all costs.  Take my mount, he will bear you swiftly and safely to Astoria.”  
Alia’s eyes were wide, “me ride a unicorn?”  
The man nodded grimly, “I cannot accompany you for I am needed here and neither is your friend in any condition for such an adventure.  It must be you.  Go, and may the Master ride with you.”  She nodded grimly, bid farewell to her companions, and dashed from the room.  
“Will she make it do you think?” asked Kipril of the other man.  He only shook his head in wonder and helped make the stricken man as comfortable as he could.
Alia rode swiftly towards the small gate, astonished at the speed and silence of her mount.  He was reluctant to so abandon his master but he knew this task was of the utmost importance.  They arrived swiftly and nearly unseen for the unicorn had draped himself in darkness.  Alia knocked upon the gate, it was opened by a cautious servant, she showed the crystal star as instructed, and soon received the child into her keeping along with those things that might prove his identity at the proper time.  They dashed off together into the night bound for Astoria.  Not far out of the city, the unicorn stopped and whinnied in fear but his master bid him run all the harder and he could not disobey.  Some time after he screamed in rage and grief but continued on his course, faithful to his master’s last command.

The dark man left his injured foe and ran off into the darkness to see from whence he had come.  He could not yet gain access to the castle and could learn nothing more upon a second investigation.  He dashed back to find his nemesis fled and followed quickly after.  Not long after the girl had left, the dark man burst through the window of the room in which his quarry lay helpless upon the bed.  He had not expected to find one of the Brethren within, but all the better.  The two men whirled about in a dance of death and steel while Kipril watched wide-eyed from the bed.  The two were fairly evenly matched and it was hard to tell who had the upper hand.  The dark man snarled in glee as he clipped his opponent on the shoulder and knew his victory was assured, but in his moment of triumph he dropped his guard for a brief second allowing his foe to strike a mortal blow.  The man fell to the floor laughing through his pain and panted, “you think you have won but neither of you will long survive me.”  He coughed a few times before succumbing to his wounds and then dissolved into an oily puddle on the floor.  
The two survivors shared an astonished look and the Brother leant heavily upon the bedpost, clutching his injured shoulder and breathing heavily.  Kipril asked in growing concern, “what is wrong?  What did he mean you would not survive?”  
The man said quietly through teeth clenched in pain, “I think there was some vile taint upon that blade of his and that it is quickly killing me.  I doubt you will long survive me.  That being the case, have you thought about what lies beyond death?”
Kipril stared at the man in astonishment, “you are nearer death than I and you want to talk philosophy?”  
The man winced as he laughed and said, “I have no such worries but you might spend all eternity ruing these last few hours.”  
Kipril frowned, “you Brethren are all fanatics on this topic.  I suppose if this Master of yours does exist then I have naught to fear.  I have lived a good life, or as good as any man could in my circumstances.  Besides, I have gotten myself killed on his behalf, for which I think he owes me much.”  
The dying man’s breathing was ragged and darkness was ever on the brink of overcoming him, but he fought against it saying, “with an attitude like that you are sure to spend an eternity apart from the Master and thus in utter darkness and despair.  The Master is no man with whom you can bargain in the market place.  He owes mortal man nothing.  We are all rebels against his perfect way and we all justly deserve condemnation.  Our best efforts are nothing to him.  What can any mortal do that could impress or indebt the One who made us.”  
“Then we are all doomed?” asked the skeptical Kipril.  
The man was fading fast but said, “the price of rebellion is death, but the Master took that penalty upon himself to spare us if only we will accept his sacrifice on our behalf.  He need not have known death, but he suffered death for us.”  
“What must I do?” asked the stunned Kipril.  
With his last breath the man said, “believe, trust, and give yourself utterly to him.”  He toppled over and moved no more, leaving Kipril alone to contemplate eternity.
These Brethren were mad, absolutely mad!  He had now seen three of them die for no good cause.  Could they be right?  In all the excitement he had forgotten about his own wound and now remembrance came crashing agonizingly back to the front of his mind.  He was deathly weak and each breath became more and more a struggle.  He glanced desperately at the dead man and idly wondered how long before he himself was naught but a corpse.  His mind returned to those uneasy things of which the dying man had spoken.  All his life he had heard the tales of the Master but had never felt inclined to think of them as more than just stories.  What if there was something beyond humanity?  Beyond death?  It certainly made sense but how to know what was truly out there?  He glanced again at the dead man and remembered how certain he had been even to the point of being able to proselytize upon the brink of death.  Worse, his own heart seemed to tell him that here was the truth he had ignored all these years.  His mind protested not wanting to admit that up until this moment perhaps his life truly had been lived in vain.  The weariness deepened and darkness gnawed at the corners of his vision; the maw of eternity gaped before him and yet he wanted to protest, drag his feet, and hesitate.  
Finally, the moments running out, he gasped, “I do not know you but I know I need you.  Forgive my rebellion, my ignorance, and my hesitation.  I have nothing to offer, but I am yours to use as you will.” 
 A voice like echoed thunder said quietly beside him, “I certainly shall.”

Alia rode swiftly to Astoria, her heart near to breaking for her fallen companions.  The infant traveled well for one so new to the world and she wondered what hope rested upon the shoulders of one so small and innocent.  The unicorn revealed his true form as they ran through the streets of Astoria that none might bar their way.  The guards upon the castle gates watched curiously but allowed the strange woman to pass unhindered.  It was not often that one not of the Brethren ever rode upon the back of so legendary a creature.  They gaped even more to see the stranger clutching a very young child to her breast.  She slid from the saddle and glanced about in near desperation, “I must see your Lady immediately concerning happenings in Kyra.”  
A servant ran immediately to ask after the Lady’s availability and returned swiftly to lead the strange young woman to stand before their legendary leader.  Alia told her story and presented the child and his accessories to the astonished Lady who replied, “these are certainly tragic tidings and we shall tend to the child as his mother wishes.  Now what of you my dear?  You who have traveled so far and risked so much; what is your part in this tale?”  The infant was given into the care of a childless woman and her husband who were delighted to have such a charge.  Alia was finally able to realize her goal of joining the Brethren.

The years passed and the child grew into a boy verging on manhood.  For ten years, he grew up quietly at home thinking no more of himself than any other peasant’s son.  At ten years of age he was allowed to go to Astoria to further his education with the renowned knowledge and teaching skills of the Brethren.  At fifteen, he was convinced he wanted to become one of them.  He stood before the Lady that day, nervous but hopeful to have his request granted.  She looked at him quietly for a few moments and a small sadness seemed to flit through her eyes for a moment but was soon replaced with dead seriousness.  She said, “Ian, I cannot grant that which you ask.”  
He gaped and without thinking asked, “what have I done or not done that you will not allow me to join you?”  
She smiled and said gently, “it is nothing of your doing but concerns a greater duty you must first fulfill.”  He looked at her in absolute confusion as she continued, “as you are well aware, the Brethren cannot rule even a city, let alone a country save perhaps the Lady of Astoria.  You cannot take your Oath because you are the rightful heir to the throne of Kyra and the time has come for you to journey thither and claim your birthright.”  He looked at her as if she had gone mad.
She continued, “your father, the former King of Kyra was killed upon a hunting foray and many suspect his brother in the crime.  Your uncle now rules Kyra with an iron fist and oppresses your people severely.  Your father died before your birth and your mother feared for your life so sent you hence that you might grow up in safety.  Your twin sister and mother yet reside upon your family estates in Kyra.  Nothing is known to anyone outside the Brethren and a few faithful servants of your existence.  My hope, and the hope of all Kyra, is that you return to the land of your birth and claim the throne that is rightfully yours and rule your people more justly than their current King.  This is why I must deny you the Oath.”  
He gaped at her and finally said, “I understand and know I must take this quest upon myself if only for the sake of the suffering Kyrans, but how am I, a mere boy to challenge a King?”  
The Lady smiled warmly, “I will send several of the Brethren with you along with certain proofs of your valid claim to the throne.  You must know this is a very dangerous quest; four men and two unicorns have already died in the events surrounding your birth.  The King has many dangerous servants and advisors who will aid him in thwarting your efforts at all costs.”  
Ian bowed deeply and said, “it is a risk I must take.  What if I fail?”  
The Lady smiled, “short of death I do not think you shall fail.”  
He smiled weakly, “my only regret is not being able to serve you as one of the Brethren.”  
She smiled warmly and said, “if you survive this ordeal and still have the interest in sixty years or so after you have passed your reign onto your children, I see no reason why you cannot yet join the Brethren.”  He smiled deeply at her sincerity and wondered if his zeal could be so strong as to last six decades.
Alia and three others were dispatched to accompany the aspiring prince to Kyra.  He carried with him a letter written by his mother and sealed with the royal signet ring, the crystal star charm, and his late father’s sword.  It was early autumn and the weather was perfect for travel; the party made excellent progress and was soon nearing the borders of Kyra.  It was at this point in their travels that Ian felt the adventure was about to begin; until now, he had been in a blissful half-dream but now was not the time for childish fancies when the fate of a nation rested upon his very inadequate shoulders.  It was late afternoon and the sun had set all the world afire in shades of richest gold when a lone traveler approached the party upon the road.  He drew rein and waited patiently for the party to approach.  
One of the men asked as they drew nigh, “why do you bar our way stranger.”  
The stranger suppressed a smile of secret amusement and said, “I do not bar your path but simply wish to join your party.  I have come to aid you in your endeavors.”  
The Brother laughed, “and what could you know of our errand?”  
The stranger replied, “I have come to see finished the errand I began fifteen years ago.”  
“And what errand would that be stranger?” asked the Brother cautiously.  
The man smiled sheepishly and said, “to see a proper King restored to Kyra.”  
“What part did you play in that sad tale,” asked the Brother in confusion, “I thought there were none living, save those in our party, to finish what was begun so long ago.”  
“Alia can testify to my involvement,” said the man strangely. 
All the while, Alia had been staring at the stranger in astonishment and could not quite believe her eyes.  With his statement she said in doubt and horror, “Kipril?  Is it truly you?  I thought you long dead!  What became of the Advisor to the King, his mount certainly felt him die.”  
Kipril glanced towards the ground and then ruefully met her astonished gaze, “you know me for truly myself.  Not long after you left, my attacker came to finish me only to find me not alone.  They fought, the sinister man was killed, and my valiant protector did not long survive him.  I was on the brink of death when I finally realized sense and surrendered my life, failing as it was, to the Master.  The Master himself was in that room and took me at my word.  He healed my wound and set me immediately upon this task.  To you it has been fifteen years; to me it has been only a few minutes!  I do not know what shall become of me once all is ended.  I may perhaps live on for years or I might fall to dust the moment the King is crowned.  At least my life will not have been lived completely in vain.”  
The little company stared at him in astonishment, but the Brethren knew he spoke truly no matter how hard it was to believe.  Alia smiled at her long lost friend and said, “then welcome back my friend.  What counsel can you give us about matters in Kyra?”
Kipril said, “as you know, the King is a vile tyrant and sorely tries his people.  What you may not know is that the men behind the deaths of three of your comrades fifteen years ago secretly aid and advise the King.  The Queen and her daughter still live quietly in the country but the King has his eye on the girl as a prospective bride for his own son and heir.  I suggest we break into two parties.  Alia, the boy, and I shall ride to the former Queen’s estates and the rest of you shall ride to Yorka and assess the situation there.  We shall meet you as soon as we have apprised the Queen of her son’s return.”  The others quickly agreed and they set off immediately for their assigned destinations.  
As Alia and her companions made camp that night, Ian asked, “how can this be?”  
Alia laughed, “how can you have spent so many years among the Brethren and not believe in miracles?”  
Ian smiled ruefully, “I suppose I do but I thought they only ever happened to other people.  The Master truly does work in wonderful and mysterious ways!”  
They rode on, avoided the patrols once they crossed into Kyra, and soon found themselves upon the Queen’s estates.  Alia presented the star trinket to the guards at the great gates before the ancient house and a servant was quickly sent to inquire after the Queen.  The astonished servant quickly returned and ushered the strangers into his lady’s presence.  All three bowed and the aging woman stared in wonder and joy at her long sundered son.  Finally each found the courage to embrace and a quick round of wondering questions and excited chatter followed.  
After Ian met his sister and mother and all their curiosity and joy had momentarily been satisfied Alia asked, “how go things in Kyra?  Are they as bad as we have heard?  Any idea how the boy is to retake the throne?”  
The queen said, “things are bad enough, especially for the commoners.  In usual circumstances, Ian would present himself to the royal lawyers who would then decide whether he was the legal heir to the throne, but these are far from usual circumstances.  I fear his uncle will kill him regardless.”  
Kipril said, “I think secrecy will not avail us.  Let us present ourselves before the entire court that a knife in the dark will not end all their worries.  With enough witnesses perhaps the King will step down as he rightfully should.  If he will not, then we will do what we must.  He may challenge you to a duel for the crown and I am sure there will be treachery in the mix.”  
Ian said firmly, “I will do what I must.”  
They all agreed to the sketchy plan and the three set off at once with the Queen to follow after with the intent of attending court on the following evening when Ian would make his claims.  They reached Yorka the following morning and met with the three that had gone ahead who agreed completely with their suppositions.  The Brethren could not take the throne by force, but neither could the current King legally deny the claims of his nephew.  His only recourse would be to have the upstart murdered, a dangerous task since all the city would soon know of the challenge to his throne or to challenge him to and best him in a duel.

The servants of evil had not been lax these many years either.  They had a spy in the midst of the Queen’s servants and the moment he saw the star trinket he knew the game was afoot.  He made his way to the city and swiftly reported his suspicions to his dark masters.  So it was when the young renegade came to make his claims, the King and his sinister advisors were not taken unawares.  They could have barred the youth an audience but then he would have made a scene in the street.  He was too well protected to be silently murdered and it would be good to show the court exactly how such rebels were dealt with.  The King actually looked forward to the confrontation and his associates would make sure that he was the victor.  As expected, he made his appearance at court the following evening.  
There was much gossip amongst the bystanders as the King had allowed word of the imposter to be spread abroad.  Alia, Kipril, and his mother accompanied him to stand before the King; the rest of the Brethren spread out to make sure no ambush was imminent.  Ian said in a voice for all to hear, “I hereby lay claim to the throne of Kyra held unjustly these fifteen years by the murderer of my father.”  
The King laughed, “have you any proof boy that I killed your father or that you are even the late King’s son?” 
Ian stood his ground and said, “I have no proof you murdered my father save the certainty in my heart.  But I have ample proof I am the son of the late King.”  He proffered his proofs and the royal lawyers examined the documents and artifacts for authenticity.
The King said, “I thought this woman bore a girl child.”  
The former Queen spoke, “I gave birth to twins that night.  The boy was safely hidden until he was of an age to claim his birthright.”  
The King scoffed, “a likely story, you simply found a youth of the correct age and indoctrinated him.”  
Alia spoke, “nay Sire, it was I that bore this very child to Astoria fifteen years ago.  Know by the Oath that it is true.”  
The King looked to the lawyers, “well?”  
They nodded grimly, “the artifacts and proofs seem to be quite real.  Can anyone bear testimony to the Queen’s story?”  
An aged woman emerged from the crowd and the ancient midwife said, “she speaks truly.  I was there when she gave birth and delivered a boy and a girl that night.”  
“Very well,” said the King in much glee, “who is to say that you are the legal heir to the throne?  Why must I vacate that which is lawfully mine?”  
Alia spoke, “Kyran law states that in the presence of an immature heir, a Steward may be appointed until the boy is of age at which point he will assume the throne.  Your reign is legally at an end.  You are also accused of gaining the throne through treacherous means which would also nullify your right to reign.”  
“You have no proof,” snarled the King, “and I will not relinquish the throne to this no name upstart.  If he wants the throne he must step over my dead body to gain it; I challenge him to a duel.”  
Ian looked concerned, “must I fight him?”  
The royal lawyers looked grim, “under these circumstances it would violate all our customs not to.  You have no legal requirements as such, but the people would not respect you if you declined.  I also think your uncle would prove a dangerous enemy were he allowed to live.”  
The King gave him a dangerous look and the lawyer replied, “I was only stating the obvious Sire, no insult was meant on your behalf.”
The King glared at his nephew, “well?”  
The boy drew his sword in answer, the audience drew back to give them room to fight, and the King grinned as he drew his own blade and approached the boy.  The lawyer intoned in a dreary voice for what seemed a decade the various rules before allowing the combatants to bow and face one another.  The boy was young but skilled, the old man experienced but out of practice.  They whirled about in a deadly dance while the dark aides of the King drew their own weapons to aid the King by treachery should such be necessary.  The Brethren held their own swords at the ready seeing what the sinister men intended.  It was the stamina of the younger man that won the day as his weary uncle knelt before him with chest heaving wildly for air.  He mocked between breathes, “finish me boy or they shall think you too weak to rule.”  
The boy shook his head, “no, you shall stand trial for my father’s murder.  I will not make you a martyr or give you the honor of a swift death.”  
At that moment, the sinister men in the crowd made to fall upon the boy but were met by an equal number of the Brethren.  The King seeing his future looking bleak and his treacherous friends fighting for their lives, lunged forward with sword drawn upon the distracted boy.  The blade buried itself deeply in Kipril’s chest as he leapt between Ian and his murderous uncle.  Seeing his own doom near to hand, the vile King took his own life rather than losing it justly to the headsman.  His vile henchmen did likewise rather than reveal their sinister allegiance.
The court was in uproar and confusion until the Brethren and heir apparent finally managed to calm them.  No one understood why the dark men had dissolved into an oily puddle of goo upon death but the matter was soon forgotten as the lawyers proclaimed Ian the rightful heir to the throne now that his uncle was most certainly dead.  Some of the more treacherous nobles made to sneak out but the Brethren barred their way until the new King could deal with them justly.  
Ian stared down in dismay at Kipril’s shattered form, “I should be the one lying dead.”  
Alia put a reassuring hand upon his back and smiled sadly at her fallen friend, “he was already assumed dead in your service Sire; it just happened a little later than we all thought.  He knew well his duty and carried it out faithfully.  We can all only hope to die so nobly.  We will mourn a little, but grief should not be our constant companion, for we shall meet again beyond time if we remain faithful until the end ourselves.”  The King was crowned and ruled his people justly for many years and once his own son was well established upon the throne, Ian quietly vanished and only his nearest kin and the Brethren knew what became of him after.  The poet who thought himself no hero lived on in song and story long after Kyra itself had passed out of memory.


In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’


There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.


Excerpt from ‘On Princesses: A Foible’

Once upon a time in a land far away (as all such lands certainly are), there was born a Princess, and like all such royal children, her birth caused quite a stir in the Kingdom, for certainly this was a herald of troubles to come, for is it not so in all such tales?  Quite sensibly therefore, in anticipation of this unknown but very certain threat to his Crown and Kingdom, the King sent his only child away for her sake and for all other sakes in the Kingdom.  With a sigh of relief and a bit of grief, the loving but dutiful parents sent their child into another world where she might remain until the Appointed Time when the threat of all potential disasters would be long past and she could return safely to the realm.  The place where the wizards banished the poor dear was a weird and wild place, filled with all manner of strange and bizarre creatures, and this was the opinion of people who had seen unicorns and dragons and centaurs.  
It was a place where no sane villain (and very few of the crazy ones) would think to look for such a personage, for what parent would dare send their beloved child There?  Besides for the inanity of sending a royal child to such a place (which was precisely the reason to do it), there was also the fact that it would be the perfect place for her to grow up and learn all the things children of noble birth must know: namely that oneself is the most important entity in the known universe.  For the citizens of this strange and distant land had long ago forgotten their past, cared little for their futures, and could really care less about anyone but themselves.  It was a whole civilization of folk who thought they were aristocrats or at least thought they should be.  It was perfect!  Or at least it should have been, for the one problem with raising a completely self-absorbed person is trying to get them to notice or do anything not immediately associated with themselves.

“Gertrude!” shrieked a prissy female at the top of her lungs and voice range, “Gertrude!  I am in desperate need of your help!  Eeek!”  
Gertrude dashed up the stairs at her sister’s frantic call for aide, which in itself was not disturbing, for Clarisse must cry out in vexation at least a dozen times a day, but that she would ask for help from her sister was nearly unthinkable.  She either sought help from her indulgent parents, her elder but not wiser sister Missy, or from one of the equally flighty young women who always seemed to hang about her like the pox, but never would she deign to demand the assistance of her geeky twin sister.  It must be something truly desperate indeed to draw such a cry for help when Gertrude was the only person within auditory range capable of rendering aide.  Gertrude dashed into the bathroom where Clarisse was putting the finishing touches on her hours’ long morning ritual only to find the whole morning’s labor disfigured by a look of utter horror.  Now this look on anyone else might cause the observer a moment of pity but it occupied Clarisse’s face so often that those familiar with her seldom seemed to notice save in times of dire emergency such as this.  The panic filled eyes were focused on the bathroom mirror which had moments ago displayed only her gorgeous countenance but now her visage was obscured by a rather lengthy message scrawled out within the mirror itself, for no amount of wiping or scratching would efface the writing.  
Shrieked Clarisse as Gertrude ran into the little room, “what can it mean?  Oh, what can it mean?  How can hackers and telemarketers have gained access to my bathroom mirror?  I have already destroyed or deleted this message many times over, only to have it appear here!”  Gertrude was quite intrigued and even on the tingling verge of that excitement every true geek knows when an adventure is before them.  She read the message again and again, and with each reading her smile deepened while Clarisse could only stare at her in growing mystification.  Finally she groused, “why are you smiling like an idiot?  This had better not be some trick of your nerdy friends!”  
Gertrude faced her twin sister and said, “how could you have let this go for so long?  It says quite plainly that this is the five thousand one hundred and sixth time this message has been relayed!  How can you be so oblivious?  What other messages have you received?”  
Clarisse smiled frivolously and said, “oh, they have tried to contact me by every means possible.  They even sent me a letter!  Who sends letters in this day and age?  I cannot get away from this harassment, even in my own bathroom!  Every means by which to communicate has been tried and has failed, for I will not believe these hackers, whoever they are.  Are you sure this is not some weird trick from your even weirder friends?”  
Gertrude laughed grimly, “my friends are too enlightened to try entangling you in such a plot.  They would never waste their time.”  She sighed deeply, “But alas, it is real and for some reason beyond comprehension this adventure has fallen to you.”  She brightened then and said, “of course I must come with you because you will be completely inept upon such a quest.”  
Clarisse gaped, “you believe this nonsense?  You really think this is wise or safe or socially acceptable?”  Gertrude laughed as she grabbed her sister’s hand and drew her out of the bathroom and down the hall towards the bedrooms, saying, “it is certainly none of those but you are not going to miss this if I can help it!”  Clarisse was too mystified to do anything but follow in confused astonishment.  
The full text of the writing was as follows, “My Dearest Madam, please be informed that we have tried reaching you by various means, on several occasions (5,106 to be exact).  We were loath to send this message in this manner as it is quite intolerable to separate one’s royal personage from one’s royal reflection but we are quite desperate.  Please proceed to the Park and enter the first horse drawn vehicle you encounter and all will be well.  If you fail in this endeavor many lives, including possibly your own, shall be grievously touched.  Ever Yours, The Royal Secretary of Lofrenier.”  Clarisse could not comprehend in the least what Gertrude knew almost before she read the message: it must be magical and therefore an adventure, but who was senseless enough to ask for help from such a person as Clarisse?  Regardless, this thing must be done and there was no way that Gertrude was going to miss it.
They stopped in Clarisse’s room and Gertrude ransacked her as until now forbidden closet.  She finally drew forth a long dress that might be just the thing, or as close to the thing as she could convince Clarisse to wear in public.  Clarisse was aghast to see Gertrude digging in her closet but then even more mortified when she demanded that she wear last year’s prom dress out in the streets!  The poor old dress was so terribly out of fashion that Clarisse would be forced to remain out of social reach for at least a week if she were foolish enough to give in to her sister’s ravings.  Gertude solved this small problem by dashing from the room and presenting her sister with a veil.  At first Clarisse had no idea what the filmy material was and then it occurred to her that she could then appease her sister (also something she had never done) and also be out and about without causing a riot and being recognized as she had feared.  As she donned the clothing, still not understanding but so shocked with the morning’s events that she dared not defy her sister, Gertrude dashed from the room and returned almost instantly garbed in one of those weird ensembles she insisted on wearing to Medieval Fairs and Sci-Fi Conventions but this outfit was much more appropriate to the former than the latter.  
“You look like Robin Hood,” laughed Clarisse, as Gertrude tied up the back of her dress.  
Gertrude grinned and said, “one of us had better.  Come my Lady!”  They donned a pair of cloaks (also quite unfashionable) and made their way out the door and towards the park.
“I still can’t believe we are doing this,” said Clarisse as they entered the park.  
Gertrude grinned and said, “I cannot believe you are doing this, but I can easily believe I am doing this.”  
Clarisse nodded dully, remembering all the times her weird sister had dressed up to attend movie premiers, book signings, and conventions.  On their own street, had there been anyone to observe they might have been remarked, but in the park they were quite overlooked as the various denizens thereof were even more aberrantly arrayed than themselves.  There were the punk kids with their tattered clothes, chains, tattoos, and interesting hair colors.  There was a wedding party posing for pictures.  There was a herd of young people wearing nothing but black, complete with stygian hair and make-up.  There were clowns and street performers and old ladies with blue hair, and in the mix no one noticed the pair of oddly clad young ladies. They had circled the park halfway when finally a vehicle drawn by something of vaguely equine descent stood waiting as had the Handsome Cabs of London in bygone years.  Clarisse gave one desperate look to her sister who only laughed excitedly and drew her into the buggy.
The door closed behind them, the driver whipped up the beast, and off they rattled.  It was completely dark in the little carriage, for the windows were covered and the doors were shut.  Clarisse wondered if perhaps she had wandered into a bad dream.  Gertrude was so happy she hoped she would not wake up and spoil it; her only disappointment was that her sister seemed to be the heroine of this tale rather than herself.  They rattled on for what seemed hours but was perhaps only five minutes when the driver stopped the creature pulling the vehicle, descended from his perch, and opened the door while bowing deeply to its occupants.  They stood before an enormous castle that blushed crimson with the rising sun.  A middle aged man and woman, both handsome and wearing crowns, stood upon the great steps and stared in wonder at Clarisse; they had yet to notice Gertrude in their excitement.  
Finally the woman spoke, “welcome home Princess!”  
Gertrude gaped, “you are a princess?  Well, I should have known!  That explains everything!”  
“And who is this?” asked the man in some amusement.  
Clarisse stuttered, quite overcome, “my sister.”  
The Royal pair exchanged an amused smile and the Queen said gently, “but child, you have no siblings.  Perhaps she is your adopted sister but certainly she is not of Royal Blood.”  
Clarisse’s eyes widened with shock and she said joyfully, “we are not related?  That is wonderful!  I knew she was too strange to be a blood relative!  I at first suspected aliens, but I suppose this is a reasonable alternative.  What did you say about me being a Princess?”  Quickly the whole tale was told about how the girl’s birth was certainly a proclamation of doom and how she had been sent to another world for everybody’s sake and how her mother in that strange land had only had one baby but somehow everyone thought she had had two quite unidentical twins.  And now, the time had come for Clarisse to marry and live happily ever after.  Clarisse gaped, “but how can I marry someone I do not even know?  Maybe if he is a Prince and terribly handsome…”  
Said the King, “certainly he is a Prince and Princes by definition must be handsome.  You must marry him or Dread Things might result.”

