


The Adventures Of Ronny Macabre





Chapter 1





	A long, black limousine pulled up a large driveway to a gothic style building covered in gargoyles and wide eyed stone  saints. As the vehicle pulled to a stop, a woman with a large hat covered in feathers and bows opened the door forcefully, talking loudly on her cell phone. 

	“ Shut up!, just shut up Harold,  I know what I'm doing, just trust me for once in your miserable 	life!” 
A skinny old  chauffer opened the door next to the loud woman's, a teenage boy with jet black hair, a black t-shirt and jeans emerged with earphone. With a sigh, he closed the car door and waited for his step mother to get off the phone. 
	“ No Harold, we've discussed this!, he is not staying in Westbrooke with us.... I need my space from the little urchin, he's driving me insane!”.  The conversation continued to grow a little more heated until the woman with the feathered hat had had enough and hung up the phone with a final nasty goodbye. 

“Ronny!”.  Screeched the woman as she made her way up the stone steps disappearing into the school named Rindwood, it's large letters carved into the granite building above. Ronny rolled his eyes and followed his headstrong stepmother inside. The school smelled of old varnish, and dust. The walls covered with paintings of old headmasters their grim faces staring back at Ronny as if they were alive. Ronny smiled, he could get used to this place. 

“Why hello Mrs. Macabre is it? An older gentleman came out of nowhere wearing a tweed suit and a long grey mustache. 

Ronny's step-mother gave the gentleman a dirty look. 
	
	“It's Livingston she replied sticking up her nose, I don't go by  my husband's horrible name.” 

	“My apologies madam, may I show the school, young Mr. Macabre will be staying upstairs. 

	“I have a hair appointment and I'm really late, so can we just skip that? Anyway, continued Ronny's stepmother, he'll be fine, “won't you shnookums, Ronnie's stepmother replied pinching the boy's cheeks in a sarcastic voice. 

	“Very.... well madam.” was all the headmaster could say as he watched Ronnie's stepmother walk out of the building without even a goodbye, her pink high heels click clacking on the marble floor.

	“Come with me, the headmaster replied extending his hand forward.

Ronnie followed the older gentleman up a long set of stairs, to a upstairs dormitory. It was quiet, and unusually so. 

	“Ah, number 45 your room, the headmaster said in a eerie voice.. As the headmaster opened the door, the smell of wet socks, and dirty laundry permeated the room, a boy around Ronnie's age lay on his bed looking at comic books. 

	“A-hmmm!”.  The headmaster said loudly. 

The boy hurriedly got up and stood at attention. 

“Mr. Graipes, the headmaster said in an annoyed voice. “Aren't you supposed to be in the library at this hour?.” 

“Uh... I don't know”. 

 replied the boy scratching his head. I thought I was doin what I was supposed ta.” 

The headmaster gave the boy a funny look sticking up  his beaked nose. 

	“Ronald, this is your room, make yourself at home, dinner will be served promptly at six.” 

The headmaster quickly left, his coattails flipping up behind him. 

	“Howdy!”.  said the boy from the bed putting down his comic book. “I'm Duncan Graipes, and you is?.” 

Ronny ignored Duncan's introduction and starting unpacking his suitcase. 

	“You is shy?” ain't ya? Smiled Duncan. “That's ok. we''ll be friends in no time. 

Ronny gave Duncan a fake smile. 

	“Hey, why does you wear makeup? I thought only women folk wore stuff like that?

Ronny didn't answer. 

“Alrighty..... well I's gonna go get some grub, See ya later compadre replied Duncan licking his lips. 

	As Duncan left, Ronny slumped on his bed, sighing mournfully, sticking his earphones into his ear, and listening to his favorite rock band Fly whip. As Ronny closed his eyes, drumming along to the music, he felt someone watching him. Ronny opened one eye to see a strange girl with bright blonde hair and blue eyes  gawking at him as if he were some strange animal in the zoo. The girl stared for some time until a short boy with a blue sweater and tie pulled her away, whispering something in her ear. 
	As the voices from the boys hall died down. Ronny lay on his back looking up at the ceiling. The lights began to flicker, and suddenly went out. Even Ronny's CD player stopped working. 

	“What the..... Ronny whispered getting up and trying to flick the old electric light, but nothing happened. 
	After a couple of minutes of dark, the lights suddenly turned back on and on the floor of Ronny's dorm room, lay a small gold key. Ronny quickly jilted off his bed, grabbed the key, and hid it 	under his mattress. What a weird place thought Ronny to himself, but to Ronny Macabre, nothing was really that out of the ordinary, strange things happened to him all the time. 

The next morning, Ronny sat in his English class, the teacher writing their assignment on the board, the chalk screeching loudly. Ronny slumped in his seat, his head resting on his hand. 
	
	“You should really sit up straight”.  came a voice next to him, I mean you look like a hunchback.” 

Ronny ignored the statement. 

	“Excuse me!”.  Hissed the voice quietly.” I'm talking to you.” You just don't ignore someone when they're talking to you, you know?.” 

“Look”.  said Ronny. “I don't really care ok? 

The girl, a small petite thing with raven black hair and almond shaped eyes glared at Ronny and looked forward again. Suddenly Ronny had a strange de-ja-vu moment, he was no longer in the classroom but in a ballroom, dancing with a beautiful girl with blonde hair wearing a blue gown, a string quartet playing in the background. The vision didn't last long because all Ronny could hear was his English teacher's screechy voice.

	“Mr. Macabre?”
	“Mr. Macabre!!!!”

“Wha?, what? Stammered Ronny. The whole class laughed.

	“ I asked you a question Mr. Macabre, but you appeared to be somewhere else.” 

	“I'd like to be somewhere else”.  said Ronny under his breath as the bell rang and he gathered his books. 

	As Ronny walked through the crowded hall, lockers loudly slamming around him, he wondered why he was having these issues again after all this time, after 6 years, he thought they had been gone forever. 








6 years before

	

	“Ronny?. Ronny sweety?. Are you almost ready?. Ronny's mother yelled looking at her watch and   folding the last of the clothes on the couch waiting for her son to come downstairs so she could take him to his drama club practice. 
	
	“Coming Mom!”. Ronny yelled from upstairs, putting on his costume. 

When the boy finally emerged, his face crimson red, his mother put her arm tenderly around him and 

gave him a kiss on the forehead. 

	“Don't worry, you're gonna be great” his mother tried to reassure him, but Ronny wasn't so 

certain. After all, he hadn't wanted to be a fairy prince in the first place. 

	As Ronny got out of the car, his friend Britney was waiting for him, with a big smile on her face, her braces gleaming in the sunlight. 

	“Wow, Ronny she said trying not to laugh, I am so.... sorry.” finally the girl couldn't hold it in anymore and started laughing profusely. 
	
	“Ok, ok, said Ronny rolling his eyes, “let's just get this over with”. 

 The boy tried to pull the wedgie out of his pants, unfortunately the tights were a size smaller after his mom had washed them.

All the kids in the fifth grade class were gathered on the stage, waiting for the practice to begin. Ronny and Britney stood in their assigned place.  
	
	“Well look who it is, said a large boy with spiky blonde hair, “if it isn't twinkle dork Macabre” 

All the other kids laughed, Ronny turning bright red. 

	“Leave him alone Sean! It's not his fault Mrs. Parker gave him the part. Britney glared at the 

large boy, her fist clenched by her side. 

	“Looks like  your girlfriend is sticking up for you again Macabre'.  Sean laughed. 
	
	“At least I have one!”.  said Ronny with a smile.”  no one would go out with you if their life depended on it.” Not with that monster zit” 
	
The other kids started to laugh and point, Sean trying not to cry as he covered the large pimple with his hand. 

	“When did I become your girlfriend? Whispered Britney in a confused voice. 
	
	“ Since now, replied Ronny with a smile. Britney smiled back, Ronny liked her braces, they made her look like a robot. 

	“Places!, places everyone!”.  Ronny's teacher Mrs. Apple-bottom exclaimed excitedly clapping her hands. 

As the rehearsal started, it came closer and closer for Ronny to say his one line in the play. Sweat poured down the boy's face. Ronny hated this drama club and most of all, he hated people, especially lots of them. Finally after the girl that played the princess said her line, it was Ronny's turn. Ronny went to the front of the stage, gulping down a whole gallon of spit. 

	“Um, er, began Ronny in a quiet voice. 

	“It's ok sweetie”. came a voice from the seats below the stage. “. take a deep breath and pretend that no one is there” 

Ronny peered down towards the dark seats of the school auditorium just barely making out the outline of an old woman that looked very familiar. 

	“Grandma?”.  Ronny said under his breath, the boy began to turn white. 

	“Is everything alright Ronny sweetie? Came his teacher's voice. 
	
The whole class started to laugh. This wasn't normal Ronny thought to himself, Granny had passed away the year before, it couldn't be her. Could it?.




Chapter 2


Ronny quickly found out that Rindwood hall awakened at night like it had been a sleeping giant that had slumbered for a thousand years. When Mr. Sydney the hall monitor retired for bed, the whole dorm quietly creeped from their rooms and the fun began. Wiping the sleep from his eyes, Ronny emerged from his room to see everything in chaos, the girls had come from the other side, people were playing games, drinking pop, and playing loud music. 

	“What the.....”.  Ronny scratched his head suddenly the girl from before with the golden blonde hair bumping into him. 

“Oh..... I'm sorry replied the blonde in a low alto voice, I didn't see you” 

The girl  giggled covering her mouth with her pale white hand, a shorter boy with a purple blazer glaring at Ronny under horn rimmed glasses. 

	“Come Marcie!”.  said the boy pulling the girl along, “you know how you get when you don't take your vitamins.” 
	
	“But Chalmers, whined the girl, I want to talk to him.... he's really... cute!” 

The boy in the purple blazer grumbled under his breath, looking at his wristwatch.
	 
	“Sorry Marcie but we can't we just can't, you can talk to him.... I'm sorry... what's your name?.” 

	“Uh, Ronny” 

	“Ronny, tomorrow, all right?”

Marcie continued to whimper as Chalmers pushed her towards the girl's side. Ronny rolled his eyes, he secretly hoped he wouldn't run into Marcie ever... again. 

	“Well howdy pardner!” I didn't know you was awake, come and meet everyone!” 

	“Leave me alone Duncan hissed Ronny, I don't want to meet anyone” I'm going back to bed. 

	“And miss all the fun? Duncan grabbed Ronny's shirt and pulled him to a group sitting on the floor playing cards. 

	“Duncan! Hissed Ronny trying to pry the boy's hand off his shirt, but Duncan's grip was too s	trong. 


	“Hey everyone! Said Duncan excitedly “This here is my room mate Ronny. 

Everyone stared at Ronny like he was some sideshow act at a circus for a split second and then somehow forgot that he looked like something out of the Addam's family. 
	
	“This here's Tia Wong”.  Announced Duncan with a smile,” be careful with this one”.  whispered Duncan “ she's got quite a mouth on 'er, she's a spitfire she is.” 

	“I heard that... Duncan! Hissed Tia with a glare, and I've met Ronny already” 

	“And you know Rhonda, Phil, and Francisco from English class continued Duncan 	enthusiasticaly.  All three waved at Ronny. 

	“As... nice as this was said Ronny It was nice to meet you all, but I'm... really tired yawned 

Ronny, and quickly darted toward his room, the rest of the group looking on with strange stares. 

	“Sorry bout him apologized Duncan, he's a little shy. 

	“A little shy?, I think he's downright odd if... I say so myself”.  replied Tia boldly. 

	“Well I think he's kinda cute said Rhonda with a giggle, he's so... mysterious” 

	“You would think that said Tia rudely. “ He's severely creepy.” 
	
Ronny  could vaguely hear the conversations from the outside but didn't really care what the others thought, he was going to get through this semester as quickly as possible and then, something caught his attention. 

	“Hey! Did anyone hear that? Came the familiar voice of Marcie. 

Marcie clung to Chalmers like a moss to a rock. 

	“Now calm down Marcie, said Chalmers in a soothing voice rubbing the girl's arm, “We've talked about this 	remember? It's all... in your? 

	“In my head, moaned Marcie, but it's not Chalmy! Not this time!!!” 

	“What is she talking about now Chalmers? replied Tia. 

Chalmers knelt by Tia and whispered in her ear. Tia laughed hysterically. 

	“That's just a made up story, there's no such thing as ghosts anyway. What a dork!” 

	“It's not made up!!! hissed Marcie, I heard her last night in my room, under  my bed. She kept 	me up... all night!!!” 

	“It is ok Senorita, cooed Francisco, kissing Marcie's hand, I will protect you from de witch” 

Chalmers glared at Francisco, pushing him away from Marcie. 
	
	“The witch? Said Ronny quietly, So that must be why all this weird crap is happening”

	Ronny rubbed his eyes as he walked once again into English. Ronny hated English more than anything, especially his new teacher Mrs. Le Poof. Mrs. Le Poof sat in her chair at the front of the classroom trimming her slightly long pink fingernails. The woman had to  be at least in her early sixties and was for some reason, still here, instead of somewhere on Palm Beach in retirement.  Ronny watched the ugly scene from his seat, hoping she wouldn't call on him today, especially if he had one of those things again. 

	“Pssst Ronny!” 

Ronny looked over to see the girl he had met last night, Rhonda. 

	“Hey, do you wanna like hang out today, I need some advice on something. 

Ronny didn't know quite what to say. 

	“Um...... sure I guess. Replied Ronny with a fake smile. The girl seemed a little nuts but if it got him away from Duncan than anything was better. 

After his classes, Ronny met Rhonda at her room. If you could call it that. The dorm room was cluttered with clothes everywhere, hanging on the bed, the chairs, and the chandelier. And they were all 

dripping wet still. 

	“ Sorry about the mess explained Rhonda, I don't get visitors very often, and my room mate isn't ever around. 

Ronny nodded and tried not to step on the massive piles of dirty clothes already on the floor. 

	“ So where ya from? Said Rhonda in a muffled voice from the closet. 

	“ Uh, Boston, said Ronny trying to find a place to sit down. 

	“I'm from Cincinatti said Rhonda excitedly, a pair of jeans flying through the air from the closet, hitting the wall with a loud smacking sound. 

	“ Here it is!, Rhonda emerged from the closet carrying her stereo. “Now, please be honest with me Ronny cause I really want your opinion, your the first person that has actually let me sing to them” 

Rhonda flicked back her side pony tail and started buzzing her lips loudly, and then made strange shrieking noises. Ronny felt very uncomfortable at this point, but didn't say so. 

	“Ok, sighed Rhonda, I'm ready. The girl smiled showing bright pink braces matching her pink shirt and purple pants. Music began to play, a song Ronny had heard many times. 

	“Hey um... Ronny interrupted. I was wondering... could we bypass this and talk about something else?” 

Rhonda looked like she was about to cry
	
	“But don't you wanna hear me sing? Blubbered Rhonda. 

	“Um, yeah in a minute said Ronny but first I have something to ask you” 

	“Oooh! I love questions said Rhonda doing a dive onto her bed beside Ronny. So.. what's up?

	“This is probably going to sound really stupid but... I heard everyone talking about this ghost thing that haunts the school, do you... know anything about that? Ronny became nervous. He felt like an idiot. 

	“Oh sure!!! exclaimed Rhonda excitedly, everyone knows that story. Some girl like died, a long time ago, and like, she's really mad, because like, her son wasn't allowed in the school or something, and so she won't leave until he's like let in.” 

“Have you actually seen her? 

	“Oh no! Rhonda said blowing a bubble and popping it in her face, laughing hysterically, “That's just what everyone says, I mean, she comes back every Halloween and stuff, maybe you'll like see her” 

	Ronny began gathering his backpack and heading towards the door. With a final thanks to Rhonda, he quickly dashed to his room, before anyone else bothered to talk to him. Getting on the school website from his laptop, Ronny looked at the upcoming school events page. Halloween was still a month away so there was still plenty of time to get this stupid thing taken care of. Skimming down the calendar, there was no mention of a ghost or anything that Rhonda had mentioned. Figures, Ronny thought to himself.

	If only he knew the ghost's  name that would make this so much easier. The window blew open a powerful gust of wind blew cold autumn air into Ronny's room, Ronny got up quickly to shut it, but the window was jammed. 
	“Stupid thing!” Ronny cursed using all his available muscle to pull the window shut. The wind continued to blow inside the room, papers flying everywhere, Ronny's poster of Rod Smiting the rock god almost coming off the wall. 

	“Let me help ya there Ronny said Duncan coming into the room. With one tug, Duncan pulled the window shut as if it had been a tiny task. 

“Judas's beard!  How rude of me!”.  said Duncan slapping his forehead.” Ronny, this is my lab pardner Phoebe, she's real smart, and perdy, Duncan began to blush, Phoebe smiled politely. 

	Phoebe had bushy reddish blond hair and pretty brown eyes, but Ronny knew instantly from the moment Phoebe crushed his hand with a tight handshake, that this was no ordinary girl. Ronny tried to pull his hand away, but Phoebe kept her grip, still shaking his hand after a minute or so of the first contact. 

	“Oh, sorry, giggled Phoebe finally realizing that Ronny's hand was turning a purplish-blue 

color, “Sometimes I forget how strong I am, I work on a farm you know during the summers. 

	“Phoebe's pappy owns the farms that raises chickens” Duncan replied enthusiatically, she's a 

country girl at heart, just like me, except I'm a... boy” 

	“Yeah well, I gotta go, said Ronny but it was.... nice to meet you Phoebe” 

	As Ronny went out the door, something was waiting for him at his feet, a small bone. Ronny picked up the bone quickly before anyone noticed and rushed to the school library. Bone, bone” Ronny mumbled to himself, what was with this random bone at his door, and how could a random bone fly through his window like that. And then it hit him. 

As Ronny rushed out the dorm building into the cool New England air, he bumped into a girl that had raven black hair and purple lips, her eyes a strange bluish green color. 

	“I'm sorry”.  mumbled the strange girl picking up her books, “I can be.... so clumsy sometimes. 

	“Oh it's totally fine, I wasn't looking where I was going obviously said Ronny turning red. “ 

The strange girl smiled. 

	“I'm Olga replied the girl picking up her last book, I'm exchange student. 
	
	“Um, Ronny, I'm really sorry.... again” 

	“Nice to meet.... Ronny” replied Olga with a last smile and walked off towards the library. 

	“Wow, sighed Ronny with a lovestruck smile on his white face, 
	
	“Get it together Ronny, Ronny slapped himself snapping himself out of his love spell. With one final smile, Ronny headed toward the large hill in the back of the school. Ronny had heard there was an old cemetery, but it was strange to him that there would be one at a school of all places. The old cemetery had an small rusted iron gate surrounding it, a few moldy tombstones inside. Ronny gazed at the various names carved on the stones. And then, in a secluded spot far away from the rest of the dead was a stone hidden away as if it had no place among the others. 

Ronny could barely make out the inscription carved on the tombstone but from what he could read, it said Wilhelmina Williamsburg? Ronny thought to himself, is she related to the guy who founded the school? And why was she buried so far away from everyone else. Wait? Ronny thought to himself, she's the one. 

Just then a cold eerie feeling went up Ronnie's spine. She was standing right behind him Ronny thought to himself. Trying to gain the confidence to turn around, Ronny slowly turned his head, only to find something he didn't expect, Marcie. 

Marcie stood sheepishly, her hand over her face, her eyes fixed stoicly on Ronnie. 

	“Oh... it's just you.” said Ronnie scratching his head, his leg fidgeting. 

Marcie giggled loudly walking towards Ronnie. 

	“I followed you here, Marcie giggled again. 

Ronnie felt that same awkward feeling come back again. He didn't like the way Marcie was looking at him. 

	“Where's Chalmers? Said Ronnie with a smirk, I thought he was your bodyguard or something.” 

Marcie rolled her eyes, putting her hand on her hips as if she suddenly got an attitude. 

	“He's not... my bodyguard, ok? “he's just.. my friend.” “he's just a little overprotective is all.” 

Ronnie nodded as if he knew what she was talking about. 

	“Anyways, I came because your room mate told me your into ghosts and stuff... I know all about em.” 

Ronnie perked up. 

	“So you know about the ghost that haunts the school then? .” asked Ronnie excitedly. 

Marcie nodded, her blue eyes lighting up. 

	“I know.. all about that ghost.. she bugs me every night when I'm tryin to sleep.” Makin all this racket... how am I supposed to get my beauty sleep.” 

Ronnie tried not to laugh. Sadly Marcie, was no beauty. 

	“So... said Marcie breaking the silence, if you wanna see her, meet me at my room at curfue, 

and she'll be right there waitin for ya.” 

±



	“9:00!!!! barked a shrill voice coming from the room at the end of the hall. 

Everyone scattered like rats back to their burrows, Ronnie the only one left, getting a sour look from the Dorm monitor, a burly gal with thick eyebrows, and a short bob haircut. 

	“Go to your room Macabre!! barked the dorm monitor, blue veins popping out from under her skin. 

Ronnie jumping a little, walked back inside his room, being serenaded by his roommate Duncan's loud snoring. Usually Hilda the dorm monitor went straight to bed but tonight was a little different. Music floated from down the hall, the same song, every night.... polka. Ronnie cringed. The high pitched yodels of Austrian men sounding like they had been punched where the sun didn't shine, rose and fell. Ronnie quietly opened back up his door, looking down the deserted hallway. Tip toeing as silently as he could, Ronnie sprinted to the end of the hall and down the stairs towards the girl's side of the dorm. 

A noise broke Ronnie's concentration. Someone was behind him, it's hard breathing echoing off the walls. Ducking behind a nearby couch, Ronnie waited. 

	“Who dares defy Hilda!! hissed a voice, ven I catch you, you shall vish you had never been born.” 

Ronnie silently crossed his fingers, muttering nervously to himself. Hilda's heavy breathing got closer, 

and closer, and closer, finally stopping at the worn out couch Ronnie was behind. Hilda snorted loudly. 	

	“I schmell a boy!. Hissed Hilda, your stench fills the air like a fox among the chickens.” 

Ronnie had to think of something quick, or he was toast. An idea suddenly popped into his head. 

	“Hilda? Is that you? I'm so sorry replied Ronnie in the highest voice he could muster, I was just.... 

	“Come out girl! And let Hilda see you!.” 

Ronnie swore under his breath, sweat starting to form on his white forehead. 

	“Vell!... barked Hilda, putting her hands on her fat hips. 

A figure appeared on the top of the stairs, Ronnie recognizing Marcie's hippo pajamas. 

	“Ronnie? Called Marcie. Ronnie!!! are you coming or not!!!.” 

Hilda snorted, picking up Ronnie by his shirt before he  could run. For a big girl, Hilda sure moved fast, thought Ronnie miserably to himself. The strong Austrian girl threw Ronnie to the floor, circling around him as if this were a gangster movie. 

	“Vell, vell, vell, if it isn't Ronnie Macabre. “And vat pray tell are you doing out here past curfew?.” 

Ronnie cringed, thinking about the horrible consequences that were going to ensue if he didn't come up with a good answer. Either way, he was done for. 

	“Well I was... stammered Ronnie. 

	“Out vis it Macabre!!! barked Hilda. 

Ronnie glared up at Marcie, a big smile on her fair skinned face. 

	“Come Macabre!”., barked Hilda in a demanding voice, pulling Ronnie by the cuff of his shirt back towards the stairs to the boy's rooms. 

	“Stop!!! yelled Marcie's voice from the top of the stairs. 

Hilda turned around her face red from the workout she was getting, an ugly glare on her fat face. 


	“Put him down or I'm gonna call daddy.” barked back Marcie. 

Hilda's face turned pale white. Ronnie never seeing the behometh that scared before. 


Hilda slowly let go of Ronnie's shirt, leaving the room as quickly as she had entered. Picking himself up, Ronnie noticing his shirt collar ten times larger than it had been before. 


	“Well, echoed Marcie from the stairs, “are you coming?.” 

Ronnie quickly ran up the stone steps following Marcie to her room which was two doors from the stairs. 

	“Boy am I glad you came, said Ronnie, “Thanks... by the way.” 


Marcie blushed. 

	“No problem she replied, opening up her door, “No one messes with me and gets a way with it.” 

Marcie's room was luxurious compared to the other dorm rooms Ronnie had seen up to that point. A 

queen size bed covered most of the room, along with a giant closet, and a jetted tub. 

	“So, said Ronnie, closing his mouth, “Where's the ghost?.” 

Marcie turned around and ran on her bed, covering herself with her bright pink blanket. Ronnie stood 

there a little embarassed for Marcie. Especially after she stood up to Helga. 

A white wisp of fog emerged from underneath Marcie's bed, swirling around the room. Marcie moaned 

covering herself from head to toe in the blanket. A voice echoed throughout the room. 

	“Ad adventus, voici momenti, procuntus. Fili e namen trustium tu revertium.”

Out of the mist another strange item fell at Ronnie's feet. A rusted key, more than a hundred years old. 

The strange apparation faded. Leaving Ronnie and Marcie in the dark. 

	“Wha, wha, is it? Said Marcie underneath her blanket. 

Ronnie picked up the key from the cold floor, looking it over and over again in his hands. 

	“A key, but to where? Answered Ronnie, with a confused look on his face. 

	“What the heck was that lady saying anyways said Marcie jumping off her bed. 

Ronnie surprised that Marcie had emerged, laughed a little. 

	“Latin, replied Ronnie quietly, not saying anything more, but noticing something strange on the rusted key, that he would have to look into tomorrow. 

As Marcie escorted Ronnie to the door, she gave him a quick peck on the cheek, giggled and quickly 

shut the door. Ronnie rolled his eyes, rubbing off the kiss, and walking back towards his room. 










Chapter 3



Ronnie walked beside Duncan, the cowboy whistling a song as he went, tipping his hat to every girl he saw. 

	“So where did ya go last night? Said Duncan with a mischievious smile. “you wasn't in your bed.” 

Ronnie tried desperately to make up a lie. 

	“I was, uh... it's none of your business anyway. “ 

Duncan seemed hurt. Ronnie groaned, pulling Duncan away from the large mass of students. 

	“Look,  you can't tell anyone about this alright? , promise me.” 

Duncan smiled, nodding his head like a bobble head. 

	“I... went over to Marcie's room... she said that ghost everyone talks about keeps her up at night.' 

	“Whoa, said Duncan his mouth open, how did ya make it past Helga then? 

Ronnie cringed just thinking about his encounter with Helga the behometh. 

	“Marcie, smirked Ronnie, she scared the crap out of Helga somehow.” 

	“I isn't surprised about that!”.  replied Duncan taking a piece of straw from his pocket.” her daddy is a zillionaire or somethin back east, and he owns like a billion restaurants.” “That's why Marcie has the best room in the buildin.” 

Now it all made sense. But why Marcie's room of all places, Ronnie thought to himself. 

	“Duncan, do you know why the ghost would be in Marcie's room?.” 

Duncan shrugged . 

	“That I don't know, replied the boy, making a tall girl with braces giggle as he tipped his hat to her. “All I know is, before Marcie came, some kid lived there, but he had ta go for some reason, nobody knows why, he just up and left one day.” 

Ronnie or Duncan didn't notice a girl standing in the corner, her face in  a scowl. 

	“It's not rocket science you idiot, replied Tia, he... was... a … Williamsburg!!.' 


Tia walked up to both them carrying several books underneath her arm, ordering Duncan to open her 

locker for her. 

	“Look, give up on the whole ghost thing Ronnie, Tia replied in an annoyed voice. “ It's just a story.” 

Ronnie remained speechless. Tia reminded him a lot of his stepmother. 

	“Then if it's just a story, then how did I find her grave?.” 

Tia turned red. 

	You're such an idiot Ronnie.” Tia hissed, walking off in a huff. 

Slamming Tia's locker, Duncan watched as the small girl pushed through the heavy crowd to class, 

waving goodbye. 

	“Duncan? Said Ronnie in a perplexed voice, what did Tia mean? 

Duncan quickly picked his nose, grabbing a huge light green booger and wiping it on the locker beside 

him, Ronnie looking on with disgust. 

	“Dem Williamburgs was a rich family that donated to this here school a long time ago, den, Miss Williamsburg bless her soul, had a son that was comin here, well, he was kicked out , and miss Williamsburg well, never got over it.” 

The bell suddenly rang, Ronnie quickly running down the hall leaving Duncan with a stupid look on his face,  and through several hallways until he hit the stairs that led to his History class. Running frantically up the steep metal staircase, Ronnie huffed and puffed until he finally reached the top, only to see that class had already started. 

As the boy walked into class, Mr. Kozlowski, a tall wiry man, with a thick mustache, and beady eyes, 

glared at Ronnie's direction. 

	“Wel, well, well, look who decided to join us today. “I hope Mr. Macabre you have a good reason... for being late!.” 

Ronnie ignored the teacher's response and sat down in a seat towards the front. 

	“As I was saying stuttered Mr. Kozlowski, before I was rudely interupted, George Washington 

did not... chop down the cherry tree, it is rubbish altogether.” 


Ronnie tuned out the teacher's ramblings, thinking about what Duncan had said earlier. Feeling in his 

pocket, Ronnie took the old rusted key in his pocket. Maybe this key, was part of the puzzle of why the 

Williamsburg boy was suspended in the first place. 

	After the bell for the class to be over rang. Ronnie was forced to go up to Mr. Kozlowski's desk and get a detention slip. As he watched the strange man write Ronnie's name in a flowery script, Ronnie had an idea. 
	
	“Mr. Kozlowski, replied Ronnie, uh... do you know anything about the Williamsburgs?.” 

The history teacher looked up strangely at Ronnie, his mustache slowly twitching. 

	“And why... would someone like you be interested in that may I ask?, Mr. Kozlowski replied in an annoyed voice. 

Ronnie fidgeted his foot, as he always did when he was nervous. 

	“I... just was curious... see there's this story... “ 

Mr. Kozlowski, at the word “story” stopped mid sentence. 

	“Look Mr. Macabre, I think it would be wise to not believe everything you hear, that so called... story, the man said with quotation marks, is fiction, not fact. “Indeed there was once... a Mrs. Williamsburg, and her son... did!. … go to Rindwood hall, but... there is no ghost here... ok!.” 

	“But... what about the son Mr. Kozlowski... was he really expelled?.” 

Mr. Kozlowski sighed. 

	“Yes, of course she had a son... the story goes that he was... illegitemate... but... coming from the background she was.. .being a.... aristo... I don't believe that.” 

Mr. Kozlowski handed Ronnie the small slip of paper saying no more, and shooed the boy out of the classroom. As Ronnie walked the several steps down to the main floor, the wind picked up from a nearby open window high above the stairs. Ronnie scrambled to catch his papers and books that were tumbling down the stairs. 

	“Stupid books!”.  Ronnie grumbled as he made his way down the last stair, and onto the floor, picking up his books, and throwing them into his backpack. 

Detention from what Ronnie had heard was no picnic. Mr. Peoples, the P.E teacher was the strictest man anyone had met, and was in fact very scary, and intimidating, as Ronnie soon came to find out. Mr. Peoples, was the largest man Ronnie had ever seen, with bulging muscles, a army haircut, and a tiny green beret atop his large head. 

Ronnie slowly made his way to the front of the room, several other students trying to look busy, but eyeing Ronnie whispering amongst themselves. 

	“Lieutenant Macabre, Mr. People's said in a quiet voice... you are hereby given detention duty for one hour you here me son?.” 

Ronnie nodded timidly. 

	“Take your seat ordered the teacher pointing to a desk next a boy with long blue hair listening to 

his headphones. 

Ronnie sat down, opening up his English book pretending to read. Out of one corner of his eye, Ronnie could see Mr. Peoples staring at him. Ronnie tried to act inconspicious, but failed, because Mr. Peoples started to glare. The clock above the door seemed to tick louder than it was supposed to, Ronnie counting down the minutes until he could leave. 

	“Hey,”.  came a voice beside Ronnie. The boy looked over at the blue haired kid, but he was so into his music, that he was dead to the world. 

	“Hey!”.  hissed the voice again, this time, Ronnie noticing a girl with a nose piercing, long black hair, and thick black eye makeup, red lipstick making her lips larger than they were. 

Ronnie didn't dare talk, not willing to have to witness the wrath of the drill sergeant at the front of the classroom. 

	“Are you taken? Came the voice. 

Things became awkward, and Ronnie felt his neck become wet. 

	“What? Said Ronnie in a confused voice. 

	“Are you taken? Said the girl again, like, with anybody?.” 

This was no time for romance, there were a billion other things Ronnie was worried about, especially the horrible phone call he was going to receive from his step mom once she finds out he went to detention. 

	“Uh... No.. but I don't think.... 

	“Look, said the girl with a smile... it's ok... I get it...” 

Ronnie saw he had made the strange girl upset, and tried to think of something to make her feel better. 

	“Look, it's nothing against you said Ronnie, I just... .” 

	“What?”.  said the girl flipping back her hair. 

How in the world was he going to explain everything that was going on. Ronnie sighed. 

	“You're not the only one that hates this place, stated the girl'.  popping her gum.

Ronnie smiled, the girl smiled back, her perfect white teeth seemed to glow in the light. 

	“Yeah well, said Ronnie, I”m glad I'm not the only one.” “Hey, do you like The Creed?.” 

The girl popped her gum again with a smile. 

	“Heck ya!”.  She said enthusiatically, they're like the best. “I have... all their albums.” “How did you know?.” 

Ronnie blushed. 

	“I uh... saw your keychain.” “They're pure genius.” 

Pulling up her blouse, The girl showed Ronnie her hidden t-shirt, branded with the band's logo. 

	“I saw them in L.A”.  replied the girl, it was pretty wicked. “ 

	“Now way!! said Ronnie as quietly as he could without disturbing Mr. Peoples. 


Ronnie stuck out his hand. 

	“I'm Ronnie by the way, sorry about earlier, I've just... had a really... bad day.” 

	“ Keira, and... I understand.” 

Ronnie and Keira quickly went back to their books, feeling Mr. People's eyes drilling into them. Finally the bell rang, and as everyone was putting their things into their backpacks, Keira slipped a note into Ronnie's jacket pocket. Keira smiled and waved, and disappeared into the crowded hallway. 

Opening the note, in tiny handwriting read the words; Room 305. Ronnie smiled, shoving the small piece of paper in his backpack. He had to admit, out of all the people he had met at Rindwood so far, Keira, was the coolest. 





Chapter 5



	“SHHHHH!!! hissed a voice. 

	“Why don't you maketh me!!!. 


Ronnie stood up in bed, his hair in disarray, a foul look on his face. Turning on the lamp beside his bed, he saw two strange spectors staring at him, one tall and the other short, wearing powdered wigs, and 

fancy embroidered jackets and tights. 

	“What is going on here!!! barked Ronnie, “I have a class at 7:30 tomorrow!!.” 

The two ghosts looked at each other. 

	“So sorry my dear boy”.  replied the tall ghost in a lisp, but we have something very important to tell you.” 

	“And what.. .is that?.” hissed Ronnie.

	“Ronald, said the shorter ghost being nudged by his taller friend. “ We want to help you with this... dilemma...” 

The taller ghost seemed very fidgety, and get tugging at the smaller ghost's coat tails, the shorter man slapping his hands away. 


	“So... said Ronnie... what's with this Williamsburg lady?.” 

	“Well, answered the taller ghost, “ The Williamsburgs established this school, but decades later 

when Wilhemina Williamsburg's son came of age, he was... not let in...” 

	“But why? Said Ronnie... I mean, he was a Williamsburg right?.” “I don't see what the big deal is.” 

Both ghosts covered the mouths, their faces turning red. 

	“He's...... illegitimate whispered the one ghost giggling like a little school girl whispering 

secrets in her friend's ear. 


	“Jeese, said Ronnie rolling his eyes. “ So what do I do?.” 

	'In the school refinery”.  lisped the tall ghost lies the answer.” 

With that both ghosts quickly disappeared, leaving Ronnie in a stupor. The next day, as Ronnie walked to class with Duncan, he struggled to ask Duncan about the refinery, not knowing if he could trust his hillbilly room mate. 

	“You're mighty quiet this mornin, replied Duncan, whistling through his teeth.” Is somethin the matter?.” 

Ronnie ignored Duncan as usual,  looking as if he was more interested in something else. Finally the 

boy sighed. Ronnie pulled Duncan roughly towards the boy's bathroom. 

	“Look, you can't tell anyone what I'm about to tell you ok?.” 

Duncan nodded his head excitedly. 

	“Two guys or ghosts I guess”.  explained Ronnie came to our room last night and... 

	“Ghost!!! Duncan replied loudly!!' Well I”ll be!!!.” 

Ronnie grumbled under his breath. 

	“Shut up!!!!, anyways, what's so important about the school refinery?

Duncan looked around to make sure no one was listening. 

	“Well, its the place where they keep old records I reckon, at least that's what people say anyways... why?.” 


A boy came out of the bathroom with a startled look on his face, a piece of toilet paper still stuck to his shoe. Ronnie pushed him out of the space quickly, the other boy looking at him and Duncan strangely. Once the coast was clear, Ronnie explained things to Duncan. 

	“I need to find a certain record, explained Ronnie, some kid with the name Williamsburg. “ 

Duncan started to get excited again. 

	“You're gonna break the curse isn't ya? Replied Duncan, that's why you is goin to the refinery.” 

Ronnie nodded his head. “But I need your help Duncan.... “meet me here tonight, and don't tell anyone!!. 

Duncan nodded, rushing off to class. 


Ronnie's mind wasn't surprisingly on finding the Williamsburg kid, but on … Keira. Ronnie had looked all over for the girl he had met the day before, but she had been nowhere in sight. It was really tempting to skip the whole refinery and go to her room, but Ronnie knew that he couldn't do  that to Duncan. 

As the last song on Ronnie's Sketchy cd came to an end, Ronnie rushed through the library, the librarian an older woman with graying hair waved her finger angrily at him. As Ronnie ran around the corner to the bathroom, a large group of people were gathered, talking in hushed voices. 

	“Duncan!! barked Ronnie, What is going on!!, I told you... not to tell anyone!!.” 

Duncan hushed everybody and put his arm around Ronnie. 

	“I know I promised ya compadre, but we need all the help we can get.” 

Ronnie huffed and motioned everyone to follow Duncan. 


	“Hi Ronnie , came Marcie's voice.” I didn't know you... were going to be here.” 

Ronnie sighed . 

	“Hi Marcie.... How are things.” but before Marcie could answer, Chalmers stepped in. 

	“Come Marcie, your father would not approve... of this.” 

Chalmers pulled Marcie briskly away, Marcie looking longingly back at Ronnie, waving goodbye. Ronnie mouthed what Chalmers had said smart allecky, not noticing Keira behind him. 
	
	“Hey.... Ronnie, replied Keira with a slight smith. 

Ronnie turned around quickly, his face turning bright red when he realized what a fool he had made himself look just now. 

	“Hey... I... didn't see you there.” replied Ronnie scratching the back of his head.” 

Keira laughed. 

	“Look, it's alright, C'mon, tell me more about this ghost. “ 

Ronnie told Keira everything that had happened up to that point, with the strange keys, and the two strange ghosts that had  visited him a couple of nights before. 

	“So... what do you think asked Ronnie shyly, “Do you think... I'm crazy?.” 

Keira laughed and shook her head. 

	“I've heard worse. She said with a smile. “ 

Ronnie was suddenly relieved. 

	'So... how did you hear about this in the first place? Asked Ronnie, I didn't think....

	“It was Tia, said Keira waving to the short Asian girl in the front leading the pack, her large 

backpack full of supplies jangling as she walked. 


Ronnie sighed. 

	“She thinks you're an idiot by the way, said Keira with a laugh. 

Ronnie shook his head. “I know... he replied... “Tia has some kind of complex.” 

	“I know right!!! laughed Keira.... Sometimes... I don't know about her myself. “ 

Duncan rushed over to Ronnie pulling him to the front, Ronnie quickly waving goodbye to Keira. 

	“What is your problem? Hissed Ronnie, did you not notice I was busy!.” 

Duncan looked scared, the large boy scratching his large freckled arm, as if he had way too many 

mosquito bites. 

	“We need your help, replied Duncan looking in every direction. “You see, it's... Mr. Oldsman. “ 

Ronnie stared blankly at Duncan, just like always. 

	“What about him? Hissed Ronnie. 

	“That fellar is bad news Ronnie”.  explained Duncan, ya see, he's some type of madman, they say he got this here job when he escaped from the state penitentiary..... “ 

Ronnie started laughing, 

	“Look Duncan, if you're talking about that old man that mops the floors everyday, you have nothing to worry about,,, he has a hunchback for heck's sakes. 

But Ronnie's confidence soon splattered to the dirty checkered floor below. An old man's sillhouette stood against the night shadows of a high window, for some reason, Mr. Old looked scarier than usual. 
Ronnie made the signal for everyone to hide, while the scratching sliding sound of the old janitor got closer, and closer. 

Ronnie tried to hold his breath, but his cover would soon be blown, because Duncan's breathing was as loud as an obese woman trying to climb stairs. The janitor stood in the moonlight, his bushy eyebrows in a sneer. 

	“I heard ya, ya little miscreants!”.  growled the janitor, come out before I reports ya.” 

Then someone unexpected came to the rescue. Helga, the sweaty Austrian girl stepped out from the 

girl's bathroom hallway, her pudgy arms on her large hips. 

	“Ah, Miss Schwester, making your rounds this late at night?.” 

Helga smiled slyly. 

	“Oh ja, replied Helga, you never know who might be making trouble dis late at night.” 

The janitor smiled back with a wicked grin. 

	“Carry on young lady, replied the janitor, taking off his worn out baseball cap, and slowly but surely, made his way down the dark hall, disappearing into the night. 


	“C'mon!! ordered Tia, as she disappeared around the corner. 

The others followed as fast as they could, finding a large wooden door at the end of the hallway, a door, 

no one had really noticed before. 

Tia pulled on the handle, the large door loudly creaked open, a small bat swooshing out, and then disappearing back down into the darkness. Duncan gulped loudly, Marcie was holding as tightly as she could to Chalmers, and Ronnie tried to keep his composure. 

The steps down to the refinery were as steep as ever, the small group of friends trying desperately to hold on to the old wooden railing still barely attached to the concrete wall beside them. Finally, Duncan  took a cigarette lighter from out of his overall pocket, and with one click the small light illuminated the stairs and the floor beneath. 

	“Gazebo!!!!”  came Rhonda's voice echoing from the floor. 

Ronnie felt a small cold hand grasp onto his, a small smile forming on his face. 

	“K, Duncan, said Ronnie in a whisper, where do they keep the records?.” 

Duncan pointed to a large filing cabinet encrusted with rust sitting in a dusty cobwebbed corner. Ronnie immediately became annoyed, there was no way that they were going to find a 300 year old record here. 

A loud bang came from the upstairs, everyone jumped except for Ronnie. 

	“Wha, wha, what was that ? Stammered Marcie getting on Chalmer's small shoulders. 

Tia rolled her eyes walking over to the stairs, immediately to run back again, her olive skin now a pale white. 

A loud clump echoed every minute or so down the stairs until the hunch backed shadow of the old janitor appeared. 

	“What the heck are you kids doin? The old man stammered, “you know how dangerous this place is!.” Why I could lose my job if the principal found out I let ya down here.” “C'mon, let's get you all upstairs, before we all get in trouble.” 

The group of teenagers stood there in silence, Ronnie finally with a sigh came forward. 

	“ It's my fault Mr. Oldsman, I'm the one that brought them here.” 

The old man looked at Ronnie curiously up and down as if he were some sideshow attraction. 

	“Kids... huffed the old man, digging in his pocket, and pulling out a piece of gum. “I know what you're lookin for... and ya ain't gonna find it down here.” “Now c'mon!.” 

But Ronnie... didn't budge. 

	“Tell us what you know!”.  said Ronnie.” and we won't say a word about tonight.” 

Mr. Oldsman became speechless, a sneer on his wrinkled face. 

	“Look Barbie, I don't have to tell you kids nothing... you're all the same... lookin for some brod that doesn't exist, I mean heck.... that stories been around since I was a pup, and they haven't found 'er yet, what makes you think you can solve it?.” 


Ronnie smiled, the old man underestimating his abilities. 

	“Because... replied Ronnie, she gave me these.” 

Ronnie held out the two keys, a shiny gold one, and a rusted key barely holding itself together. 


The old man's eyes became as wide as quarters. 

	“Where in the heck did you find these? “ 

The group of kids all stood in awe at Ronnie, even  Tia. 


	“Lady Williamsburg, replied Ronny, help me, and you won't have to worry about her anymore.” 

Mr. Oldsman smiled. 

	“Anything to get that old hag off my back.” “Here, said the old janitor, pulling out a large set of keys on an round iron keychain, look at what you like.” 

As Mr. Oldsman made his way back up the stairs, Ronnie hurried over to the filing cabinet, eagerly opening it up and scanning through the yellowed files until he came to “W”. But as he suspected, there was nothing there. 

	'What does we do know Ronnie? Asked Duncan in a whisper.

Ronnie shook his head, and closed the filing cabinet, a cloud of dust enveloping him. Suddenly, the boy 

had an idea. 

	“Duncan, said Ronnie excitedly, help me move the cabinet. 

Duncan called for some of the other guys, and with some huffing and puffing, the old filing cabinet groaned over to one side, revealing a rotted wooden door. Ronnie instantly knew what to do, pulling out both keys out of his jacket pocket. Two slots in the door, leaked cold air stinging Ronnie's face. 
	As Ronnie put both keys in the locks, the door creaked open revealing a rotted stone staircase. 

Hesitantly, Ronnie ascended down, looking back to no one following him except for Tia, Duncan, and 

Keira. The rest made their own excuses. 

	“Where are we going anyway Ronnie? Hissed Tia. 

Ronnie ignored the comment for a minute, holding tightly to the stone cobbled wall. 

	“Don't know... replied Ronnie, but I guess we'll find out... won't we?.” 

Keira held tightly to Ronnie, the boy liking the attention he was getting. The stairs grew more and more narrow, the further down they went, the air colder and mustier. Finally as they reached the end of the stairs, a light shone weakly in the darkness. A cold voice matching the atmosphere. 

	“Welcome.... Ronald Macabre.... “  Echoed the voice. 

Ronnie stepped forward, seeing a slight figure in the darkness. 

	“Who are you? Replied Ronnie in a unsure voice. 


An elegant woman stepped forward from the darkness, her body transparent, her eyes shining like 

crystals, the ghost wearing a large blue  dress, with a white wig. 


	“You shall not find what you are looking here I am afraid, for the records of my son were destroyed.... long ago.” 

The ghost's face became sad, as she turned around a wisp of cold air chilling Ronnie's bones. 

	“How do I help you then? Asked Ronnie. 

Lady Williamsburg turned around, her beautiful face serious. 

	“You must.... come to where... it all began....” 












Chapter 6



A loud noise erupted in the small dank cold room, a bright light appeared in the dark basement room. Tia and Keira held each other, their hair blowing uncontrollably, Duncan shading his face from the brightness of the light. 

	“Come Ronald, replied the Duchess, there is much work... to be done.” 

Hesitantly, Ronnie stepped towards the whirling vortex, suddenly a tug pulled Ronnie back. 

	“What the heck are you doing compadre!!! yelled Duncan. “Have ya lost your marbles!!!.” 

Ronnie shook his head, putting his arm around his room mate. 

	“I'm going to be fine Duncan”.  laughed Ronnie, This isn't the first time I've dealt with stuff like this before.” 

Duncan puffed out his chest trying to act brave even though he was severely frightened. 

	“ I'm... comin with ya!!!! yelled Duncan jumping into the vortex. 

The light soon overwhelmed the room, before Tia and Keira could make up their minds and before they 

knew it, they weren't in Connecticut, anymore. 




±


Putnam Virginia, 1750



The sound of wagons clomped across the cobble stone streets of a small New England town, men in tri-cornered hats waved to each other, some talked excitedly in groups by the local pub. Elegant ladies in beautiful gowns that looked like balloons strutted across the street helped by their valets so their dainty feet wouldn't touch the mud puddles scattered across the street. 

Hiding in an alley lay three misfits, definitely out of place. 

	“What in the crap happened Ronnie! Hissed Tia. “Where are we? “ 

Ronnie sighed, shaking his head, looking around the corner if the coast was clear. 

	“Look, don't freak out ok, we'll be home before you know it, maybe the ghost just wanted us to 

see something specific.” 

Tia folded her arms in a huff. 

	“What do we do now Ronnie? Said Duncan kneeling beside Ronnie.” “What's yo plan?.” 

Ronnie pointed toward a large house on the hill, where the college would once stand. 

	“See that house up there said Ronnie, shading his eyes from the sunlight, “I bet ya a dollar that's 

where the ghost lived.” 

	
¶


A carriage raced down the hill, from a large plantation house, towards the sleepy little town below. 

	“These roads are so uppity Clarence, must the driver ride so so fast?.” 

The other man, his large nosequickly sniffing from a small powdered container, smirked. 

	'Don't be such a bore Wilhemina, have some fun for once.” 

Wilhemina took a purple fan and waved her face, trying to fight off the southern heat. Looking out the 

window, The lady Williamsburg watched the scenery zoom by. Wishing she was somewhere else. 

	“Oh Clarence, you are such a tease, that cannot be true about the senator's wife. 

	
Clarence laughed heartily. 


	“You underestimate me Sarah, you forget what circles I'm apart of.” 

	“Don't listen to a word he says smiled Wilhelmina, he is not as popular as he thinks he is.” 

Clarence chuckled, sniffing some more powder from his snuff box. 

	“Well I do know one thing ladies, rumor says that the ambassador of France, is coming to Washington  next week and I for one, am going to be there.” 

Both ladies chuckled, covering their faces with their fans. Suddenly a jolt rocketed the carriage, both ladies screeching in fright, Clarence holding frantically to the sides of the wall. The large nosed man chuckled nervously.

	“Must have been some sort of animal, the man chirped cheerily. As the carriage rolled into 

town, Clarence saw a familiar face from across the street as a tall gangly footman opened the door to 

their carriage. 

	

	“Ah!, Mr. Williamsburg! Yelled a man from across the street. 

The large man, his belly jiggling as he walked, ran briskly to meet the gentleman and ladies. 

	“So good to see you Chauncy replied Mr. Williamsburg, with a smile, what brings you, to town today?.” 

The bigger man smiled, wiping his sweaty face. 

	“I've come to tell you that the governor has accepted your proposal for the school.” 

Clarence seemed less excited about the news, but Wilhelmina on the other hand was elated. 

	“When shall it began Chauncy? Replied lady Williamsburg in an excited voice. 

Chauncy seemed to blush in the ladies presence. 

	“oh at once my lady, answered Chauncy, Mr. Etherington here is in charge of the project. 

A young man, close to the age of Wilhemina stepped forward, his handsome face, making the woman 

blush, Mr. Etherington leaned forward, kissing Wilhelmina's hand. 

	“Finally delighted to meet you Madam Williamsburg, replied Mr. Etherington ,. 

Wilhelmina bowed back. 


As both parties left, Wilhelmina felt for the hidden locket inside her chest, the one her father had given 

her at her coming out party. Her and her father's dream was finally, coming true. 










±



	The clump of high heeled shoes echoed across the floor, as Ronnie's step mother paced back 

and forth, biting her long pink manicured nails. 

	“Why don't you sit madam said the school assistant principal Mr. Screwtrowel, your husband 

should be here any minute.” 

But that's what Ronnie's step mother was afraid of. It had been her fault in the first place that Ronnie had come here. A wailing erupted from the main doors, a woman with thick red lipstick and a puffy blonde beauffant rushed in, her chubby husband after her. 

	“What in the heck did you do to my baby!! hissed the beauffant lady We pay you good money to give our boy a good education and this! Is how you repay us.” 

The assistant Principal was ironically calm, his face showing now emotion whatsoever. 

	“Calm yourself madam, insisted Mr. Screwtrowel,  the police are their way, little Reggie..... 

	“Duncan!!, corrected his mother. 

	“Duncan “ “Repeated the principal will be fine.” 

Mr. Graipes, Duncan's dad stepped forward in a huff.

	'Now don't tell me sir that you knows what you're talkin about!.” “If I hear that you're fibbin I'll sue this school for everything it's got.” 

The strong scent of Mr. Graipes cologne burned the principal's nose. Mr. Graipes pushed his fat belly into the principal's his beady little pig eyes boring into Mr. Screwtrowel's. Just then a tall muscular man in a blue police uniform strutted into the school, his shiny badge gleaming in the light. 

	“Don't worry citizens said the cop, Officer Bob is on the case.” 

Mrs. Graipes started to fan herself, Mr. Graipes giving her a dirty glare. 


	“Now what seems to be the problem here?.” The policeman's  blonde eyebrows went up and down haughtily. 

Mr. Screwtrowel waltzed up to the officer, his eyes as if they were glazed over. 

	“We have reason to believe recited the principal that three of our students have disappeared.” “A 

young woman reported the matter to me this morning.” 

The police officer grabbed his notebook busily writing down all the information. 

	“And where... can I find this young woman? Asked Officer Bob. 

The principal sighed, becoming impatient at the obnoxious police officer. 

	“Follow me....” Mr. Screwtrowel said in a monotone voice. 


When Officer Bob and the Principal arrived at Marcie's dorm room, Chalmers answered the door, a 

frightened look on his little face. 

	“Move away from the door son, ordered Officer Bob, we want to ask Miss Mapleton some questions. 

Chalmers quickly obeyed, but as he stepped away, a thump was heard, Marcie laying on the floor unconscious. Quickly getting a wet hankerchief, Chalmers fanned Marcie's pale face, finally the girl coming too, her eyes glazed over. 

	“Wha, wha,, what happened? Stammered Marcie. 

Officer Bob rushed over, taking Marcie's dainty hand and helping her on the bed. 

	“You fainted miss, replied the officer taking off his hat, now you just take it easy.” 

Marcie's eyes widened, her mouth turned into a intoxicated smile. After a while, when Marcie calmed down a little from all the excitement, Officer Bob, was ready to make his debut. 

	“Now, Miss Mapleton, what do you remember about last night?.” Officer Bob grabbed his pen and paper and madly jotted down some notes. 

	“Well, I mean, stammered Marcie, I don't know... it was... all a blur.” I just remember following everyone down to a room by the girl's bathroom... and then, there was this scary old guy, and.... 

Marcie began to faint again, Chalmers trying the best he could to keep her awake. 

	“It was all that Ronnie Macabre's fault hissed Chalmers, scaring my poor sweet Mar- Mar.” 

The policeman and the principal looked at each other. As Officer Bob and Mr. Screwtrowel left Marcie's room, Chalmers quickly closed the door on them, the sound of loud sobbing echoed from inside. 
	“Is there.... any other witnesses? Asked Officer Bob hesitantly. 

	“Just one, answered the assistant principal, but I don't know if she will be much help either.” 

Officer Bob shook his head. 

	“What a world eh Screwtrowel?. Replied Officer Bob tipping his hat and walking down the hall. 

When the policeman had disappeared, Mr. Screwtrowel rushed quickly as his thin skeleton legs could carry him back to his office. Picking up the old fashioned black dial phone that lay on his desk, he rang a number waiting patiently for someone to answer. 

	“Hello Francis? Said Screwtrowel in a low voice, yeah it's me, who do you think it is!.” “Listen, you must come by tonight, tell the others... our plan may be in jepaordy. 


Men in black hooded cloaks walked briskly down the moonlit hallway, opening up the same door that Ronnie had entered the night before. Carefully making their way down the steep stone steps, lighted by flashlights, the hooded men reached the basement floor. Gathering in a circle, the smell of Cigar smoke filled the air. One by one, the men shedded their cloaks, the ringleader a man with a high forehead, and bushy eyebrows eyed the others. 

	“ What is is it William? Whined one man, it's 4 am for heaven's sakes. “ 

The man with the high forehead scowled. 

	“This is far more serious than we thought gentleman, the order is in jeopardy and.... the school!!!.” 

The other older men looked at the man that spoke with concerned faces. 

	“You mean to say William, that she has...... 

The high foreheaded gentleman nodded. 

	“But that's impossible William spoke another in a raspy voice... we made sure...” 

Mr. Rindwood  paced the room, his leather shoes shining in the light. 

	“I don't know how.... and I don't know when Francis, but she made contact somehow.... If the 

boy finds the thing he seeks.... we may have a problem.” 

Another member of the society moved forward, his mustache moving back and forth as he began to talk. 

	“The curse will stand gentleman said the man in a low voice, mark my words, the boy won't stand a chance... once.... he returns. “ 








¶



It had been a hard couple of days for Ronnie and his friends. 18th century America was no trip. After snooping around the small village beneath the large plantation, Ronnie and the others had found out nothing and ended up... in jail. “ 

It seemed that a certain man ruled this town, not by force, but by his words. Reverend James was no man to mess with, and if you did you would be sorry. A tall, lanky man, with bushy eyebrows and wooden teeth, the Reverend had just been casually walking the grounds of the Williamsburg mansion waiting for Lady Williamsburg to arrive, for confession, when he had come upon... the witches. 

	“Shhh!! hissed Ronnie, we can't let them hear us!.' 

	“I'm sorry Ronnie, complained Duncan, but these here pantyhose make my legs itch.” 

Tia pulled a white wig over her dark black hair, trying to wipe off as much mascara as she could. 

	“Ahh!! hissed Tia in frustration, I can't believe we're doing this!, you know what will happen if we get caught?.” 

Keira smiled, helping Tia wipe off the rest of her makeup. 

	“We'll be fine, replied Keira gently, what could possibly happen?.” 

A tall gentleman with a grim expression looked down at the group of teenagers hiding in the bush, his eyes in a sneer. 

	“Ahem, grunted the reverend, scaring the daylights out of the motley crew in the bush. 

Ronnie gave the signal to run, but they were immediately stopped by a large black man with a pitchfork. 


	“Helmsly, kindly bring these strangers back here please.” 

The big burly  man pulled each of the kids by their shirt collars and threw them on the ground in front 

of the reverend. 

	“Now, replied the Reverend with a nasty sneer, what.. may I ask are you doing here?.” 

Duncan jumped off, tearing his tights, and tripping over Ronnie. 

	“Nothin sir, we just was wanting to talk to the Lady was all.” 


	
	The reverend was taken aback by Duncan's mannerisms, and... his smell. Tia slapped her head and covered her eyes. 

	“Tell me at once why you are here on private property, or... I shall call the authorities! Barked the reverend. 

	“Look it's like this, replied Ronnie, we were just lost is all.... we'll leave right away promise.” 

The reverend wasn't convinced. Snapping his fingers, men with wigs and tri-cornered hats came out of the bushes, guns aimed right at the kids. 

	“Arrest them!! barked the reverend, quickly turning away towards the house, a woman with a fan waiting for him on the veranda. 

	“We's innocent!! yelled Duncan, fighting against the soldier trying to tie his arms behind his back. “We din't do anythin wrong!!.” 

But the reverend was too busy too care, and Duncan and the others quickly found themselves in a wagon heading back towards town, all of them in shackles. 

	“Wait to go you idiot!! hissed Tia, glaring at Ronnie, you realize what's going to happen now don't you? “One word.... capital... punishment.” 

Ronnie rolled his eyes. 

	“Relax Tia replied Ronnie, we're kids, they only do that kind of stuff to adults, besides, I think I have a plan to escape.” 




Chapter 7



	
	A magical waltz played over and over again in Lady Williamsburg head, for the last several nights, the ball had replayed over and over in her head, especially the part where she met... him. The tall Frenchman had been sitting by the wall, sipping a glass of champagne, talking nonchalantly with a group of giggling women, covered from head to foot with bows and ribbons, their large white wigs bobbing back and forth. 

	“Oh look Mina!, the ambassador, let us introduce ourselves!!!.” chirped Mr. Williamsburg. 

Mr. Williamsburg tugged his wife over to the small circle, Wilhemina turning bright red. 

	“Monsieur Ambassador, replied Mr. Williamsburg holding out his hand, may I introduce, my wife Wilhemina Williamsburg and... 

The ambassador said something rapidly in  French the other ladies laughing, and covering their faces with their frilly fans. 

	“And what... is so funny may I ask? Replied Mr. Williamsburg in a polite but annoyed voice. 


The ambassador tried to stifle his chuckle. 

	“I am so sorry my good man but … the Frenchman chuckled again, “ You 'ave wine all over your cravatte.” 


Mr. Williamsburg shrieked in horror, running towards his servant boy, and disappeared into the night. 

Wilhemina began to leave, but the Ambassador took her hand. 

	“Pardon me Madmoiselle, replied the ambassador, but we 'ave not... formaly met.” 

Lady Williamsburg blushed, fanning her face. 

	“I'm so sorry about my husband apologized Wilhelmina, he gets.... a little odd at times.” 

the ambassador chuckled. 

	“I would not worry my lady... he is... how you say... very entertaining.” 

A waltz began to play, the song upbeat, the French ladies bobbing back and forth to the music, waiting eagerly to see who the ambassador would ask to dance. 

	“May I... 'ave zis dance? Replied the Ambassador bowing to the Lady Williamsburg. 

Wilhelmina blushed, as the ambassador took her white gloved hand to join the other couples on the floor. 

	“Zis American balls, zey are so... boring... you think so?.” 

Wilhemina smiled and nodded. 

	“To be honest”.  replied Wilhemina, I think so as well.” 

The Frenchman guffawed. 

	“Finally... someone 'oo agrees vis me.” “You know... in France, they are... so much more … 

lively.” “Oh how I wish you could see my country... eet is so byooteefool. “ 



	The waltz had stopped, without Wilhelmina or the ambassador notincing. Their eyes fixed on each other. 

	“I too wish I could …. see France, stammered Wilhelmina gazing into the Frenchman's eyes. 

A finger poked Wilhelmina's back. 

	“Mina? The carriage is waiting my dear, we must leave. Replied Lord Williamsburg. 

As Wilhelmina followed her husband out the large silk covered doors, and out into the warm summer night, she gazed longingly at the Frenchman, wishing she could have... just one more dance. 




±


	“Order!!, Order!!, barked a man in a gray wig. 

The town courtroom was full to the brim with people, everyone eager to see the strangers that appeared in town. The doors at the back of the courtroom burst open, the crowd booing and jeering at the teenage kids, their chains on their ankles and legs jangling. 

The gavel banged loudly again, the judge becoming irate, his fat face becoming redder and redder by the minute. 

	“Order!!!, order!! barked the judge once again. Silence filled, the room. Tia and the rest of the teenagers covered in rotten fruit and garbage. The Reverend creeped out of a corner, a maniacal grin on his wrinkled face. 

	“Afternoon, said the Reverend in a semi polite voice. “Please... tell the court... where you...come from again?.” 

The reverend chuckled a little under his breath whispering something in the large judge's ear, the fat man's red cheeks jangling. Ronnie stepped forward, his mascara had run around his eyes, making him look far more evil than he really was, the others not looking that great themselves. 

	“Your honor, replied Ronnie, we haven't done anything wrong.... “This man.... lies!!!.” 

The croud gasped, and then loud boo's and hisses began again. The fat judge trying to calm everyone down. 

	“Your honor, said the Reverend sweetly, “I found these wretches in the garden of the Williamsburg, they were speaking.... gibberish, I could hardly understand what they were saying... and.... they have... the mark.” 




	The old Reverend pointed to the teenagers, motioning for the guards to show the crowd the moles and freckles that covered poor Duncan. Poor Duncan began to sweat profusely, his fat arm wiping his face. 

	“And!!! replied the Reverend dramatically, this one, the old man pointing to Ronnie, I mean well just look at him, young men his age wearing women's powder and fashion. 

The fat judge nodded his head, quickly formulating a verdict in his head. And so... was Ronnie. 

	“Your honor!! piped Tia from the back, the small teenage girl pushing her way roughly between Ronnie and Duncan. 

	“Look, my dad is made of 5000 yen , and when he hears of what happened to me, he'll sue your butt off!!!.” 

Both the crowd and the judge looked at Tia in awe. 

	“I've 'eard stories of orientals replied the judge but by jove, I have ne'er seen one. “ 
With one swift movement of his fat hand, the judge ordered the guards to let Tia go, the little Asian girl, with a smug look on her face, sticking her tongue out at Duncan and Ronnie, and making her way to a seat in the back of the courtroom. 

	“ By order of the court!! barked the judge I sentence you to... death!! for heresy.... and witchcraft!!!.” 

The reverend clapped his hands with glee, watching as Duncan and Ronnie were taken away swiftly to the scaffold in the middle of the square already piled with wood and straw. 

	“What are we gonna do? Stammered Duncan, looking terrifyingly at the scaffold. “Please tell me ya have a plan Ronnie.” 

Ronnie's face was whiter than usual, and... unfortunately... he didn't, have a plan. 

	“Look, don't freak out ok Duncan, said Ronnie, as he was pushed towards the scaffold, I'm 

gonna get us out of this, I promise. 

Two men in black hoods, tied Duncan and Ronnie to two large wooden  stakes, Duncan looked up the sky mouthing a quick prayer, his fat face dripping with sweat. The fire quickly enveloped the dry straw and wood, the heat from the flames burning Duncan and Ronnie's faces. Duncan tried blowing at the fire, but the flames became bigger and bigger and nearer to where the boys stood. 

Ronnie glared at Tia, as she watched, her eyes as big as quarters. A strange look on her tiny face. The fire and people soon became a blur, a vortex opened in the air, swallowing Ronnie, Duncan, and Tia, and jetting them back into space and time. 






1765, 15 years later. 




	Lady Williamsburg sat in her gardens, watching the wind rush through the red and orange trees. It had been five years since her husband  had passed, and her heart did not hurt as it ought to have. The only pain she had, was the one for the love she almost... had. 

	“Mother? Came a squeuky prebuscent voice. 

Wilhelmina looked over to see her son Freddie in his new coat and hat, looking as handsome as ever. The older woman smiled. 

	“Just like your father, Wilhelmina replied trying not to cry. Getting up from her bench, she adjusted her son's kravatte. 

	“Come  Mother, I cannot miss my first day now can I?.” 

Wilhelmina smiled and nodded. 

As the carriage pulled up the large hill where the private school stood, two men stood at the gates, both armed. Wilhelmina motioned for the driver to stop. The lady Williamsburg was helped out of the carriage, her large heels clicking on the cobblestones. 

	“What is the meaning of this gentleman? Replied Wilhelmina in the most polite voice she could muster. 

One of the men with a beard handed the elegant lady a notice, the ink just barely dry. Wilhelmina read the notice quickly, and then tore it in half. 

	“You cannot do this!! barked Wilhelmina, My husband and I own this school, there is no reason that my son Freddie cannot attend? I want to speak to William at once!.” 

Both men nodded their heads, opening up the large iron gates and escorting the lady and Freddie inside the school. Climbing up a wooden stairwall, pictures of  the King George and other various art pieces lined the walls. 

A loud knock came at the door, a wiry gentleman got up from his desk piled with papers and answered the door with a smug look on his elegant face, as he saw Wilhelmina Williamsburg, a nasty look on hers. 

	“Well, lady Williamsburg, I did not expect a visit from you today my dear, come in!, please.” 

Wilhelmina holding her large poofy blue dress sat down with the help of her footman. 

	“I have a matter to discuss with you William, about my son... Freddie, I have received a notice 

saying that he was not accepted at Rindwood hall for this coming year.... “What is the meaning of this, 

the boy has worked hard, and.... he is.. my son after all.” 


Headmaster William a wicked look on his wrinkled face, tapped his fingers lightly on the desk. 

	“My, my, what a dilemma we have here do we not?.” “ I am sorry Wilhelmina but... the boy's marks, were not good enough I'm afraid. 

Wilhelmina scowled, her pretty face turning ugly. 

	“Rubbish!!! barked Wilhelmina, “Tell me at once what this is really about William, or so help me....” 

The headmaster got up from his desk and paced back and forth, looking out the window at the boys 

hurrying with their load of books up the stone steps and into the school. 

	“I think... you know dear Wilhelmina, what this is about.....” 

	“I am certain I don't!”.  William spouted back Wilhelmina, “ Please, explain it to me.” 

The headmaster turned quickly around, his face sour. 

	“I do not want to bring up, oh, past sins, if that is what we may call them... but.... for one.. you have no power over who I let into the school at toll madam, for that... is my arena...” “Your husband funded the money to build this school, and you... my dear... had no part.” 

	“Mother? Came Freddie's voice from the hall, “Is... everything... all right?.” 

Wilhelmina grabbed a hankerchief from her pocket rubbing her eyes. 

	“You will hear from my lawyers William, so help me!.” 

Wilhelmina rushed out of the office, the headmaster smiling wickedly behind her. Sitting back down on 

his chair, William organized his papers humming “God save the King”. 

	“So help me, muttered the headmaster to himself, as he stamped his seal on manuscript after manuscript, will I not let anyone!.... of his kind into this institution... ever!!!. “ 

In the shadows, Ronnie, Duncan, and Tia looked on sadly, at the maniacal old man, as he continued 

stamping papers, and then vanished into thin air as if he didn't exist. 

	

“Now you see... echoed a voice from the shadows... “ Go, and right this wrong.” 




Chapter 8


Halloween was here before Ronnie knew it, and it was time to ask someone to the Halloween ball the school held every year. As nervous as ever, Ronnie didnt' know if he should ask Keira or not, or if she'd even say yes for that matter. As far as Ronnie was concerned, he'd rather watch re-runs of old Bob the Slasher movies if it was up to him. 

	“So.. how do I look? Came Duncan's voice from the closet. 

Duncan appeared, wearing a polka dotted bow tie, and a black penguin suit, with shiny shoes to match. Ronnie tried to keep himself from laughing. 

	“Um... really good Dunc, replied Ronnie, but... who are you going with?.” 

Duncan began to blush. 

	“Member that girl I introduced ya to a couple a weeks back?. Her daddy owned the farm.” 

Ronnie remembered now, the girl that had literally crushed his hand with one touch. 

	“Oh... yeah... she was... really nice... I'm... uh.. happy for you.' 

Duncan became really excited. 

	“So... who is you goin with then? Is it that girl Keira?.” she's mighty perty.” 

Ronnie shook his head. 

	“I … haven't asked her yet.

Duncan came over and sat on the bed next to Ronnie and put his arm around him. 

	“You's scared ain't ya? .” Well don't be... I think she really likes ya.” 

Ronnie looked at Duncan strangely. 

	“You really think so? Said Ronnie 

Duncan nodded his head as if he were some bobble head doll. 

	“You kin ask her tonight!!. replied Duncan excitedly.” “She's always hangin around Marcie.” 

Unless, Ronnie thought, Marcie, asks him first. 


The hallway was crowded as normal, everyone crowded in circles talking noisily, Ronnie as usual, still sitting in his room, listening to music, his large black headphones resting on top of his head. A soft knock came at the door, Ronnie not noticing. Suddenly, his song was interrupted. Ronnie was about to yell at Duncan, when he saw it was, Keira... instead. 

	“Not a fan of the social scene eh? Said Keira with a smile. 

Ronnie smiled back. 

	“Nah, I'm uh.. anti-social actually. “ 

Keira laughed, putting her bag on Ronnie's bed. 

	“So... um, what's up?.” 

	“not much really, explained Ronnie, just listening to my new Crossplank CD.” 

Keira immediately became excited.

	“I... love... CrossPlank!!.” “It hasn't even come out yet!!. how did you get it?.” 

Ronnie smiled slyly. 

	“My dad... he has connections. “ 
	
	“Wicked!” replied Keira adjusting her long strip of purple hair. “So what happened the other 

night, I mean with the whole ghost thing.. .you never told me.” 

Hesitantly, Ronnie told Keira everything that happened, from being arrested and almost being burned to 

the stake, from traveling through time. Keira was a little speechless after Ronnie was done. 

	“This story is so messed up... explained Keira, there are so many different versions, “ my dad says that it was because the headmaster secretly hated Wilhelmina and that's why she didn't let her son in... and then my brother said it was because Wilhelmina had some fling with some dude from France, and the headmaster found out and ya, it was history from there.”

Suddenly, a spark hit Ronnie's brain. 

	“Wait... said Ronnie, you mean, that that Wilhelmina chick, dated that French ambassador guy in secret... and no one ever knew?.” 

Keira nodded. 

	
	“Rad, isn't it?, No one really knows how the old headmaster dude found out... but...people say that Wilhelmina turned him down or something for the French guy after her husband mysteriously disappeared. “ 

	“But wait, said Ronny, what was the French guy's name, maybe if we find out who the dude 

was, we kind find some record of his kid, and clear this whole mess up.” 

Keira smiled, pulling something out of her purse. 

	“Here said Keira, handing Ronnie a black rose... “maybe we can... figure this out during the 

dance Friday night?, what do ya say?.”

Nodding stupidly, Ronnie stammered “Yeah” 

	“Cool, said Keira, picking up her things.”I guess... I'll... see ya then.” 


£



	In the darkness of a basement. Four men gathered around in a circle, their flashlights pointed to the ground, booming music vibrated from upstairs. Talking quietly amongst themselves, they didn't notice the air becoming colder. 

	“Why in heavens name are we down here Robert? What was so important that we couldn't discuss whatever it was upstairs in the office?.” 

A man, his face covered, stepped forward, a smug look on his wrinkled face. 

	“Do you know... what day it is... Louis?. Replied the other man in a husky voice. 
Louis rolled his eyes, his thick eyebrows narrowing into a glare. 

	“It's Halloween you imbecile!, what of it? Louis replied grumpily. 

The older gentleman lit a cigar, the smoke trailing up to the ceiling. 

	“Then you know what we must do then.... “ “I've heard rumors gentleman... of one Ronald Macabre, a newly enrolled student, that... in fact may pose a threat... to our institution, if not dealt with correctly.” 

	“What of it Robert!. Come now... must we keep on carrying on this same idiotic tradition, if we changed the rules, maybe we'd be able to receive more money, especially for the school.” 

Robert inhaled deeply into his cigar and puffed out smoke, burning the other's eyes, 

	
	
	“When my great, great, great... grandfather founded this school Louis, it wasn't for common people, oh no, it was for the elite, those that deserved to learn.” “Men like Franklin, Madison, and George Washington himself, not some Joe Schmo from off the street.” 

Robert inhaled another drag from his cigar. 

	“No, continued Robert. “I'm going to make sure that the legacy of this school does not die because of some common pup!.” Robert smiled, looking up at the ceiling. “ I think gentleman, our guest... has arrived.” 


Up above Ronnie danced nervously with Keira, trying to dissuade her from thinking he was nervous. 

	“Anything... wrong? Asked Keira , yelling above the noise of the loud rock music. 

Ronnie shook his head no, wishing he could regain the saliva in his mouth. 

	“Man this music sucks!!! yelled Keira again. “we should  ditch this place and go somewhere else.” 

But before Ronnie could answer, something cold brushed against his neck, sending a familiar chill down his spine. The whole room stopped dancing, the music stopped, everyone's eyes stuck to one object floating above the room. 

	“Oh man, oh man!!, said Ronnie looking up at the angry ghost, her eyes shining black instead of the silver he had seen before. 

	“Ronny? Whimpered Keira, who... is that?.” and how does she know you?.” 

With a slam, the door burst open, three old men in tweed suits, their gray hair in disarray rushed into the room, the man in front wearing a gray hat, looking more like a detective from the 1940's than a Headmaster. 



	“See here wretch!! hissed the man in the tweed hat carrying something in his hand. “This is the 

last time you ruin our festivities!.” 

The ghost smiled wickedly, her foglike hairy bouncing up and down. Wilhelmina eyed Ronnie, especially the girl next to him. Zooming at light speed, the ghost sped toward Keira, the others moving back in one big herd. 

	“Nooo!!! screamed the headmaster, quickly reciting something under his breath in Latin, Ronnie not able to see the strange object in the Headmaster's hand. But unfortunately for Headmaster Rindwood, it was, too late. Keira's body convulsed at the impact of the ghost entering her body. A white wisp of air entering Keira's throat and disappearing inside her body. 

Keira smiled wickedly, pointing her finger at the startled headmaster, his wrinkled face pale as snow. 

	“Now hear this Headmaster, spoke Keira in a strange echoing voice. “ I will, have my revenge, and you sir, have failed... for in the midst of you lies one that does not... belong....” 

Everyone gasped, not knowing what the ghost meant. Chaperones hurried to Keira's side as she lost 

consciousness, everything becoming black except for the face of a pale boy, with eyes the color of the 

sky. 




¥



The dorm hall was more crowded than ever that night after the dance. Everyone was talking about what 

had happened to Keira, and the ghastly poltergeist that had appeared. 

	“Oh, I wish she'd just go away Chalmy, replied Marcie, shivers running down her spine. 

Chalmers rubbed Marcie's back, the others looking at the strange couple tolerantly. 

	“What do ya think pardner? Said Duncan, his suit soaked from fright, his date on the other side 

of the room, not being able to stand his smell. 

Ronnie thought for a moment, wondering if she should tell the others the truth. 

	“Don't worry guys, said Ronnie, she's not going to hurt anyone.” She just wants..... justice.” 

Everyone looked at Ronnie strangely. Two twins popped their gum, their braces shining in the light. 

	“C'mon Macabre, hissed Tia, spit it out.”

Ronnie began to sweat, hoping that if he did tell, that Wilhelmina wrath wouldn't be taken out on him.

	“She told me... that for her to leave us alone we have to figure out why the school didn't let her son in, and then she'll leave us alone ok?.” 

Tia rolled her eyes. 

	“That's all?... sighed Tia.” “I bet ya anything Mr. Rindwood has something to do with it. “The man doesn't just let anyone in.” “The idiot almost didn't  let me in... my dad had to pay him extra money.” 


It all made sense now” Ronnie whispered to himself. History repeated itself. Ronnie got up from among the huge crowd and went to his room, unbeknownst to him, Duncan wasn't far behind as well as Tia, Marcie and Chalmers, and Rhonda, her side pony tail bobbing back and forth. Ronnie sat down at his laptop, quickly typing something into the space bar. 

	“What ya doin? Said Duncan right next to Ronnie's ear. 

Ronnie huffed. 

	“I'm trying to get into the school database, it might have what we're looking for. 

Password after Password was tried, but Ronnie couldn't get into the system. A loud pop, was heard 

from the bed. Rhonda was laying on the bed, on her side, lifting one leg and putting it down again. 

	“Hey Ron, replied Rhonda, blowing a huge bubble and popping it. One word, Room 313.” 

Norman Welchelbottom was no ordinary kid, in fact, he wasn't a kid, but a middle aged man living in the school, helping mostly with the technical mishaps that happened once in a while. His door was at the end of the boy's hall, normally closed all day long. Strange noises were heard throughout the day, but no one really dared to go see what actually went on. 

Rhonda walked nonchalantly up to the door, and knocked three times rhythmically. The door opened just a crack, a long white nose sticking out, and a hoarse high voice answering. 

	“Rhonda?, hissed the voice, “ is that.. you?.” 

Rhonda rolled her eyes, opening her mouth as she chewed. 

	“Of course it's me she smiled, “Don't be afraid k?, I brought some friends.” 

The door opened all the way, a young 20 year old man  in bunny rabbit footie pajamas, thick black glasses, and a unshaven chin smiled, extending his hand to a moth eaten couch that was probably over 30 years old, a small table next to it, with a dead flower inside a glass vase. 

	“Uh... make yourselves at home, said Norman sitting back down at his computer. 

Ronnie rolled his eyes. This had been a huge waste of time, until Rhonda piped up. 

	“So Normy, replied Rhonda walking up to his computer, my friend here he like, needs to get into the school database, can ya... help?.” 

Norman quickly became very agitated, typing faster and faster. 

	“Oh well... that's against the rules Rhonda replied Norman in a high voice, I mean.. I could get... fired.” 


	Laying her head slightly on Norman's shoulder, Rhonda smiled, gently stroking Norman's arm. 

The others began to cringe. 

	“ C'mon Normy poo-poo, do it for... me.” 

Norman began to giggle slightly, his large shoulders bouncing up and down. 

	“Oh all right, the man agreed, but just this once... ok?.” 

Rhonda motioned for Ronnie to come over. Ronnie struggled to get off the couch, his pants having been snagged on one of the wire springs. 

	“K, all we need is to get into the database, explained Ronnie, I need to look up any file on Headmaster Rindwood. “ 

Norman hastily typed, a blue screen coming up with the school logo. Typing in a short password, the screen changed to several options from transcripts to past student records. 

	“ Try.... Ronnie clicked his tongue against his teeth, ... and then Ronnie noticed something 

peculiar on the main page. A single folder with the word “ Private” 

	“Try the private folder, instructed Ronnie excitedly. 

After clicking on the folder, Norman's hand began to shake, Norman swearing under his breath. 

	“ What the... said Ronnie a look of frustration on his face. 

The file contained information on a group known as “The Knights of Secundus” but there was no way 

to access the page further without a password. 

	“Norman, can ya get in any further? Ronnie asked.

Norman shook his head. And adjusted his glasses. 

	“Sorry.... but... I don't know anythin about these guys... just that well... Their leader must be... 

Headmaster Rindwood.”

Tia got off the couch and came over to the computer. 

	“I've heard of these guys, she whispered, they're bad news Ronnie.” 

Ronnie smirked. He had never seen Tia this scared before. 

	“How bad can they be Tia? “They're probably just a bunch of old guys that meet every week and complain about their wives.” 

Tia gave Ronnie a serious look. Ronnie immediately knew that the headstrong girl wasn't kidding. 

	“Look, school legend says, that when Putnam was first built, there were witch trials goin on at the same time in Salem.” “So... the town elders formed a secret society, to combat any witches that appeared in town, so they wouldn't have the same problem. “ 

	“So... what does that have to do with this Williamsburg lady? Asked Ronnie in a confused voice. “ I mean, she wasn't a witch, and neither was her son? What' s the deal?.” 

Tia shook her head, looking intently at the computer screen. All of a sudden, Norman got excited. 

	“Hey, piped Norman, getting out of his seat, “so, every Wednesday, Mr. Rindwood has some type of meeting at the school with some of his buddies from the mayor's office. “I don't know what they do down there in the infirmary, but it must this Secundus stuff.” 

Duncan, Ronnie, and Tia looked at each other, They definitely had plans, Wednesday night. 




Chapter 9



Mr. Rindwood tightly held a small gold watch in his wrinkled hands, waiting eagerly for the others to arrive. He hated having to wait all by himself, it was foolish he thought for an old man like himself to be afraid of ghosts, but unfortunately for him, he hadn't wanted the responsibility in this ridiculous responsibility in the first place,and now it had become his curse. Mr. Rindwood remembered the first time his father had told him the truth about the midnight outings to the town square, the cannasta games on Tuesday nights, and the strange things that had been happening at the school his family had owned for generations. 

Soft Sitar music reverberated throughout a brightly decorated room, flower petals on the green carpet lay still. A teenage boy with long brown hair down to his shoulders, meditated on a middle eastern rug, his eyes closed, his attention on meditation, when suddenly his door burst open. A man in a gray suit, and tie, his hair slightly balding looked at his son with disgust. 

	“Whoa man!, said the teenage boy, opening one eye.
	
	“Shut up Marlin! And come with me!.” The bald man snarled. 

Not knowing what to say, the teenage hippie followed his father out of his room and down the red carpeted stairs. 

	“What's this about man? Asked the teenage boy, but his father was silent. 




	An office lay on the ground floor. Pulling a key from his pocket, the older man opened the door, forcefully pulling the boy into the lavishly decorated office that smelled strongly of wood polish and cologne. 

	“Listen to me Marlin, replied his father with a serious look on his troubled face, because this is the only time I'm going to say anything about this matter. The teenager pulled his colored sunglasses off and sat down on a chair putting his feet up on the desk. 

	“Our family has.... kept a deep dark secret for many years now, and now, I bestow upon you, the responsibility … to keep it.” 

Marlin seemed uninterested looking up at the ceiling. 

	“Are you listening Marlin!! barked his father.” This is important.” 

	“All right man! Like I'm sorry.” Peace.” 

Marlin's father rolled his eyes, and walked over to his large oak desk, pulling an object out of a drawer and handing it to his son. The Hippie, his eyes wide, held the object up to the light. 

	“What... is this... pop?.” 

Marlin's father faced the window looking at the perfect green lawn, his butler Geoffrey, mowing the 

grass. 

	“A long time ago Marlin, when your great, great, grandfather founded Rindwood hall, there was... a problem.” The balding man hesitated. “ A woman, you've probably heard of her, Madam Williamsburg, at the sound of the name, Marlin's interest peaked. 

	“ Whoa, like the ghost pop? Replied Marlin quietly. 

	“Yes son, the ghost, that has... ruined everything that our family has worked for generations.” 

But... your great grandfather... had a plan... a plan, that would take of the problem... permanently. “ 

Marlin narrowed his eyes, not liking where the conversation was going. 

	“ When the lady Williamsburg passed, it had seemed... mysterious.. but... it was no accident.” “She has for centuries now, sought her vengeance for what seemed to her... a unrightful wrong... but to us.. it was... well... an appropriate action.” 

	“Look pop, replied Marlin getting up from his chair, “Like I don't want to get into this right now.” 

But Marlin's father stopped him before he could leave. 

	“Son, please, do this one thing for me, and I will never... bother you again.” 

Handing Marlin the object in his hands, a strange talisman, something the teenage boy had never seen before. 

	“Keep this safe son, it will protect you from.... her.” and... one other thing.... promise me, that when you are to take over the school, that you will.... keep the school safe, from those that don't belong.” 

Mr. Rindwood's father told many other things that day, Marlin, not wanting to remember, for that was 

the day, that he was no longer, at peace. 

	“Marlin? Came a voice from the shadows. A man wearing an old fashioned top hat, appeared, his gray mustache covering most of his face. “Are you... alright? The other man asked. 

Marlin stared off into space, almost not hearing his close friend's words. 

	“Yes, yes, I'm fine George, just... thinking. “ 

Others soon appeared, wearing golden pins on their vest, a knight carrying an ax standing beside a cross. 

	“Brothers!, began Mr. Rindwood, stepping inside the circle of men,” I have called you here tonight for urgent business.” A threat has appeared, that must... be smudged.” The other men nodding their heads in approval. 

	“ It has come to my attention... that someone... I don't know whom... has finally got through the barriers we have put up these several centuries.” “ that someone... is a descendant.... of her.” 

The men in the shadows all spoke excitedly with one another. Mr. Rindwood threw an object down on the ground, a green light emanated from the small talisman. Behind a large metal safe, A frightening tingling rose up Ronnie's spine, the stench of Duncan's sweat becoming stronger. 

The headmaster and the men in the circle spoke strange words in hushed voices, words that neither Ronnie nor the others could understand. The strange magical object began to bounce on it's own, a echoing voice escaping the object in a green mist. The headmaster spoke in a different language pointing to the misty smoke, the smoke quickly obeying disappearing into the darkness of the basement. 

	“Ronnie?, Duncan stammered, 

Ronnie ignored Duncan, his eyes glued on the strange magical creature that had just appeared. 

	“What the heck was that Ronnie? Whispered Tia, 

Ronnie shook his head, a look of fear on his white face. 

	“I don't know Tia, whispered Ronnie in a frightened voice, but we'll soon find out.' 







***


Duncan tried to keep with Ronnie as they ran around the track in the football field, their gym teacher Mrs. Patooie screaming at them to run faster. Out of the corner of his eye, Ronnie caught a glimpse of Keira, talking with a group of girls, her beautiful purple hair shining in the sunlight. Not looking where he was going, Ronnie ran right into a large boy in front of him. 

	“Hey Macabre!”, the large boy said in a gravely voice, what the heck do ya think you're doing!”. 

The large boy picked up Ronnie by his shirt lifting him in the air, Ronnie's skinny legs dangling. 

	“I'm... sorry, croaked Ronnie, trying to get air, I must have.... been distracted.” 

The large boy not really understanding what Ronnie said, threw him down on the wet grass, storming 

off, uttering a threat under his nasty breath. 

	“Whoa pardner, said Duncan helping Ronnie to his feet, you is way lucky.” 

Ronnie smiled, brushing the grass off his gym shorts. 

	“Yeah, and why is that? Replied Ronnie, I've had worse. 

Duncan looked suddenly more frightened than usual. 

	“That was Lawrence Little, said Duncan, the biggest meanest, feller at this here school, no kid has ever crossed and lived. “ 

Looking over at Keira's direction once again, Ronnie laughed. “Well I survived... didn't I?.” 

	“You was lucky” was all Duncan could say. 

Ronnie started running again, heading towards the stadium benches. 

	“Ronnie? Said Keira in a surprised voice, aren't you supposed to be... 

The boy smiled, scratching his head. 

	“Yeah, but I thought... I would... say hi.” 

Keira laughed. 

	“Hi, now, I think you should get back before Godzilla over there has a conniption.” 

Ronnie looked over at Mrs. Patooie, a nasty glare on her masculine face. 

	“Hey, meet me at the cafe tonight? Asked Ronnie. 


Keira nodded, her cheeks turning red. Ronnie gave a Keira a quick kiss on the cheek and starting running again. 

	“Well, said Duncan with a mischievious smile on his fat face, “When did you two... become hitched?.” 

	“It's... a long story, explained Ronnie, C'mon I'll tell you the whole story after class.” 

The hall crowded with students, bustling with laughter, and gossip didn't notice the strange wisp of green smoke floating in a corner above the rusted lockers. A small girl with raven black hair, caught the smoke's attention. 

	“Look Ronnie, you have nothing to worry about chided Tia, “I mean, it was probably just 

smoke and mirror stuff.” 

The other boys shook their heads. 

	“It was real Tia!, you were there you saw it, I mean... who knows what that thing could be.” 

Duncan looked over at Tia, an annoyed look on her face. 

	“Oh Ronnie, sighed Tia, you are unbelievable, I mean, who in their right mind would...” 

Before Tia could finish, her eyes rolled in the back of her head, her jaw dropping. Ronnie caught the small girl before she fell to the floor, everyone stopping what they were doing and watching the strange scene before them. 

	“C'mon, C'mon, Move out of the way!!! barked a voice from the crowd. The police officer on duty, his strong shoulders moving as he walked, several girls cooing at his presence. Officer Crank eyed Ronnie suspiciously. 

	“What happened here son? Barked the officer pulling his black shades down. 

Ronnie gulped down a large amount of saliva. 

	“Nah, nah, nothing stammered Ronnie, she just... fainted. “ 

Officer Crank took Tia from Ronnie's arms, slapping her face a little. The girl slowly woke up, her eyes 

returning to normal. 

	“Ok People!! barked the cop, there's nothin to see!. “Go back to what you were doin.” 

Tia looked at Ronnie strangely. 

	“What just happened? And why was that creeper slapping my face, I ought to sue.” 

Ronnie and Duncan laughed. 


	“You fainted Tia, said Ronnie, something weird happened.” 

Tia rolled here eyes. 

	“Look Macabre, I think it's time that we parted ways, cause... whenever I'm with you.. there seems to be never a dull moment. “ 

Whipping her hair back, Tia turned around, her heels clicking down the hall, everyone staring as her 

little figure passed by. Ronnie sighed a breath of relief. 

	“She was getting on my nerves anyway, replied Ronnie gathering his books. “ Duncan nodded 

with a stupid smile on his face. 

As Ronnie walked to his next class, he had a weird feeling that he was being watched. Looking back down the abandoned hallway, Ronnie turned back around to see a strange girl, someone he hadn't seen in a while blocking his path. 

	“Olga? Replied Ronnie looking at the girl, her eyes a strange color. 

The Russian girl smiled wanly. 

	“Ronnie Macabre, the girl replied in a strange voice. “Just zuh the man I vant to see.” 

Walking slowly towards Olga, Ronnie watched the girl's every move, planning his own at the same 

time. 

	“What's uh... up? Replied Ronnie. “I haven't seen you... around in a while.” 

Ronnie noticed that Olga was not the same Olga he had met several weeks before. 

	“I... have a message, replied Olga in the same strange voice. 

	“From... who? Answered Ronnie uneasingly. 




	There was no answer for a minute, and then, Olga seemed to come to her senses. Her one eye 

twitching. 

	“ From.... her.” Olga moaned. “She say, by fortnight next, a stranger you will seek,  his and your 

fate unknown, only to the maiden which whom you love. ” 

The green mist became frenzied, wrapping itself around Olga, the girl and the mist disappearing into mid air. With a deep sigh, Ronnie walked towards the end of the lockers, a twinge of fear in his chest. Ronnie knew, the truth. 








Chapter 10


The soft croaking of frogs serenaded  a long tall shadow walking amongst the quiet swamp. The cool crisp spring air brushed against Ronnie's hair and jacket. Squish. Ronnie had just stepped into a deep puddle of mud, his new sneakers his dad had sent him, now ruined. Making a face, the teenager moved forward brushing his dark hair out of his face. 

A sunken grave stone, slowly disappearing into the thick mud shone in the moonlight, the name carved, barely readable. Ronnie sat on a moss covered log putting his hands in his face. A cold hand touched his shoulder, the boy quickly jumping up seeing the same woman in white, her eyes glistening in the darkness. 

	“Look, just leave me alone ok? Replied Ronnie, “ I can't.... do this anymore.” 

The ghost looked sad, her misty form following her as she looked at the sun barely setting over the horizon. 

	“I know what it is like to be... different, replied Wilhelmina. But you have a gift Ronald, and that is why I have come to you.... for help.” 

Ronnie looked up at the ghost, his face, confused. 

	“I don't know what you're talking about lady, this isn't no gift., It's a... curse.” “Ever since I can remember I've had some connection with...you people, ghosts.” “I don't know why, and you know what, I really wish... it were someone else.” 

The ghost came closer to Ronnie, putting her hand once again on his shoulder. 

	“We have more of a connection, than you might realize my dear, replied the ghost, but you will learn that in time, for now, you must use your gift.” “ you were given this ability for a reason Ronald, to help those, who cannot help themselves.” 

Getting up from the log, Ronnie ran his hands through his hair. 

	“What if... I don't want to replied Ronnie in a quiet voice.“ What is so important that you stayed here for all this time, I mean your son turned out ok right? And the guy that screwed you over... he's dead.' “So what's the big deal?.” 

Wilhelmina's light became even more luminous and bright, the power of the light blinding Ronnie's eyes. The mud started bubbling around Ronnie, his body sinking slowly into the black mud. Crying out for help, Ronnie slowly disappeared into blackness, going upside down, and then right side up again, this time, in a place all too familiar. 





¶


The humid heat quickly had turned Ronnie into a walking mudman , except he felt like he had been dropped into a hole of cement. He thought it smart to stay out of town this time, since he didn't know if the guy that had arrested him before was still alive or not. Shaking his head as he sat underneath a large oak tree, Ronnie wondered how much more detention he was going to have to suffer through. Giggling erupted from a tree next door. Quickly, Ronnie ducked beside a large bush. A couple sat underneath the adjacent Oak, sitting on the ground next to each other sipping drinks out of large wine glasses. 

	“Oh do stop William, giggled the girl next to the gentleman, you're making me blush.” 

William took a sip from his cup and smiled. 

	“You know, if I were Aphrodite, I would wish I were as beautiful as you, oh Mina, if only we could be together.”

Wilhelmina looked into a William's eyes, a sad look on her white painted face. 

	“You know it cannot be Will, for I am already betrothed to...” 

An angry look appeared on William's brow, his hand began to clutch his wine glass more tightly. 

	“The jackanape!, scowled William, standing up trying to gain his balance, pulling a sword from his belt. “Tomorrow night Mina, mark...my words, William hiccupped, I shall win!...your honor.” 

The girl laughed, trying to push William back to the ground, trying desperately not to laugh. 

	“It is alright, said Mina putting her hand on William's cheek, for I do not love him.... I love... 

you.” “Though, I would love to see you cut him to ribbons.” 

The two lovers laughed and exchanged a kiss. 

	“I know, said William in a tipsy voice, let us... run away together!!, tonight!!, we shall... go to the church, awaken the priest, and like Romeo and Juliet,... get married... in secret.' 


Wilhelmina giggled. “Oh William, you sweet, sweet fool.” “ How about... let us talk about this again when you've... come to your senses, the woman grinned, taking another sip from her drink, William having passed out on her shoulder. 

Everything quickly became blurry, Ronnie struggling to stay on his own feet, at jet speed, time quickly 

flashed further into the future. It was a pitch black night, and the same man from before was sitting in 

his carriage, looking into the darkness, as if he were waiting for someone. 

A horse appeared out of the darkness, a servant helped Wilhelmina off the saddle, she not as happy as 

before. 

The man stepped out of his carriage and running towards Wilhelmina, taking her in his arms. 

	“Oh how I've longed for this day, whispered William in Wilhelmina's ear. 

The lady said nothing, her face growing crimson. 

	“Why do you not say anything? Replied William releasing Wilhelmina. “ Why so silent?.” 

Trying to think carefully, the lady's eyes filled with tears. 

	“Oh Will, I do not know how to explain in words how much... you have meant to me but.. I leave for France in a fortnight.” 

Growing angry, William threw his staff to the ground. 

	“We had an agreement Mina, said William, I thought that we understood one another. You told me not three years past, that you had feelings for me, and now... you're... leaving to France?, why?.” 

Nodding to her servant, Wilhelmina carried a small wooden box. She carefully unwrapped the red ribbon and opened it up to reveal a jeweled ring. 

	“What is this trickery? Said William in a sorrowful voice.” “You... love.. another?. Who? The Frenchman?” 

Wilhelmina, could only nod. 

	
	
	“How? , when? Barked William, No matter he continued turning away from Wilhelmina, If that 

is what you desire... than... I shall not stop you.” 

William and Lady Williamsburg parted ways, both secretly taking one last look at one another as both 

carriages pulled away from the small stone church. 

	“You 'ave done zuh right thing my dear, came a voice from the darkness.

Wilhelmina looked out the window, the crisp air running through her wig. 

	“I hope you are right my dear Francois, I do not know if I can leave, what about... the school.” 

the children, It will all go to ruin... “ 

The Frenchman pulled Wilhelmina close into his arms, his strong scent enveloping her like a warm 

blanket. 

	“Do not worry my cherie, all will be well, you shall see,” 

Francois continued holding Wilhelmina in his arms as the sun began to rise above the hills, Lady 

Williamsburg's soft breathing against his the Frenchman's chest. 

Ronnie felt himself once again sink into oblivion, finally reappearing on the Rindwood school grounds 

once again. Trying to steady himself, his head spinning, the boy sat down once again on the log. 

	“You've gotta stop doing that said Ronnie, I  can only take so much.” 

The ghost wasn't paying attention to Ronnie but looking faraway as if in a trance. 

	“So... what happened then? Asked Ronnie, is that William guy the one that wouldn't let your kid in the school? 

Lady Williamsburg turned around a nodded. 

	“Man, talk about a grudge said Ronnie. 

The ghost smiled a little. “ Yes, William's pain was my doing... and, his vengeance barely began that night at the church.” “You see, William could not let the feelings he had leave, so he set out to do all he could... to destroy... my happiness. “ 

It was all making sense to Ronnie now, but why had William's descendents held a grudge for so long. 

As the sun became brighter, the ghost started to fade. 

	“Wait, said Ronnie desperately, “You gotta tell the rest, I can't figure this out on my own!!. “ but the ghost had already disappeared. Someone had been eavesdropping. 

	“I thought I'd find you here, Keira stepped forward, her hair shining in the morning sun. 

Ronnie looked stunned to see Keira, especially since she had had no idea that Ronnie was coming to 

this exact spot. 

	“How...Ronnie stammered. 

Keira laughed. “Don't be surprised, you're actually really predictable. “So … who was she? That lady 

you were... talking to?.” 

	“Oh, uh... nobody, said Ronnie, I was just talking to myself. “ Anyways, uh, let's get back, 

Ronnie took Keira's hand, as they walked back across the mud and towards the dismal school. Keira 

secretly smiling. 

	“Ronnie, said Keira breaking the silence, if you had a secret, you'd tell me... right?.” “I mean, I 

want us to be totally honest with each other.” 

Trying to keep a straight face, Ronnie nodded. “ Yeah, definitely, the boy answered, sweat slowly 

pouring down his neck. 




±


“And so”.  boomed a monotone voice with a British accent, the larva grow inside the hive, waiting for the opportunity to hatch at the right moment, thus, becoming young adults, and contributing to the hive.” 

The small projector clicked as pictures of small, fat, white larva moved around, busy worker bees tending to their needs. No one really paying attention, not even the science teacher Mr. Barnickle, who's thick glasses were slowly sliding off his long nose. 

	“Pssst, Ronnie! Whispered Keira, as she slid a note on Ronnie's desk. Carefullly, and quietly opening the small piece of paper, Ronnie smiled at Keira's drawing of Mr. Barnickle, his nose the size of Pinocchio's. Grabbing his pen, Ronnie quickly wrote something to Keira, and tossed the crinkled paper to a girl named Sydney, who threw it back to Keira. Trying to contain her laughter, Keira covered her mouth, as Mr. Barnickle with a loud snort, woke up just in time for the movie to end. 

	'Now class, began Mr. Barnickle, in a whiny voice, I want you all to write a summary of what you've learned today from this video, because, it will, be on the test on Friday.” 

The whole room groaned, as the bell rang loudly, chairs groaning as students packed up their things, throwing their books and papers into backpacks. Ronnie jetted out of the room, trying to ditch Duncan before he could catch up with he and Keira. 

	“Smooth move, huffed Keira, barely have been able to catch up with Ronnie, “So when were you going to tell me you were the son of Superman, jeese you're fast.' 

Ronnie laughed. “That's just one.. of my many secrets.” 

The warm spring air felt good on Ronnie's face, even though for the most part he'd rather be inside listening to his cd player, but Keira had changed most of Ronnie's outlook. It was nice to finally have someone he could relate to. Everyday since the day at the abandoned graveyard, Ronnie and Keira had met each day at a tall hill just above the school. Today, Ronnie had something in particular he wanted to talk about. 

	“Hey you didn't bring your usual replied Keira pulling out a candy-bar. 

Ronnie shrugged. 

	“I”m really not that hungry I guess, he replied, picking a piece of grass and watching it fly into the wind. 

	“What's wrong, said Keira making Ronnie face her. Unfortunately for Ronnie, with Keira around he was forced to share his feelings all the time. 

Unzipping his backpack, Ronnie pulled out a small brass ring he had found in the graveyard one day 

while he had been talking to the ghost. 


	“Here, mumbled Ronnie, I... want you to have this.” 

Puzzled, Keira didn't know what to say. “ Are you... proposing?, she giggled. 

Ronnie became bright red. 

	“No way!, I'm just... well... it's a promise ring ok?, I know lame, but I... really like you... and...” 

Leaning in for a kiss, Keira gave Ronnie a peck on the cheek. 

	“That... is the sweetest thing anyone... has ever done for me.” “Ronnie Macabre, you're the greatest. “ 




	Keira and Ronnie stayed on the hill all afternoon, talking and laughing until the sun began to disappear behind the hill. 

	“Man, I'm really sorry about Marcie, said Keira, she's super creepy.” 

Ronnie shrugged. “It's ok, I mean, she's not that bad I guess... she just …

	'Is creepy, Keira laughed, completing Ronnie's sentence. 

Looking at her watch, Keira began to fidget. 

	“Crap, I gotta go, she said hurriedly. Giving Ronnie another quick peck on the cheek, Keira waved goodbye, disappearing into her dorm entrance. Humming singing in the rain, Ronnie walked to the door just across from Keira's feeling someone behind him. 

	“Oh Ronny wonnie, you remembered! Came a old woman's voice. 

Ronnie quickly turned around in horror, to see his dead grandmother in the darkness. 

	“Grandma? Hissed Ronnie, what the heck are you doing here? I told you not to visit me anymore.

The old woman smiled, hobbling over to her grandson. 

	“C'mon big boy, I know you miss me.” “ come give Grandma some sugar.” 

Ronnie turned around walking into the building, a whoosh of wind and his grandma blocked his way. 

	“So... said his grandma with a  smile, who was that? And why haven't I met her yet?.” 


Ronnie rolled his eyes, hoping that nobody was listening or noticing that he was talking to thin air. 



	“Look, it's nobody, Ronnie hissed, “just a friend.” 

Shaking her finger at Ronnie, his grandmother wasn't convinced. 

	“I don't think she's just nobody, chided his grandma, especially since you... kissed. 

Walking right through his grandmother Ronnie got to his door, quickly listening to see if Duncan was awake. 

	“It hurts my heart Ronnie that you don't want to talk to me anymore.” “You used to love it when 

I'd come to see you when you were little.' 

	Huffing Ronnie turned around once again motioning for his grandma to follow him into the boy's bathroom. 

	“I'm sorry Gram, said Ronnie, but I just... can't have people know that I can...

Grandma Macabre smiled. “ I know dear, but just think, not everyone can talk to their dead grandmas can they?.” 

Putting his hand against the tiled wall, Ronnie gave his grandma the familiar annoyed look. 

	“Alright, alright, said his grandmother, I'm sorry wonnie, can't your old grandma come see you once in a while?.” Anyhow, your mother and I are so proud of you for helping that poor dear, the ghost, you've been talking to.” 

Ronnie tried not to cry. His mother was the only ghost that hadn't ever come and seen him since she had passed. 

	“How... is mom anyway? Replied Ronnie trying to be non-chalant. 

Grandma Macabre became sad. 

	“She sends her love as always baby, replied his grandmother.

	“Grandma? Why doesn't mom ever come visit me like you do? I mean, I haven't seen her 

since....” 


The ghost floated over to her grandson and gave him a kiss. 

	“It's...complicated Ronnie, replied his grandmother, she... well... thinks it would be too painful for you I'm afraid. “She's just trying to protect you from getting hurt. “ 

A surge of anger rushed to Ronnie head. 

	“Painful? Barked Ronnie, what's painful is, that I lost her, and that even though I have this... thing that I can do... I can't even... see  her. “ 

	“There, there, dear, replied grandma, trying to soothe Ronnie's frustration. “ One day, you will understand, but until then, you must be patient. “ Ooops, I gotta go said his grandmother looking at her watch.”But here honey, I have something for you.” 

Grandma Macabre dug through  her large purse and handed Ronnie a piece of twine with a strange carved shape attached. 

	“I'm not supposed to tell you this honey, but you're... in great danger, whispered his grandmother. “Keep that thing I gave you on ya on at all times, it will protect you. “Now, I gotta go. “ 


	
	Stepping out of the bathroom, Ronnie bumped into a half asleep boy, needing to take care of some midnight business. Ronnie politely excused himself, sneaking quietly into his room, Duncan's snores serenading him as he slid into bed. Threading the object between his fingers, Ronnie quickly fell asleep, clutching the object close, as a green mist quickly exited through a nearby window. 




Chapter 11


The scent of Ronnie's stepmother's new perfume au de flambaise, stung the inside of his nose. Putting on his headphones, Ronnie tried to drown out his stepmother's constant nagging. 


	“The boy better not be included in our plans Harold, Ronnie's stepmother said as she checked her lipstick in the mirror.” You know how I feel about the little miscreant.” 

Harold Macabre sighed a breath of frustration, with all his millions, he could never replace his first wife, no matter how hard he tried, and now he was stuck with this woman.. but, maybe not.

	“Don't worry Francine, Ronnie and I have separate plans.” 

Francine puckered up her fat lips one more time with a wicked smile and replied.” Good.” 

Ronnie looked out the window at the familiar house, the yard and the little cupid statue that had been an unwanted addition. His mother would've hated it. Ronnie sighed, this was going to be a long, weekend. A butler opened first Francine's door, and then Ronnie's,

	“Hello master Ronald, said the old man in a deep drawling voice. “ So good... to see you again.” 

Trying to be polite, Ronnie nodded with a short smile, grabbing his backpack and running straight through the French doors and up the red carpeted stairs to his room. A yellow “Do not Disturb” sign hung on his door, with a smile, Ronnie opened up the door, to see and smell the familiar stench of dirty laundry. 

	“Ahhhh, Ronnie sighed jumping on his bed, lying down, and retrieving his CD player from his backpack, putting in the all too familiar Blackmist band. 

A rendition of Pachelbel's Canon, came from the doorway, the old butler strode slowly to the door. A girl with long blonde hair, and purple and pink braces smiled back at the old butler. 

	“Can I....help you? Said the Butler in a Lurch-like voice from the Addam's family. 

	“Yeah, is... Ronnie here?.” 



	The butler pointed toward the stairs. The girl instantly running towards the stairs with a jump in her step. Stopping at the do not enter sign, the girl knocked happily at the door. Ronnie was in the middle of a drum solo, not hearing the door. After a few knocks, with a confused look on her face, the girl opened the door, to see Ronnie standing on his bed, playing air-guitar, his face starting to burn. 

Pulling off his headphones, Ronnie looked horrified, his mouth open. 

	“Hi Ronnie, chirped the girl happily, trying to step over all the old laundry covering the floor.  I thought I'd come see you, my mom said you were coming back this week.” 

Thinking quickly, Ronnie thought of a white lie. 

	“Oh... uh, Matilda, so good... to … see you again... I”m really sorry but uh... I have tons, of homework to do and... you'll probably have to come back some other time.” 

But Matilda didn't budge. 

	“Oh Ronnie, always the kidder, the girl laughed. “Look, I just came by to see if you... Matilda paused twirling her finger through her hair. “If you wanted to go down to the pond... you know where you used to go to … get away.” 

Ronnie remembered all too well. But unforutnately, before he could say no again, Matilda dragged him down the stairs and down the hill towards the old frog pond. 

	“Wait Matilda....!!! Ronnie shouted as he was dragged.” Can't we... talk about this?...” 


But Matilda wouldn't take no, for an answer. Sitting Ronnie down, she smoothing the grass next to him, and gracefully sat next to him. There was an awkward silence for a few moments before Matilda finally broke it. 

	“So... said Matilda, how is... Rindwood anyway? I heard it's haunted. Matilda replied in a whisper. 

Sighing, Ronnie laid down on the grass. 

	“It's ok.... I mean, for a private school anyway.” “Look Matilda, what's going on? Why did you want to see me anyways?.' 

Tears filled Matilda's eyes, the girl carefully pulled out a hankie and tried to conceal her tears. 


	“I... just wanted to see you was all Ronnie, I mean... is that a crime?.” 

Getting up from the grass, Ronnie picked up a small pebble and threw it in the water. 

	“I just want you to know... began Ronnie, that this is super awkward... especially since you 

forgot one little thing... we're not together... anymore.” 

Matilda began to cry hysterically, pulling her little hanky over her face and grabbing Ronnie's legs. 

	“Please, oh please Ronnie!! take me back!!. I can't live without you!.” 

Any guy would be grateful for any girl to give him this much attention, but Ronnie on the other hand, 

was not.

	“Look, Matilda, Please... .let go of my leg for just one... minute.” 

At this moment, Ronnie wished he had never gone to that party six months ago. Ronnie had gone with his best friend Britney, someone he had had a secret crush on for most of elementary school and Junior high, but Britney unfortunately, had never felt the same. That night, Ronnie and his group of friends were having a good time when he had seen someone that took his breath away. Matilda had looked like an average girl, long blonde hair, pretty blue eyes, and a smile that could melt you, if, you stared at it long enough. But there was something deeper inside of Matilda, that would become Ronnie's ruin. 

	“Remember, , pleaded Matilda, that day at the football field when we went to the game, and I.. gave you that kiss when our team finally won the first game of the season... what magic!, what ecstasy!. “ 

Ronnie rolled his eyes. “ I'm sorry Matilda... but it's … over.'”

Walking away from Matilda, her shrill cries ringing in his ears, 

	“Ronnie?, wait.... cried Matilda running after him.”I... know that things didn't... work out 

between us.. .but... I was wondering... if we could be... friends?.” 


Reluctantly, Ronnie nodded, Matilda may be creepy, but she deserved a chance. But suddenly, Ronnie wished he hadn't came back. With neon green eyes, Matilda sprang at Ronnie at lightening speed by his shirt, pulling him into the mossy green water of the frog pond. Struggling to loosen Matilda's Herculean grip, Ronnie was quickly running out of air, bubbles sprang from his mouth in the cold, murky water. Spying a small sharp rock glittering in the muddy bottom, Ronnie snatched it tearing it across Matilda's arm. 

Screaming in pain, Matilda let Ronnie go, the boy making his way back up to the surface, coughing up water, and struggling for breath. Opening his eyes, Ronnie saw Matilda passed out on the side of the bank of the pond, someone entirely different in front of him. 

	“Fool, said the voice, a misty green creature, it's features distorted. “ “a warning... do not come back to the place of Rindwood, or your fate... will be in my hands.....” 

The misty green creature rapidly evaporated into nothing. At that moment, Ronnie got to his feet, 

wondering if that had been a dream, or  crazy Matilda had really just tried to kill him. 


***



	“Dad? Asked Ronnie, as he watched Mr. Macabre polish his golf trophy, you went to Rindwood... right? 

Mr. Macabre smiled, having waited for a real conversation with his son in a long time. 

	“Yeah... why? .” Mr. Macabre rubbed harder on a more difficult smudge. “ Do you not... like it?

Trying to think how to bring up what was on his mind in a way that wouldn't freak out his dad, Ronnie tried again. 

	“Yeah... I guess, it's ok.” Since you went there in all... do you remember... that lady that.... 

Mr. Macabre chuckled. 

	“Do I remember!, Mr. Macabre smiled, my friends and I wouldn't even dare go down to that old basement, just to take a look at her, that's where everyone said she was... but I, being the brave kid that I was, went down there... and took a picture. At that point, Ronnie was embarassed because he knew exactly where this was going. 

	“It turned out... Mr. Macabre said laughing hysterically, I took a picture... of my own shoes.” 

Slapping his knee several times, Ronnie's dad had a laughing fit for the next few minutes while Ronnie 

stood awkwardly standing by. 

	“Ok, dad?, dad? Do you know anything about her, other than what people say?. I mean, something real and not made up.” 

Mr. Macabre quickly became serious. 

	“There is... something I remember...” when I was just starting out, not much older than you, I had a hard time fitting in... because... of our name....” 

A strange look appeared on Ronnie's white face. 

	“What do you mean... our name? Said Ronnie. 

Rubbing his chin, Mr. Macabre looked up at his son, a look, Ronnie had never seen before. 

	“There was... a symbol... above the Headmaster's office, something that I saw... everywhere around your grandfather's house. 

Growing anxious, Ronnie wanted to ask more, but his step mother stood at the door, wisps of smoke 

escaping from her long French cigarette. 

	“Are you done yet Harold? Barked the woman, “I have, a hair appointment!.” 

Ronnie glared at his stepmother as she left, smoke trailing behind her. 

	“Look dad, you don't have to let her talk to you like that... you deserve better.” 

With a small smile, Mr. Macabre gave Ronnie a quick hug. 

	“You'll understand when you get older son.” 

Rubbing his son's hair, Mr. Macabre hustled towards the shrieks of his wife from downstairs. What Ronnie's dad had said peaked his son's interest. Going to a spot in the bookcase where Mr. Macabre's special collection of books lay, Ronnie scanned his finger along the bindings until he came to the book he was looking for. Blowing off the dust from a large Bible, Ronnie lugged the book off the shelf sitting down on a red cushioned chair. 

The Bible had been in Ronnie's family since he could remember, his five year old artwork still stained the first page. Scanning down the names of births, deaths, and baptism dates, Ronnie didn't see anything peculiar until he came towards the bottom of the page. Sweat started to form on Ronnie's hands, his eyes glued to the page with a familiar name written in bold letters. 


Louis Frederic Francois Macabre



¶


A stranger sat in an alleyway, rubbing his hands, trying to warm them in the cold English rain. Finally the man the stranger had been waiting for had arrived. 

	“Well! Hissed the stranger, his wig covered in a tri corner hat, “Where is it man?.” 

Cursing in a different tongue the strange pulled from his cloak a strange keepsake, a small statue of a man carved from a piece of bone. The man in the tri-cornered hat grabbed it from the stranger's hands eyeing the object maniacally. 

	“What does it... do ? Whispered the Englishman, his breath showing in the air, the rain pouring strongly down on his hat. 

The stranger smiled, one gold tooth shining in the lamplight. 

	“Some say, dat who evah, call upon duh guardian, his mastuh he will be... but be you warned suh, replied the stranger, dis... is no thing to toil with... dis is... dark magic.”

The Englishman didn't seem to care, putting the statue into his cloak pocket. 

	“I will have... my payment”.  hissed the stranger, holding out his grubby hand. 

Giving the strange man a sneer the Englishman didn't budge. 

	“Not until, you tell me what to do... then I shall give you what I prumised. “ 

With coal black eyes, the strange man looked the Englishman in the eye, the Englishman starting to feel a chill run down his spine. 

	“Here, take dis, read duh spell, and you shall have what you want... but be warned suh, it may not go... as you wish.” 

With that, the Englishman threw a bag of coins at the stranger and from what it seemed a split second, the Englishman's accomplice had vanished. Cackling loudly to himself, the Englishman whistled for his carriage, the trotting of horse sounding in the distance upon the wet cobblestones. Yelling at the coachman for his incompetance, the Englishman took one last look at the street to make sure he was still alone, and with a loud crack of the whip, the carriage trotted back towards London town. 




Chapter 12



Looking around every corner, Ronnie made sure, that whatever that thing that had attacked him during Spring break, wasn't going to strike again. Strangely enough, Ronnie hadn't even ran into the Keira the first day back. Ronnie had a funny feeling that things were going to be different the next few months left of school. 

	“What's up your pants today pardner? Asked Duncan with a smirk. 

Ronnie ignored Duncan's comment, scanning the hall, looking for anything peculiar besides Ginger Schnipps  the head cheerleader picking her nose. Dodging several football players, Ronnie scrurried into his class, several students giving him strange stares, Ronnie turning from his usual pale white, to cherry red. 

	“Are you... alright dear? Replied his English teacher in a haughty voice. 

Ronnie nodded, unzipping his backpacking and taking out a notebook and pen. Duncan suddenly nudged Ronnie, taking him off guard, Ronnie almost falling out of his seat. 

	“What? Hissed Ronnie. 

	With a little giggle, Duncan took out a small glass bottle from his pants pocket, and handed it to 


Ronnie. Slowly uncorking the bottle, a strange scent erupted, burning the inside of Ronnie's nose. 

	“What the heck is this Duncan? Whispered Ronnie, it reaks!.' 

With a mischievious smile, Duncan said. “ It's my grandmammy's famous concoction... Cactus weed alle mode.” It'll cure anythin that's ailin ya.” 

	“Thanks Duncan, replied Ronnie, but I'll pass.”

 Ronnie had more important things on his mind, like Keira for example. That was all Ronnie could think of besides the weird thing that he had found out about his family during Spring break. It was nice to finally have someone that understood him, even though he hadn't told her all the small details yet. 

As the bell rang, and Ronnie gathered his books, A man in a tweed suit came into the classroom, his eyes scanning the students one by one as if he were some robot. Finally he spotted Ronnie and whispered something in the old English teacher's ear. 

	“Ronald, the man in the tweed suit, “Follow me.” 

Duncan began to shiver, pleading for Ronnie not to go., Ronnie slapping his fat hands away. The strange man was silent, as Ronnie followed him past the lockers and to the stairwell that led to the offices. There were several pictures hanging on the walls beside the stairs, some, portraits of old headmasters, and others masterpieces from long ago, but one picture stood out to Ronnie, of a man with a large nose, that looked very similar to his Uncle David. 

As he and the man in tweed reached the top of the stairwell, Ronnie shivered. There it was, the symbol his dad had been talking about. Barely noticeable after 300 years of wear and tear, A lion and a Unicorn together. Trying not to show his emotions, Ronnie put his head down, as he followed the strange man into an office filled with an old desk and trinkets, a picture of a grim man in a strange hat with a feather and a frilly collar stared Ronnie in the face, placed right behind the man's desk. 

	“Do you know... why I have brought you here today... Mr. Macabre?.” replied the tweed suited man in a low voice. 

Ronnie cringed, trying to act nonchalantly, the boy nodded his head no. The tweed suited man seemed to sense Ronnie's fear and a malignant smile appeared on his gray whiskered face. 

	“You know why Ronald”, replied the headmaster getting up from his chair and pacing the room, a pipe in his mouth, this school is such a.... I don't want to boast but.... one of the finest schools in New England?.” 

Again, Ronnie shook his head no. 

	“Because we don't let dirty blooded miscreants like yourself into our midst, hissed the Headmaster wickedly.

Angry heat began to rise in Ronnie's body. Trying to control his anger Ronnie, folded his arms in his chest whisking back the hair out of his face. 

	“Look sir, replied Ronnie with a glare, I don't know what you're getting at, but, it has nothing to do with me.” 

	“Oh, replied the headmaster wickedly, “It has everything...to do with you Mr.... Macabre.” You see, you son, do not belong here at Rindwood...anymore.” 

The headmaster rang a bell on his desk, a large shadow appearing at the door. The biggest man Ronnie had ever seen pulled him by the shirt, the man wearing a overalls over a button up shirt, a large unibrow over his lazy eyes. 

	“What the!!... yelled Ronnie.” “You can't do this!!!.” Let me go man!!!.” 

But the large man was undetterred, as he pulled Ronnie down the stairs, and past the lockers, students looking on in awe. 

	“Ronnie?, bellowed  Duncan, as he watched the struggling boy, disappeared out of the large glass door. “He's... one of them?.” 

Tia stood beside Duncan her arms crossed, showing no emotion whatsoever. 

	“You dummy, hissed Tia, it was obvious... wasn't it?.” 



¶


	Dark clouds began to gather around Rindwood Hall, as a large black limousine pulled up the driveway, A tall, lanky Chauffeur appeared, helping Ronnie into the dark limousine, smoke instantly filling his nose. Looking one last time at the strange school, Ronnie plugged in his earphones. Lighting boomed in the distance, as rain tapped on the windowsill of the headmaster's office. The man smiled grimly, watching Ronnie Macabre disappear down the road. Putting his hand in his tweed jacket, the headmaster felt for the object that always lay in his coat pocket. A strange scent filled the air, a perfume that was familiar to the old man, too familiar. 

Quickly turning around, the headmaster saw no one, just the same surroundings of his office. The boom 

of thunder and lightning crackled in the distance. 

	“You may be angry about this wretch, hissed the headmaster, “ But face it, you... have lost.. .once again.” 

A rush of wind filled the Headmaster's office, knocking down several furniture, the lights dimming off and on. Running to his desk in fright, Mr. Headmaster grabbed the large desk for support. 

	“You!.... echoed a voice shaking the room. “Cold hearted brute... until my demands are met... you and everyone here at my school.... shall endure suffering like never before!.” 

The old man pulled out the tiny bone statue, his wrinkled hand shaking. “You forget madam hissed the Headmaster, who... has the power here. 

The swirling mist abruptly disappeared, the lights going back to normal. But a soft voice lingered. 

	“You will... receive justice for your crimes, hissed the voice, mark... my... words...” 


The headmaster, his hands still shaking sat back down at his desk, and continued his work, glaring now 

and again out the window still clutched the small statue as tightly as he could. 





France 1752



The sun shone brightly above the lush green gardens of the Chateau le Noir, a couple sitting on a stone bench near a stone fountain decorated with fat  cupids. 

	“Oh how sweet eet ees my petite chien zat you are finally 'ere with me.” Lady Macabre rested her head on her new husband's shoulder. Looking up at the blue sky she didn't notice the dark figure hiding in the bushes near them. 

	“Oh Francois, I am so very happy here, tis so much better than Virginia, without the politics of the place and all.” “I feel I can finally start anew.” 

A maid with a nastry frown on her chubby face stormed out into the gardens carrying a chubby little two year old boy, his face covered in pudding. 

	“I am so sorry mastuh, replied the maid trying to contain her temper, but zis.... child is.. how you say... “The poor woman covered her mouth, tears forming in her eyes. 

Monsieur Macabre smiled, motioning for the maid to hand the little boy to him. Clicking his tongue, 

Francois Macabre sat the boy on his lap. 

	“Are you being a leetle scoundrel again? The boy's father said tickling his son underneath his chin, the boy cackling loudly. “You must be kind to Marie.” 

Monsieur Macabre thanked Marie for her trouble, the maid cursing underneath her breath. 

	“Poor Marie, Madame Macabre replied smiling at her son, “perhaps we should ask someone else to watch over him for a while? “ 

Francois began to laugh.

	“She ees the feefth maid diz month my dear.” “Well my leetle man what do you sink?” 

The chubby little boy smiled, and jumped out of his father's arms immediately stopping in his tracks. A tall stranger with a black hat, with a feather atop, and elegant clothing stood in front of the boy, a evil grin on his face. Lord Macabre stood up cautiously, his hand at his belt. 

	“I am sorry Monsieur”.  replied Abassador Macabre, but ees there somesing we can do for you?” 

The stranger walked past the two year old boy, the curious toddler staring up at him as he passed. 
	
	“Yes, I believe.. there is something you can help me with.” “ Wilhelmina my dear.. so good to see you again.” 

Lady Macabre's face became white, a look of surprise and fear shone on her pretty face. 

		“William? How... “ 

Monsieur Macabre started to grow angry. 

	“Yes my dear, it is I, you are perhaps wondering how I found you and your dear husband... well, I have my contacts, here in France, as well as other places all over the empire.” 

The little boy clung to his father's leg, Lord Macabre started to pull out his sword, but Wilhelmina stopped him. 

	“William please, do not harm my family for my past sins, if your revenge is intended for me, than take your vengeance upon me, and not my husband and child. “ 

The Englishman began to laugh wickedly, pulling out a small statue from his cloak pocket. 

	“Oh... I will have my revenge Wilhelmina, there is no doubt about that.” 


Chanting under his breath, the statue in William's hand began to grow a dark green hue, mist erupting from the statue, a dark figure appeared within the mist. William pointed towards Francois Macabre. The strange figure emerged from the fog, a normal man, but with dark skin and with the blackest eyes that Wilhelmina or Francois had ever seen. 

	“Witchcraft, hissed Francois, I shall report you to zuh authorities”. 

	“Neither do we in England, but.... in some circumstances, such things are necessary”.  replied William with a nasty grin.

The strange apparition held out his hand, green mist erupting from it and circling around Francois slowly tightening around him. Wilhelmina ran to little Frederic's side picking him up and holding him in her arms. 

	

	“Please, please Will, have mercy, Francois has done nothing wrong. Cried Wilhelmina. “ 

	“ Oh my dear Wilhelmina, we were in love, remember? And then you betrayed me... for him.” 

The apparition squeezed tighter and tighter, Francois's face turning blue. 

	“I... love.. you... stammered Francois, as he slowly disappeared into nothingness, the green apparition swallowing a white mist that had espcaped through Francois's clothing. 

	“No!, screamed Wilhelmina running over to the empty clothing that lay on the ground, the 

toddler crying as well. 

With a snap of William's fingers, the apparition disappeared. Walking up to Wilhelmina he started to stroke her soft blonde hair, Wilhelmina slapping his hand. 

	“Now, you have no choice Wilhelmina, come back with me to Virginia, and I shall take care of you the rest of your life.” 

	“Do you think that after what you have just done William , I would ever dream of returning to 

you.” “I loved him Will, with all my heart, and now... I shall never see him again.” 

Wilhelmina dropped to the ground, sobs escaping her throat. 

	“I shall give you one last chance Wilhelmina replied William in a soft voice. “ Return with me, or you and your child shall die in poverty, for without your husband, you  no longer have anyone to take care of you.” 

Wilhelmina shook her head no. With a nasty glare, William turned around looking over the gardens of the Chateau. 

	“You are foolish Wilhelmina, hissed William, for one day, I shall come for you... and then you shall be mine... forever.” 

Wilhelmina began to sob, holding her husband's cloak and collared shirt in her hands, several maids 

hearing her cries and rushing to her side, the click clack of William's cane echoing in the distance. 












Chapter 13


	

	“Ok, tell me again Ronnie, what happened? Hissed his father pacing the floor, his stepmother 

sitting on the sofa smoking a French cigar, a Italian Soprano screeching in the background. 

Ronnie had been tired of this conversation already, even it had only lasted five minutes. 

	“Dad, I told you , I didn't do anything wrong!.' The headmaster guy just said that I didn't belong, and he suspended me.' 

Mr. Macabre mumbled to himself, as he paced the floor. 

	“I just don't know what we're going to do son, replied his father in an irritated voice, this is the fifth school you've been kicked out of.” “I don't think we have no other choice, but to send you to your Aunt Margaret. 

Ronnie cringed. Aunt Margaret was his mother's sister, and a bore . 

	“C'mon dad!, whined Ronnie, not Aunt Margaret, what is she going to teach me? Crocheting? 


Mr. Macabre huffed in frustration. 

	“That's enough of the attitude young man, besides, I think it might be a good change for you, 

we'll enroll you in public school.” 

Ronnie secretly smiled. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad, after all. 

	

µ


“Look everyone, it's Richie Rich, bellowed a large kid, with red pimples all over his fat face. 

The bully grabbed Ronnie by his shirt and slammed him into the lockers behind him. 

	“Got any money for me today? Ronnie?.” 

The bully's breath was terrible smelling like rotten cheetos mixed with sauerkraut. Ronnie felt in his 

pocket, handing the bully the only change he had, one dollar and a few change. 

	“There ya go Terrence, said Ronnie in a montone voice, “knock yourself out.” 

Terrance laughed stupidly, counting the change, and then let loose his grip on Ronnie, the boy sliding violently to the floor, the other kids laughing hysterically. Ronnie picked himself up, grabbed his books, and walked to his first class, trying to avoid the pointing laughing of the kids around him. It had been like this everyday for that last two weeks since he had started at McGruger public school. The only difference between this and private school was, that Ronnie was no longer like everyone else, even if he was, rich. 

As the last bell of the day rang, Ronnie rushed out of class towards his locker, dropping his books on the floor, and grabbing his backpack as quick as he could before....

	Hello, Richie... boomed a voice behind him. 

Ronnie sighed, rolling his eyes. Turning around, there was Terrence as usual, his fat nose covering most of his pimply face, 

	“Hello, Terrence, replied Ronnie, what will it be today?., the toilet, the flagpole?.” 

Terrence didn't smile this time. 

	“You cheated me Macabre hissed Terrence, I want it in full.” 

Ronnie smiled slightly. 

	“I'm not sure what you're talking about big guy, replied Ronnie , I gave all that was in my 

pocket, unless you don't know how to... count.” 

Terrence wasn't amused. Grabbing Ronnie roughly by the shirt and into the air, the smell of Ronnie's B.O burning his nose. 

	“You better... give it to me Macabre, or I'm gonna bust you open.” 

Ronnie quickly became annoyed. 

	“Look, Terrance, if you want more, I'll just give you more tomorrow, so if you don't mind, I have a ride to catch.” 

Terrence's fist began to grow tighter and tighter, finally with a heavy swing, Terrence's fist went right into Ronnie's stomach, knocking the wind out of him. Ronnie dropped to the floor, gasping for breath. 

	“Now, give me the money Macabre, barked Terrence, or there's more where that came from.” 

Ronnie's face soon became angry, his patience with the big behometh had grown thin. Something inside 

of him finally broke. Thinking his own attempts at striking Terrence back, probably wouldn't go so 

well, Ronnie soon lost all control. 

The lights began to flicker, the normal shadows from the lockers disappeared. Terrance looked around him in fear, crying out , Terrance soon found that an unknown force was now giving him a massive 

wedgy. Sobbing like a little girl, Terrance ran down the hall and disappeared out the doors. 


Once Aunt Margaret had heard about what had happened at school, she was irate. Sitting on a couch 

covered in Victorian flowers, the older woman sat crocheting, her blonde hair in a bun. 

	“What has come over you Ronald, you are just  not the sweet little boy I remember, first the issues at school, and now this, what am I supposed to tell your father when he calls.” 

Sitting on a stool near Aunt Margaret, Ronnie sighed. 

	“Look, Aunt Margaret, it wasn't my fault, the lummox was going to beat the living daylights out 

of me, what was I supposed to do?.” 

Aunt Margaret didn't say anything for a minute, accidently poking her little finger, she let out a small 

little gasp and sucked on the blood until it stopped. 

	“Now Ronald, you know how I feel about violence, I am very proud of you for standing up to that boy, but... I still think that you could have... done without the dramatics.” 

How did Aunt Margaret know about... his thing that happened when he got mad?.” 

	“Aunt Margaret, I didn't do anything to Terrence, he just got scared for some reason. Pleaded Ronnie. 

“Hmmph! Huffed Aunt Margaret, continuing to pull the thread through the little crochet pattern. “Don't play coy with me young man, I know what you can do.” “This isn't the first time you've done something this strange. “ 

For the first time, Ronnie actually thought that Aunt Margaret might be cool. 

	“So... what do you mean, this wasn't... the first time?.” “Have I done stuff like this before? Replied Ronnie sipping his glass of milk. 

Aunt Margaret sat up straight in her chair, set down her knitting, and stared Ronnie straight in the eye. 

	“Oh!, all the time, especially when you were very little, “one time distinctly, I think you brought Atilla the Hun to the house, boy what a racket he made.” “My dear sister had no idea what to think of you Ronald...” But... she loved you just the same... “I hope, you know that.” 




Ronnie nodded, taking another sip of his milk. 

	“Now, I don't want to hear anymore of these hyjinxes young man...use your words.. not, your fist, do you hear me?.” hissed Aunt Margaret. 

Nodding once again, Ronnie left the room, putting the glass in the sink, and headed upstairs to the stuffy room he shared with his cousin Theodore.Watching Ronnie disappear upstairs, Margaret scolded underneath her breath, as if Ronnie was still there. 

	“So... said Theodore, his face covered with a videosushi, “how did it go?.” 

Groaning, Ronnie plopped onto his bed, covered in little kittens. 

	“I guess it wasn't bad, but man, can your mom be harsh when she wants to be.” 

Theodore laughed, shoving a large chip in his fat face. 

	“Tell me about it... you should see her when she watches the presidential debates. “So... did you really scare the crap out of Terrence then?, that's what everyone is saying.”

Ronine looked up at the cracked ceiling. “Yeah I guess, I mean I didn't mean to go all paranormal on him, he just made me so mad you know?.” 

Hearing the sound of chewed chips, Terrence muttered something. When he finally gulped down his food, he replied.” You're gonna have to be real careful man, if someone finds out about your abilities, you could get kidnapped by scientists or something.” 

Beginning to laugh, Ronnie plugged in his headphones. “I wouldn't worry about that Theo, there's been crazier stuff that's happened.” 



±


The yellow moon shone over the old stone school, the graveyard silent, Crumbling headstones lay in disarray. One figure sat on a stump near the entrance, her hair shining in the moonlight. The ground began to rumble, The woman quickly floating above the cemetery. Like a rabbit  appearing out of thin air by a magician, ghosts started to emerge around the cemetary. With a slight smile, Lady Williamsburg saw her first husband, still looking the same. 

Another approached her, a man with a gentle face, his hair dark, and in a ponytail, a red ribbon tied around it. 
	“Hello, mother, replied the man giving Lady Williamsburg a peck on both cheeks. 

Lady Williamsburgs stood there in amazement. 

	“Freddie? She gasped... How did you?.” 

The young man smiled, giving his mother a tight hug. 

	“Isn't it wonderful mother? The barrier has been broken between worlds.” 

The two ghosts watched as others appeared. “ Incredible, exclaimed the ghost, “This must have been 

Ronny's doing.” 

	“Who mother? Asked Freddie in confusion.

Lady Williamsburg smiled at the memory of the strange boy. 

	“He... has agreed to help me break the curse Freddie, but I have not seen him in some time.. I believe they have found the truth about him.” “I must find him, and bring him back to Rindwood, with you here Freddie, maybe you can be some help to him.” 

In a lighted window in the tallest tower of the school, sat the Headmaster, his dark eyes watching the 

landscape unfold. 

	“No... he stammered, it cannot be... even with the boy gone, he still manages to ruin my plans.” 

Walking briskly to his desk, the Headmaster started to dial, but a deep crackly voice from the shadows 

stopped him. 

	“There is no need.. to call the society... bring the boy here... and I shall finish him off.” 

The headmaster cringed at the voice, his balding head starting to sweat. 

	“But grandfather, stammered the headmaster, I've already expelled him, why bring him back now?.” 

The ghost appeared out of the shadows, several bags under his blue eyes, wearing a white wig. 

	“Because you imbecile, the boy is the key... if you had just listened to me in the beginning, we would not be in this predicamate.” 

The Headmaster quickly nodded his head, and started dialing a number, the ghost watching out the 

window a wicked grin appearing on his face. 








¶


	


	“I... don't like these fellers, stammered Duncan as he walked down the hall with Tia beside him. 

	“Oh I wish Ronnie was here, he knows how to talk to... ghosts.” 

Tia scowled at Duncan, as a lady with hair almost as tall as the ceiling past her, waving a fan. 

	“Oh clam up Duncan, you know there's no way Ronnie can come back, besides, there's no such things as ghosts, it's probably just the drama department or something.” 

An old woman, dressed in a intricate silk robe, her hair tyed in a black bun, her face in a gruesome scowl floated briskly towards Tia, yelling in Chinese. 

	“Nai-Nai? Stammered Tia, her face growing white. Tia ran for dear life, the ghost continued to follow her, still yelling and scolding. 

Duncan watched Tia disappear into the girl's bathroom, a slight grin on his face. If only Ronnie could have seen that, thought Duncan to himself. 

The other students seemed just as frightened as everyone else, all except Rhonda who had made a 

friend with a hippie teenager from the sixties, Marcie on the other hand, was not all that thrilled. 



	“Hold me Chalmy, hold me, pleaded Marcie, as she stolled hand in hand with Chalmers to her next class.” 

Chalmers was in seventh heaven, now that Ronnie had left, he had Marcie all to himself again. Smiling at the cold breezes that ocassionaly rushed past, Chalmers and Marcie both noticed something unexpected. 

A large Indian man, decked out with paint all over his massive chest and face, spied Marcie, and with his large tomahawk, ran towards Chalmers, the boy screaming down the hall, while the Indian brave picked up Marcie in his arms, carrrying her away, kicking and screaming. The headmaster strolled down the hall, his face white, sweat pouring down his face. He had to do something before the student's parents were notified. 

	“You gotta do somethin Walter said the history teacher, being chided by several past presidents 

long since dead. “I like history but not like this. 



James Hamilton slapping the teacher on the face with his white glove. Unfortunately, there was nothing 

to do, ignoring the history teacher, the headmaster continued walking down the hall ignoring the pleas 

of the other teachers as well, and the ghosts that had started to surround him. 







Chapter 14




Ronnie tossed and turned in his bed, not able to get used to the hard mattress underneath him. Slowly opening up his eyes, he looked up at the ceiling, the shadows moving back and forth. Suddenly a familiar voice whispered in Ronnie's ear. 

	“Fluffy bunnies, here and there, fluffy bunnies jumping everywhere.” 

Tears filled Ronnie's eyes, sitting up in bed, Ronnie saw a woman at the window. 

	“Mom? Whispered Ronnie, rubbing the tears from his eyes. 

The woman turned around a smile on her pretty face. Ronnie's mom looked just like he remembered, she hadn't changed at all. Ronnie ran to his mom, giving her a hug and holding her tight. 

	“Hi, sweetie, replied Ronnie's mom sweetly, “I missed you too.” 

Ever since Ron's mom had died, there had been a hole in his heart, now that hole, was beginning to be filled.

	“Letting go of his mother, Ronnie replied.” I have so many questions, mom... 

Ronnie's mom smiled. 

	“I know sweetie, your grandmother tells me everything.” 


Now Ronnie was smiling. 

	“I'm not surprised replied Ronnie, “She visits me quite a bit.” how come... you haven't ma? 

How come Grandma ….

Ronnie's mom pulled him close. 

	“Sweetheart, I've wanted to so many times... but I thought... it might be too hard... for you.. and your father.” “So I... stayed away, thinking you would be better off.” 

Letting go of his mother, Ronnie turned around quickly becoming angry. 

	“How could you do that mom? Especially I have this gift and all... when... it happened... I 

needed you.. .and you weren't... there.' 


Ronnie's mother put her cold hand on Ronnie's shoulder. 

	“I know Ronnie that it hasn't been easy for you since... your father re-married, to that... 

horrible... I mean, your stepmother, but I have always watched over you.” “I'm always here sweetie.”

Turning back around, Ronnie had a puzzled look on his face. 

	“What's on your mind sweetheart? Asked his mother.

Ronnie hesitated for a minute. 
	
	“Ma, what's with this gift? And why do I have it?.” “I mean, it's ok I guess... but why me of all people?.” 

Thinking for a moment, Ronnie's mother didn't have an answer. 

	“It's something that you were born with sweetie, I don't know why... but you have this ability for 

a reason, and it's because your special honey, you can do something that no one else can do, and... you 

can help people.” 

	“But why mom? I mean, dad doesn't have it.” 

The ghost's smile waned, quickly becoming uncomfortable. 

	'Well... that's not... entirely true sweetie.” “Let's just say... your father's family, took a little getting used to.” 

The sun began to come up from behind the hills, the light coming slowly into the window. The ghost smiled at her son, tears streaming down her face. 

	“It's time for me to go sweetie, replied Ronnie's mother, giving him one last tight hug. “Remember... she whispered in Ronnie's ear, how much... I love you....” 

The ghost was quickly gone, Ronnie looking at the morning sun, wishing he could have had one more moment with his mother. 

	“Hey man, said Theo Ronnie's cousin, what are you doin up this early, you better go back to bed, before mom finds out, she'll make you her slave the whole morning.' 

Theo turned back over quickly resuming his snoring. Ronnie quickly got back into to bed, grabbing a picture of his mother from his wallet and holding it tightly in his hand, as he quickly drifted back off to sleep, a voice whispered again in his ear. 

	“Fluffy bunnies... hugging tight... fluffy bunnies say goodnight.” 






±¥



Ronnie, Theo, and Aunt Margaret sat at the kitchen table, eating silently. It was bright spring day and 

Ronnie was not looking forward to the yardwork he and Theo had promised his aunt. A whoosh of air 

filled the room. 

	“Oh my!, laughed Aunt Margaret, what in the world could that have been?.” 

Theo hadn't even noticed, but unfortunately Ronnie had an inkling that it was something that his aunt was not going to like. Noticing a flowing shape above his Aunt Margaret, Ronnie tried to keep a straight face. 

	“My, is there a draft in here boys? I'm feeling... chilly.” 

Aunt Margaret got up from her chair going straight through the ghost, and shutting the window. Ronnie mouthed angrily to the ghost, but Lady Williamsburg kept a straight face pointing to outside. Out of the corner of his eye, Ronnie noticed his aunt and cousin looking at him strangely. 

	“Ronald... chided his aunt.. .is there, something wrong?.” 

Gulping down the last of his cereal, Ronnie tried to make some excuse. 

	“Oh no aunt Margaret, I just... uh... have to … go outside, I uh... want to get started on that yardwork...” 

There was an awkward silence. Aunt Margaret gave Ronnie a strange glare, the older woman sensed 

something was wrong, as Ronnie dashed out the door, and into the backyard. When Ronnie had shut the shed door, Lady Williamsburg was waiting for him. 

	“What in the crap do you think you're doing! Hissed Ronnie, do you know what could've happened if my Aunt finds out I'm talking to ghosts again?.” 

Lady Williamsburg just stood motionless, her starlike eyes shining in the dim light. 

	“You are needed back at Rindwood dear Ronald, the ghost replied, I'm afraid you have... broken the barrier...” 

Ronnie looked at the ghost strangely. 

	“What do you mean... barrier? Yelled Ronnie, Is that why my mom was able to come see me 

last night?.” 

The ghost nodded. 

	“So what... said Ronnie folding his arms, am I just supposed to up and leave?.” My aunt is gonna have a conniption, she'll call the police.” 

But before Ronnie could yell anymore, a familiar portal opened. Ronnie screamed, holding on to an old 

wood post. 

	“C'mon man! Yelled Ronnie over the noise, I'm gonna be in deep crap if my aunt.... 

But Ronnie disappeared into the swirling vortext, the portal closing quickly before Ronnie could blink 

an eye. 


±



Landing in the swamp outside the school, Ronnie picked himself, brushing away the mud and moss from off his clothes and hair. 

	“Really lady? Hissed Ronnie, why couldn't we land in the woods or something?.” 

Lady Williamsburg motioned Ronnie to follow her. Reluctantly, the boy followed the ghost, seeing the 

old  school in the distance, and there was something oddly different, there were ghosts, everywhere. 


	“Well, Hello Ron- Ron, came a familiar agitating voice. 


Ronnie turned to see his grandmother playing Cannasta at a table with Marie Antoinette and Martha 

Washington. 

	“I hit the jackpot!! yelled Miss Washington, gathering up all the winnings, and gloating over her win. 

Looking the other way, Ronnie continued to walk, until he bumped into someone unexpected. 

	“Keira? Replied Ronnie excitedly. “What happened to you?.” 

The teenage girl just stood there blocking his path to the stone steps that led to the door. 


	“Hey.. um... what's the deal here?”Don't act all excited to see me or anything?.” 

Keira smiled wickedly, her eyes growing darker by the second. 

	“So you are the boy who has caused all this trouble.... well, we shall put an end to this... shall 

we?.” Keira replied in a deeper voice than usual. 

Lady Williamsburg flew quickly in front of Ronnie, blocking Keira entirely. 

	“Leave the boy alone William, this is between you and I.” 

But Keira did not budge, slowly Keira's form ripped away to reveal a black ghost with haunting red 

eyes. 

	“I've been waiting centuries Mina, to get rid of you and your kind, and now my waiting has paid 

off, the dark ghost replied, in a gravelly voice, “Shall I start... with your grandson?.” 

Wilhelmina stood her ground waiting for William's next move. 

	“I'm your... grandson? Stammered Ronnie in a confused voice..” “So that's why all this crap has been happening.” 

The dark ghost laughed. 

	“You didn't tell him Mina, I am surprised... the boy deserves to know that he comes... from 

well.. a wretched family like yours.. one that does not... belong in society.” 


	“Enough of these games William, replied Mina gently, Please, just do what you must, and leave Ronald alone... 


	The black ghost began to form into a man, the same man that Ronnie had remembered from the 

painting that hung in the headmaster's office. 

	“I'm afraid that's out of the question my dear, replied William grabbing a small statue out of his pocket, I will have no one of your wretched family enter my school,  that is why I stayed behind, and with the help of my friend here, the ghost replied, looking down at the small white boned staute, my task will finally be finished. 

The familiar green mist escaped from the small statue swirling amidgst the air, the ghosts and students 

standing in awe. A figure appeared, wearing a large bone necklace, painted black eyes, and long 

dreadlock hair. 

	“Destroy them! Barked William pointing towards Ronnie and Wilhelmina. 

Ronnie quivered in fright at the large ghost coming towards him, then he felt someone standing beside him. 

	Ron-Ron, said his grandmother 'Don't be afraid sweetie, grandma's here.' 

	“C'mon gram! Whined Ronnie, not now ok... I'm kind of in the middle of something.” 

But the little old lady was stalwart and didn't budge. 

	“Remember Ronnie sweetie when you were six, whispered his grandmother, and you shook the house so hard.. none of us could calm you down?.” 

There was no time to think, Wilhelmina was already encircled by the ghost, her form slowly disappearing. The ghost quickly coming for Ronnie as well. William noticed the old lady by Ronnie and with a swish of his hand, sent the old woman sailing through the air, her shrieks echoing throughout the grounds. 

	“Hey man!, barked Ronnie, that's my grammy.” 

Ronnie's face became red, sound waves emanating from his body. The ground shook violently, Beginning to rise in th air, Ronnie couldn't believe what was happening. 

	“Now!. Came a voice behind William, Duncan knelt beside the evil ghost distracting him so Ronnie could send another shock wave towards William knocking the white statue out of his hands, Duncan crushing the 300 year old trinket into pieces with his fat foot. 

	“No!!! shrieked William... the green ghost quickly exploded into nothingness.

Duncan and Tia ran over to Ronnie as he floated back towards the ground, an army of a thousand ghosts behind him. 

	“You meddling brute! Hissed William, as he started to waste away into dust..you shall be sorry 

mark my words!.. you have not seen the last of the... and then with a poof, the ghost was no more. 

Ronnie was relieved until he felt a cold piece of metal sticking into his back. 

	“Don't move... Macabre, came the familiar voice of the headmaster. 

Staying as still as he could Ronnie looked from Tia to Duncan and his grandmother, trembling in fear. 

	“Look man, said Ronnie calmly, don't do anything rash.” 

The headmaster began to laugh wickedly. 

	“It's too late for that son... you've lost.. that wretched ghost is finally gone... and now... it's time for you to say... farewell.” 

Ronnie lifted his hands in the air, waiting for the final blow. 

	“You don't have to do this man, said Ronnie quietly, I'll leave... and I won't come back if that's what you want.' 

The gun stuck deeper into Ronnie's back. 

	“I'm afraid son... that just won't be enough.. you see.. with you permanently gone, my school 

will finally be perfect. “ But the Headmaster started to change his tune. 

A hooded figure appeared beside Ronnie, his face covered, only the red of his eyes shown through his 

dark hood. 

	“Do not be afraid Ronald of Macabre.” 

The hooded figures motioned for the other ghosts to join him, making a huge tornado, the ghosts 

picked up the wailing headmaster dropping him into  a black hole opening up in the school grounds, 

Mr. Rindwood's  shrieking  quickly fading  away. 












	Ronnie turned and hugged his friends Duncan and Tia, his Grandma having to join in as well, 

squeezing Ronnie and the others as tightly as she could. Two figures emerged in the air, a man in 

elegant attire, with  long brown hair tyed in a pony tail, and a woman with a large wig embracing, a 

young man in between them. Light surrounded the family. Ronnie looking over and waving a last 

goodbye at the  family that had once again after 300 years, been reunited. 

Sirens cried in the distance, police guards driving onto the commons. Several policeman burst out led 

by no other than Officer Bob, holding out his gun as if he were James Bond. 

	“What's all the ruckus?”. Asked the large police officer putting back his gun sheepishly back 

into his holster. 

	“Macabre?”. Barked the officer. “You have anything to do with this?”. 

Ronnie and his friends smiled at each other. “ Nope”. Replied Ronnie. “I think you got yourself a false 

alarm. 

So Ronnie went back to living with his horrible stepmother and his dad for the summer but was let 

back into to Rindwood the following fall. Despite having lost the girl of his dreams, Ronnie couldn't 

complain. He was finally, happy. 



















	































 





















	












 











	


























 


