


THE LIBRARY

by Francis Rosenfeld

© 2021 Francis Rosenfeld

Smashwords Edition

Cover Design ©JohnBellArt at SelfPubBookCovers 


“Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.”  
Ryunosuke Satoro
To all whose knowledge and vision has found its way into these pages, with gratitude.


CONTENTS

Cast of Characters

ACT ONE
First Scene
Second Scene
Third Scene
Fourth Scene
Fifth Scene
Sixth Scene
Seventh Scene
Eighth Scene
Ninth Scene
Tenth Scene
Eleventh Scene
Twelfth Scene

Intermission

ACT TWO
First Story
Second Story
Third Story
Fourth Story
Fifth Story
Sixth Story
Seventh Story
Eighth Story
Ninth Story
Tenth Story
About the Author
Other Books by Francis Rosenfeld

Cast of Characters

GWEN WHITMAN Recent college graduate on a spiritual quest for meaning

NO. 1, NO.3, NO. 4, NO. 5, NO. 6, NO. 7 and NO.8  Seven philosophers lost in the desert. They are addressed individually by their respective numbers and collectively as The Library. They can function as a group.

THE DIRECTOR The keeper of the artistic vision

THE PLAYWRIGHT An avant-garde proponent of new theater

JEN KELLER and TED KOMINSKY Park rangers

ALIEN 1 AND ALIEN 2 Well, aah… , aliens


ACT I

First Scene

She’d been walking through the desert all night. She figured it was better to walk at night, despite the cold; at least she wouldn’t get fried to a crisp in a place with no shade.
One could say Gwen was experiencing an existential crisis and was trying to find herself, even though she was only twenty-four and the middle of her road was so far into the distance she wouldn’t get a glimpse of it for another couple of decades. 
Regardless, she was indulging what she perceived to be her dark night of the soul, college behind her, unappetizing options in front of her, sensitive, idealistic and over-educated, the perfect symbol of her generation.
Gwen had always prided herself on her strength of character and being self-reliant. 
Ever since she could remember, she had made her own choices, acted upon them decisively, and owned the consequences. 
Her life choices would have met the unequivocal approval of any life-coach or counselor, if only she ever found a need for either. 
Only people without direction needed someone to make plans for them, she mused, during the rare breaks in her busy schedule that allowed her time to pass judgment on her fellow humans.
How did she end up here, she asked herself repeatedly now, and by that she didn’t mean how did she end up walking through the desert at night, she knew exactly how that happened: she decided to go on a spiritual journey to find deeper meaning, so she took a bus from Anaheim to Los Angeles, and then via Phoenix, to Sedona. 
Once there, something felt wrong to her, something that told her to keep looking, to go back to the Village of Oak Creek, with which she had felt an instant connection when the bus passed through it. She was stiff from the twelve hours on the bus, and the village was only seven miles down the road, so she threw caution to the wind and started walking.
Have you ever tried walking on the side of a busy road in the desert in late afternoon? 
Between the glare, the dust and the constant endangering of her life, Gwen found a more exciting and less accident prone route beckoning in the distance between two gorgeous rock formations that looked eerily familiar but she couldn’t remember why, and abandoned the main road, relieved to no longer feel the powdery dust crunching in her teeth. 
This had happened three days ago.
When the first night approached, Gwen was petrified with fear, alone in the barren land punctuated here and there by alien shapes she could barely make out in the darkness: giant cacti or karstic rocks or just plain boulders. She couldn’t tell. 
She feared everything from scorpions to sinkholes and cursed her own stupidity for twelve solid hours, expecting a sudden and untimely death at any moment. 
At first she reassured herself that, in an area so famous for its hot springs, she was bound to run into people eventually, even at night, but no such luck.
She kept on walking, too afraid to lie down on something with stingers or thorns, guided forward by the light of the stars. There were so many of them, and they felt so close, like the entire sky lowered itself above her head, so she could see it better. Straight through the middle of it, the Milky Way cut an ethereal path, one she instinctively followed in her travels below.
She didn’t even realize she’d walked the whole night until a pink and orange glow stirred up on the horizon, the beginning of a deeply spiritual and awe-inspiring dawn which revealed to her two things: she’d been walking away from her destination for ten solid hours and she could barely feel her feet and her back.
Wisdom dictated she should find some shade and rest. The walk at night hadn’t been as bad as she expected, if only it didn’t take her farther into the wilderness. She found a little shallow cave eventually, and figured she should sit down, eat something and take careful sips out of the water bottle she decided on a whim not to throw away when she got off the bus, and then use the sun to orient herself and plot a more useful itinerary for the next leg of her journey. She didn’t make it past the second activity.
When she woke up, the sun was setting, and she felt well rested, despite sleeping on bare dirt. Walking at night seemed like a good idea, because she figured she could navigate by the stars if she found a bright one and keep her eyes fixed on it. She didn’t know which star it was, but it didn’t matter. As long as she walked towards that star, she wouldn’t go in circles; her selection was shining in the right lower quarter of the sky. 
Strangely enough, for a California native who’d spent a good part of her childhood by the ocean, Gwen knew nothing about boats, or navigation, or the stars’ movement across the firmament. 
The star she’d picked moved to the other side of the sky in rather determined fashion and set around 1 a.m., leaving her stranded with no guidance.
By the end of night two, she found herself back at the cave, realized she’d been walking in circles the whole night and dropped to the ground, too tired to eat or drink.
Thirst woke her up in the late afternoon. She drank the rest of the water, ate the last sandwich and started walking, trying to pay as much attention to the ghostly shapes in the distance as she could. Her eyes had adapted to night view, and she was surprised to notice how many details she could pick up by the light of the stars, in what she would have described as pitch dark the day before.
A quiet peace suffused her, almost some kind of elation, when she realized she was probably going to die there in the desert, where the desiccating heat would preserve her indefinitely, like a sacred and arcane burial rite, and decades would pass until someone would find her, if at all.
There was comfort in the thought she would become one with nature, without the artifice that accompanies being laid to rest, artifice which serves to distract the living from their fear of dissolution. No such fear for her, though. She would cross the Silver River in perfect peace, under the black velvet sky, looking up at the stars.
One has to assume dehydration and exhaustion had something to contribute to this altered state of consciousness. 
Inertia and survival instinct kept pushing her forward, and even in the dark she noticed the landscape had changed: a little shrub here, a mesa there. In the wee hours, she turned around a boulder and found herself in someone’s backyard. 
All her peaceful acceptance of death went down the drain in an instant and she rushed around the property, clambering slopes on her hands and knees, so desperate she was to find the front door. There wasn’t one. Instead, a bead curtain chimed softly in the wind, saturated by a familiar acrid smell.
‘Oh, God, please tell me there’s somebody here! Please let somebody be here!’
“Did you step on the gravel?” a gritty voice arose. It was difficult to see the face it belonged to through the thick cloud of smoke.
‘How are they even alive? This could knock out a horse! Or an elephant!’
“Which is it, horse or elephant? Be precise,” another gritty voice commented from the opposite side of the room.
“Give her a break, No. 1! She’s exhausted!” a gentler voice retorted.
“How did you get here and where are you going to sleep?” the first voice went up a few decibels, thrown squarely in her direction.
“Where is here?” Gwen asked, hopeful. Peels of laughter ensued, no doubt fueled by the copious happy smoke; they lasted for a while, showing no signs of subsiding. 
“We don’t like strangers,” a fourth voice became suddenly serious. “Go away!”
Gwen got drenched by a feeling she couldn’t categorize, but which fell somewhere between dread and disbelief.
“Leave the girl alone, No.3! Ignore them,” the kind voice emerged from the smoke to reveal its source. “You can call me No. 4. Are you hungry, my dear?”
“Thirsty.” 
No. 4 watched her as she drank a whole pitcher of water in big gulps.
“Slowly. You’ll make yourself sick. Are you sure you don’t want to eat something?”
Gwen gave the idea some thought and reached the conclusion she wouldn’t mind something to eat.
“Follow me.” 
No. 4 led the way outside, where he started looking behind boulders and under cacti in a fashion that reminded her of a treasure hunt. 
‘How high are these people, exactly?’
“We keep free-range chickens,” No. 4 explained. “They always leave us little surprises hidden in the nooks and crannies. Here we go!” He emerged triumphant from behind a boulder, holding two oblong eggs, off white and covered in brown speckles.
“I don’t think those are chicken eggs,” Gwen hesitated, careful not to offend her hope for survival.
“Close enough,” No. 4 found a sharp stick on the ground, poke a hole in the top of the first egg and offered it to her. He then punctured the second egg and savored it with delight, forgetting she was there altogether. He remembered her eventually and encouraged her to dig in, and Gwen was too stunned, tired and unraveled to refuse. She drank the raw contents of what she didn’t doubt was a vulture egg, surprised her revolted stomach didn’t return the offending substance.
“Life becomes a lot easier when you start differentiating between what you need and what you think you need. Look at it this way: better him than you.”
“Him who?”
“The vulture, of course! I suppose the original plan had the predator and its prey reversed.”
Gwen didn’t want to impose, so she started planning her return trip in silence, determined to leave the next day at the crack of dawn, before the others woke up.
“What’s the best way back to Sedona?” 
“I sincerely wish I knew,” No. 4 smiled with his eyes. 

Second Scene

“Welcome, light of the Sun, the fairest/ Sun that ever has dawned upon/ Thebes, the city of seven gates!"[1]
‘What in God’s name is this racket?’ Gwen jumped out of her made shift sleeping accommodation on the couch to watch a glorious sunrise accompanied by what sounded very much like an ancient Greek chorus.
“Sophocles,” a soft voice replied, so close she could feel its breath on her ear. She jumped off the couch and turned to face her morning companion.
“Antigone,” he clarified. “We haven’t been introduced, I’m No. 8.”
“Gwen. Whitman.” 
“Hard name to live up to.”
She mumbled, feeling ridiculous to introduce herself to an element of the set of natural numbers, and couldn’t resist her curiosity.
“You don’t use names?”
“We find them reductive. After all, none of us chose his name. Why should we be weighed down by its burden of significance?”
“You can change it to anything you want, can’t you?” Gwen couldn’t help herself.
“In time we hope to make you understand why your question makes no sense, but for now you may address us as numbers 1 through 8. There are only seven of us, by the way. We skipped No. 2, for obvious reasons.”
‘In time?? I really need to figure out where I am and how to get back to Sedona. These people are nuts.’
The racket outside amplified, accompanied by drumming and stomping of feet, and words declaimed in cadence by the choir.
“They’re doing this for your benefit, you know,” No. 8 whispered. “The English translation. We prefer the original Greek. Our small way to bid you welcome.”
Gwen got up and stood in the doorway where the bead curtain whipped her legs every time a gust of wind was stirred. 
The drumming amplified, and she could see now the recitation of Greek poetry was accompanied by ample gestures and exaggerated facial expressions. 
One thespian was prostrated at the feet of the tragic hero, who looked stern in his stillness, and embraced the legs of the latter in an expression of absolute agony.
“No man alive is free/ From error, but the wise and the prudent man / When he has fallen into evil courses / Does not persist, but tries to find amendment.”[2]
“Why on earth are you doing this?” Gwen mumbled, too shocked to remember social niceties.
“Why does one immerse oneself in culture? Why do anything?” No. 8 didn’t understand the question. “Why do you listen to music?”
“But…” Gwen tried to protest.
“Shhh! Listen!”
“Wonders are many, yet of all/ Things is Man the most wonderful / He can sail on the stormy sea / Though the tempest rage, and the loud”[3]
“But…”
“I see we need to teach you manners first. You never interrupt a performance, for any reason! It is unthinkably rude!”
Gwen resigned herself to silence and stood for the duration of the play, getting drawn into the story and forgetting she had no reason to be there. When the play ended, the actors took a bow and started racing each other to the lively creek in the valley, where they cooled down at leisure with delighted giggles and guffaws.
They returned to the house half an hour later and threw themselves on the couches, exhausted and indifferent to the fact their clothes were soaking wet.
No. 6 rustled up a loaf of bread from a cupboard and passed it around the group. 
“Are you an educated person?” a number from whom she hadn’t yet heard asked her. The question gave her pause, a strange hesitation for a person fresh out of college.
“I suppose,” she mustered an answer.
“You suppose?” the performer, whom we’ll call No. 7, raised an eyebrow. “You don’t know?”
Gwen didn’t answer.
“I assume that means you went to college,” No. 7 extrapolated. “Probably a good one, as colleges go, otherwise you’d have answered ‘yes’. What did you study?”
“Literature.”
“All of literature! How exciting!”
“ Die beste Bildung findet ein gescheiter Mensch auf Reisen."[4]
“No. 7, be nice!” No. 4 intervened.
“What? She said she studied literature!”
“Please,” Gwen entreated, “I just need to know how to get back to Sedona, I won’t inconvenience you further, I’m grateful for your hospitality, but if you point me in the right direction, I’ll be on my way.”
Another explosion of hilarity followed, one which seemed to last forever, this time without the help of mind-altering substances.
‘What’s so funny?’ Gwen asked herself in dismay.
No. 4 was wiping off tears from how hard he’d been laughing, and tried to explain, between gasps, the irresistible source of their amusement.
“You… want… to… walk back out… there… again?”
“If I know where I’m going, sure,” Gwen got aggravated.
“But you knew where you were going three days ago, and yet, here you are.”
“That’s because I got lost!”
“But you’re different now, yes?”
“I’m not sure I understand.”
“Forgive me if I’m wrong, but unless you learned how to read a star map between last week and now, it seems to me you’re in exactly the same position. Furthermore, none of us knows where this place is, which might make your proposition challenging.”
“What do you mean, you don’t know? Surely you must remember how you got here.”
“So do you. That doesn’t mean you have any idea how to return to where you came from.”
“But that’s because I got distracted. I didn’t know the surroundings. If I know I need to pay attention and follow a map…” Gwen started to panic.
“You’re wasting your time, No. 4,” another number said. “We can run circles around this for hours. I’m going for a walk. Anybody need anything?”
“Can you get us some brew?”
‘Ah, so you don’t know where you are, huh? Don’t mind if I tag along to that gas station/rest area you’ll be getting your brew from.’
She followed a good distance behind her strolling companion, trying to make herself as inconspicuous as possible. They walked for what felt like hours until they reached a clump of agave. Her companion, who she gathered was No. 5, stopped by a weather worn barrel, scooped up a few ladles of liquid from it in a large jar he dug out of his knapsack, then rummaged through the sack again until he found a knife, cut a handful of agave spears and dumped them in the barrel to ferment in the sun. 
“Brew?” he turned to Gwen, whose existence had suddenly turned so surreal she forgot to question why any rational person would drink tequila in the desert, hours away from human habitation, and risk getting dehydrated and lost. 
A horrible thought filled her with dread: what if they couldn’t find their way back to the house again? What on earth was she thinking, following a complete stranger into the desert on a whim? 
She didn’t have any justification for her spur-of-the-moment decision, not one that placed her emotional development above the level of a kindergärtner.
“There might be hope for you after all. No substitute for experience!” No. 5 commented morose, without looking at her. “Lucky for you, I’m smart enough to find my place. See?” he pointed to a mesa nearby, on which she could make out the outlines of the house.
“How is that possible? We walked for hours! In a straight line!”
“And that’s precisely why the expectation you can find your way back to Sedona on foot is idiotic.”
“So, what am I going to do, then?” she panicked again.
“Why are you asking me? You’re a grown woman! Just don’t step on the gravel, No. 1 can’t touch anything that isn’t white while he’s meditating. It’s a pain washing the dirt out of the gravel to restore it to its pristine state. Mark my words, if you track mud on it we’ll make you carry water from the creek and wash it off all on your own.”
“Why can’t he touch anything that isn’t white during meditation?”
No. 5 darted a bitter look in her direction, and his shoulders tightened with the stubborn resolve not to answer.
“Just don’t step on the gravel. You can follow simple directions, can’t you?”
They arrived at the house just in time to join the commotion of people carrying buckets, bowls and jars outside to collect water from the rain that announced itself on the horizon.
“That’s lucky,” Gwen tried to make small talk. “It doesn’t rain that much in the desert.”
“Every Tuesday at 4,” No. 5 deigned to answer.
“Really? That often? Is today a bonus round?”
“No.”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s Tuesday.”
“Are you sure?” Gwen frowned, trying to remember what day it was when she arrived in Sedona, but she found it difficult to put the past week’s events in their proper order.
“Yes.”
“How do you know?”
No. 5 pointed to the horizon, where the dark clouds were gathering quickly. “Because it’s raining.”
Things made no sense, not if one was using one’s brain at all. She jumped at the obvious question.
“Where did you get the bread?”
“Are you going to help or stand there with your finger in the air? Grab a bucket!”
‘Or the buckets,’ Gwen continued her line of questioning silently while she carried the containers outside.
“Forget about that,” No. 4 walked by her in a hurry, “just help me round up the chickens or they’ll get washed up in the mud slides.”
Gwen was born and raised in the city and had no practical knowledge of what rounding up the chickens would entail. She looked so helpless, No. 4 eventually signaled her to stand aside and let him do it. 
“Get out of the doorway, they get nervous around people.”
“You’re bringing the chickens into the house?” Gwen asked, bewildered.
“Where else am I going to bring them? Do you see any other structures?”
“But there’s no door. How are you going to keep them inside?”
“Chickens are a lot smarter than you think. Give them some credit, will you? Once the rain starts, they’ll figure it out. Look at them: they’re frazzled already, looking for shelter. Shoo!”

Third Scene

When Gwen was awakened by the chill of the desert night, she found herself in an empty house, dead quiet except for the eerie clinking of the bead curtains. 
The quiet of the desert reaches beyond silence; it preempts the emergence of sounds, like an anechoic chamber.
In the desert, one only hears two things: the wind and total silence.
She tried to go back to sleep, but her three nights in the desert had conditioned her to a different sleeping schedule. The empty house felt creepy at night, with no light and no sound, almost like a tomb.
She wondered where they went, irrationally afraid they’d abandoned her to her fate and weren’t coming back, and the thought, accompanied by a vigorous, will defying, unlearned and neurotransmitter fueled fear response prompted her to get out of the house.
She saw them from the doorway, in the valley below, in the wider frame of a sterile landscape that looked like a postcard from Mars, sitting around the campfire and indulging the occasional puff, accompanied by the clear liquid from several half empty jars, which, she had no doubt, were not filled with water.
One of them saw her standing in the doorway and gestured broadly towards her to come over.
“Join us,” the man, who turned out to be No. 3, encouraged Gwen to sit down next to the campfire, and the entire group reshuffled to make room for her. “We’re debating meaning.”
Gwen blinked.
“So, what do you think?” No. 8 prodded her.
“Aahh… I don’t know?”
“Oh, so, what you are saying is meaning is something that should be given you, a priori, or by a superior entity, and thus not something you can conjure for yourself from your context.”
“That’s not what…”
“You meant?” The laughter resumed briefly, but got cut short so the group could return to the subject of the debate, which it found more interesting.
“I surmise meaning is intended, whether its recipient or conveyor is aware of it or not. Monkeys on typewriters can create meaning, they just don’t understand it. The sea, if it deposits a fully written piece of articulate language on a beach, conveys the meaning of a purposeful intent. Whose? That isn’t the question. We don’t know whose. We asked whether the meaning of that piece of writing exists. It’s a completely different matter.”
“Oh, so you’re saying every time I stub my toe and express my displeasure in salty language, I’m lending the contents of my noggin’ to the workings of a superior power so it can gift the world with meaning?”
“What makes you think it’s you who stubbed your toe? What makes you think you have willful control over stubbing or not stubbing your toe?”
“That would make me a programmable machine. I thought that track was abandoned in the eighties.”
“You are programmable, my dear friend. It’s just that the mass of soft circuits between your ears is too sophisticated a computer for the average person. Programming is a highly underappreciated art. For instance, I gave you the suggestion to drum your fingers a while ago. You can stop now.”
No. 3 clasped his hands, irate, to stop the absentminded gesture.
“I told you a million times to stop doing this, No. 8! It is completely unacceptable.”
“No need to get upset,” the latter mollified him. “Just proving a point.”
“So, you postulate we’re vacant conveyances which allow meaningful content, autonomous and indifferent to its vehicle, to flow freely inside the collective consciousness. What’s new about that?”
“Find me something new in this our existence and I’ll worship you as a god.” 
“Who are you people?” Gwen finally recovered her wits, too shocked by the chicken rearing/weed smoking/philosophy debating composite to react sooner.
“Case in point!” No. 7 gestured squarely in her direction, presenting her to the group like one would an exhibit to the jury during a court trial. “Meaning is better conveyed through those who aren’t aware of it, through whom it can flow unaltered, like portends through an oracle. The awareness of the oracle, their personality, only impedes the message.”
“We are The Library,” No. 4 answered her question.
“You mean the librarians,” Gwen mumbled, too insecure to raise her voice.
“Speak up!” No. 1 commanded her, stern.
“Don’t you mean you are the librarians?”
Another bout of laughter followed, which amplified Gwen’s insecurity to epic levels. 
When it subsided, No. 7 looked straight into her eyes and asked.
“What do you think?”
“About meaning?” she asked, unsure.
“No. About the courtship rituals of dung beetles! Of course, about meaning! What do you think?”
“I don’t suppose I have an opinion,” Gwen hesitated.
“Why are you here, then, huh? Why are you here, joining a group discussion about meaning if you have nothing to contribute?”
“You’re stepping all over your argument,” No. 1 shifted the attention from poor Gwen back to the center, earning her undying gratitude. “You postulated she is conveying meaning, even more so because she isn’t aware of it.”
“And what meaning would that be, pray tell?”
“For one, she asked us who we were. That is a fundamental philosophical question.”
“You know full well that’s not what she meant to ask.”
“And this is where you contradict yourself. It doesn’t matter what she thought she was asking, it matters what she did ask.”
“I want you to eat my shoe,” No. 7 stated proudly. “What do you think the higher meaning of that phrase is?”
“Gentlemen, rules!” No. 4 intervened. 
The mandatory five minutes of silence were observed before the debate resumed.
“Some people would run straight into the desert and devote the rest of their lives to whichever god they thought wrote that poem on the seashore and commanded the sea to deliver it to them. If that’s not a supernatural event, I don’t know what is!” No. 6 stated.
‘That pretty much explains you lot!’ Gwen kept her thoughts to herself to avoid further public scolding.
“If you have the guts to think it, you better have the guts to say it,” No. 1 stared her down. “What exempts you from that misunderstanding of numinous experience you blanketed on the rest of us? You are here. Why are you here?”
“I don’t know!” Gwen raised her voice out of frustration.
“Aah!” the group engaged in contorted swaying, as if suddenly crushed by unbearable pain. “The decibels! The decibels!”
They jumped to their feet and started stomping the ground in a strange primitive dance, while Gwen watched them, in disbelief, suddenly thrown out of normal reality and into whatever here fate or God or the laws of probability had devised for her.
Forget about the cascade failure of meaning the current conversation was working so hard to unleash, one could jump down from turtle back to turtle back forever given enough time and libations. 
The question was still valid: why was she here? 
“Maybe we can help you with that!” No. 5 said.
“Maybe we can help you with that!” the choir repeated. 
“Why is she here?” No. 4 asked.
“Why does she need a reason?” No. 3 answered.
“Therefore, the question is invalid,” the choir responded.
“The question is not invalid. I really care! It matters to me!” Gwen asserted herself, eyes welling up with tears.
“So your question is valid because you said so?” No. 7 replied. “That kind of makes sense, actually. Meaning derived via individual decree.”
“That presupposes the existence of free will. I thought you didn’t believe in that.”
“Belief implies conviction in the absence of evidence. I know there is no free will.”
“Then your proposition is moot,” No. 6 offered. “If she has no free will, she can not make her own meaning.”
‘I’m right here!’ Gwen wanted to scream, but she worried that would trigger another decibel dance, so she kept to herself.
The debate continued long into the night, animated at times, occasionally tentative, flowing around Gwen’s non-interacting consciousness like rushing waters diverted by an inconveniently placed boulder. 
She eventually spied a jar within arm’s length, reached out for it as inconspicuously as possible, and took a generous gulp of its contents.
“So, say there is a higher power,” No. 5 resumed the previous premise. “What then?”
“There is no higher power,” No. 8 replied.
“Let’s pretend we existed in a place where there was such a power. What flows from that?”
“This is the most preposterous hypothetical…”
“Just admit you have no peg to hang that object on.”
“What object, the higher power?”
“Yes.”
“That’s because it doesn’t exist.”
“Nothing doesn’t exist either, and yet you have a peg for it.”
“Ok, I’ll play. If there was such a power, it would have very little influence on whether meaning is autonomous or derived from individual experience.”
“How do you figure?”
“A cat crosses the street. The cat doesn’t question whether it wants to cross the street or why. I can scare it into crossing the street, but then I am just another variable in the enormous set of externalities which directs its actions.”
“What if you pick up the cat and take it to the other side of the street without asking for its input?”
“A hawk can do that.”
“Or a strong wind.”
‘Poor cat!’ Gwen thought, and took another gulp of the glimmering liquid. The moon was high in the sky and its light reflected in the clear brew made it flash wildly like living mercury. 
This sight, combined with the familiar burn in her stomach, made her feel like she was drinking liquid fire.
“I’m not in Kansas anymore,” she whispered softly, almost against her will.
“Somebody is putting her literary knowledge to good use. Good for you! One down, several million to go.”
“Smoke?” the number on her left offered.
“No, thank you.”
‘I’m drinking with numbers,’ she thought. ‘I’m drinking fire with numbers. I wonder what is the meaning of that?’
The campfire was dying and its embers played strange games with her sight, painting clear and vivid stories which made her wonder what other ingredients had made their way into that barrel in the desert.

Fourth Scene

The next morning Gwen awoke to a sustained but orderly shuffling of boots, bags and paraphernalia and watched in bewilderment how the seven were quietly preparing for what looked like a military campaign.
They looked serious and none of them was speaking, which rose Gwen’s anxiety to panic levels. She didn’t dare ask what they were doing.
No. 5 spoke eventually.
“Are you coming?”
“Where are you going?”
“Fishing.”
“In the middle of the desert?”
No. 5 pointed to the creek in the valley. Its waters looked murky and ochre after the rain, and raged, powerless, against their banks, carrying dead sticks, straw and debris.
“What could possibly live in that?”
“Catfish.”
“I don’t know how to fish,” she hesitated.
“Suit yourself,” No. 5 replied as he walked to the door.
Gwen wavered between her distaste for fishing and being loathed to spend the entire day alone in the house. Fishing won, if for no other reason than she wanted to verify the truth of this unlikely venture with her own eyes.
The waters looked even angrier up close and the thought of dipping her feet into their unseen and clearly unsanitary depths made her gag.
“Are you just going to sit there, princess?” No. 7 stared uncomfortably.
“Don’t worry, she’ll join us soon enough. Just give it a couple of hours. The noon heat will explain it to her,” No. 5 commented.
‘I could just go back to the house, couldn’t I?’ she thought.
They all stared at her as if she had suddenly lost command of her reason, or whatever passed for it in her case that allowed her to function. 
‘Never mind. I’ll wait.’ She dug in her heels and retreated to a boulder.
Her position, perched on top of it above the creek, gave her a bird’s-eye view of the surreal scene: the numbers advanced slowly into the murky water, with the fishing spears above their heads. 
Nobody said a word, but now and then one or more of them shuddered visibly, like someone had suddenly thrown them onto a magic fingers bed.
‘Are they high?’ she wondered, although they didn’t seem to be, and surely their mood didn’t point to that.
The sun stung her, and beads of sweat started gathering on her forehead, drying up before they slid down her brow. She had this instinct, more primitive than an actual thought, but very clear in its message, that she was slowly being cooked alive. She got up from the boulder to go to the house, but she was so lightheaded the thought of engaging the hill to return to the house put her into a tailspin.
“I assume that means you’re ready to join us, milady,” No. 5 mentioned casually. “That’s your electrolyte balance, in case you’re wondering. I strongly recommend a dip in this lovely creek to cool down. Just don’t drink from it, it’s gross.”
‘I was just about to treat myself,’ a snarky thought possessed her.
“I can assure you that is going to look very tempting in another half hour. Do you have any clothing you can spare you can wet and wrap around your head?”
“No!”
“You’ll have to make do with one of the fishing nets then.”
Gwen looked at the nets: they were caked up with mud and fish slime, and the smell was overwhelming, even from afar.
“Look at me,” No. 4 stared her in the eyes, dead serious. “If you don’t cover your head, you will die.”
Too bad in her thirst for adventure and learning the mysteries of the desert she didn’t think to bring a camera, because the sight of her with her pants rolled up to her knees and wet fishing nets wrapped around her head and shoulders was matched only by the discombobulated expression on her face.
“Come in, the water is great!” they enticed. “Try not to make any sudden movements.”
She advanced slowly into the water, which felt rather innocuous, until her feet got tangled in what she could only describe as very angry guts in exaggerated peristaltic motion.
“Stand still,” No. 8 put a finger in her face, as she was getting caught in the strange magic fingers shuddering motion. “We’ve been waiting for these fish for two months! If you scare them away, I’m going to be rather cross with you.”
A sharp spear swished dangerously close to her leg, bouncing back with a dull sound. The disgusting gut churning around her legs stopped for a moment, then resumed.
“They’re really taking a liking to her, aren’t they?” No. 1 observed.
“Are you a very lucky person, my dear?” No. 4 turned towards her.
Standing there, her feet trapped by whatever god-awful bottom feeders were swarming in the mud, weighed down by dirty fishnets whose smell she was sure she’d never be able to get out of her hair and surrounded by seven men throwing spears in her general direction, she didn’t feel all that lucky.
“Victory!” No. 7 pulled his spear out of the water with great effort. At its end, a giant eel squirmed vigorously, throwing him off balance.
“That’s not a catfish!” Gwen’s composure, or whatever was left of it, yielded to the much older hard-wired fight and flight response and she ran out of the water, screaming and adding to the general hilarity.
“Eel are catfish,” No. 4 replied.
“You didn’t mention I was going to stand in muddy water swarming with eels!”
“They’re not electric eels,” No. 4 appeased her, “and they are delicious.”
The monster on the river bank finally stopped moving and the three numbers who had been fighting to contain it allowed themselves to drop in the mud, exhausted.
“Excellent!” No. 8 rejoiced. “This will tide us over nicely until next time!”
‘That thing must weigh near a hundred pounds. How are they planning on carrying it to the house?’ she wondered.
“Here,” No. 8 handed her a knife, while the others had already started chopping the giant snake-like creature into sections.
‘Oh, this is so unspeakably gross!’ she thought, feeling guilty that the sight of the giant slaughtered creature didn’t elicit sympathy but mostly disgust.
“We have no grocery stores around,” No. 7 panted with effort. “I’m sorry we can’t offer you neatly packaged fillets.” He stopped and turned towards her. “I think it’s time, and you’re old enough to know that steelhead trout at the market didn’t die peacefully in its bed. Now get chopping, or the sun is going to claim one of us soon. Heat stroke is not a joke.”
She went to her happy place and started chopping, with no other thought in her head than the repeated mantra ‘This is so gross, this is so gross!’, trying unsuccessfully to avoid getting splattered with guts juice and remembering all the reasons why she hated fishing, now amplified to god scale. 
Every gross and revolting thing in creation made its way into her mind, by association, to remind her of its existence, and because of this experience she felt dirty and flawed, like she’d been reduced to the state of an animal by their touch, like somebody revoked her humanity card.
“We are animals, Gwen,” No. 8 pointed out, “we just choose to conceal this unpalatable biological truth with high-minded mores and philosophical musings, and quite a lot of hollow, nauseating bullshit. Between the latter and eel guts, I’ll pick eel guts every time.”
Gwen was sure the scene must have looked apocalyptic for someone watching it from above, with the giant snake chopped into pieces on the muddy banks and savage humans fussing about, triumphant, covered in mud, blood and guts, discussing the logistics of transporting it up the hill in as few trips as possible. 
She suddenly realized she didn’t feel hot or lightheaded, even after all the effort.
“You can take those things off your head now,” No. 4 prompted, pointing to the fishnets. “The sun is reasonably forgiving at this hour.” 
“We really are trapped here, aren’t we?” she whispered quietly, almost to herself. It stood to reason no person in their right mind would choose to live like this if they had a choice.
“Being free is not something that’s handed to you, princess,” No. 5 said, “it’s something you are, something you carry within yourself like you’re the repository of all human experience. You say trapped, I say you have worlds inside your head, and in those worlds you’re always free.”
Walking up the hill, weighed down like present day Atlases by their bountiful catch of fish, the group engaged in small talk to allay the boredom.
“So, Gwen,” No. 1 inquired, “what made you interested in studying literature?”
The question caught her completely unprepared, even if she’d heard it a million times before, from all the good-natured adults who had taken an interest in her choice of college. 
It sounded so preposterous in the current context, she couldn’t gather her thoughts to answer. 
She replied eventually.
“I guess I always liked words, the way they can be reassembled in infinite ways to convey completely different meanings. There is music to sentences too, rhythm…”
Now that she’d said that out loud, it sounded idiotic, and the chunk of eel felt even heavier than before.
“Words are powerful tools imbued with their own magic, not to be taken lightly.” No. 6 joined in the conversation. “Putting a sentence together is both art and science, like the craft of the alchemists of old. And then again, sometimes you stumble upon meaning and don’t even know it.”
“You mentioned music, rhythm.” No. 1 continued. “Should we assume you’re drawn to poetry?”
Gwen blushed. Her love of poetry was not something she felt comfortable discussing with strangers, while panting up a hill, exhausted and covered in fish entrails. A blood-curdling scream scared her half to death.
“Don’t step on the gravel!”
She avoided an unfortunate step at the last moment, resentful she had to take the long way around the house with the smelly burden of raw fish on her back in order to avoid the serenity path laid out in impeccably white pebbles between her and the doorway.

Fifth Scene

The purpose of the serenity path finally made itself clear a couple of mornings later when Gwen woke up very early to find No. 1 meditating at its end, perfectly at peace. 
One would have assumed he was watching the sunrise, but a closer look revealed he was gazing way farther than that, through the sunrise into another reality, shielded from perception by the limitations of our senses. 
An even closer look revealed he wasn’t even there. 
His animating force was still occupying his body, breathing his lungs and beating his heart, but his consciousness was not there, that which made him who he was, the unique personality impossible to mistake for another.
Gwen daren’t bother him in that state, which, even from the perspective of a detached bystander, looked like a deeply intimate experience. 
She just sat on a boulder, a short distance from him, watching him blend into the surroundings with the grace of a tree, or a cloud formation, breathing with the morning breeze roused by the first rays of light warming up the rocky mesa.
“I appreciate your discretion,” he whispered, as if from a dream, “but I need to let you know I’ve been aware of your presence the entire time.”
He opened his eyes wide and all his spirit rushed back into its shell, bringing him to full attention.
“You can’t sleep?”
“Do you always wake up so early?”
“I usually meditate before dawn, yes.”
“Isn’t it uncomfortably cold?” Gwen shivered in the desert night air, which chilled her to the bone, even now, when the sunrise had started to warm up the stones.
“Cold,” he said, like he didn’t understand the concept. “Cold is just a message your body sends to your brain.” He looked at her and waved his hand. “Don’t worry, I will not give you the world as an illusion speech. In fact, I’m not entirely sure that is true.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t believe either consciousness or matter define existence, I think they’re two states of the same Prima Materia, like water and ice. Consciousness dreams reality into being, not as an illusion, but as solid matter, as things you can see and touch, as distances that are near or far. Consciousness coagulates energy into matter, which takes the form of the dream it’s been poured in.”
“Does that mean I dreamed of getting lost?”
“Do you feel lost?”
“I am lost.”
“That’s not what I asked.”
“Let’s just say ending up here was not part of this year’s plan.”
“Most of the really important experiences usually aren’t,” he smiled. “We’re all married to our perception of reality, but the real real, if there is such a thing, is as different from our perception of it as a word is from the concept it stands for.”
“You may say that this representation of reality, this seeing and touching and distance, is also an illusion, an expression of consciousness. Maybe, but then you’d have to admit that upon the hypothetical extinction of humanity, the universe, reality itself, would cease to exist. You might as well adopt the young earth theory while you’re at it.”
“I think it an insane form of hubris to presume oneself to be that which dreamed reality into being,” Gwen rolled her eyes.
“So, then, if the universe was before us and will be long after we’re gone, whose consciousness dreamt it into being?”
“Who says we’re the only conscious entities in the universe?”
“This argument applies to all conscious entities, specifically, all self-aware entities whose existence started at some point.”
“What about those whose existence didn’t?”
“Are you religious, my dear?” he watched her, amused. Gwen hesitated before she responded.
“That’s not what I meant. Imagine all time laid out flat on a table, in full view, in such a way you can touch it with your fingers anywhere you wish. What difference would past, present and future make in this context?”
“Aha,” he listened.
“Now, if that is true, where did that time begin? Which point on the table can you point to and affirm with conviction was there first?”
“But we don’t have random access to time,” No. 1 corrected her. “Our condition limits us to experiencing time in linear fashion.”
“I think you’re wrong. We have discretionary access to all our pasts. That’s time.”
“That’s not your current state of being, though. It can’t be lived in the solid world. In the same way you could say if I imagine myself or dream of being someone else, then I have been in some sort of alternate reality, equal in experiential value with the one I’m actually living in?”
“You know, it just dawned on me the logical conclusion that follows from this is you didn’t really exist two weeks ago.”
“I sincerely hope, for the sake of your mental health, that’s not the case,” he laughed out loud, with a zest that defied enlightenment and non-attachment.
“Where did this hypothetical drift start?”
“Now, that’s funny!”
“No, I mean it.”
“It started with the potential existence of conscious entities who have random access to time.”
“We probably should return to the idea that matter and consciousness continuously morph into each other, bringing things in and out of being.”
“Whose consciousness?”
“Everything’s consciousness.”
Gwen was getting ready to laugh, and she stopped when she noticed he was serious.
“Please, imagine for a moment the whole of material existence as a living being whose every cell is conscious of itself, and of the whole, and believes itself to be the whole, because indeed it possesses the qualities of the whole, albeit in smaller quantity, if there is such a thing as a smaller infinity.”
“So, in a sense, we are all gods, or God. What a scary thought!”
“Not when you consider the next logical step, which is that so is every grain of sand, ant and squirrel, every ocean, every planet, every galaxy and every universe, to various degrees, of course, all connected flawlessly into one consciousness, which is in everyone and everything, and yet runs free.”
“What a wonderful harmony!” Gwen gazed into the distance, wistful, rudely brought back to reality by the splattering noise of bird droppings landing on her shoulder.
“Isn’t it great to be visited upon by another co-creating force of the universe?” No. 1 couldn’t contain his amusement. 
Gwen got up, brooding, to wipe the rules of probability off her shoulder.
“Next time you feel awe at the thought of co-creating the universe, remember the road kill you just passed by on your way here was one of your partners. In fact, it still is. Reality doesn’t have landfills, everything is being recycled.”
“So,” she tried to draw attention to anything other than bird droppings, “what do you think about when you sit there and meditate early in the morning?”
“You never got the gist of what meditation is, did you?” 
“Yeah-yeah…No mind, got you! People don’t really do that, though!”
“Yes, they do.”
“What’s it like?”
“It’s not like anything, that’s the whole point.”
“Why does achieving a state of no mind require a pristine carpet of white gravel?”
“The white path has nothing to do with meditation. I just use it because it’s there and seems adequate to the purpose.”
“What is it for, then?”
“I don’t think you earned the privilege to know that.”
Gwen felt slighted by the comment, but No. 1 didn’t look like he had any awareness of her taking offense. He looked like he’d just stated a fact.
“How long have you been here?” she blurted out of context.
“Would it surprise you to learn you’re the only person who truly knows that is not a question that can be answered?”
‘Why do people think speaking in riddles makes them look more interesting?’ she pondered bitterly. ‘It’s really irritating!’
“Are you hungry?” he swerved abruptly to an unrelated subject. “I’m famished!” he answered himself, without waiting for her response. “You know, for a practice that requires you to be perfectly still, meditation really works out an appetite. Come on,” he encouraged, “let’s have breakfast.”
Another loaf of bread made its way out of the cupboard. It looked like it barely had enough time to cool down after being pulled out of the oven.
“Where is this bread coming from?” she asked intently.
“The cupboard, of course.”
“And before it was in the cupboard?”
“There is no before the cupboard.”
“That’s nuts!”
“Welcome to the Big Bang theory! There is the theory, and then there is empirical intuition. If the two don’t correlate, I say just go with whichever option suits your fancy.”
“Huh?”
“Logically, this bread can’t be here. This bread is here. Elaborate.”
“How on earth should I know?”
He broke the bread and offered her a piece.
“If it’s here, we eat it. How’s that?”
“What about tomorrow?”
“Well, tomorrow we look in the cupboard, and if there’s bread there, we eat it as well.”
“What if you look and there is no bread?”
“Never happened.”
“And you never thought of that as a possibility?”
“Why would we?”
“Well, because you have no reasonable explanation for how the bread got there, for one!”
“You have no reasonable explanation for how gravity works either, and yet you clung to the planet your entire life.”
She strained her brain to follow the sequence of logical steps while she munched on her bread, determined to find the fallacy that allowed this bogus argument not to go off the rails.
“Would you mind if I meditate with you sometime?” she gave up eventually, so tired of spinning her own wheels she saw the appeal of not thinking anything at all, if only for a brief time. 
The life she had before, her whole real life in fact, slowly turned into a fading dream, melting into her being here now, in this house, breaking bread with a stranger with whom she only shared one thing: being lost.
“Not at all. See how wonderful? The beginning of wisdom.”

Sixth Scene

The crickets were loud in the night air, Gwen never realized there were so many insects in the desert, and their combined noise was loud enough to pierce through the gasps of the fire and the monotonous rhythm of the conversation, slowed down by the smokes and the tequila.
No. 4 wielded a stick with which he kept poking at the fire, absentminded, and he looked as if he had retreated into a world of his own, the world behind his eyes, to ponder on the mysteries of existence undisturbed. He smiled a sibylline smile into the distance, which made Gwen think that world of his, behind his eyes, must have been pretty wonderful.
“Why do you say you were The Library?” she asked abruptly and regretted disturbing his contemplation the moment the words left her lips.
He turned around to face her, the smile still lighting up his face.
“That is a complicated question. Ask yourself, what is a library?”
“A library is a place where books are kept, in organized fashion, for public use but not for sale,” Gwen replied.
“More generally,” he encouraged.
“It can also include audio-video content, software packages, genetic material, medical slides,” Gwen elaborated.
“Even more generally.”
“A place where information is organized and kept available for public use.”
“What are the characteristics of such a place?” he asked, still smiling.
“It’s open to everyone,” Gwen started listing them.
“Yes.”
“It is unbiased regarding how the information is used.”
“What else?”
“It is organized in a way which facilitates the retrieval of pertinent information on a subject from a variety of sources.”
“That is a very important characteristic: a library is curated. What else?”
“I don’t know. What does that have to do with you?”
“Let’s keep analyzing this for now. What is the most general definition of a library?”
“A curated collection of content.”
“Now you’re talking! What is content?”
“Content is the meaning embodied by various forms of expression, expressed through a medium of communication.”
“And what does it pertain to, exactly?”
“Knowledge? Creative expression?”
“Describing what?”
“I don’t know,” Gwen pondered. “It can be anything?”
“So, everything, then. What word would you use to include everything?”
“Objective reality?”
“So, a library is a curated collection of content pertaining to objective reality.”
“And that relates to you how?” Gwen started laughing, a little distracted by the fiery influence of the desert brew.
“Ask me anything,” he threw his arms wide to his sides, upsetting a jar of the aforementioned spirit.
“What is the meaning of life?” Gwen jumped on the offensive immediately, amused by the prospect.
“You will find that subject in the philosophy section,” No. 4 responded, in all seriousness, pointing to No. 1.
“Did any of you know each other from before?”
“From before what?”
“Before here.”
“It would be very difficult for me to answer that question. I would have to clearly understand what it means to know somebody. I suppose you mean if we knew each other socially. We corresponded, of course, and I met No. 1 at a conference once, but yes, I can say we all knew each other, through our various topics of interest.”
“Did any of you come here together?”
“How could we?”
Gwen didn’t understand why that would be an impossibility, but the liquor had relaxed her into a state where pushing through the details of a subject was just too hard. 
“We are The Library!” No. 4 stood suddenly, raising his hands to the sky.
“The Library!” one by one all the members of the group followed his example.
“We are The Library!” they declaimed together and started walking around the fire in a strange circle dance. The image was so eerie Gwen did not think to question it. She just watched the performance with her mouth open in disbelief.
“We are here to educate!” the group continued chanting and pointing to the fire.
“And inform.”
“And answer questions. We search for questions with no answers.”
“And answer them.”
“We’re here to educate!” the group continued chanting, turning towards her. 
“Educate whom?” she couldn’t help herself.
“Why, you, of course!” they answered together, and their voices were so perfectly synchronized, they sounded like one person.
“That’s insane! You couldn’t possibly know I’d come here! I got here by accident!” Gwen protested vigorously.
“Nobody comes to the library by accident! People always come in search of something. What are you searching for?”
“I’m not searching for anything!”
“That may very well be. We evolved to the point where new information doesn’t come as an answer to a specific query, but as an unpredictable byproduct of the endless, contradictory and constantly churning chatter of amorphous channels.”
“That still doesn’t explain why I’m here!”
“You followed the breadcrumbs,” they started chanting and dancing again, delighted.
“What in places are you talking about!!?” Gwen eventually snapped.
 “Mostly, commentary that was not related to any subject in particular but whose nuggets of useful information floated to the top, randomly, like over-boiled eggs, and found significance with you.” 
“How do you like your eggs, my dear?” No. 4 showed up from the dark, holding a basket of eggs. She didn’t even realize he’d been gone. She could have sworn she saw all the members of the library group dance together around the fire.
‘I’ll settle for not raw,’ she thought, then answered. “Sunny side up.”
“That’s a shame!” No. 4 smiled enigmatically. “They’re already boiled.”
‘Why on earth would you ask me, then?’ she wondered, more bewildered than upset.
“Just curious.”
“So, how do you know which things are true in that amorphous bulk?”
“We don’t. We almost know things, but not for sure. We settled for true enough for now.”
What Gwen didn’t mention out loud was she was indeed in search of something, something she couldn’t name, and for which she’d embarked on a twelve hour bus trip and ended up stranded in the desert. 
“Stop taking yourself so seriously,” No. 7 interrupted her inner monologue by flopping his arms like a giant bird trying to take flight. “People can barely be bothered to notice your performance while you’re playing yourself, and you’re only a few short decades removed from a six-foot plot. Do only what matters to you.” 
‘Some people have a creepy sense of humor,’ she made a mental comment.
“And some people have a penchant for commenting on things they don’t understand,” he retorted in an intentionally stentorian voice, for emphasis. “I have spoken wisdom for your benefit. You are welcome!”
She’d taken the trip because she could feel something was missing from the tide of new knowledge that crashed at her feet every day, something that left traces on the world but never revealed its presence, something like the wind, or the electrical charges in the clouds.
If she learned anything in college, it was that in this our time when information is at one’s fingertips it’s not the questions one can formulate that lack answers, but the diffuse, not fully formed intuitions of that something being there, just outside the grasp of reason, tantalizing in its stubborn persistence.
The quest for knowledge then had to abandon the objective questions, which could be answered with a few keystrokes, in order to chase the proverbial dragon in half-baked concepts and pattern fragments, trying to put them together in a coherent puzzle that couldn’t possibly exist.
The purists are appalled by this insane Brownian motion of thought processes and doomsay the collapse of civilization, when in fact this is our first wobbly step into a broader understanding, previously unavailable. 
The earth centric model of the universe was clearer and more beautiful too, and just as flawed as our insistence on absolute truths.
What if there weren’t any? What if everything beyond the body of knowledge assembled to this point exists in a fuzzy state of possibility? What if there are answers that are not always true or false? And further more, what if those questions for which we believe we have the answers only represent our misunderstanding of the true nature of being?
“So,” No. 4 commented. “You almost like your eggs sunny side up.”
“I’m not even sure what that means,” Gwen mumbled.
“Eggs. Cooking.”
“Are those vulture eggs again?” Gwen remembered her assertiveness.
“Some, maybe,” No. 4 stared blankly at the basket, trying to assess its contents. It was too dark to make out the colors and patterns, but by size alone, one could guess two different species of birds had laid those eggs.
No. 7 started singing a soft and melancholy tune Gwen couldn’t recognize. It sounded ancient; it was composed in a minor scale and the simple melody rendered in a solitary voice filled the night with longing.
The others stopped their conversation to listen to the music, whose simple melody floated over their heads in the desert night, like the call of a muezzin.
As if prompted, a giant moon popped over the horizon. It found a good seat, perched on top of a giant cactus, and settled there to admire the view. 
The crickets had quieted down. Midnight was approaching, the hour of shadow and mystery that makes the blood grow cold. Inside the darkness, part of that elusive something was lurking, swaddled in the sounds of the ancient song like in a blanket. She could feel its presence, beyond the world of matter, but just as real.
‘Maybe that’s why they send the postulants to the desert,’ she thought. ‘To feel a truth so subtle our daily clatter simply overwhelms it.’
Not all the things worth knowing can be expressed in words. 
“Here,” No. 3 handed her a blanket. “Take this, it’s getting chilly.”
The breath of the desert grew louder, making Gwen shudder in its cold air. She looked up and her spirit soared, and for a moment she was out there, among the stars, just as bright, still and immortal as they were. And cold. So cold!

Seventh Scene

“Sit down,” No. 5 ordered, “you’re late for class.”
‘What class?’ Gwen looked around and saw everybody was sitting in a semicircle around the speaker, ostensibly to attend class.
“Just sit!” No. 5 rolled his eyes, displeased by the time wasting.
No. 4 and No. 1 scooted over to make room for her. By means unknown, someone had produced a notepad and a pencil, sharpened to a fine point, and the two implements were now getting passed around the group until they reached her.
“What exactly am I supposed to do with these?” she whispered towards No. 4, trying to disturb the assembly as little as possible, but the latter looked annoyed by the interruption and didn’t answer.
She sat herself quietly between the two numbers, notepad in her lap.
“What’s the class about?” she leaned over to whisper in No. 4’s ear again, undeterred by the latter’s cold shoulder.
“The afterlife,” he answered curtly.
“The what?”
“Shhh!”
“Do you have anything to contribute?” No. 5 asked her directly, trying to put this class disturbance to good use.
“I believe I do, yes.”
“Oh, you do, do you? How? Have you been? By all means, enlighten us!”
“No. 5!”
The latter waved off the protest with a bored hand gesture and signaled her to continue.
“Are we in agreement about the existence of the unconscious?”
“As opposed to…” No. 5 retorted.
“Human consciousness being consigned only to the rational realm.”
“We reluctantly acknowledge the unconscious,” No. 5 frowned. “If for no other reason than that it makes itself manifest all too frequently, and always in the negative.”
“Then you may consider the possibility that the collective unconscious exists as well,” Gwen continued.
“No! No! Absolutely not!” No. 5 got instantly infuriated. “We’re not even going to discuss this nonsense!”
“It’s not nonsense,” No. 6 protested. “Just because you have an opinion about it…”
“It’s not an opinion! The Easter Bunny isn’t real either!”
“By that logic, neither is love!”
“We know that for a fact!”
“So,” No. 1 intervened, “love does not exist. Remind me to save you a seat at the Diogenes’ club.” He turned towards Gwen and added. “Which reminds me to tell you your generation did not invent youthful rebellion. It’s as old as time.”
“Even more proof the collective unconscious exists,” No. 6 added with an ironic smile.
“Let’s allow her to finish her argument, shall we?” No. 3 pleaded.
“That’s right, we’re going to teach her rhetoric and debate by starting with false premises!” No. 5 brooded.
“Continue, my dear,” No. 4 turned towards Gwen.
‘Why are you taking a rhetoric class?’ she mused.
The group burst instantly into Homeric laughter that lasted for quite some time, during which she tried to make herself small and inconspicuous, but good luck trying to hide anything taller than a rock in the desert. 
When the laughter finally subsided, No. 3 replied.
“We’re not taking the class, silly! We ARE the class!”
“Continue your argument, please,” No. 4 reminded her.
Gwen was already parboiled in her own sweat and had as much confidence as a worm on a hook, but she continued, wretched.
“If we accept the existence of the collective unconscious, what is the difference between it and the ever after? Both of them imply human consciousness enduring outside of time and in the absence of a physical vessel.”
“Liquified and blended together like a smoothie too, brrr!” No. 5 shuddered, appalled.
“Ok,” No. 1 calmed down the outraged audience with a hand gesture. “So, suppose we’re all Soylent Green. What of it?”
“Forget the collective unconscious! By that logic we should be more concerned about whether individual consciousness exists!” No. 5 protested.
“Speak for yourself!”
“I would. If only that were possible!”
“We’re all over the place! Can we follow this argument to its natural end without leaving the solar system, please?”
“Ok,” No. 5 turned to Gwen again. “Say your analogy is true. Why should we care?”
“If there was such a thing as consciousness independent of the body, wouldn’t you want to know?”
“But there is no such thing as consciousness independent of the body.”
“Or love,” No. 6 mumbled resentfully under his breath.
“Let’s say I believe you. Why should I care?”
“Because that knowledge determines how you decide to live your life.”
“That’s precisely the reason this fairy tale makes my blood boil! Think you’ll live forever, why don’t you! Maybe you won’t have to take responsibility for your earthly life.”
“That’s not at all the point,” Gwen replied, surprised at her own assertiveness. “What if you knew with absolute certainty?”
“Then, from what you just told me, I die and get turned into a smoothie, with No. 6  and No. 3 over there, and you won’t be able to tell us apart! Cursed to have the debate about the existence of the collective unconscious for all eternity! The horror!”
‘Why are we talking about this again?’ Gwen wondered.
“To teach you how to formulate an argument,” No. 5 replied out loud to remind her.
‘How on earth does he do that?’
“I’m psychic,” No. 5 rebuked her.
Gwen sulked, but No. 1 prodded her to continue her argument.
“Not only there is such a thing as a collective unconscious, but it has a designated pronoun: the impersonal it, or on in French, which is often used to represent the unseen entity we all unconsciously feel and accept as existing, the one which embodies realities and laws we don’t have the means to express. When it presents in the negative, we see it as a menacing collective. We personify it into a they, to bring it down to human scale and make ourselves its equal.”
“It is already human, by your own argument,” No. 5 replied.
“Probably,” Gwen hesitated. 
“It would be hard to equate an amorphous collective running into the billions with one human being.”
“So, we’ve an ant colony?”
“More like an ocean, with currents and deeps and a glimmering surface.”
“I still don’t understand why would that have anything to do with life everlasting.”
“If consciousness can exist independent of the body, why would it be necessary for any of it to be currently incarnate in order to project into thought?”
“You mean we’re talking to dead people.”
“Among other things.”
“Do tell!” No. 5 leaned in, vastly amused. “Wait. I’ve got to sit down for this one. You were saying?”
“We may be talking to many things: fragments of individual consciousnesses, blends and composites, consciousnesses not currently assigned to a physical body, archetypal repositories which rose to the symbolic level, our own consciousness, reflected and making waves in the ocean, echoes from different times, contagious memes,” Gwen enumerated.
“I’m still waiting to hear where the dead come into this argument.”
“I’m saying you can’t tell how the comprising water molecules of that ocean came about. Maybe some of them evaporated, reached the cold layers of the higher atmosphere and rained back into it. It’s a continuum.”
“What logically follows from this is we’re only blessed with the rejects!” No. 5 burst into laughter. He was laughing so hard tears were streaming down his face.
“That’s not what I meant!” Gwen protested most vehemently.
He gestured towards her to stop, unable to pause for breath between the bouts of laughter. It took a while for him to regain composure.
“Congratulations, my dear! This is the most ludicrous tall tale I ever heard in my life, but also the most entertaining. I see now the notepad was a premature move. By all means, do not write any of this down! We’ll scrap this entire argument and start from scratch.”
“So, no supernatural entities, then?” No. 1 inquired, visibly amused.
“Those are still up in the cloud,” No. 4 replied, starting bout of laughter number three.
Gwen was beet red and looking desperately for a hole in the ground she could crawl in and disappear.
“Don’t worry,” No. 4 comforted her. “Between the agave and the hemp, we’ve heard much worse. Heck, we’ve said much worse. Drink?” he offered her a flask.
“It’s not even four in the afternoon!”
“So?”
She was going to add on which day and suddenly realized she didn’t know. She tried to count down the days to the last one she remembered, but the days blended into each other so much they made counting impossible. 
This place looked very real, as did her companions, but there was something about it, something that defied causality and logic that she couldn’t pinpoint.
‘Maybe I died,’ she considered the option. 
It wouldn’t have been outside the realm of possibility, it was certainly more likely than the improbable luck of finding a house and people in the middle of nowhere, perfectly isolated from the world, after roaming through the desert for three days, lost, without food and water.
“And you subsequently condensed and rained back down on us,” No. 1 mocked. “At least you fell in the desert, where you’re needed.”
“Fell?”
“Well, yes. Last I checked, gravity was still working.”
“Fell from where?” Gwen was overcome with dread, suddenly and without a reason.
“Don’t push her, No. 1! She’s going to have a panic attack and think she fell from grace any moment now.”
“Oh, come on! I never had so much fun in my life!”
‘Who are you people?’
“Your fellow fallen, no doubt,” No. 7 joined in the teasing. “Here to corrupt your young mind.”
“We are The Library!”
“The Library!”
‘Oh, God! Not the Greek chorus thing again!’
They joined hands and circled around her in a slow dance. Their expressions were frozen on their faces, turning them into stone statues, a strange vision which made the hair on the back of her head stand on end.
Stuck in the middle of the circle as an idol stand-in, Gwen wasn’t even surprised when she saw the clouds starting to pile up into the distance, weird disk shaped clouds, darker and heavier than lead, and looking pregnant with rain.
‘It’s going to rain at any moment now!’
“The more the merrier! One consciousness drop. Two consciousness drops. Many consciousness drops.”
She smiled, excited to get the answer to her earlier question about what day it was. 
As evident from the gathering of clouds on the horizon, it was Tuesday.

Eighth Scene

“How did you end up here?” she asked No. 5, in a daze, realizing the inappropriate nature of the question before she had the time to call it back. It was no business of hers how these men ended up in the middle of the desert, enacting classic tragedies in the original Greek, and she would have been offended if they questioned her choices.
In fact, she wouldn’t have known how to answer such a question. People always like to believe they have reasons for doing things, and were they to explain themselves, they would gladly volunteer the logic of their circumstances, but that’s all self-delusion. We all make our choices before we even think about them, and fill in the blanks with reasons after the fact in order to explain them to ourselves.
Thankfully society gives us a pass on explaining our emotions, because we’d have a bear of a time shoving those into a logical frame.
No. 5 watched her fret with embarrassment, strangely poised, as if he was waiting for the fussing to subside before he gave her an answer.
“That question is a lot more interesting than you think. And much broader. First, you have to assume the existence of free will for it to even make sense.”
“What do you mean?” Gwen gave him a blank stare.
“Never mind, that’s a discussion for another time. So, let’s assume free will.”
“Obviously, nobody gets lost in the desert and then stranded in the only part of it compatible with survival on purpose, so, whatever my original intent was, the outcome doesn’t match it.”
“For some strange reason, humans are blind to the larger entity they are, the one constantly transformed by the passing of time and only see themselves in slices, in the here and now, and act as if their current circumstances are immovable. What do you remember about your life from, say, five years ago?”
Gwen saw herself carrying boxes to her dorm room, both excited and tense about college, not knowing what to expect, a very different person from the jaded graduate who left civilization behind in search of higher meaning. 
What on earth was she thinking?
“Exactly,” No. 5 read her mind. “If life makes any sense at all, it’s in retrospect, with the benefit of perspective. Understand you’re not the same person you were five years ago, and neither am I, and you’re asking me to pick some other person’s mind and inquire about his reasons.”
‘You’ve been here for five years?’ Gwen thought, shocked. ‘I might as well be dead. I’m never getting out of here!’
No. 5 chuckled.
“Young people perceive time differently. How old do you think I am?”
Gwen shuffled, embarrassed, determined to avoid answering and shrugged to make herself smaller.
“Once you pass the three digits, decades just start blending into each other. To tell you the truth, young lady, life is not that imaginative.”
‘Now he’s pulling my leg. Serves me right for asking stupid questions!’
“So, let’s say you’ve been here for three hundred years.” 
Unspoken dread flowed like ice through Gwen’s veins, and she froze at the possibility. 
“It may very well be you won’t be able to remember what brought you to this place, and even if you do, it doesn’t matter. Whatever portion of living you can assign to the ‘before’ is insignificant by comparison and you can’t take it seriously as a causative factor.”
‘That’s the biggest crock…’
“Language!” No. 5 protested. 
“Let’s say I remember how I ended up here, I’m not really sure ‘here’ exists in the objective, maybe our perceptions of reality stream from our own consciousness, from a mental model we believe in and hold steadily in our minds.”
Gwen caught herself before thinking ‘nonsense’ and argued politely:
“If you’re caught in a dream, it’s a shared one. I can see the same world you do.”
“How can you be sure of that?”
How wise our instincts are! She knew the second the question left her lips it would not take her anywhere constructive, and she was correct, all without a bit of reasoning.
“Fine. Let’s say this place is real, in an objective sense, and we all perceive it in the same way. I still don’t know how I got here. I can tell you the circumstances conducive to this trip to the desert, but after getting baked alive in the sun, without water, the details get a little fuzzy.”
“You weren’t really here for three hundred years, were you?” she joked.
“It would be impossible to tell! Have you seen any clocks around? It sure felt like it! I used to be a professor of archeology and came to Sedona with a team to explore a dig. Sounds pretty banal, doesn’t it?” he sketched an ironic smile.
“So, what happened to them?”
“I suppose they’re asking themselves what happened to me, if they’re still alive. It’s been a very long time…”
“How did you get separated?”
“I glimpsed something extraordinary, something that reason couldn’t explain and wanted to get a better look. It was just past a double rock formation that looked like a gate, a very particular configuration I was sure was used as a landmark, but somehow after I passed it I never found it again.”
‘The rock formation!’ Gwen gasped.
“So help me, if you tell me I crossed through some sort of gateway between realities, I’ll forget all my civility and decorum and slap you silly! There is such a thing as getting disoriented. It’s not that hard. Look at this place!” he pointed at the nondescript nature of their surroundings. “You don’t need supernatural intervention to get lost.”
Gwen’s face betrayed disappointment.
“You were hoping for some epic story, weren’t you? Life altering events rarely announce themselves as such. Everything I thought important vanished the moment I walked into that gorge, and the person I was then vanished with it as well. There’s some inertial drag to one’s old self, but even the most stubborn must accept the inevitability of change.”
“Maybe it was meant to be,” Gwen whispered softly.
“I thought we were going to have the discussion about free will at some other time. See, I don’t believe in fate either. It requires a special kind of hubris to assume there is a God who has a plan for you, and you’re the favorite subject of His love and attention. We’re all trains on a track, my dear, caught in an implacable game of causes and effects and no event, no matter how small, is inconsequential.”
“What’s the difference between causality and fate?”
“One is an understanding of patterns and phenomena, the other is an egomaniacal delusion.”
“I believe in God,” Gwen confessed.
“Good for you. And yet, here you are!”
“Forgive me for asking, but if reality, hypothetically, is only a projection of your consciousness, why would you choose to make it look like this?”
“Ah, assuming free will again! What makes you think the contents of my consciousness are of my choosing?”
“Whose, then?” Gwen asked, bewildered.
No. 5 shrugged.
“Do you have control over every thought that passes through your head?”
“That falling backwards has to end somewhere. If my thoughts are someone else’s, then that someone is in control, it can’t be infinite regress.”
“You’re the one who believes the Infinite exists.”
“What does that have to do with anything!” Gwen lost her temper and immediately regretted it.
“You know what?” No. 5 called recess. “Forget about matter and consciousness. The sun is setting and we have to gather the eggs. One can’t live on bread alone,” he joked, but stopped teasing her when he saw the shocked expression on her face.
“Seriously. Eggs.” 
Gwen started looking for the treasured delicacy in nooks and crannies, wondering where did the chickens go all day. They never seemed to be around, and the desert wasn’t enticing enough to lure them away. Every Tuesday, when they had to bring them inside the house, there were so many of them they made the atmosphere simply unbreathable, and yet, most of the time, there was no trace of their existence anywhere.
A little smile of triumph lit up her face when she discovered a hidden nest with several large eggs. Some were still warm, so she figured the chickens who laid them must not be far, and then a higher wisdom hit her like thunder. 
Here she was, removed from civilization, pondering the egg-laying habits of feral chickens, in the company of seven strangers very fond of home brewed liquor and botanicals. 
It felt too unlikely her current circumstances just happened. 
Her old life (she had to admit, with a shudder, that she had lost track of that persona already) did not include fowl or philosophy. 
She tried very hard to remember what used to interest her, what she found important, what drove her here, and she remembered everything, but it felt like looking into the mind of a stranger with whom she had no rapport. 
Everything she studied and everything she thought took second fiddle to her egg hunt now, and while she was mad about being reduced to manual labor, she didn’t find her former intellectual pursuits worth the time she had devoted to them, either. 
“We just find ways to fill our days,” No. 5 said kindly. “What’s important is to enjoy whatever activity you’re engaged in.”
“That’s the saddest thing I ever heard,” Gwen replied, on the verge of tears. “Why do anything if it doesn’t matter?”
“Who said it doesn’t matter? You confuse transience with futility. Remind me to talk to you about the difference sometime.”
“Can we at least cook the eggs this time? I don’t think I can eat raw eggs again,” she sniffled in a manner unbecoming a sophisticated intellectual in search of higher meaning.
“Of course,” he agreed. “We can boil them over there,” he pointed to a large campfire surrounded by thick smoke and copious laughter, and Gwen couldn’t help wonder whether the active ingredient in that smoke could pass through the shells. 

Ninth Scene

Life doesn’t give you time to actually look at it except during extraordinary circumstances. 
It’s in those gaps, those experiences that don’t fit, that you see its inherent strangeness.
You notice then that things are never clean cut: the laws of physics have exceptions, moral imperatives have exceptions, even life and death have exceptions.
One doesn’t see that when things are normal, whatever that means, within the range of possibility, and one forgets that very unlikely outcomes are well within the range possibility as well. 
We understand freedom as the ability to control our fate and we’re so proud of our marketable skills, our net worth, our physical attractiveness, our fitness, in every sense of the word, and we fail to see the gigantic mechanism we’re locked into, the much larger drift of social dynamics that runs our lives and to which we blind ourselves to maintain our illusion of control.
When all our social ties are cut, when we’re thrown out of humanity and denied the facilities of civilization at first we’re overwhelmed by dread. 
Even the most hardened misanthrope is stunned by how much his or her life depends on the well workings of society. 
It is a loneliness unlike any other to no longer have a purpose in the collective human effort.
At first one tries to keep up with the goals and aspirations one was raised to value, imagining those will keep him or her from devolving to an undesirable state, only to realize with the passing of time those goals were put in place in the larger context of a group and make no sense to an individual, they make no sense at all.
At the same time, completely unexpected goals and aspirations emerge, which make sense only in the current context, and only to the person who originated them. 
In solitude there are two paths to freedom, and they both involve the abolition of fear: abandoning yourself to darkness or to absolute love. What would you do if you found out, when after much soul rending torment you finally dare take that leap into the dark abyss that at the bottom of it you find love too? There is no place in existence where love is not. If there is one absolute to the human condition, it must be that.
Three hundred years! The thought made Gwen so anxious her mouth went dry. Forget about surviving that long. What was one to do with so much time? We’re all taught unless we do something with our time, it doesn’t count, that our lives are wasted, as if doing trumps all other considerations. 
Even contemplatives feel compelled to plan out their soul gazing, worried that unscheduled introspection won’t get credit in life school. 
But what if everything worthwhile is already being done by the machinery of reality itself? 
What if, for a human, doing is just another form of entertainment?
The removal of activities must be externally imposed, by circumstances beyond our control, for us to realize most of the things we dedicate our lives to are as relevant in the larger scheme of things as those of people who died a thousand years before we were born. 
They thought their goals and plans were very important, too.
If somebody told Gwen only a month ago her most important task would be to herd chickens every Tuesday so they don’t get swept in the mudslides, she wouldn’t have wasted her time listening. We never listen to the truths we don’t understand and the less we know about reality, the more confident we are we have it well in hand.
We are then shocked when so called unforeseen circumstances arise, making a little pile of debris of our hard earned achievements and our carefully calibrated plans, and the strangest thing is, those circumstances are never unforeseen, reality is not that creative, we just label as such the things that happen to other people, who were definitely foolish, or irresponsible, or deserving of them, or just plain unlucky. 
One thing about those pesky acts of God is you never see them coming. You can’t even put together the logical unfolding of events which led to them happening after the fact. You are blindsided. You never feel more powerless, because in the face of such events, all your knowledge and wisdom are worthless. 
People go to very dark places to escape this powerlessness, with the unconscious hope that darkness will somehow restore the control they believed they had over their lives, only to find out, in dismay, that there is nothing in the darkness that isn’t also in the light, they are just two states of the same reality aspect, neither more powerful nor more desirable than the other. 
“What am I going to do here for centuries?” she asked out loud in a tiny dry voice without even realizing it.
“What makes you think you’re going to make it that long?” No. 7 asked, displeased. “You don’t know how to do anything!”
“Leave the girl alone,” No. 1 intervened.
“No,” No. 5 picked up the gauntlet. “He’s right.” He turned to Gwen, who found it difficult to understand why her life was suddenly on trial.
“What do you know how to do that would foster your survival?”
That was a strange thing to ask a person who had worked hard all her life to foster said survival: all her degrees, her responsible consumption and fitting well within the bounds of society were geared to accomplish that. 
Nobody had ever mentioned herding chickens to her as a critical survival skill.
“Welch Schauspiel! aber ach! ein Schauspiel nur!"[5] No. 7 declaimed proudly. “How good it is to have a literary education!”
“She doesn’t understand what you said,” No. 4 intervened.
“And exactly how useless is that? Four years of higher learning! Four years of doing nothing but this! Do you understand you’re trying to empty the ocean with an eyedropper?” he frowned, turning towards Gwen, who looked miserable. “Not to mention foreign languages. Did you learn any?”
“French,” Gwen whispered almost inaudibly, terrified of being put on the spot to translate Le Cid next. No. 7 waved his hand at her, irritated.
“The very least one is responsible to learn as a human being is ensuring one’s basic survival, you know? Food, shelter, safety!”
‘Who in his right mind questions basic survival? Even the most backward societies have that covered!’ Gwen’s mind revolted.
“But you’re not in any of those either, are you?” No. 7 retorted.
‘You look like a society to me,’ Gwen thought, ‘albeit a very small and very strange one…’
“We are The Library! The Library!” they all jumped to their feet, stomping the ground and chanting in unison.
“No, please,” she tried to interrupt them, “please, not the Greek…”
“Greek? You want Greek?” No. 7 thundered. “She wants Greek!” he turned to the others, who continued chanting seamlessly in the old language.
 “Βιοί γαρ ουδείς ον προαιρείται βίον."[6]
She realized trying to stop them would be a fool’s errand, and just stood there, watching them spin around, faster and faster, until they finally dropped to the ground, exhausted.
“Uh, that was intense!” No. 3 commented. “Anybody care for refreshments? I’ll go make us some tea.”
“Don’t skimp,” No. 5 prompted.
‘Where on earth do they get this stuff?’ Gwen thought. Clearly the desert didn’t yield mind altering botanicals. She then remembered the bread that showed up in the cupboard each morning and concluded, relieved.
‘I’m dead.’
“Tea?” No. 1 offered.
“No, thank you,” she declined.
“What damage could it possibly do to you if you’re already dead?” he smiled ironically.
“What is in it?”
“Oh, I don’t know exactly. I improvised.”
Gwen looked at the glistening liquid, whose green color looked like the villain’s potion from a cartoon. The acrid smell was not for the faint of heart.
‘I am not drinking that,’ she decided.
“More for us,” No. 1 withdrew his offer, distributing the liquid to the other members of the group, who were already in a wonderful mood.
If there is anything worse than being impaired, it’s being sober in a group where no one else is. 
Not only was she a reject from normal society, but she didn’t seem to fit into this tiny strange one either. 
She questioned her decision, wondering if under the circumstances refusing to have her mind tampered with was more proof of cowardice than of virtue. 
“Don’t be an idiot!” No. 7 scolded her, even from his altered state. “You don’t do things to fit in, you do them because you want to do them. Make yourself useful and go find us some eggs. We’re going to be famished when this wears out.”
When she got out the door, a heavenly sight welcomed her. The sun was setting, turning the sky every color of the rainbow, vivid neon colors that seemed to glow from within. The fiery light painted the desert rocks deep rose and burned sienna and light blue, and turned the mica in them alive, making it sparkle like electricity dancing across the land. 
‘How on earth…’ she gaped, dumbfounded, at the surreal landscape, quietly wondering if she had consumed whatever substance made The Library so happy without realizing it, because it didn’t seem possible for reality to be this beautiful without her ever having noticed it before. 
In that moment, the search for higher meaning which had brought her to this place suddenly made sense.
“Hey! Survival camp! Did you get the eggs?” No. 7 yelled from the house, prompting her into action.
She rushed around the rocks searching for nests in the dying light, forgetting about her numinous experience, drenched in stress sweat and running against time.
Above her head the clouds got carried by the wind, long pink clouds sliding over a purple, red and orange sky, subtly shifting to darker and darker shades until they faded to deep indigo. 
The full Flower Moon popped over the horizon unexpectedly. It shone bright silver light on the rocks and the creek, bright enough to illuminate every nook and cranny, so Gwen continued her egg hunt until she found all the treasure.

Tenth Scene

The next morning the room was an appalling mess: every object in it had been moved from its place. There were empty cups and glasses everywhere and above it all, the chickens roamed, agitated and making a racket.
‘It’s not even Tuesday,’ was the first thought that popped in Gwen’s head, and she examined it with detachment, surprised at how different one’s habitual thought patterns became to fit the context. 
That connecting Tuesdays with chickens was not in the range of thought processes sane people accepted proved to her the psychological normal was not a matter of clear mental standards, but a majority rule: you're normal if most of the people think like you.
“Who ate all the bread?” a voice, which she recognized belonged to No. 8, boomed over the chaos.
“Sorry,” No. 3 sheepishly confessed. “That tea can build quite an appetite.”
‘What happens if whatever you intend to convey is so foreign to your fellow humans nobody resonates with it? Do you not say it, then? And if you do, does it have any more meaning than a nonsensical poem?’
“How many times do I have to tell you,” No. 8 advanced towards him comically, trying to clamber over a chair and a pile of twisted blankets that were in his path. 
Gwen expected him to start a fight when he reached the wrongdoer, but he gestured to the latter to scoot over instead, so he could sit next to him on the only couch that was still placed right side up. As he threw himself on it, he kept darting dirty glances at No. 3, who ignored him.
“Did you find any eggs?” No. 8 continued his quest for sustenance, staring at Gwen, displeased. She pointed to a bowl on the edge of the countertop, which miraculously escaped whatever had rendered the rest of the room uninhabitable.
‘I can certainly think of things people would consider insane if everybody else didn’t agree on doing them as a matter of course.’
“Thank the non-existent deities!” No. 8 mumbled, while he scarfed down three raw eggs. “I was ravenous!”
‘Starching, for instance. Or his and hers showers.’
“You want some?” No. 8 generously offered her a couple of raw eggs, one of which had not been laid by a chicken.
“No, thank you.” 
Her stomach revolted, even more so since it was growling. 
She hated No. 3 badly right now for eating all the bread, with complete disregard for everybody else’s needs, only to realize altruism itself belonged to the behavioral category of things people only accept as normal because they all agreed to it.
“Are you hungry, my dear?” No. 4 raised his voice to reach across the room, because he didn’t want to fight his way through the mess to get closer.
“Yes,” she frowned. “Very.”
“You know, people can live quite a long time without food. We all think hunger is an emergency, because our brains tell us to panic the second the stomach sends them the signal.”
“Are you saying that because there is no food left?” Gwen cut the life lesson short.
“Of course. I could murder a pizza right about now,” he mused, in a mellifluous tone that would have lent itself better to the recitation of poetry.
“Why would you bring up pizza?” No. 1 jumped to his feet in revolt. “Does anyone here remember the last time they had pizza?”
‘And here’s another one,’ Gwen updated her mental record of oddities. ‘Who makes bread and then slathers it with tomato sauce? Delicious.’ 
“It was the night I got tenure,” No. 5 started down memory lane. “I invited a few friends over to celebrate…”
“You mean to tell me you’ve been here since you got tenure?” Gwen burst against her will. “How long ago was that?”
“Now, that was rude, young lady!” No. 5’s mood suddenly turned sour. “And completely unnecessary!”
“Ignore her!” a few voices encouraged him to continue. “We want to hear the story!”
“Story! Story! Story! Story!”
“OK!” he yelled, exasperated. “It’s not that interesting.”
“Every story is interesting,” No. 4 replied. “It’s just a matter of knowing how to tell it.”
“Fine. I invited a few friends over,” No. 5 started.
“And?”
“And we had a few drinks.”
“And?”
“And a few smokes.”
“And?”
“And we got hungry, so I ordered pizza.”
“See? This is what I’m talking about,” No. 4 commented. “What kind of pizza? What were the names of your friends? How long had you known each other? What did you talk about? How long did they stay? Details!”
“What are you, the secret police? None of your business!”
“Oh, because we have so much stuff here to keep us entertained? Spill!”
No. 5 reluctantly obliged, filling the spartan frame of the story with an abundance of detail, none of which seemed to be relevant.
“And?” No. 4 prompted again, when the slow trickle of details came to a stop.
“What on earth do you want to know, man?”
“In my experience, the most interesting stuff comes up only after you think you’ve exhausted a subject.”
“I can make stuff up if you wish,” No. 5 stared at him, peeved.
“That would be lovely,” No. 3 and No. 6 jumped at the chance. “Do tell.”
‘We’re all insane,’ Gwen pondered, calm. ‘It’s the isolation, I’m sure, or the uncertainty, or both. This is a perfect setting for a psychological experiment: if you have no standards for what it means to be crazy, how can you tell if you’re sane?’
“Ok, here goes. The lion is hiding in the trees. The trees are red. I live inside.”
“What does that even mean?” No. 1 protested.
“Well, you asked me to make stuff up, didn’t you?”
‘Thank goodness he didn’t do it in Latin,’ Gwen thought, ‘although if he did, I probably wouldn’t understand it any less.’
“Was this better left unsaid, even though it holds deep meaning to me?” No. 5 looked hurt.
“Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, my friend,” No. 1 retorted.
‘Well,’ Gwen continued her train of thought, ‘at least we know one person here arrived after the dawn of digital publishing.’
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that,” No. 7 mumbled, irate. “You youngsters think the world started with you. Peel off a few centuries, will you?”
“One could argue millennia,” No. 4 joined the conversation, engaging with gusto in a convoluted account, filled with dates, characters and historical references, of the evolution and uses of dummy text. 
“Now that’s how you tell a story,” he turned to No. 5, who was already dozing off, after he finished his explanation.
‘Does anything really matter?’ Gwen asked herself, too perplexed by the eerie narrative, which she knew was perfectly accurate in every detail, to pay attention to her growling stomach. ‘So help me, this is too strange to be real. I must be on drugs or something. Maybe someone slipped something into my coffee and now I’m passed out on the bus, dreaming up impossible stuff.’
“Ask yourself, what is real?” No. 1 picked up the subject and ran with it. “What is real to you?” he stared at her intently.
She didn’t answer, so he continued.
“If you think real is something that actually exists, and not something imagined, then either your dreams are real, which they actually are, based on how you define real in this context, or your memories are a figment of your imagination.”
‘What does that have to do with the price of eggs?’ Gwen’s frustration built to the next level of magnitude.
“We’re all imprisoned here in this limbo by a careless universe that couldn’t be bothered to send someone with an iota of intellectual curiosity! What subjects do you consider worth contemplating, pray tell?” No. 1 protested.
“Everybody,” No. 4 raised his voice over the crowd. “The bread is here!”
Eight people stopped in their tracks immediately, suddenly joining in a singular focus. 
They ate in silence for the next fifteen minutes.
“How…” Gwen dared ask, eventually.
“There is a lot more to mental processes that meets the eye,” No. 4 smiled. “Achieving most goals is a matter of patience.”
“And skill,” No. 1 added.
“And knowledge,” No. 7 joined the chorus.
“We are The Library! The Library!”. They unsuccessfully tried to wobble to their feet, then fell back on the couch, exhausted, and skipped the dancing.
‘The Library!’ Gwen echoed them inside her head, as if in a trance.
“There is no reality in the absolute,” No. 1 continued his previous argument, now that the full stomachs provided him with a more receptive audience. 
“Only our perception of reality. You can’t assess things your senses can’t pick up.”
“Oh, yeah?” No. 5 challenged him. “What about abstract thinking?”
“What about what’s outside reality?”
“There is no such a thing as outside of reality.”
“As far as you know. So much for abstract thinking: does that even make sense to you? An inside without an outside?”
Gwen listened to the debate soften to a low hum, taking in the concepts without even thinking about them, while her eyes swept across the mess and she wondered how come nobody else was annoyed by it. 
She couldn’t help her curiosity regarding how all of this chaos came about, but refused, on principle, to be the only busybody there compelled by social conditioning to clean it up.
No. 1 finished his argument, and then somebody commented on how a certain passage from “Those Barren Leaves” echoed the principles of the early modernist movement, and Gwen blurted innocently she had never read the book, so they took turns reciting it to her until nightfall, surrounded by the chickens, who had come in from the heat and found the monotone sound of storytelling soothing. 
‘The Library!’ Gwen’s thought still echoed in her head long after the story ended. 
She quietly corrected the arrival time of the last librarian, to place it after the publishing of the famous Bradbury novel, if time was advancing in linear fashion, a conviction through which her current situation had poked so many holes she wasn’t sure it maintained enough cohesion to uphold.

Eleventh Scene

“What’s up?” No. 1 climbed on top of the flat boulder where Gwen had retired in search of solitude. To anybody else, she would have looked like she was meditating, but not to him.
They were sitting cross-legged, a good height above ground, and from their elevated viewpoint, they enjoyed a beautiful panorama of the desert at dusk.
Gwen put a long pregnant pause between the question and the answer, one which, to be sure, would have garnered applause in any theatrical performance, and then declaimed, with the pathos only afforded to the young.
“What is the point of all this!”
“Meaning alert!” No. 1 yelled at the top of his lungs, loud enough to reach every eardrum within range. “Gather round, everybody, we have an emergency!”
“The point? Of this?” No.5 mumbled, irritated because he was woken from his afternoon nap. “Whatever gave you such a silly idea?”
“Have you been listening?” Gwen snapped.
“I don’t have to. Do you think you’re the only fool who thinks there’s got to be some deeper meaning to this nonsense?”
“Of course there is meaning!” No. 6 protested, outraged.
“Hogwash!”
“How can you even look at this beautiful landscape and not understand there is purpose and thought behind everything there is!” the former pointed to the intense purple, pink and orange sunset, which looked like an artist’s psychedelic dream world.
“Oh, yeah!” No. 5 retorted. “God made the sunset just for you! Wait until he makes you a sunrise. That’s something worth waking up for!”
“That’s not the point!” No. 6 fretted, uncomfortable. “You find meaning in what is, you don’t expect the meaning to be manufactured for your personal use.”
“Actually, I’m not sure that’s true,” No. 4 intervened. “How can you know this existed before we could see it? You can’t!”
“I’m sure it existed before your highness deigned to look kindly upon it,” No. 7 chuckled.
“Define existed,” No. 4 continued, unperturbed.
“That’s too deep of a question,” No. 1 took the subject and ran with it. “You really can’t define existence in the absolute. Things only exist for you because you are able to observe or conceive of them. Can you say something exists if you have no way of knowing or verifying it?”
“And now we’re back to the tree falling in the forest when nobody is there to hear it! God, I hate this topic! I was hoping to never visit it again!”
“We can’t,” No. 1 jumped to his feet and pointed emphatically at the unfortunate young woman, making her crumble under the weight of scrutiny. “Gwen here is having an existential crisis.”
“Yeah, and we’re making it worse! She’s questioning existence in general now, not just her own.” 
He turned towards Gwen and addressed her in a kind tone, completely out of character for him.
“Don’t waste your life with existential musings, child. Just live it.”
“Live it?!” Gwen’s inner anguish made its way to the surface like lava from a volcano. “Live it?! There is no safety, no comfort, even the bare necessities are in question! Every morning I wake up in a cold sweat wondering if that damned bread is going to show up in the cupboard! By ten it’s a hundred degrees out there and my greatest joy for the day is to find an egg that was actually laid by a chicken! How do you even have chickens here? You know what? Don’t answer! I spent four years studying the greatest minds of civilization so I could get stuck here, hacking smelly fish, covered in guts!”
“If you really studied those great minds, we wouldn’t be having this conversation,” No. 7 replied.
“All I do is struggle to survive!”
“What do you think life is?” No. 7 blurted, exasperated. “Do you want your life to have meaning, princess? Keep your lights on! If you’re still consuming resources by the end of the day, you won!”
“Surely you don’t mean that,” No. 4 contradicted him in a soft tone that felt comforting.
“Why don’t you tell her, then, you seem to have gotten it all figured out!”
“You have to see the bigger picture,” No. 4 obliged. “You’re more than Gwen, stuck in the wilderness. You are a vessel for humanity. You carry the entire human civilization within you, everywhere you go, including here. Even your being alive is proof of that body of knowledge: you survive because you already know how to build a fire.”
“I don’t, actually,” Gwen blurted, embarrassed.
“Theoretically,” No. 4 continued seamlessly. “We really should teach you how to do that. How come you never learned?”
“It didn’t seem like an essential skill for my future,” Gwen mumbled, distraught.
“And now it is. Learn.”
“So, I wasted four years studying completely useless stuff?”
“Indeed,” No. 8 emerged from his silent cocoon, so isolating people actually forgot he was there. 
”Alle Theorie, lieber Freund, ist grau, aber der goldene Baum des Lebens sprießt immer grün,"[7] No. 7 said.
“See? If you didn’t waste those four years, you’d already know what he said.”
“Give the girl a break, No. 7,” No. 4 intervened. “No one person knows everything.”
“And I truly would,” No. 7 continued, “if she studied astrophysics, or chemistry.” As he continued, his face turned deeper and deeper shades of crimson. “But she studied literature! Literature! Do you have any idea how much this incenses me? What is the point indeed! She got that right!”
‘That has nothing to do with what’s bothering me now,’ Gwen brooded in silence.
“We’re digressing,” No. 1 steered the debate back to the subject. “We were discussing the meaning of life!”
“That’s a groundbreaker!” No. 7 scoffed. “Pray tell!”
“Maybe we should allow someone else to voice his or her opinion,” No. 1 shirked the subject. “You haven’t said a word, No. 3.”
“Is there any bread left?”
“No,” No. 5 said. “I finished the last of it.”
A tentative chicken approached the group and settled down in the fine dust by the rock to listen to the conversation. 
After it reassured itself nobody was paying it any attention, it started preening its feathers, raising up tiny clouds of dust to fend off bird mites.
‘There is no way this stuff is real!’ Gwen’s eyes opened wider, hoping maybe then they’ll be able to see through this acid trip mirage into the real world behind.
“Knowledge is not a utilitarian pursuit,” No. 4 filled the gap in the conversation. “Not at its core. Otherwise we’d have no need for literature, philosophy or art.”
“We don’t have any need for those,” No. 7 replied.
“That’s exactly what I said,” No. 4 agreed. “It’s not a matter of need.”
“I disagree,” No. 6 joined in, “I believe they satisfy a deep psychological need.”
“If you say that need is to find meaning, I’m leaving!” No. 7 got up.
“You have such a dismissive attitude towards the human spirit,” No. 6 disagreed. “We’re not machines!”
“Sure we are.”
“No, we’re not.”
“Ok, we’re intelligent machines.”
“What’s intelligence?”
“That would be the capacity to adapt to changes in one’s environment, Gwen. You’re welcome!”
Gwen used the slight as an opportunity to ask another question.
“Do you think we’ll ever be able to get out of here?”
A long thinking pause ensued, followed by an avalanche of overlapping commentary, so garbled together Gwen couldn’t make up any of the answers.
‘I’m guessing that’s a no,’ she remained silent, unwilling to add to the glut of rhetoric. ‘If there is a here, that is. If this is a bad trip, however I may have happened upon it, then it’s not a matter of getting out, is it? It’s a matter of waking up.’
“It’s always a matter of waking up,” No. 1 smiled, pleased. “I’m glad you’ve been paying attention.”
“If it is that simple, why don’t you do it?” Gwen replied.
“What makes you think I didn’t?”
Gwen gave up the fight. There are situations in life when all your knowledge and wisdom can do is add to your confusion by smothering the messages your intuition screams at you. Your intuition doesn’t worry about looking silly and will always tell you what it believes to be the truth.
Of course, said inner voice also acts like a five-year-old with no ability to control itself. 
At this point, Gwen would have taken any advice, even from an inner voice like that, but that voice was now quiet, and all she could feel from it was fear of the unknown.
‘That’s helpful,’ she added instinct to the list of useless tools in her survival arsenal, and then remembered someone was feeding them every day. Someone, or something, was responsible for putting bread in that cupboard so they could find it every morning. Maybe that someone could help her.
“Don’t tell me you’re going to ask God for meaning now!” No. 8 burst out, furious. “Perish the thought of using your own brain!”
“You mean to tell me you never asked yourself how that bread gets there?”
“And that is precisely why we’re drawn to the pursuit of knowledge,” No. 4 pointed out.
“That didn’t answer my question.”
“Why does everything we take for granted happen? Why does the sun rise every day?”
“Actually, we do know that,” No. 8 corrected him.
“Fine. Why is there light and matter? Why don’t we fall through the Earth? Why doesn’t time run backwards? What is outside the universe? We all live in a cocoon environment, controlled by our knowledge limitations and the things we take for granted. In this cocoon, the bread in the cupboard belongs to the second category.”
“What does that have to do with meaning?” No. 1 intervened.
“Absolutely nothing.”
“So, why are we talking about it, then?”
“Yes.”
“Speaking of things we take for granted, did anybody bother to gather the eggs? It’s getting dark.”
No. 6 and No. 3 got up in a hurry and started looking behind rocks for the next morning’s breakfast.
“Did that answer your question?” No. 1 turned towards Gwen, satisfied with the depth of inquiry.
“No.”

Twelfth Scene

“Whatever possessed you to do that?” No. 6 asked Gwen, with an appalled look on his face. The storm clouds had started gathering on the horizon, darkening the sky in the middle of the day to a dusky, stark intensity. 
Here and there thick ropes of lighting put out a spectacular display, made even more impactful by the contrast with the gloomy background.
“Do what?” Gwen replied, and the puzzled expression on her face confirmed she had absolutely no idea what the fuss was about.
“You broke it!”
Gwen looked around and wondered what she could possibly have broken in a landscape which consisted entirely of rubble. 
“I don’t understand!”
“You broke it and now it’s going to change. We lived here forever and managed to keep ‘here’ stable and now you show up and in only a few short years everything is upside down!”
‘YEARS?!’ Gwen thought, instantly drenched in cold sweat. ‘I’ve been here for years? How is that even possible?’
“How indeed!” No. 6 intervened, morose. “You do not know how you irritate me with this devastating lack of awareness.”
“Leave her be, No. 6,” No. 4 came to her rescue. “Don’t you want to emerge from this hell?”
“To what? An even worse hell?” No. 6 retorted.
“No. 4 might actually have a point,” No. 1 mused. “This version of awakening is not exactly what we were hoping for when we started the quest.”
“Speak for yourself,” No. 8 frowned. 
“Everybody stop!” Gwen raised her voice above the argument, surprised at her own brazenness. “What did I break?”
“Why, reality, of course!” No. 6 deigned to answer while all the others rolled their eyes, exasperated.
‘You’re all crazy,’ Gwen had a sudden revelation. ‘You’re all crazy and I’m enabling you.’ 
“I am not crazy; my reality is just different from yours."[8]Don’t you dare psychobabble me, young lady!” No. 3 replied, offended. “I was reading Lewis Carrol when you were but a glimmer in your father’s eye!”
‘Well,’ she thought, ‘at least he didn’t serve this to me in ancient Greek.’
“Oh, I’ll explain it to you in Greek if you want!”
“Αρχάς είναι των όλων ατόμους και κενόν, τα δ’ άλλα πάντα νενομίσθαι."[9] You looked at it.”
“Huh?”
“It’s uncanny how little polish your education cast on your language skills. Huh? After four years of college? Studying literature of all things? What I meant is you gazed upon reality and in the process altered its fabric.”
“Its fabric is not a matter of opinion,” Gwen replied, appalled. “And certainly not mine!”
“Oh, how I wish that were true…” No. 6 responded, sorrowful.
“That makes no sense at all!” Gwen continued defending herself in this surreal moral indictment, feeling guilty even as she spoke for no logical reason she could muster. “If that were the case, the world would have ceased to exist a long time ago! There were literally armies of scientists and philosophers all throughout history who did nothing but snoop behind the surface of reality and spill out its secrets and we’re all still here!” She paused and looked into the distance at the gloomy cloud which was still pinned to the horizon; it hadn’t moved or changed at all since the beginning of the discussion, she noticed, as if it had been frozen in place and time. “Wherever here is.”
“You’re making my point for me,” No. 6 wrapped up his mournful argument.
Some of the grief in his voice made its way into Gwen’s psyche and she felt the loss of reality, even as she was staring straight at it, at least of the loss of the reality she had been sure of, the reality of college graduations and searching for meaning and having a self and planning for one’s future. 
Once you peek behind the veil to see the inner workings of Being, It will not allow you to close it back again.
But that made no sense at all! Who was she to do this, when the best minds humanity produced throughout the centuries, all filled with knowledge and wisdom, had struggled with reality and its meaning without putting a single dent in its hard shell? She was nobody, well, at least now, when she had to assume her loved ones had reached the last stage of grief and finally accepted her disappearance from their world. Most of them probably believed she was dead and moved on, and the others held her in their memories in that surreal ageless state our brains reserve for missing persons. 
If this place was real, and if she’d been here for years, she didn’t age a day, at least as far as she could tell. 
Another unorthodox thought crossed her mind, preemptively stirring outrage in No. 6’s mind, who could see even more seeds of chaos and doom sprouting, to whisper to her that maybe time passed differently in this place, if it passed at all. 
“Don’t flatter yourself,” No. 1 flattened her emerging hubris. “All those you thought of did shape reality too. They were just smarter and more educated than you. There is nothing more dangerous than a little knowledge; it’s an all-or-nothing pursuit, knowledge, I’m afraid.”
“I don’t even understand what you’re talking about!” Gwen replied, distraught
“Once, I saw a bee drown in honey, and I understood."[10] No. 3 whispered, as if from a very far place only he could inhabit. “I fear for you, Gwen. I fear you will lose yourself in this place. You were not ready for it.”
“Nonsense!” No. 1 replied, outraged. “Nobody is ready for it! You weren’t ready for it, neither was I. What makes us the deciding authority? We’re all fumbling in the dark, each in our own way. Besides, being she’s already here, your argument is utterly illogical. Unless you turn back time and alter her plans to exclude her trip to the wilderness,” he turned to Gwen with a befuddled look on his face, “for the life of me I can’t imagine the reasoning behind your exploratory desert walk,” before he continued, “this is already a moot point. Now that she’s no better or worse than either of us, why don’t we start with what is, instead of what should have been?”
“And that would mean what, pray tell?” No. 3 felt slighted.
“Well, for instance, the whole panic attack was unwarranted, seeing how, since it’s four o’clock on Tuesday, it was actually supposed to rain.” No. 1 explained. 
“Nothing changed, other than one’s mind getting turned around in one’s perception of time. There is a very simple psychiatric explanation for that, you know.”
“How dare you!” No. 3 jumped to his feet, with a martial look in his eyes.
“Everybody calm down, please,” No. 4 restored the peace. “No. 1 is right, it is Tuesday. That comes to prove how you can’t see truth anymore through the plethora of interpretations thereof. Besides, when did it become a natural law that it only rains on Tuesdays? Nobody ever said it can only rain on Tuesday, it was just an empirical observation. Maybe it can rain every day.”
“Take that back immediately!” No. 6 insisted, with a tone that put a shiver through the spine.
“I refuse to defer to this superstitious nonsense. We’re not altering spacetime, we’re just seeing it better for the first time. What we see is what’s actually there. Not being able to perceive it before didn’t make it safer. When you see something that doesn’t concur with science, you must revisit the science, not your own observation. We developed senses for a reason: if you see something happen, it’s possible.”
“I agree with you, but you still need confirmation from your other senses as well as, ideally, from other people. Speaking of psychiatry,” he turned to No. 1, peeved.
“What would it take for you to accept something as a real, natural occurrence?” No. 4 got suddenly interested.
“I just stated it.”
“Gamma rays are real and naturally occurring,” No. 4 offered, “and not verifiable by sensory perception or social proof.”
“I’d say you’ll know if they’re there soon enough,” No. 6 retorted.
“But you know this, whatever this is, is here too, otherwise we wouldn’t be talking about it. Just because you don’t understand the cause, it doesn’t make it any less real.” He turned towards Gwen and hit the table with the spoon he was holding in his hand. “Wake up!”
Gwen startled, a little confused about her surroundings because of the sudden awakening, and it took her a moment to get reality back into focus.
“How could you possibly fall asleep during what, I must say, was a riveting discussion about the nature of reality and the boundaries of consciousness?”
He looked genuinely offended, so Gwen looked down, embarrassed, trying to make herself inconspicuous.
“No, really, where are you going to hide in here?” No. 1 asked a rhetorical question. “Your lack of true understanding is very sad at this point.”
“Please enlighten us,” No. 4 asked No. 1 to explain himself, eagerly joined by No. 6, who was still holding a grudge. 
No. 1 turned to Gwen.
“Who are you? And I don’t want to hear your vital statistics. Who are you, really?”
“What do you mean?”
“Are you me?”
“Of course I’m not you!”
“Are you sure? How can you be sure? How can you be sure that I’m not you, and they’re not you, that all of this is not you? And if I’m you, where are you going to hide your embarrassment?”
“In her unconscious,” No. 6 laughed out loud. “He does have a point, although I must confess, that’s one of the craziest propositions I heard in a long time. What you’re offering is impossible outside the sphere of a metaphysical reality, which I know you don’t think exists, and you’re employing clever debate techniques to hide the fact you can’t seriously believe the merits of the philosophical problem you just laid out!”
”Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast."[11]

Intermission

“Where are we on Act II?”
“We’re still considering options.”
“Do I need to remind you it’s two months to curtain? What options? We need Act II!”
“And do I have splendid news for you! We opened it to the public and sponsored a contest, which was very well received. We have thousands of scenarios! I’m telling you we should do this more often.”
“You opened it to the public!” The director got instantly aggravated. “So every Tom, Dick and Harry can opine? What for do I need you, then?”
“Don’t get upset,” the playwright didn’t react. He’d been working with the director for a long time and knew the latter could be a bit of a primadonna. It didn’t phase him. “We have to stay with the times. Have you seen the social media trends? Everybody is into live, interactive content now.”
“God forbid we’d have professional standards!” The director was on a roll. “Call aunt Millie! I’m sure she has a story. We’ll make a movie!”
“You know it’s not like that,” the playwright defended his argument. “We need passion, fresh thinking, different perspectives.”
“99% of which, I’m sure, are undiluted crap,” the director started fuming. “Throw it all out, and I want an Act II by the end of the day. Or a different playwright. Either will do.”
The playwright was unflappable.
“What about the remaining 1%? That little spark of extraordinary that’s pure inspiration?”
“Good luck with that! Why don’t you sort through that mountain of debris to get me a precious gem and I’ll be the judge of whether or not it was worth the effort. You are wasting my time, and the cast’s time, and endangering the production with your so called artistic vision. You are here to write, not be the judge on America’s Got Talent.”
“Please, if you would just take a look… “
“I’m not wasting a single second on that garbage! Sort through it and give me the cliff notes on potentials.”
“I’ve already done that,” the playwright spoke, relieved. “I can give you the ten stories I selected, and if you don’t like them, we can find more.”
“So you’re just going to choose a random person from nowhere to decide Gwen’s and the numbers’ lives for them.”
“They’re fictional characters in a play!”
“Sure, Dr. Live Interactive Content! They’re fictional characters! Where is your professional ethics?”
A horrible realization dawned on the director and he turned an icy gaze towards the playwright, one that didn’t bode well.
“Did you send Act I to every loser in the land with writing aspirations?”
“Well,” the playwright scratched his head, “I kind of had to, you know? How else were they to come up with decent fan fiction?”
“So, you sent our content out before curtain??!” the director yelled at the top of his lungs. “Do you know how hard is to keep anything out of the press? Why would anybody come see the play then, if you broadcast it on every public channel available two months in advance? Did we get comments?”
“Aah…,” the playwright scratched his head again. “I wouldn’t read those if I were you.”
“That’s it!” The director finally snapped. “I’ll put up with this outrage because I’m desperate and trying to salvage whatever is left of this production, but if a miracle happens and I find a decent story to pull the second act out of the fire, its writer is going to be your replacement. I’m done with your diva behavior!”
“We were looking for the solution in the wrong place this entire time!” The director defended his vision. “It is the role of communication to allow the flow of information in a group, and it is the role of art is to make things happen by expressing the spirit of the group.”
“Did you hear what I said? I want those stories on my desk and you out of my sight!”
The playwright shrugged as he watched the director leave. They’d been working together for a long time and every play went through the firing phase at some point. He had stopped devoting energy to that worry and decided to save it for when it was warranted.
So, he had sold the interactive play story. What a victory! If it were for the director, they’d be all still stuck with Victorian theater, not that there was anything wrong with it. The actors were bored senseless. Everybody wanted something new, something fresh, current, dynamic! What for was he indeed! The director should thank his lucky stars for having someone like him, with creative vision and the finger on the pulse of the audience!
He was pleased and made a note to self to run through some backup stories, just in case; if he knew the director, the latter would throw his choices back at his head just on principle and out of spite for losing the artistic battle.
He wasn’t worried.
The well of those almost plausible stories had no bottom: maybe she went back in time, maybe they were the only people on earth, maybe she was already dead, maybe she had fallen asleep on the bus, maybe she was in some lab, subjected to a potent psychedelic, dreaming up a reality that wasn’t there, maybe she was every person there.
‘Poor Gwen,’ he thought. ‘Fated to have complete strangers with no qualifications write her life story for her.’
Now that was drama, worthy of Greek Tragedy! Where were the glory days or real theater?
He sighed.
It occurred to him this would make an excellent story, one he could have written himself if his professional standards didn’t require him to stay out of the storytelling pool. One had to remain true to one’s artistic vision.
He wished he had the time to ask the actors for feedback, their talent was off the charts and many a time had they provided him with brilliant insight, but “Gwen” had given him a poisonous stare at the end of a grueling 12 hour rehearsal and he didn’t want to push it. It was bad enough they didn’t have an ending to the play. He didn’t want to risk the cast quitting two weeks before curtain.
Why were people so resistant to new things, he engaged in a sullen soliloquy? If it were for the average spectator, nothing would ever change, no spark, no breakthrough, no nothing! Just churning the same tired stuff until the mind went numb!
He paused to admit he had to chew through a lot of garbage to find those pearls he had sold to the director. A lot of garbage. Turns out the average person was not that creative.
He sighed, weighed down by his martyrdom. His lot in life was a lot heavier than people knew.
His true vision, which had turned him into a man obsessed for quite some time, was to open the audience to the freedom of endless interpretations, birthing a host of overlapping, simultaneous realities, none more valid than the other. Now that was avant-garde! Oh, how he wished he could sell that to the director, but he was on very thin ice as it was and there wasn’t enough time left.
But he had to do it! Art before everything! It was his duty, his purpose, to bring a new vision to his chosen medium of expression. It would be hard, but nothing worth doing is easy. He’ll give the director’s ire a few days to mellow out before presenting him with the bigger picture. 
“Where are my stories??!” the director yelled at the top of his lungs.
“I put them on your desk, like you asked,” he replied with perfect poise, like the previous discussion never touched a single one of his emotions.

Act II

First Story

“Do you believe her?” Jen whispered to Ted, eyeing the young woman with the gaze of a skeptic. She’d been a ranger for fifteen years, and during this time she’d heard her share of tall tales, although, she had to admit, not one that could hold a candle to this gals’. 
Really? That was the best lie the woman could come up with? That she got lost in the desert and spent an untold number of years living with a mysterious philosopher colony? 
Even as feral as she looked, with matted hair and dressed in dubious rags, there was no way their rescue had spent more than a week in any place lacking the trappings of civilization: she didn’t look malnourished, had no signs of physical trauma and, honestly, she didn’t look old enough to have spent many years anywhere, not to mention the wilderness.
Jen was so irritated by these entitled attention seeking brats who tried to make themselves look interesting by putting their lives, and through her professional obligations, hers, in harm’s way. 
She was of half a mind to show this airhead what real hardship looked like, since goodness knows, she’d had her share. 
This unfortunate youth’s predicament was nothing an actual job and a decent attire couldn’t fix, that’s for sure. 
She looked at her wilderness rescue again. What kind of irresponsible nut goes out into the desert in that outfit? No boots, no sleeves, no hat. She would have been dead within a week if she weren’t lying through her teeth.
The thought the young woman, who was sniffling sheepishly, wrapped in a space blanket, barely managing to nibble on her sandwich between sobs, may have escaped from a mental institution somewhere nearby softened her ire, but the girl didn’t seem incoherent enough to validate that possibility. 
‘It takes all sorts,’ Jen thought. What did she know about mental illness, even if she religiously attended the periodic training seminars offered at the station? Maybe the girl was the kind of crazy one didn’t get at first glance. What did they call them, histrionics, pathological liars? Because she was certain any word that came out of that girl’s mouth was a lie, the only question was if the latter was aware of it or not. 
Kindness won in the end and she approached her charge, who was now sitting in the back of the rescue vehicle with her legs hanging out, staring into the distance with a forlorn expression.
“What’s your name, hon?”
“Gwen.”
“Gwen what?”
The girl looked at her with genuine panic.
“You don’t remember?” Jen asked.
Gwen shook her head in dismay.
‘Drama queen,’ Jen thought. ‘You’d do anything to get attention, wouldn’t you?’ 
She continued, taming down the tone of her voice so she wouldn’t sound too harsh.
“What’s the last thing you remember?”
“Oh, I remember everything,” Gwen smiled, and the light in her eyes was so out of sync with her disheveled appearance, it made the lady ranger a little unsure of her judgment. 
She didn’t like feeling like that; she was very self-assured, especially after the school of hard knocks had taught her the damsel in distress routine does nothing for a lonely woman, other than draw all the jackals from miles around to feast on her weakness. 
‘Maybe she really is off, poor thing,’ she thought. How on earth did she make it here alive? They were deep in the middle of nowhere, in a place that even for a trained ranger like her, who drove to it with provisions, blankets and means of communication, felt alien and dangerous.
“Oh, yeah?” She tried a light-hearted approach. “Like what?”
“The stars,” Gwen smiled. “The stars look very close at night in the desert. There are so many of them, you can see every single one, you know?” Gwen got all excited. “It feels like you can reach out and touch them!”
‘Definitely dehydrated. Conduct a drug test as soon as feasible.’ Jen made a note to self, but continued to play along. “Do you often go out into the desert at night?”
“Occasionally,” Gwen nodded. “When the moon is out, otherwise it’s too dangerous, you know? It gets very hard to see.”
‘I bet.’ Jen bit her tongue, trying not to get irritated again. She blamed the parents, of course. How old was this girl? Twenty-four? Twenty-five? What kind of upbringing lands one stranded in the desert like this, in dire need of rescue? 
She couldn’t stand airheads, on principle, because they made her job so much harder and she would have preferred to save her effort for the sensible and responsible folks who were worth saving. 
It was one thing to give someone a helping hand during terrible circumstances, but she had no patience for self-inflicted wounds. She decided the conversation wasn’t worth her time.
“Listen, hon, I’m going to leave you with Ted here. He’s good people, he’ll take care of you. We’re going to do a quick checkup on you when we get back to town, but is there any place you want us to take you after that?”
“Can you take me back to the house, please? I’m sure No. 4 is worried about me. He must have noticed by now nobody gathered the eggs.”
“No. 4?”
“Yes.”
“You mean you weren’t there alone?” Jen snapped to attention. “How many of you were there?”
“Eight, altogether. Me and the seven numbers.”
“Do any of them have real names?” 
Gwen stared blankly, as if she didn’t understand the question.
‘Crazy as a loon,’ Jen sighed. She clicked her two-way radio to communicate to the station the girl was going to need a psych eval.
Ted offered Gwen another snack, trying to put her at ease so he could get her to open up. He loved Jen, don’t get him wrong, but the latter could be denser than fiber board sometimes. Couldn’t she see the poor girl was trying to tell them something? Who knows what ordeal the eight of them had gone through? Nobody would stay sane, not here, not for that long. If there were more people stranded, he was eager to find them and get them to safety.
“What if she’d escaped from a cult?” Jen interjected a brash comment. “Have you thought about that before you decided to run to the rescue of those degenerates, whatever they may be up to? Seven men and one girl? Disgusting!”
“Have you been hurt, my dear?” He asked Gwen in a gentle, almost imperceptible tone which reminded her of No. 4’s kindness. She was taken aback by the unexpected question and got lost in thought, trying to regain her bearings, until she finally shook off the daze and answered.
“Hurt? No, no, of course not. We should go find them. I never should have left without letting them know, but we never hoped to find civilization again, they will be beyond themselves with joy to learn I found a way out. Come!” She got up, energized by the sandwich and the candy bar, thinking of all the times she imagined eating chocolate again and how it didn’t taste as good as it did in her dreams. 
“Where do you think you’re going, young lady?” Ted rushed behind her, adjusting his aching back as he chased after her, cussing under his breath that he still got to chase the crazies in his old age. He had been up for retirement for a few years, but nobody seemed eager to replace him, so he begrudgingly stayed on.
‘What if she’s right?’ He thought as he grunted up the hill to keep up with the girl, while Jen followed them not far behind, steaming and hissing in outrage like a teakettle.
“Grab her and get her back here, Ted! We will not have our bones bleach out in this godforsaken desert to feed the buzzards!”
Ted hesitated, torn between his self-preservation instinct and the desire to render help that sprung from the very core of his personality, and in his moment of confusion Gwen put too much distance between herself and the team for them to grab her.
“It’s right here,” she raised her voice over the rocks, gleefully. “Right past these boulders!”
“Ted, you get back here now! She’s going to get you killed too! Who knows what’s crawling under those rocks? Ted!”
He gestured no, irate, and continued grunting up the hill, churning things in his mind that will remain unmentioned, and determined to give the girl a firm talking to once he caught up with her.
He looked around the boulder, somewhat expecting to see the house, or whatever their charge called the house, and was surprised by discovery, which should have been obvious to any rational being, that there was nothing there. 
Gwen was standing in the arid landscape, punctuated by cacti, dried vegetation and rocks, sobbing uncontrollably, in despair, and repeating like a broken doll “I never should have left them, I never should have left them,” while Jen and Ted grabbed one arm each and were now gently pushing her back to the landrover, praying quietly to not get lost on their way back to it.
Ted looked down, embarrassed for being so gullible, while Jen darted looks in his direction so sharp they could pierce leather.
“How many times do I have to tell you not to take these people seriously?” She asked him, eventually, unable to hold her tongue. “They’re going to be the death of you one day, mark my words! Venturing out in this heat at your age!”
“Can’t leave people stranded, Jen!”
“Oh, you mean the number people? Who are they, No. 1, No. 2…”
“No No.2,” Gwen whispered softly. “For obvious reasons…”
“Naturally,” Jen snapped. “Listen, hon, I’m all for rescuing people and stuff, but I don’t like the druggies. When we find your parents, they’re going to have to pay your fine! You’re wasting public resources, what if we were needed somewhere else?” She continued ranting.
‘Who in the world would be more in need of us than a disturbed young woman lost in the desert with no food or water, miles from nowhere in all directions?’ Ted asked himself, quietly as not to fan Jen’s flames of wrath.
“I never should have left them! I never should have left them! It’s not fair!” Gwen kept mumbling.
“Yeah, hurry up,” Jen rushed her. “We don’t want to get stranded here at night!” 
The latter was starting to regain her sense of humor a bit once she could see the vehicle. Dangerous lunatic! Maybe some people were not worth saving.
“Any longer and we might join your cult too, ‘cause we won’t be able to find our way back to town. I’m not even sure the GPS works so far out into the wilderness. What in places were you thinking?”
“I never should have left them,” Gwen kept sobbing.
“Left who, the ‘numbers’?” Jen asked, getting more and more frustrated. The girl was obviously not in touch with reality, one could tell just by looking at her, she had this spaced-out gaze that gave her the creeps.
„Ich lebe in meinen Träumen – das spürt man. Andere Menschen leben in Träumen, aber nicht in ihren eigenen."[12] Gwen whispered.
“Is that German, hon?” Jen asked, absentminded, and picked up the pace, looking at the sun setting on the horizon. She was too worried to give the crazy speaking in tongues a piece of her mind. There would be plenty of time to deal with her later, at the station, where they were safe.
“You think she’s losing it?” Ted whispered, concerned. “What are we going to do with her if she throws a fit in the car? Did you bring the emergency kit?”
“Who do you take me for? You know I never go out into the field unprepared!” Jen replied, offended.
“I never should have left them,” Gwen whispered.
They were almost at the car when Jen’s patience cracked beyond repair.
“Oh, you want to go back, then? Go on! Get back to your cacti! See if I care!” She let go of Gwen’s arm and pushed her away, angrily, as the sun disappeared behind the horizon. 
Darkness fell upon them suddenly, a black velvet sky studded by a million stars that wrapped itself around their bodies like a blanket.
“Thanks a lot, now we have to camp out here for the night!” Jen threw her a poisonous glance and then prompted Ted to gather brush for the fire. It was getting cold.
Everyone grew deadly quiet, their ears instinctively tuned into every swish in the brush and every snapped twig. 
Even their breaths quieted down below the threshold of hearing. 
The sounds of the desert took over, indifferent to their presence, as nature usually is to the humans’ exaggerated sense of self-importance, content to experience our fleeting existence from a much broader and less flustered perspective. 
For a second Gwen thought she could hear fragments of a theatrical performance and muffled laughter, and the crackling of a campfire, and then the wind swept them away and mingled them with the sounds of the crickets, before the desert went completely quiet. 
She reached into her pocket without thinking and pulled out a little piece of bread, the bread from the cupboard, one of the axioms of reality as postulated by the numbers. 
She wanted to wake up the two and show them, show them she was not crazy, and tell them about how the bread just showed up in the cupboard each morning, and then had enough sense to realize having a piece of bread in one’s pocket meant nothing, just one more thing that made her incompatible with normality, with that world out there she’d left she didn’t even remember when with nary a thought, unaware it would be impossible for her to rejoin it. 
“It’s not fair!” 
She ate the bread and sobbed, desperately trying to regain access to that mental universe its taste reminded her of, wretched at the thought of reality, cold, dull and falling on her head in weirdly shaped brick filled chunks of ugly prose.
She got up, quiet as a mouse, and started on the trail that bent behind the boulder, hesitating briefly before she turned the corner, eyes closed tightly as to deny reality its cruel proof the house wasn’t there.

Second Story

The smoke was so thick Gwen couldn’t gather herself enough to understand where she was at first. She could feel the gentle touch of her guide’s hands on her shoulders, but she was still deep inside an inner world she couldn’t bear to leave.
The contours of the house, so familiar to her by now, began to dissolve, putting her into a deep panic, no doubt enhanced by the effects of her ‘traveling’ tea.
“Gwen,” a voice as if from very far away enticed her, “you have to come back now, return to your life, to those who need you.”
‘Who is this and what on earth is he talking about?’ Gwen tried to gather herself. ‘This is my life,’ she watched, with increasing anxiety, how the thick walls of the house kept melting and morphing and changing colors.
‘I’m high,’ she thought, calm. ‘I must have ingested some of that toxic looking green brew somehow,’ she continued her musing, aggravated her psychedelic experience was so humdrum.
“Listen to my voice, Gwen,” the discarnate voice insisted. “Find the door. Look for the door.”
“What door?” Gwen frowned.
“Do you see anything that looks like a door, a passageway?”
“The house door,” she looked around, still dazed by the reality pulsating in waves all around her.
“No. The door to the outside.”
“The outside of what?” She blurted, confused.
“Your quest. Find your way back to here.”
“I am here.”
“I know you feel like that, but you are not. You are not where you think you are. Sometimes you go so deep inside yourself, you have difficulty finding your way out. Finish your quest. Find the door.”
She didn’t recognize this voice, she noted. It didn’t belong to any of the numbers, for sure, and yet sounded very familiar, like that of a person she’d known for many lifetimes.
“Do I know you?”
“Yes,” he replied, and the timber of his voice revealed his bemusement. “Very well. Do you see it?”
“No.”
“Maybe you should try going outside, look for it there.”
“In the desert?”
“In the desert.”
“Can I get some bread for the journey?”
“Gwen, listen to me carefully: there is no bread; there is no house. You are inside your vision quest. You’ve been in it too long and it’s very important for you to get out. Find the door.”
Gwen opened the cupboard and stared at the bread loaf, which was too tempting to resist. She tore a piece before she made for the door. A sigh of disapproval accompanied her dissent.
“How could you possibly know?” She protested.
“It doesn’t matter. I’m your guide, I just know. Can you please stop wasting time?”
“But I don’t want to leave! I like it here!”
“Yes, I’m afraid that’s exactly what the problem is. Quests can beguile you to such a degree you won’t want to leave, but that place is a landscape in your mind, Gwen. It isn’t real. You can go back to it whenever you wish, and your friends, do you hear me? The numbers? They are actual people, they are right here with me, all you have to do is find the door out, so you can meet them.”
“Did I know them before?”
“No, you never did. Don’t you want to, though? Can you hear them, Gwen? Can you hear me?”
“I can see it, the exit. It’s at the end of the white pebble path. I can’t walk on the white pebble path, No. 1 will be furious!”
“No, he won’t. He’s right here, and he assured me he wants you to walk on it and through the door, just go.”
“Can he tell me himself?”
“You can’t hear him from that side. Just trust me it’s ok and come on out.”
As Gwen walked the white pebble path, the surrounding smoke started dissipating, revealing the dark eyes, the aquiline nose and the high cheekbones of her guide. 
She could read concern in his eyes, concern and relief, and a bit of awkwardness.
She looked at the unfamiliar surroundings, anxious there were other people there, but none that she knew, and certainly none of the numbers.
“Where are they?” She fretted. “You promised they’d be here. Where are they?”
“I’m so sorry, Gwen. Sometimes when you’re lost in a quest, the guide has to do whatever it is in his or her power to convince you to get out. Even lie to you, if that’s what it takes to bring your soul back. That must have been quite a trip!”
“But this is not my life! Are you sure this is real?”
“It’s as real as anything, Gwen.”
“Say you! Last thing I remember I was walking down the freeway from Sedona to the Village of Oak Creek.”
“And that sounds like something you might have done while awake?”
“You mean that wasn’t real?”
“Go back.”
“Sedona?”
“Even farther back.”
“Do you mean to tell me I never left Anaheim?”
“You never lived in Anaheim, Gwen. You’re in Los Angeles.”
“What am I doing in LA?”
“You just finished college, remember? Literature?”
“Did I study German?”
Her guide shook his head.
“Greek?”
“No.”
“Weird.”
“That must have been quite a trip. Write a story about it sometime.”
“Maybe,” Gwen pondered. “Or maybe I should visit it. It just seemed too real not to exist. What if it’s out there in the desert, just waiting for me to find it?”
“Maybe it’s real,” the guide sketched an ironic smile. “Or maybe it was, or will be. You never know how spirit travel works. Its time is not our time. You felt like you’d been there for years, didn’t you?”
“Not exactly. I’ve been told I had been there for years. There is a difference. It felt so real!”
“It is real,” the guide assured her. “Not everything that’s real is here in physical form.”
“I can’t make heads and tails of this story. What does it all mean?”
“You’ll have to sit with it and let it teach you. In time, let it connect to your reality and show you your way. You were looking for an answer, weren’t you?”
“In a way.”
“And what did you find out?”
“I was asking the wrong question.”
“Mh…,” the guide watched her, quietly. “You should never draw conclusions so easily. Let time pass. Let the quest reveal your answer to you. It may come in your dreams. It may come as a flash of recognition. You may just know it. Be patient. Be patient with yourself. Your life will always give you plenty of time to find the answers you seek. You need not rush.”
“But what about the numbers?”
“Your spirit guides?” The teacher laughed. “You’re a strange one. Most of us find an animal totem, an ancestor, a nature spirit. Your philosopher colony must be a first. I’d be honored to meet them. Maybe I will, one day.”
She looked at the Crow man, who sounded familiar, but she couldn’t remember seeing him before. She felt awkward asking, but did anyway.
“Are you sure we’ve met before?”
“You never met me, but I met you. Life is a lot more complicated than you think. It has so many layers, realms of being, we all live in many worlds. I met you there a long, long time ago, but you don’t remember. Sometimes our wanderings into the spirit realm are shielded from our sight.”
“Why?”
“Who is to know? To protect us? To steer you towards your destiny? Who is to know?”
“So, then, why do you remember me?”
“That is not for you to know, or for me to share.”
The guide got up and left the tent, and as he walked through the open flap, his contours melted into thin air as well, and so did all the other people there.
‘You mean to tell me I’ve been here alone the entire time? Am I going insane?’
“Oh, good, you’re awake,” a cheerful woman in bright pink overalls approached her.
“Are you real?” Gwen asked, unsure.
“I sure hope so,” the woman answered. “I’m Gillian.”
She stretched out her arm and shook Gwen’s hand.
“Interesting vision. A school in the desert? Haven’t you had enough classes in college?” Gillian smiled.
‘Apparently not,’ Gwen remembered, harboring a sudden urge to quote wisdom in German. “Hey! How do you know about my vision?” 
“You’ve been talking to yourself. Don’t feel bad, it happens. So, how was it?”
“The vision quest?” Gwen delayed the answer, trying to think of something banal that would put an end to this conversation. 
Her experience, whatever it may have been, was way too real and too intimate to share, even with the closest friends, not to mention a complete stranger, especially after the unexpected encounter with the Crow man, her guide from a different place and time.
What is real? What is real, other than the experiences we store in our memories? They’re only mental processes when they leave the now. They’re no more real than a daydream, and sometimes less accurate in their details.
Gwen made the choice, right then, to dub the numbers real, because they’d been as real to her as any friend had been, as were her interactions with them, and their words, and their wisdom. 
She felt the need to be alone with her thoughts, and the cheerful fuchsia lady was too bright for her current mental state. 
“You can retreat into the garden,” the latter mentioned. “Most people do after a quest. It’s really peaceful there. It will help you gather your thoughts.”
It’d been raining all night, and in the early morning, and as the sun got higher in the sky, it teased out the water from the ground, weaving it in soft wispy clouds that caressed the ground. Gwen laughed at their eerie shapes, which looked like they came out of a stage smoke machine, and maybe they were, who knew, part and parcel of her ‘enhanced’ spiritual experience.
The clouds thinned and parted as she approached the end of an alley, and she just then noticed she was walking on pristine white gravel towards a lookout overseeing the valley. 
She must have seen that gravel before, that her mind had replicated in her vision to the last detail, including a little piece she remembered picking up, because it didn’t fit, which was still laying on the flat stone at the end of the path, just where she had left it in her vision.  It had the strangest color: it looked like a raw red gemstone, or reddish amber.
“I’m not awake, am I? I’m still inside my lucid dream.”
‘It’s all a dream,’ a voice resonated in her head. ‘It’s always been a dream. Make it a good one.’
She thought she recognized the voice, but couldn’t make herself turn around and confirm it.
“Nice way to say hello to your friends,” No. 1 reproached her.
‘Oh, my God, I’m decompensating. I’m going into full mental breakdown now. I knew I shouldn’t have tried that brew. What was I thinking!’
“Stop being unpleasant. I’m not really here. Besides, didn’t you just share you realized you’re not yet awake?”
“What is here?”
“Reality.”
“The real reality?”
“Ah, you noticed. There is more than one reality, and they’re all real. Most of them are not physical though.”
“Is this one?”
“Am I real?”
“No.”
“Are you sure?”
“No.”
“Does it matter?”
“No,” she replied, surprised at the sense of relief which accompanied her observation.
“All experiences are real, they are real to you, whether or not they happened in verifiable fashion. If it’s in your mind, it’s real. There is no significant difference between a daydream and a memory.”
“I’d like very much to come visit the colony again one day, if it is possible.”
“And our door is always open to you.”
Gwen remembered said door, which was in fact only a door frame, complete with the beaded curtain and the thick clouds of pot smoke wafting through it. That door led to a place where the long arm of societal norms couldn’t reach her, to a place where she was truly free. 
She was already missing that place that didn’t exist, but which was just as alive in her memory as her childhood home. She even missed the vulture eggs, although she had to admit their taste was not for the weak willed. Living on a fare of raw eggs of unknown origin and electric eel dried up in the sun would have tested the mettle of even the most rugged survivalist.
She sat at the end of the white gravel path, with No. 1 invisibly beside her. 
They sat in silence for a long time, with Gwen pretending she was meditating while her mind was running movie after movie of happy memories that never really happened.
Eventually No. 1 grew impatient and broke the silence.
“So, I understand you underwent this quest because you were searching for something. Spiritual guidance, an answer. I’m curious: did you find what you were looking for?”
“No, but I found something better. How many people are privileged to get lost and find a world? Besides, it wasn’t important. After all, as you said, we’re not really here.”

Third Story

“What was that?” Gwen lost her footing, surprised as she was by the unexpected appearance.
“Just keep walking, you’ll be fine,” No. 7’s usual rotten mood soured further, if that were even possible.
Gwen didn’t want to get him started and have to listen to hours and hours of ranting about idiocy generously seasoned with phrases in languages she didn’t understand, but the sight, if real, was too shocking to leave unanswered.
“If I didn’t know any better, I swear I saw…”
“Oh, shut up, will you?” No. 7 turned around, with his usual curmudgeon persona proudly on display. “Let me guess: you think you saw an alien,” he mocked, mercilessly. “Boo-hoo!”
“How did you…”
“Oh, shut up!” No. 7 continued his sulking, walking a few steps ahead.
“But…” Gwen insisted.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” he cut the conversation short. “Make yourself useful, if you’re capable, and fill the flask, will you?”
They were at the tequila barrel, whose contents benefited from unusually warm weather and turned up an alcoholic content worthy of bragging rights. 
“Here’s another one!” Gwen pointed to a rock nearby, from behind which a weird-looking creature’s eyes gleamed in the afternoon sun.
“Yes, they’re everywhere. It was too good to last, wasn’t it? Them leaving us alone!”
“Who… what… how…” Gwen mumbled incoherently, not sure which question to ask first. “How could you not tell me? Are they evil?”
"Πολλά τα δεινά κουδέν ανθρώπου δεινότερον πέλει."[13]
“How long have they been here?”
“There’s nothing worse than people who think they know what they‘re talking about. They’ve been here forever, ok? You have not. We’re in a zoo. They picked us up one by one, and it’s getting uncomfortably crowded. You’d think they’d build us an extra cage, but no… ”
He looked at Gwen, irked she couldn’t compose herself enough to utter a sentence in response.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought! While you’re still quiet, you’re not on Earth, literary genius! God, I hate stupid people!”
The situation seemed so dire, Gwen didn’t even consider getting offended, while panic built up to threatening levels in her cardiovascular system, and the only thing she could think to ask was why.
“So far they only picked up the smart’ems, although they seem to have made an exception in your case,” he stated matter of fact, and then reconsidered and continued. “Maybe they wanted to learn what the brains of females were like and you’re the best they could come up with on short notice.”
“Where is here?”
“Damn if I know!” No. 7 continued, morose. “Too far to tell, that’s for sure. If you nursed any hope to see your home again, now would be a good time to lay it to rest.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, judging by the stellar configurations, which you didn’t have enough scientific curiosity to study, we’re beyond the boundaries of our visible universe. I can’t recognize anything.”
He paused, throwing dirty looks towards the alien behind the rock, who was still gawking at them in a way that gave him the creeps.
“At first I thought they brought us here to colonize the planet, oh, wipe that shocked look off your face, they multiply by cloning, I think they’re still waiting for our lot to undergo mitosis, not as smart as you’d think, I’m afraid, but the reality is a lot more depressing: we’re part of their living entities collection, here to satisfy their curiosity. Their young are the worst. Like that little creep over the boulder, they’ll stare at you with their beady little eyes until you get a headache. Other than that, they never tried to harm us. They just stare. ”
“How could you not tell me?” Gwen blurted, shocked.
“And what good did that do you? We tried to make you understand there is no leaving here, but you’re too pigheaded to listen to anybody, aren’t you?”
They were already at the camp when No. 6 caught up with them.
“Did you tell her?” He pulled No. 7 aside.
“She saw one, I had to.”
“How did she take it?”
“You be the judge of that. She’s over there, mumbling incoherently.” He looked in Gwen’s direction and got instantly aggravated. “Don’t tell me you’re praying over it! Stop that nonsense this very instant!”
“Leave her be, No. 7,” No. 6 tried to appease him. “There will be plenty of time for that later. So, they’re back, eh?”
No. 7 nodded, looking down to avoid anyone looking him in the eye to see his pain.
“Do you ever wonder what these disappearing and reappearing acts are all about?”
“Only all the time. Maybe they’re trying to figure out if we understand the concept of object permanence. I’m going to miss the theater! Last time they showed up, they didn’t leave for two years!”
“I think we should ignore them and go about our lives, such as they are.”
“Only No. 1 can do that, sit on his gravel path in a peaceful pose, oblivious to the world while they circle around him like vultures around a fresh meal. I can’t. I can only live free.” His face darkened, and he took another generous gulp from his flask. “We should thank our lucky stars these alien smooth brains reasoned the desert around Sedona was our natural habitat and brought agave. And pot. And mushrooms. Hm… Come to think of it, that doesn’t sound accidental, does it?”
“Yeah, the eggs are the worst,” No. 6 shuddered. “The chickens are mostly ornamental, of course. Do you ever wonder what creatures lay our regular meal fare? At least three different kinds that I could make out. Surprisingly devoid of unfortunate side effects, those eggs, this biosphere’s biology must be very similar to ours. At least as far as its chemical composition is concerned.”
“What makes you think the creatures who laid the eggs are from this planet? They brought us over from the other side of the universe, didn’t they?”
They stopped talking, weighed down by the burden of their common predicament, and threw a glance in Gwen’s direction. She was still sitting in a prayerful pose, but had stopped mumbling.
“I’ll go talk to her,” No. 6 offered, to No. 7’s great relief. He’d never been good with kids.
“Gwen?” he asked gently.
“How could you not tell me?” She looked at him with deep hurt in her eyes.
“Would you have believed me if I did?” He explained himself. “Why, only last week you wanted to take another trip across the desert alone, like in that classic definition of insanity. Don’t you think if there was any way out of here, we’d have discovered it by now? Stop believing in fairytales. The good guys seldom win.”
“So, what am I supposed to do now that my whole life is gone?”
“I don’t know. Adapt. Try to learn and invent new things. Make art. Whatever humans always did throughout civilization.”
“What would be the point of that if, as you say, we’re in a zoo! What is the point of creating anything that can be taken away at any point?”
“Why do you think we chose theater? And philosophy? And poetry? And science?” He encouraged her. “Nobody can take away your experiences and your thoughts.” He pondered on the truth of his statement. “At least I hope not. I’m really not sure what these creatures are capable of, but let’s stay with that belief, shall we?”
“How about God?”
“Are you a religious person, my dear?”
“Didn’t use to be,” she sobbed.
“Whatever comforts you. Personally, I choose to celebrate the most beautiful things our civilization accomplished and carry them with me in their entirety, even in the most dire of circumstances. I choose to represent our race.”
“Do you think they care?”
“I can’t tell if they figured out we were sentient, or whether their concept of sentience bears any resemblance to ours. It doesn’t matter much, really. In the beginning, we attempted to make contact, but they behave as if whatever we do doesn’t matter, like we’d watch a swarm of flies in chaotic motion. I’m starting to believe we’ll never interact, but one never knows, does one?”
“What’s outside our habitat?”
“We traveled as far as we could without endangering our lives. It all looks the same as here. Maybe that’s what this planet looks like. They picked an Earth twin, obviously,” he pointed to the sun. “The resemblance is uncanny, isn’t it?”
This simple gesture reoriented Gwen’s entire perspective, and she started getting angry at the numbers for pulling such a childish prank on her, wondering how they built the “alien” when so little material was available to them. 
The little creeper was still gawking at her from behind his rock.
“You go right ahead with your denial. We’ve all been there at some point. Time will take care of sorting the truth from the lies. You don’t have to believe me, just find out for yourself.”
Gwen remembered the surreal beauty of the sunset and the thought of what might have contributed to it left a bitter taste of gull and ashes in her mouth.
“Maybe you should have something to eat,” No. 4, who’d just wandered onto the scene, suggested.
“What? Dragon lizard eggs? Or whatever those are?”
“Vulture; they’re vulture eggs,” No. 4 clarified. “Definitely of Earth provenance. You should enjoy them. I saved you a couple.”
“Thank you. Maybe later.”
“And now you’re like us,” No. 5 interjected a comment. “Are you sure about dismissing our psychedelic brews? They may be your only way out of this hell.”
Gwen’s grief exploded in uncontrollable bouts of sobs, to No. 4’s indignation.
“Now look what you’ve done! Was it too much to ask for you to leave her alone? She’d learned enough for one day, she doesn’t need to carry your helplessness too.”
“I don’t need to carry it either, but I don’t remember you doting over me!”
“She’s a child!”
“She’s a grown woman. Not my fault she ‘needed to find herself’. If she went on vacation in Cabo instead, like normal people do, she’d still have a life now.”
“Oh, yeah? What normal behavior made you end up here?”
“It’s different! I’m an archeologist. I was on a dig!”
No. 4 abandoned the squabble with an impatient hand gesture. 
“It’s getting late, and it’s Tuesday. We should round up the chickens before it starts raining.”
Gwen jumped to her feet, suddenly energized by the thought of seeing familiar Earth life while drowning in a deluge of contrary emotions: she felt sorry for the chickens, she wanted to protect them; she envied them their lack of awareness and then doubted that fact, all at the same time. What if the chickens were even more scared and depressed than they were, but lacked the means to express it?
“Yep,” No. 5 assessed from the side. “She lost it alright. Now she’s delving into a deontological approach to chicken consciousness.”
That evening, after the chickens were safely inside, Gwen stood in the doorway and watched the downpour in the desert fill the dry beds and replenish the waters of the creek in the valley, and though she was still taken with the mastery of nature, who moved whole systems with its mighty power in order to reestablish their balance, everything looked different now, the rain, the thunderbolts, the thirsty desert life. 
She felt like a traveler without a home, with no place to rest her head.
“Remember that eel?” No. 5 whispered devilishly.
“That wasn’t eel, was it?” Gwen replied.
“For my money, I hope it was great nana Tillie.”
“That is such primal savagery,” No. 1 objected.
“Oh, right, ‘cause that thought never muddied the pristine waters of your civilized mind!”
“I don’t think it was sentient,” Gwen commented, still lost in contemplating the wild beauty of nature, even as it stood all the way over to the other side of the universe. 
If somebody told her a single word, a single image, will literally trigger the end of her world, she wouldn’t have thought it possible, but there it was, the image of the strange looking alien burned into her brain, the tiny pebble which had overturned the entire wagon of her consciousness. 
She was holding a tiny translucent gem in her hand, of a deep red color she’d never seen before, and was fairly confident didn’t happen naturally, but we don’t pay attention to the details that don’t match while we’re busy making our existence fit neatly into its current context. 
While she stared in disbelief at the weird puzzle piece that didn’t fit, an oblong metallic object, washed down the stream by the storm, popped above the water surface, threw up a periscope and oriented it in their direction.
It must have set anchor somewhere in the middle of the creek, because the contraption stopped moving and was now fully focused on observing the group.
Its presence in the wilderness was even more jarring than the aliens’ watching habits. It didn’t fit, somehow, it just looked too high tech for its rugged setting.
Gwen tried her best to ignore it and watched the rain die down into the distance, but couldn’t shake the uncomfortable knowledge the beings out there were constantly watching.
‘No. 7 is right.’ She thought. ‘Definitely creepy.’

Fourth Story

“Ok, class, remember what we talked about, everybody must stay together now, we’re going to visit the archeological dig, you can take pictures for your scrapbook but always stay on the path,” Mr. Deerfield raised his voice above the unruly group who moved around him, agitated, like a tiny Lilliputian army.
‘Breathe, man,’ he told himself, already baking in the unforgiving desert sun. ‘Just breathe. We’re all going to be fine. All you need to do today is bring all the kiddos back home in one piece. She’s crazy, and she’s going to end us all one day,’ he directed a sharp arrow of bitterness in the school principal’s direction, the daring spirit who saw fit, in her infinite wisdom, to send him to this devil’s armpit with eighteen nine-year-olds in tow to gawk at rocks.
“Jack, are you listening?” he raised his voice a bit more to impress on the habitually hyperactive youngster the importance of paying attention to his words. 
The latter looked at him, distracted, making perfectly clear to the teacher his words were wasted on the wind.
The kid had this nonchalant attitude, which, mixed with a natural, casual elegance and a penchant for trouble, always made Mr. Deerfield think of James Bond. Mr. 007 was a handful, that’s for sure.
‘Oh, God,’ the latter sighed, ‘if there ever was a time to seek providential help… Breathe, just breathe, we’re going to be fine, I’m fine, they’re fine, we’re all fine.’ 
As if prompted, the little crowd dispersed in all directions, in ways which made it impossible for him to control, and the teacher’s anxiety turned to despair. 
They crawled and jumped around the old rocks, ignoring any calls for caution or cohesiveness, alone or in groups of two or three, according to their friendships and interests.
“Gwen,” Jack whispered from behind a large boulder. His voice sounded eerie, carried by the wind away from his presence, in almost ventriloquist fashion. “Gwen, come over here. You wouldn’t believe what I found!”
The girl went after him eagerly, since he was the ringleader in all the fun games, and whatever he had found there was definitely worth seeing. 
Past the boulder she was met by the most incredible sight: people in funny looking clothes were chatting and digging and carrying wheelbarrows full of dirt, which they carefully sifted through large flat sieves, excited to find bits and pieces of broken treasure.
“Told you,” Jack whispered, excited. “And they said this dig had been abandoned ten years ago! You can never believe the grown-ups!”
“We have to tell Mr. Deerfield,” Gwen turned around, despite Jacks’ protests, and was stopped in her tracks when he went suddenly quiet. When she turned around, he wasn’t there. 
She moved a little closer to the dig, sure he went there without permission, wondering if she should tell on him and deciding against it, when a bearded man, covered in sweat and dirt from head to toe in the middle of a trench looked at her as if he’d seen a ghost.
“Gwen! Gwen, is that you?” He rushed up the hill towards her, and Gwen got scared, how many times had she been warned about strangers approaching her when she was alone, and this desert encounter checked all the boxes on her danger sheet, so she ran back to her class, to get help from the teacher.
“Mr. Deerfield! Jack and I found a team of people working on the dig. They’re right behind that boulder and Jack must be with them. Can you please come with me so we can find him?”
“Gwen, come here.”
“But Mr. Deerfield!”
“Sit down, please.”
She reluctantly obeyed and sat on a flat rock that was right next to her.
“How many times did we talk about the fact it’s not ok to make up and talk about things that aren’t real?”
“Mr. Deerfield, don’t you understand? Jack is with them. We need to find him!” She jumped to her feet and dragged him by the hand all the way to the boulder, only to see, in her dismay, that there was nobody there, the dig had obviously been abandoned for many years. 
“Jack!” she yelled over the landscape. “Jack, where are you?”
Mr. Deerfield started to get irritated by this childish fancy and decided to nip this nonsense in the bud and with as little commentary as possible.
“You’re too old for imaginary friends, Gwen. It’s getting late, we have to go back,” he sighed a sigh of relief, counting the youngsters and finding all seventeen of them. ‘Thank God nothing bad happened! I’m so mad about the mere idea of this trip, I can’t even see straight. Oh, she’ll get a piece of my mind when we get back.’
“But Mr. Deerfield, we can’t leave! We can’t leave Jack here, don’t you understand? He’s with the archeologists!”
“Gwen, there is no Jack. Get on the bus.”
“But…”
“Enough!” He flashed a fierce look in her direction. “Oh, great! A storm is coming too, that’s all we were missing!”
Dark clouds had gathered on the horizon, threatening a powerful downpour.
“Everybody, gather your belongings, don’t forget your cameras, or your phones, we will not be coming back here for any lost items.”
And she sent them here on a Tuesday, no less. Had it been over the weekend, at least, maybe there would have been more people, so this place wouldn’t look like a ghost world.
Gwen’s parents took her to a child psychologist who specialized in children with imaginary friends, and the latter convinced her, over many years, that her best childhood friend had been nothing but a fantasy.
Back in the desert, a young couple out on a hike came upon a confused nine-year-old boy, who insisted he got separated from his class on a field trip. It was 1965 and the young people, who were very open-minded, entertained his story, delighted by its intricate details. 
After countless unsuccessful attempts to find any record of a Jack Mattingly anywhere in the vital statistics and a tolerant eye roll at the boy’s preposterous assertion he was coming from 2005, they filed a petition for adoption and raised him as their own.
Jack realized early on that stating he’s from the future would make his life, already upturned as it was, a lot more uncomfortable than it needed to be, so he decided it would be more to his advantage to pretend he had a passion for archeology, which would provide him with an opportunity to visit the dig again, and possibly go back to his life. 
Being stranded in the past was a lot more pedestrian than the romanticized version in sci-fi novels: between the prevailing standards of dentistry and the absence of computers, life felt so raw it could make one scream. No wonder they all did drugs. What the heck else was one to do under the circumstances?
The silver lining was that, compared to his peers, he was so advanced, he got his pick at the most prestigious institutions of learning, all of whom treated him like a genius.
He really didn’t like archeology, which meant nothing to him but dust and flint arrowheads, all the same, but he pursued it with extraordinary focus, all for a chance to one day find his way back home. 
One can imagine his shock at seeing Gwen standing there, next to that boulder, not twenty feet from him, after all these years, looking exactly like he remembered her moments before his life was fundamentally altered. 
He’d thought about her this entire time and, despite his rational approach to this problem, emotionally he couldn’t help blame her for his predicament, if only as a jinx, if nothing else.
However, this was his chance, the chance he’d been waiting for, to discover what had happened to his old life, even though he had pored over birth records and school records and any records he could think of without once coming upon his own name.
Emotion overcame all reason, and he ran all the way back to the boulder, chasing after his fateful ghost, only to find himself surrounded by a thick cloud of pot smoke.
“That brings back memories of my childhood! What kind of irresponsible idiot smokes pot on a child school trip! Someone should know about this!”
He could see the contours of a rudimentary house through the clouds of smoke, and a shadowy figure which emerged from behind the beaded curtain in the doorway, a little wobbly but in a glorious mood. 
“Who are you?” The man’s mood soured at the sight of a stranger. “No, wait, don’t tell me. We don’t like to be defined by names, it’s reductive.”
‘Lay off the weed,’ Jack thought, and then curiosity got the better of him. “So, if I needed to draw your attention, how should I address you?”
“You can call me No. 7,” the stranger indulged him.
“Well, then, you can call me No. 5, if it’s not taken, of course.”
“Are you sure you don’t want No. 1? It’s available.”
“No, I’m good. So, listen, aah, how do I get back to town? I need to check on something.”
“If you figure it out, please let us know. Smoke?”
“No, thank you. Just a phone, please.”
A Homeric bout of laughter emerged from the house in response to his request.
“Phone! He wants a phone!”
‘Exactly how high are these people?’ He didn’t judge. He had been known to indulge a joint himself now and then, but he would have found them a lot more helpful sober right now. He could bet they weren’t even aware of what year they were in.
“Funny you should pick that one,” another shadowy figure emerged from behind the curtain. “Do you know what year you’re in?”
“2005,” he responded, unconvinced, instantly drenched in cold sweat.
Another bout of laughter ensued.
“I hate to break it to you, friend, but I got stranded here in 2016. That was a while ago and I lost track of time since. I really couldn’t tell you what year we’re in right now. I was the latest acquisition before you showed up. I really thought time was still linear, but you’re living proof I was wrong.”
“How many of you are there?”
“Five, including you. You can pick your spot on the floor. There isn’t much in terms of creature comforts, but that’s all we have.”
That was twice now, twice that bane of his existence, which had disguised herself as an innocent nine-year-old girl, had gotten him stranded in nowhere land, and the second time was much worse than the first. He simply couldn’t contain his ire towards that useless airhead who clashed with his life and bounced it off course, not once, but twice. He swore to himself if she ever crossed his path again she’d hear from him, and oh, the things he had to say to her!
She must be what now, twenty-three, twenty-four now, living a normal life, oblivious to his predicament, probably unable to remember he even existed, spared a childhood stripped of gaming consoles and internet searches.
She probably chose something obvious for a career, he was sure of it, something nondescript like literature or astronomy, and she would live her entire boring life without having to give a single thought to the consequences of her actions.
We all live in this chaotic clash of behaviors and consequences inside which our barely thought out actions affect others and theirs affect us in ways that are too many and too complex to track and morally evaluate. 
The mere fact most of us survive the slings and arrows of such outrageous fortune for a reasonably long time must be proof there is a God.
Years passed, generously seasoned with happy smoke and mushroom tea, and the blade of his ire dulled down, so, by the time fate brought him and Gwen together for the third time, it found him completely unprepared.

Fifth Story

“What do you mean, I don’t understand,” Gwen mumbled.
“Well,” No. 6 responded, “we know you went to Sunday school at some point, and have been taught this. Rejoice, you were chosen.”
“Chosen for what?” Gwen jumped to her feet.
“Just chosen. How lucky are you?” No. 1 joined the conversation. “Why aren’t you happy?”
“Is this improv? Is it?” She looked around for a telltale glance. “Are we veering off the Greek tragedy sensibility and venturing into the fantasy genre?”
“Gwen,” No. 4 approached her, with his usual kindness. “Please believe them. They are telling you the truth. Don’t you wonder how this,” he gestured broadly towards the surroundings, “all of this, is even possible?”
“Of course I wonder! That doesn’t mean I’m going to entertain preposterous beliefs to fill in the gaps.”
“Preposterous? Isn’t this your faith?”
“The Revelation is supposed to be allegorical, not literal.”
“And you are so sure of this because, what, you’re educated?” No. 7 mocked.
“For one, there’s no way y’all are angels.”
No. 3 stood up and left, visibly offended.
“See what you did?” No. 8 whispered in a dry tone. “You should apologize. You were inexcusably rude, especially under the circumstances. Don’t you understand how blessed you are?”
“For being one of the chosen, you mean?”
“Well, yeah.”
“And this is what, heaven?”
“Not exactly. See, during the first half of the Rapture we just get people to a safe location.”
“And here, in the middle of nowhere, with no food, water or ways to call for help, this is my safe house?”
“Precisely. Nobody will look for you here, and besides, who is going to do you harm when there are seven angels guarding you?”
Gwen decided to play along. If this was improv, and goodness knows the numbers liked to throw in a surprise here and there, she didn’t want to be a stick in the mud.
“So, you are angels, then.”
“Humans like to call us that,” No. 4 nodded. “It’s complicated.”
“Isn’t it always?” Gwen retorted. “Aren’t you supposed to have wings, or superpowers or something?”
“Aah, humans! They are nothing if not creative! The details you can spin out of fragments of information! It’s a pleasure to watch.”
“So, what am I, the ‘chosen’, supposed to do now?” Gwen assumed her role in all seriousness.
“Saying thank you would be nice,” No. 8 suggested.
“But what about the others? What happened to the other people?” Gwen faked concern, convinced as she was of the farcical aspect of this scene.
“We were assigned to you,” No. 3 responded. “This place is completely isolated from common reality, and we’re not supposed to leave your side, not while you’re here. We don’t know what has happened down below.”
“Oh, so we’re ‘above’ now, then?” Gwen embroidered on his theme.
“Above is relative,” he answered, “the number of layers is infinite, but yes, you’re above where you were before, at least symbolically.”
“What does that even mean?”
“Don’t worry about it. What’s important is you are safe, here, with us.”
“No offense,” Gwen looked down, trying not to laugh, “but if I am, as you say, ‘chosen’, shouldn’t I be in a place with milk and honey or something, instead of gutting eel, baked in the desert sun?”
“Did you, in your entire existence, ever dreamed about rivers of milk and honey?” No. 7 asked, rhetorically.
“No, of course not! That’s insane! Who’d want to bathe in honey? Have you ever had a honey face mask? Not the easiest thing to get out of your hair!”
“What did you always want? On one of those rare occasions when you imagined what you’d ask God if ever offered the opportunity?”
“Well, we played this game in college once,” Gwen confessed, determined to get into character, “you’d have to excuse the flight of fancy, we were all pretty plastered, but I said if I ever got to meet God, I’d ask him about all the things I don’t know.”
“Like what? The meaning of life or something?” No. 1 quizzed her, amused.
“Oh, hell no,” she covered her mouth, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t say that here, should I? No, nothing of the sort, more like what was before the Big Bang, what is the fate of humankind, what happens after the death of the universe, what’s outside of it, stuff like that.”
“Your wish was granted,” No. 1 danced around her, ending with a graceful bow. “We are here to give you the answers. We are The Library!”
“The Library! We are The Library!” The others joined in a hypnotic dance.
‘Oh, ok. Here we go.’ Gwen couldn’t help being amused. ‘Back to normal. The mushroom brew will follow any moment now.’
“Would you like some?” No. 4 offered graciously. “I seriously doubt it can do you any harm here.”
‘This is going to be fun,’ she thought. ‘A little deviation from routine can be just what the doctor ordered. Let’s start with some straightforward questions.’
“So, aah, Library. What is outside the universe?”
“You mean this one?”
“There are others?”
“Of course.”
“Fine. What’s outside this universe?”
No. 5 closed his eyes, making Gwen close her eyes too, without even thinking, and her inner world got instantly bathed in a rain of tiny buzzing particles, sparkly like mica dust, whose collective charge made her muscles tingle and her nose itch.
“That,” No. 5 explained laconically. “It’s kind of hard to explain in words.”
“Oh, I see, you’re a hypnotist.”
“And I’m Santa,” No. 7 mocked her. “Get it through your head, girl, you’ve been through the Rapture. Humans! So pigheaded!”
“So,” Gwen ignored him, “what was that, like, a neutrino bath?”
“Potentiality,” No. 5 replied. “The realm of the possible. Things that almost happened. Things yet to be.”
“Fine. Have it your way. Next question. Why was I chosen?”
The numbers looked at each other, surprised by the unexpected question. Sometimes the simplest questions are the hardest to answer.
“No reason whatsoever,” No. 7 eventually did. “Happy?”
“That’s not an answer,” Gwen revolted. If this was supposed to be a fun game, the numbers didn’t bother to put any effort into it. 
“That’s the best I’ve got. The universe is kind of random, if you haven’t noticed. We were here to receive the one who showed up. It was you. Could have been someone else.”
They were pulling her leg and Gwen got tired of this game, which seemed childish compared to the sophisticated talks the eight usually had around the fire, talks made even more exciting by the variety of botanical enhancers which accompanied them, so she got up to go back to the house and get some sleep.
“Don’t forget to gather the eggs,” No. 4 lifted his voice behind her, making her turn around.
“Oh, so we’re hunters and gatherers in Heaven, is that it?” Gwen snapped. “Because, what, angels need to eat?”
“Don’t be disrespectful, young human!” No. 4 got up to his feet, slowly, and kept rising, as if there was no limit to his standing up. He kept growing taller, until his shadow stretched across the landscape, covering Gwen, the rocks, and the house. The chickens clucked, agitated by the presence of the supernatural, and hid in his shadow, instinctively drawn to it for protection.
Gwen froze. She gulped hard and looked up at the being whose height stretched twenty, maybe thirty feet up in the air now, too shocked by his appearance to move from the place or even utter a sound, as if she got struck by lightning. 
Her entire life flashed before her eyes, and she tried very hard to find a reason, any reason, why she would be chosen, that would make her worthy of the protection of not one, but seven angels, and she came up with nothing.
She looked at the sky, which was a symphony of colors, and their collective impression, a swirl of summer pastels, reminded her of the rainbow ice cream she always asked for when she went to the state fair as a child. 
“I thought you might enjoy that,” No. 4 smiled and nodded. He had a radiant look on his face, which looked weirdly translucent in the setting sun. 
The colors sang in concert and the air vibrated with their harmony, the whole of reality resonated to their tune, as if imbued with the spirit of life.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” No. 4 closed his eyes, genuinely pleased, slowly closing his eyes in a way which reminded Gwen of a cat.
For a person who just found out she had gone through the Rapture, Gwen wasn’t feeling any different, and if No. 4 wasn’t thirty feet tall at the time, she would have chalked up the whole experience to a strange dream induced by a very hard to digest dried eel. 
She was dumbstruck, like one would be in the presence of angels, and just sat there, by the fire, listening to the seven debate deep philosophical concepts, interspersed with bits of ancient poetry and fragments of songs.
The night fell around the campfire, and Gwen never remembered its spirited darkness feeling so warm and welcoming, as if every molecule of air was made of pure love. 
She wondered how she never felt the truth, she’d been with them for who knows how long, graced by their sight, made better by their presence, simultaneously aware of how ridiculous these thoughts sounded when confronted with the reality of the visibly inebriated group whose loud voices drowned the sounds of the desert crickets in less than mellifluous tones.
‘You’re nothing like I expected,’ she couldn’t help a thought. 
“Did you give a lot of thought to angels in your previous life?” No. 1 asked her, genuinely curious, and the sheer normality of this interaction was enough to make Gwen lose all sense of reality. She had to think for five minutes before answering, like she had never formed a thought before. All her brain connections seemed so slow she could barely remember the beginning of the thought by the time she arrived at its end.
“Don’t worry about that. It’s us. We’re a bit faster than you are.”
“You mean that’s what we sound like to you all the time?” Gwen blurted. “How can you keep your focus until the end of a thought?”
“We’re trained in patience. It’s the highest virtue.”
“Overrated, if you asked me,” No. 7 gulped a generous helping of dried eel and washed it down with tequila. “Want some?”
“Thank you,” Gwen took a piece of eel and munched demurely, terrified at the thought of offending an angel.
“That didn’t seem to stop you before,” No. 7 stared her straight in the eyes, with a gaze that felt like it pierced through her skull and came out the other side. “Relax, will you? All that tension is going to give me indigestion.”
“Can you get indigestion?” 
That was the first and only thought that popped into Gwen’s head, which was ironic considering The Library was there to answer whatever deep questions on the nature of existence were haunting her mind. 
She was pretty sure the matter of angelic digestion was nowhere on that list.
“Metaphorically speaking,” No. 7 clarified.
“So,” she whispered, “Whatever question I have, you’ll answer it for me?”
“Of course,” the numbers got up as one, strangely spry for the amount of spirit they’d been imbibing. “We are here for you. We are The Library! The Library!”
“We are The Library!” The Greek choir responded.
They joined hands and started circling the fire, and Gwen stared at them like an idiot, trying to adjust to her new reality, where she was now watching seven vaguely human figures engaged in a dance in which they weren’t touching the ground. 
‘I must be high,’ Gwen thought. ‘Somebody must have put something in my food. There is no other explanation.’
“I told you it was useless,” No. 6 told No. 3. “They never believe us, the humans. It’s like they’re mentally programmed to dismiss any intelligent life except for their own. And I use the term intelligence loosely here.”
‘Hey!’ Gwen wanted to protest, caught up in the moment and forgetting for a moment who she was talking to.
“Did you say something?” No. 6 turned around to face her. She didn’t answer. “That’s what I thought,” he told No. 3, displeased. “They’re never sure enough to dismiss us, or brave enough to confront us. Wasted energy, if you asked me. You get offered the chance to get answers to all your questions and what do you do? You act like the cat got your tongue.”
“Am I dead?” Gwen asked in a daze.
“Finally, a proper question! Of course not! If you remember your Sunday school, you’re the very opposite of dead.”
“But this can’t be real! This can’t possibly be real!” Gwen finally snapped. “I just graduated college, for crying out loud! The Rapture is just a story! I’m probably Buddhist!”
“You think too much. Come, dance with us, have a drink, relax, you’re so high strung you make the milk sour.”
She took a gulp of tequila, which tasted exactly like one would expect a brew concocted in a barrel in the middle of the desert to taste like, and joined them in the dance, in awe of the fact she was dancing with angels.

Sixth Story

During her morning walk, Gwen was surprised to notice one of the large boulders behind the house, in the place where she usually gathered the eggs every evening, was missing.
Its empty spot looked unnaturally hard and flat, and upon closer observation, Gwen noticed, to her great bewilderment, that it was a poured concrete foundation.
“Oh,” No. 7 spoke from behind her, “I see they finally took it for repairs. I thought they were going to put that off until it completely crumbled.”
“Who’s they?” Gwen asked, feeling like she’d just fallen on her head.
“The tech crew, of course,” No. 7 mentioned.
“But,” Gwen whispered, suddenly embarrassed, “I thought we were here alone, all that talk about being lost, not being able to find the way back, all of it?”
“I’m sorry, dear, we thought you were the new actress. We’re not supposed to get out of character. We never suspected…”
“What the hell do you mean?”
“We’re filming a reality show, Ultimate Survival. You must have seen it, it’s been running for a very long time, very good ratings.”
“A reality show?? I’ve been stuck here forever!”
“They stretch these things as far as they can, at least the popular ones. This is season thirteen.”
“You mean to tell me I could have gotten out of here a long time ago?” Gwen’s rage brought all the blood to her cheeks.
“Gotten out of here? Do you have any idea how many people interviewed for your role? People would kill to get this part! You should see the ratings, apparently your naïveté plays very well with the younger audience. They already decided to run the series for another season, and guess what?”
Gwen started fussing, too furious to utter a single word.
No. 7 continued, as if he didn’t notice her outrage.
“They are going to cast you in the next season too,” he whispered, excited.
“Why in the world would I want to spend one more minute in here?!” she exploded.
“Do you have any idea how rarely that happens?” No. 7 looked shocked. “They are always on the lookout for a fresh face. Recasting is like a miracle!”
“So, they’ve been here the entire time, watching us?” Gwen’s upset rose to new heights.
“Filming, you mean,” No. 7 replied. “What part of reality show wasn’t clear? Of course they’re filming us, that’s all the show is about - us. Aren’t we the celebrities?”
“So, all that pot and mushrooms and tequila, was it all acting?”
“Well, most of it. We did sneak in a bit of the real thing, you know, for authenticity. I mean, we’re declaiming in Ancient Greek, for crying out loud, one needs a bit to take the edge off. Learning those lines was the hardest thing I ever had to do for a role. I feel like I can almost speak the language now,” he confessed. “Not!” He laughed it off, with a jolly attitude completely out of character. 
“So,” Gwen pushed the boundary, “you’re not really a bitter old man.”
No. 7 let out a hearty laughter which lasted for a while. When it subsided, he answered.
“God no! I’m 37. This is the composition role of a lifetime. Do you mean you bought it? I always worried I overdid it. It’s not easy living in stage makeup twenty-four hours a day.”
“You made me eat vulture eggs!”
“The director thought that was a great idea, well, selling them as vulture eggs. They have a farm nearby, they keep a lot of fowl. You never had turkey eggs before, I take it. Not the tastiest, but at least they’re pasteurized.”
“Those were pasteurized eggs,” Gwen replied.
“Yes. We eat them raw, they have to ensure we’re not getting salmonella or something. Can you imagine the liability nightmare?”
“I was wondering why they looked so cloudy,” Gwen said. “Gross!” She shuddered, revolted. 
“We do sneak in a few candy bars and the occasional donut when they’re not looking. They’re really strict about it, though. We must look deprived.”
“And you never considered sharing those with me,” Gwen got suddenly furious.
“We didn’t think you’d appreciate the temptation of empty calories.”
“I want out of here right now!” Gwen got up to walk purposefully in the direction of the filming crew, only to realize a second later she did not know where they were.
“It’s not that easy,” No. 7 tried to calm her down. “What about your contract?”
“What contract!? I don’t have a contract. I got lost in the desert and accidentally wandered into your set!”
“Sure you did, honey! Sure you did!” No. 7 replied. He’d interacted with a few drama queens in his career and knew better than to contradict her. He had great respect for method acting and didn’t want to break her flow.
“I’m telling you all of this is a mistake,” she started crying.
“If that’s true, you’re the luckiest girl alive! Do you have any idea how lucrative this job is?”
“What part of ‘I don’t have a contract’ don’t you understand?” She yelled, exasperated, drawing all the wrong attention from the camera crew.
A guy in black appeared from behind the remaining boulder, trying to smile, despite being obviously uncomfortable and sweating profusely under the desert sun, which was already high in the sky. 
One could cook an egg on that boulder.
“Hey, hey, hey, everybody calm down. No need to get upset. I’m sure we can work out whatever disagreement there is between the two of you. We’re all just doing our jobs here, right? What seems to be the problem?”
“I want out of here!” Gwen hissed, with a gleam in her eyes that bode nothing good.
“Oh, dear. Here we go again,” the director sighed and rolled his eyes. “How many times do we have to go over this? We told you folks from the very beginning that this is going to be unpleasant, that spirits will be high at times, and that under the terms of the contractual agreement, short of death, nobody leaves here until the season ends!” He raised his voice progressively, finishing the sentence on a thunderous tone. 
“I don’t have a contract! I’m here by mistake!” Gwen confronted him.
“Nobody is here by mistake, honey! Might as well say Neil Armstrong landed on the moon by accident. Just take five, ok? Don’t worry, we’ll edit this out.”
‘The hell we will!’ he reconsidered quietly. ‘This is going to be the best episode of the season. The series is getting a little stale; mixing things up a bit would be a delightful change of pace.’
“But don’t you understand?” Gwen ran after him. “I’m not part of your cast! I’m nobody!”
“Which is exactly the fresh look we’d been searching for. I hear they’re casting you in the next season too. Some people have all the luck, don’t they?”
“Listen to me carefully!” Gwen stared him in the eyes with an intense gaze bearing all the marks of insanity. “You will call for a car right now to take me to Sedona, or, I swear to you, I’ll report you to the police for kidnapping!”
“Sedona?!” the director asked, genuinely shocked. “Do you want us to drive you all the way to Sedona? Why? Do you have family or a sweetheart there or something?”
“I just want back to civilization, to a proper bed and a good meal and a shower and clean clothes!”
“Don’t we all, honey! Do you think I want to be here, baking alive in the desert, sweating like a pig? True art demands sacrifice.”
“How long have you kept me here?” Gwen uttered a low growl, ready to pounce like a wildcat.
“They really messed with your head, didn’t they? I have to give them that. They’re damn good at what they do. You’ve only been here since the beginning of the season. You know, when you ‘appeared’ unexpectedly from the desert?”
Gwen didn’t know what infuriated her more, this revolting story of mistaken identity or the director’s gratuitous use of air quotes. 
“Quiet on the set!” A megaphone voice prevailed over the racket. “Everybody but the actors, get out of the frame, please!”
The director made an apologetic gesture towards Gwen and disappeared behind the boulder. 
She ran after him, but he had vanished into thin air.
“They do that,” No. 3 commented. “They’re quite something, aren’t they? Completely concealed, you’d never guess they were there.”
“No. 3, I really have to get out of here,” she begged, with tears in her eyes. “What in the world am I saying? You have a name, don’t you? Enough with the numbers bullshit!”
“Aah, I’m Jeff,” he whispered. “We’re not supposed to use our names, it ruins the atmosphere.”
“Jeff, please, for the love of God, please tell me how to get out of here!”
“Shh,” the latter shushed her. “They already started rolling. Act natural.”
“I don’t want to be here! Don’t you understand?”
“Please, I beg of you, we’re all tired. Let’s just get today over with and tonight, I promise you, I’ll figure out a way to get you out of here. Please? For me?”
His tone was so disarming Gwen couldn’t think of any way to refuse him. After all, what was one more day when she’d already been here for so long?
The numbers were already gathered around the fire, reciting poetry and singing a cappella, and their voices, Gwen noticed in retrospect, had evidently benefitted from singing lessons for years. 
“Was glänzt ist für den Augenblick geboren, 
Das Echte bleibt der Nachwelt unverloren."[14]
An even tone, like the chant of a Buddhist monk, started softly in the background, joined by another tone, in harmony. 
The droning vibrated in the desert night air, altering its substance and heightening its mystery.
Lost in thought while staring into the fire, Gwen was barely there, floating on the edge of this strange reality she had fallen into, half fate, half make belief, wondering to herself what difference did it make if all of this wasn’t real? 
The numbers were real, their personalities, their likes and dislikes, their little idiosyncrasies, their love for ancient theater. 
What was real life, after all? What was real life if not a collection of experiences and memories never to be forgotten? 
She wondered, if that boulder never needed fixing, would she have cherished having met this odd group of strangers, with whom she had bonded over shared hardships and unexpected moments of levity, more?
Were the relationships she had forged with these men she had learned to trust with her life any less real because they had developed on a set made entirely out of facades and trompe l’oeil? 
Aren’t our entire lives made of what we think we see? 
Everything is pretense and illusion, everything but genuine connections and memories worth keeping.
She’d never been more real anywhere in her life than she’d been here, away from social expectations and standards of value, in this place that wasn’t even real, where the trappings of civilization where nowhere to be found, but its timeless treasures were held in high regard, where nobody had to be anything other than human.
She may have found what she was searching for after all, strange how life surprises you, it always grants your wishes in ways impossible to recognize, because, yes, this reality show faux desert wilderness, complete with chickens and scheduled weekly rain showers, was the place that brought clarity and direction to her life. 
And, if she’d be allowed the familiarity, true friends.
Who is to say how one arrives at meaning? Some people search for it haphazardly their entire lives, constantly distracted by shiny objects and bumping into furniture and never find it. And others just have it fall into their laps, in unexpected ways, too blind to see it.
“It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them."[15]
The quote surprised her; she felt as if she’d just been awoken from a deep sleep. When she raised her eyes and saw No. 1 looking at her, smiling. 
“What, no Greek?” She joked.
“No Greek. At the end of the play, even in Greek tragedies, the masks come off.”
They looked into the fire in silence. Strange pictures took shape in the dancing flames, revealing an eerie world which communicated without words.
“Are you going to leave tomorrow, then?” No. 4 asked.
Gwen didn’t want to think about it and ruin this moment when things actually were making sense. This was tomorrow's problem, and it was tomorrow’s job to take care of it. Tonight was hers alone: no future, no past, just sharing a drink with friends, the magic of the fire and the beauty of the desert night. One of those special moments life throws at you when you’re too dumb, too selfish, or too busy to notice. 
She didn’t answer, she just shrugged. 
The drone of the overtone singing suddenly sounded so weird to her, she couldn’t help asking.
“What in God’s name is that?”
“Shh!” No. 1 shushed her again, and the droning continued into the night.

Seventh Story

“Would you say she passed?” No. 4 asked No. 5. They both evaluated Gwen with critical looks, like project managers running through a punch list at the end of a project.
“I don’t know. What other tests do you think we could run?” No. 5 replied. “Call No. 1, he might have some logical routines to run her through we didn’t think about.”
Gwen smiled, insecure. 
She was feeling very self-conscious in the face of this evaluation process, which made her feel like a product.
“What’s up with you guys?” She said, eventually. “Pass? Pass what? Is this some sort of test or something?”
“That looked very natural, didn’t it?” No. 4 turned to No.5. “I sure couldn’t tell. How about you, No. 1?”
“I don’t know,” No. 1 came closer and stared uncomfortably, as if he expected some standard reaction.
“What test?” Gwen raised her voice, and they all stopped and looked at her.
“The Touring test, dear,” No. 4 replied, kindly.
“Hilarious,” Gwen brooded.
“I definitely couldn’t tell,” No. 1 smiled, relieved. 
“Congratulations, team, we got lift-off.”
“Would someone care to explain this to me? Not that I’m a person or anything!”
“You’re not exactly a person, Gwen.”
“Of course not. A person would get an explanation when people laughed at her,” Gwen’s frown deepened.
“Sit down, my dear. This is going to be hard for you to hear. Do you remember that time when you were nine and fell off a swing? You lost consciousness, yes?”
“So what? They gave me an MRI scan and a clean bill of health.”
“They most certainly did,” No. 4 agreed. “After.”
Gwen looked at him without blinking and No. 4 pointed at her eyes and told No. 1 “we have to fix that.”
“After what?” The girl ignored him.
“Did you ever actually see the MRI scan?”
“No, the doctor just told me it was normal.”
“Normal for you, yes. Would you do me a favor and feel your scalp behind your left ear?”
“I had surgery?”
“It’s a little more involved than that. What’s 578932 times 56983?”
“32989282156,” Gwen answered without thinking.
“Never asked yourself how you can do that?”
“No, I just thought I was good with numbers. Some people are like that.”
“Do you have photographic memory?”
“Yes.”
“That has an unusually large storage capacity?”
“I have an excellent memory, yes.”
“How many of the Greek and German quotes we sprinkled in our conversation since you arrived here do you still recall?”
“All of them, I think.”
“With what level of accuracy?”
“I remember exactly what you said.”
“Do you speak any of those languages?”
“No,” Gwen felt a pit grow in her stomach.
“And that didn’t strike you as strange at any point?”
“Why don’t you tell me what the situation is? I’m going to have a panic attack any moment now!”
“I told you her limbic system was going to overcompensate, but did you listen to me? No!” No. 6 intervened. He grabbed Gwen by the arm, in a persuasive gesture meant to encourage her to sit back down, and he didn’t relent until the latter drank half a glass of water. “There is really nothing to worry about, you’ve been artificially enhanced.”
Gwen looked at him without blinking again.
“You’re a cyborg, my dear,” No. 4 smiled.
“A cyborg doesn’t need a Touring test,” Gwen’s panic amplified. “Only computers do.”
“They supplemented all your higher functions,” we were concerned that might have side effects. “Or that your neural bridge would not work properly. Did you have any unusual experiences? Halos, unnatural colors, ringing in your ears, strange smells, stuff like that?”
“Who doesn’t have ringing in their ears? I thought it was earwax!”
“Told you,” No. 1 looked knowingly at No. 4 and scribbled something on a pad Gwen had never seen before. Where in the world did they keep their stuff? There was no place to hide anything in this barren setting. Which brought her to her next thought.
“Why am I here with you?”
“We programmed you to come. We needed to observe you in a controlled environment.”
“You’re joking, right?”
“Not in the least! We installed two extra mother boards for your server cluster and you’re outfitted with the fastest graphics card available. You’re a masterpiece.”
“I’m a human being!” Gwen protested.
“Don’t be pedestrian,” No. 7 rolled his eyes. “You’re way better than human, you should be grateful.”
“Did I at least pass your Touring test?” Gwen sniffled.
“Jury’s still out on that,” No. 1 examined her in critical fashion.
‘They’re crazy,’ Gwen thought. ‘And dangerous. And there are seven of them. What if they decide to, you know, “open me up” to add extra hardware? I have to get out of here before they get any ideas, and that’s not possible. Face it, Gwen, you’re as good as dead. What if they figure you no longer need to eat, for instance? It stands to reason they would!’
The group spent more than an hour poring over her specs, fighting over speeds and ports and a million other technical terms she couldn’t understand, ignoring her, back in her corner; she almost expected them to cover her up with a sheet, to keep the dust off.
‘Why am I even listening to this insanity? Who in their right mind would believe such a story? They’re brainwashing me. This must be a cult or something, for sure. Gwen, focus! You do not contain computer components. You are a normal human being who took a few wrong turns in her life. Whatever happens, you are human! You are human, do you hear me?’
‘That’s odd,’ she thought. ‘This doesn’t feel like I’m talking to myself. It’s not the stuff I habitually think. This is not me, is it?’
“Excellent,” No. 1 exclaimed, excited. “The radio link works!”
“Get out of my head!” Gwen yelled, outraged.
“Definitely human,” No. 1 replied. “What do you think?” He turned to No. 4.
“I think you’re right. Time for dinner.”
“I’m not gathering the bloody eggs, if that’s what you mean!” Gwen went on strike.
“Gwen, do you understand how your system works? Both components, biological and electronic, are running on the voltage in your neural synapses. No sodium and potassium, no action potential. No action potential, no processing. That means coma. Got it?”
“Who approved of this nightmare? Obviously, I was unconscious when it happened!” Gwen mumbled, still in shock.
“Your parents.”
“Why?”
“To fix the damage. You’re happy to walk and talk, yes?”
“Such a waste,” No. 5 criticized her. “You could have done science proud. Someone with your processing capacity wasting away in literary pursuits!”
“What’s wrong with literary pursuits, other than you’re not capable of them?” No. 7 said, dour. “They stand at the very foundation of human culture, you technical hack!”
“Gentlemen, please,” No. 4 reestablished the peace. “No need for name calling. This occasion calls for a celebration. Congratulations, my dear!” He turned to Gwen. “You passed.”
‘Yey,’ she thought, morose, ‘I get to pass for human, that’s exciting. I am human, damn it!’ She started whimpering.
Did they all see her like that? All the people in her life, her parents, her teachers, all the loved ones who knew and never told her? Did they all see her as some sort of Gwen replacement machine which was just a little better than no Gwen at all? 
She wondered if she’d ever be able to see herself the same way again, if all her aspirations and fears, likes, dislikes and insecurities had just been programmed into her mind, in packets of heuristic algorithms designed with enough randomness to make her act human. 
She contemplated the notion, which had been floated earlier, that she was a server, which did not exclude the possibility of countless programs and processes running in the background, without her consent, thousands of little subroutines designed for goodness knows whose purpose, all generating outcomes in some kind of black box inside her brain while she floated through her life, oblivious, less aware than a circus cat.
“Oh, ‘cause you think the mushy nugget between your ears used to do something fundamentally different before they improved on it, don’t you?” No. 7 confronted her. “When did they stop teaching biology in school? This is unacceptable! Most of your brain is engaged in activities below the level of your awareness, Tweedledee, not that there was much of it to begin with!”
Gwen was so angry about being subjected to a test to prove she was still human, or at least human like, she never stopped to ask herself the deeper question. If she wanted to disprove the veracity of the numbers’ assertion, how would she go about doing that? 
What moving parts of her being, be they body or consciousness, would respond in a way impossible to replicate artificially, thus determining she was indubitably human, a.k.a. made only of flesh and blood? 
Definitely not her motor system, since brain activated artificial limbs were already commonplace, or her emotions, which could be so easily altered by a simple change in brain chemistry, whatever she loved, or disliked, or interested her could be easily programmed, so, even if she was fully human, despite the odd expanded faculties she never thought to question, what was the difference between her and a machine, other than the material she was made of? 
How did it even work, that computer cluster in her head, so seamlessly integrated with what used to be her brain she had no awareness of its existence? 
“We’re all machines, Gwen,” No. 5 tried to comfort her. “Yours is just a little different from ours, that’s all.”
“Nobody questioned your humanity. Besides,” she pondered, “with all this hardware in my head, shouldn’t I be a lot smarter?”
“That’s what I said,” No. 7 didn’t miss the opportunity. “Most of the processing capacity is completely unused in the original packaging. What a waste!”
“Leave her alone, No. 7!” No. 1 defended her. “She wasn’t network enabled. Who’s the idiot who worked on these schematics? It’s going to be different now,” he encouraged Gwen with a reassuring smile.
“You can’t boost her networking capacity at this RAM speed. We need to upgrade,” No. 3 protested.
“Enough!” Gwen screamed, at her wit’s end, and the gathering went silent for a few minutes, after which the technical assessment resumed.
“At least the main processor is running cool, and she has at least three days of battery life, otherwise she wouldn’t have made it here.”
“And we’d have had a bear of a time finding her without the GPS. As I said: who worked on those schematics?”
“I’m not a computer!” Gwen raised her voice over the argument.
“Of course not,” No. 7 replied. “You’re a computer case. You look healthy enough,” he decreed, “but you should eat something.”
And thus Gwen lost her right to her humanity, and it made her wonder what that meant for her basic rights, for her desire for happiness and self-determination, for the status of her future offspring. 
At large and small scale, society determines what we are, and all our struggles are helpless and wasted in the face of group decisions. 
Whether she was human or machine was less important to Gwen now than the fact she had no say in the matter, and the decision about what to do with this revelation wasn’t hers to make either. 
No sane individual ever stops to ponder what would happen to them if their status as a sentient living entity was revoked. 
Did she still have the right to own property, wed, think independently, exercise free will?
“You’re overthinking this!” No. 4 waved his hand, exasperated. “You’re no different from who you were yesterday. The only difference is now you know more about your makeup. Just pretend you never learned all this and go about your life.”
But one can’t unlearn things about oneself, or rewind their new frame of reference to its original setup. It is a one-way street, self-discovery, and a slow one. People need time to refashion themselves so they can fit inside their new reality. And, as far as Gwen was concerned, it wasn’t every day one found out one was a computer case. 
Since she had nothing better to do, and couldn’t bear the tribunal of technical specifications ruling contradictory decisions over her head one minute longer, she went outside to gather the eggs. 
A couple of chickens approached her tentatively in the hope she might have brought bread crumbs or bits of greenery, and turned their backs, disappointed, when they realized she had come empty-handed. 
Gwen envied their status of living things, even with a diminished level of intelligence, and their freedom to cluck and scratch in peace, following their instincts, with no need for technical reviews.
She stretched out her hand to pet one of them, and the chicken, frazzled, pecked at it hard, making her wince.
To her surprise, her first reaction was not to focus on the pain, as instinct dictated, but to question why, during the never ending upgrades to her brain, nobody thought to dull her pain receptors to the point where pain became a harmless warning signal. 
So much for her being the valiant conscientious objector who rose in outrage to defend the trappings of her humanity. 

Eighth Story

‘That’s pretty,’ she thought when she picked up the little transparent pebble. Its deep red gleam looked spirited in the bright light of the sun; it felt warm to the touch, and despite its heaviness, reminded her of amber.
She sat down on one of the flat rocks at the end of the white pebble path to study it at length, turning it on all sides, trying to figure out what it was and how it got there. It wasn’t larger than an acorn and if she didn’t know any better, she’d have thought it was beach glass. Or a gemstone, maybe? Was this place an abandoned gemstone mine at some point, and if so, was that a ruby? She quickly abandoned the idea, because the tactile experience of the material was all wrong for it.
The little gem tickled her palm, and she giggled, fascinated by this strange interaction with a mineral, which felt intentional, somehow, like a conversation between equals.
Their little silent talk made Gwen smile, and as she sat there, communing with a rock, she didn’t even notice No. 3 standing there and watching her with a look in his eye that wavered between awe and dread.
“Gwen,” he asked her, softly, as not to startle her into dropping the eerie matter.
“Yes,” she answered in a daze, still hypnotized by the little red pebble in her palm.
“Where did you find that?”
Gwen didn’t answer, just pointed with her other hand, without taking her eyes off the gleaming red stone.
“Do you know what that is?”
“I was just trying to figure that out. Is it a gemstone, you think? It feels more like a resin than a crystal, but it’s so heavy!”
“Is that…” No. 5 joined the conversation, trying to look indifferent, his eyes glued to the tiny rock.
“I think so,” No. 3 confirmed. “We shouldn’t let her handle it, she might get hurt.”
“I doubt it,” No. 5 replied. “The stone found her. There must be a reason for it.”
“What is it?” Gwen finally peeled her gaze off the stone to look at them, and her blissful expression confirmed, without doubt, they were in the presence of the most precious esoteric mystery.
“What you are holding in your palm, Gwen, is the path to immortality,” No. 5 replied. “Which you’re probably in possession of by now, after how long you held that stone.”
“Skin absorption was never proven,” No. 3 objected.
The entire group was there now, looking at Gwen with transfigured expressions in utter fascination with the little found object.
“Of course it works,” No. 5 said, in a daze.
“What on earth are you talking about?” Gwen smiled, insecure.
“You found it,” No. 7 replied. “The philosopher’s stone. That’s why we’re all here. Frankly, after so many years, I resigned myself to admit it was all a lie.”
“Get out of here,” Gwen laughed out loud, convinced they were pulling a prank on her. Nobody else was laughing. “You don’t really believe that, do you?”
“I told you it wasn’t safe for her to touch it. She’s not spiritually prepared. She’s not spiritually anything, come to think of it,” No. 5 objected.
“Is it radioactive or something? Am I going to die?” Gwen made a panicked gesture that looked like she was going to drop the precious artifact.
“Don’t drop it!” No. 6 raised his voice, preempting the fumble. “No, you’re not going to die. Ever!” He pointed to the pebble in her palm. “Some of the brightest humans ever born spent all their lives trying to produce the object you’re now holding in your hand. If that’s not fate, I don’t know what is.”
“What is it?” Gwen asked.
“Mercury sulfide,” No. 8 mumbled, mockingly. 
“Congratulations, team, you found cinnabar. That’s special.”
“That’s not cinnabar, and you know it,” No. 6 threw him a sharp glance. “You didn’t come all the way here to find cinnabar.”
Gwen looked at them, dumbstruck, so No. 4 encouraged her to sit and listen to the story. His voice sounded calm and reassuring, so she obeyed.
“We traced the stone’s whereabouts from Paris in the fifteenth century, to the colonies in the seventeenth century, but it went missing after that, and we assumed someone hid it and died before revealing its location, until an obscure reference in a periodical from the time spoke of a strange substance which seemed to cure all disease.”
“That period was rife with snake oil salesmen and youth elixirs and mesmers, so we didn’t think of putting any stock in that piece of information, until we found corroboration from a variety of historical and anthropological sources confirming its presence in this area.”
“It’s a very important artifact, that. A priceless piece of history. No. 7 dedicated most of his career to archeological digs in this area, hoping to find it.”
“What does it do?”
“Stop feeding her stories, will you?” No. 7 snapped. “It doesn’t do anything! It’s a rock. Why on earth would it do anything? It is important purely from an anthropological standpoint.”
“Surely you must have heard about turning lead into gold,” No. 4 added, smiling. “We all spent decades going through the great works and historical references of the Middle Ages trying to vet the people who alleged to have produced the stone. There are many claims of credit, but only one credible reference.”
“After all this time,” No. 6 uttered, choked by emotion.
“For all the good that does us,” No. 1 cooled his enthusiasm. “That would matter if we ever found our way out of here, which, speaking rationally, is highly unlikely.”
“Look at it this way,” No. 3 said, “after we all touch that pebble we’re going to have all the time in the world.”
“You don’t really believe that, do you?” No. 1 questioned him, half joking.
“I don’t know. Do you?” No. 3 retorted.
“It’s a clod of furnace slag!”
“Sure,” No. 6 replied. “And you’re a culture of specialized living cells.”
Meanwhile, Gwen was far removed from the conversation, in a world of her own, where the little misshapen piece of red glass spoke to her in a language without words. 
“Gwen,” No. 1 shook her out of her reverie. “Gwen!”
“What?”
“Are you still with us?”
“Mhh,” she nodded.
“Are you feeling alright?”
“Mhh,” she nodded.
“Gwen!” He raised his voice.
“What?”
“Give me that!” He stretched out his hand in an authoritative gesture.
The little red stone landed in his palm heavier than lead.
“This just has to be toxic, don’t you think?” No. 1 asked No. 4, frowning.
“Not to the touch, except for prolonged exposure,” No. 4 replied.
The stone changed hands, passing from one number to the other, each studying it briefly, until it returned full circle to rest in Gwen’s palm.
“What do you think we should do with it?” No. 4 asked, staring at the rock critically.
“Too bad it makes gold and not maps, right?” No. 6 joked. “Talk about a Midas curse.”
“You think we should try to see if it works?” No. 5 inquired.
Everybody looked at him as if he lost his mind.
“What?” The latter defended himself. “Where is your scientific curiosity? You have a hypothesis, you test it.”
“On what, cutlery?”
“I always wanted a silver spoon,” No. 7 said, with an ironic smile.
“That’s too bad, the stone already matured past that stage,” No. 4 replied, matter of fact. “It can only make gold now.”
In all the excitement, everyone forgot about Gwen, who continued gazing lovingly at the stone like it was the most precious substance in the universe.
Her daydream took her to another side of reality, differently structured, a place whose organizing principles were matter, energy and thought, the very essences of existence she now held in her hand, condensed into a tiny piece of reddish glass, and as she gazed into its spirited sparkle, she went even deeper into the soul of reality, to a place where there was no matter, thought or spirit, just one substance that comprised everything, and this revelation put shivers through her body like a fever and ran her blood hot and cold. 
Behind the appearance of that proto-matter was an inexpressible essence, an intelligence of sorts, which compelled her to understand the truth of the famous transmutation of lead into gold: there was no lead, there was no gold, there was no Gwen, there were no elements, just one principle reflected in all the aspects of reality, multifaceted like the eyes of a bee.
It was a fool’s errand to transmute a substance into another, like turning water into ice in order to improve its essence.
Whatever that was, that she held in her hand, was not a clump of slag, it was an idea, snatched from its pure realm and condensed into matter, and the fact a human being had accomplished that feat, even if she had no proof that it really happened, was more precious than any substance on Earth.
“We’ll have to have it tested, of course,” No. 4 took the stone from Gwen’s hand to look at it up close. “To establish its age and confirm its origin.”
He inspected it, trying not to get his hopes up. “It seems a little too good to be true, don’t you agree?”
“What else could it be?” No. 1 joined in to the examination of the object.
“Maybe she brought it with her,” No. 7 offered. “Some piece of costume jewelry she forgot about that fell out of her pocket.”
The group stared at him, doubtful.
“What? Isn’t this more likely than the fact we ran into the most mysterious artifact on the planet?”
“That we’ve all been chasing for decades and finally tracked here?”
“Too cute by a mile,” No. 7 dug in his heels, refusing to agree.
“It’s a pointless conversation anyway,” No. 1 concluded. “Without lab equipment and research material, we’re just spinning our wheels. You don’t even know it’s cinnabar, it could be a fragment of a plastic bottle that fell out of a plane for all we know.”
“We could grind a piece, see if it dissolves in water,” No. 5 suggested.
“Sure, if you can look past all those pesky neurotoxic effects. Kind of a horrible way to die.”
“It’s too heavy to be plastic. Maybe a piece of meteorite?”
Gwen was still in a daze, listening to them debate the possible provenance of the object, surprised to hear herself say
“But what if it works?”
“You’re too old for fairytales, Gwen,” No. 1 chastened her, upset about this puzzle he could not solve.
The world is full of things we don’t understand, it’s just we rarely find them important enough to care. And those we think we understand are always one scientific breakthrough removed from the dustbin of pseudoscience.
“Look at her, eyes glazed over because of that shiny piece of glass, like she discovered the meaning of life or something,” No. 7 commented, amused. “Must be nice to be so easily amused.”
“It is an extraordinary discovery, if it proves to be authentic,” No. 4 commented. “We have very good reasons to believe that it is.”
“To think I spent my entire life digging holes to find that,” No. 7 tried to dissimulate his excitement. “Kind of anticlimactic, that dusty pebble.”
Gwen looked at them, contemplating the thought that if the legend was true, and this was the actual artifact, she was now in the company of the only people on Earth who, just like her, were going to live forever.
“Stop the nonsense, Gwen,” No. 1 frowned. “I found it insulting to intelligent beings everywhere.”
And never grow old, or sick, or lack for anything, all harmoniously blending into a reality of the same essence, welcoming, nurturing and responsive.
“It’s getting late,” No. 4 prompted. “Can you please go gather the eggs?”
Gwen panicked, wondering if she was going to turn the eggs to gold, or the chickens, or anything else.
“That’s not how it works, Gwen,” No. 4 indulged her, highly entertained by such delicious naïveté. “I assure you the eggs will be safe.”
Maybe if she studied it enough, the stone could teach her how to see past the illusion of reality and into its truth.
“Gwen,” No. 4 interrupted her dream state, “we’re famished.”
She gathered the eggs, wondering how did it come to be that humans evolved to eat eggs and not rocks. There was nothing wrong with eating rocks. After all, plants did it all the time. Why not people? 
“Ok,” No. 1 decided. “If you’re saying this thing is not toxic, we should put it in the cupboard, next to the bread. That’s the only storage unit we have, really.”
“I don’t know,” No. 6 objected. “Why facilitate exposure? It may be a stable configuration, but it’s still mercury. Do you want to risk that?”
“Where, then?”
They debated the subject, while Gwen stared at the basket of eggs like she’d seen such things for the first time in her life. 
“But what if it works?” She asked again, stirring a sea of protests.

Ninth Story

Gwen dragged her feet through the desert, walking behind No. 5 to the tequila barrel, when she noticed what looked like the corner of a trap door barely covered by dirt.
She stopped to get a closer look and by the time No. 5 noticed her absence; he was too far to stop her from sweeping off the dust to uncover it.
“Hey,” she waved at him. “Hey! Over here! I found something.”
“Leave it alone, Gwen, it’s getting late, we need to get back.”
“It’s a door!” She said emphatically.
“We don’t have time for that now, come here.”
“Might be important! What are you talking about? What if it’s provisions, or tools, a clean change of clothes? Help me open this,” she started pulling at the handle in vain, because the solid metal door was very heavy.
“You won’t be able to open that. It has an electronic lock and you don’t have the code. Leave it alone,” No. 5 engaged in a failed attempt at persuasion.
“You know what’s inside?”
“We’re not supposed to talk about it.”
“Is it a secret government facility?”
“No.”
“An alien artifact warehouse?”
“No.”
“A nuclear bunker?”
“No.”
“A…”
“Would you give it a rest, Gwen? It’s a seed vault.”
“In the middle of the desert?”
“There was enough land to build it here, it’s very large.”
“Oh, yeah?”
“Yeah. See all this?” He gestured with his arms wide to cover the surrounding land, all the way to the horizon. “That’s how large it is. And on several levels.”
“So you’re not really lost,” Gwen ventured a guess.
“No.” He replied. “But we can’t leave either, we signed a lifetime contract.”
“What in creation would determine any sane person to do such a thing?” She asked, flabbergasted.
“Life is a lot more complicated than you think,” he looked at her, discomforted by her exhausting enthusiasm and her unrealistic expectation, so characteristic of youth, that things will turn out well if one just worked hard enough at them. 
“We all had our reasons.”
“Why didn’t you tell me? I didn’t sign up to be there. I have the right to leave!”
“You have the right, but not the means. We didn’t want to upset you. There is no way in or out of here. Whatever gap in the enclosure allowed you to accidentally walk in is probably patched by now.”
“What do you mean patched?”
“We don’t exist, not for the real world. That is the agreement we made. And this place doesn’t exist either.”
“Why?”
“To protect it.”
“Yeah, that’s crazy!” She blurted. “So you threw your life away to, what, guard seed packets?”
“We’re the last hope of humankind should anything catastrophic happen.”
“What makes you think you’d be alive to care?”
“Just in case we are,” he wrapped up the explanation and turned around. “Come on, let’s go.”
“No! I want to see!” Gwen insisted. “You can’t spring a secret storage vault on me and not let me have a look,” she continued, giving him the evil eye. “Especially since I’m trapped here because of it.”
“This door is too heavy and hasn’t been opened in a long time,” No. 5 objected. “If you want to see it, we should use the one by the house.”
“There’s a floor door in that place and in all this time you didn’t consider telling me about it?” Gwen got mad.
“We voted on it and the majority decided to keep things quiet,” No. 5 looked down, embarrassed. “You know, just in case you were lucky enough to find your way out of here.”
“I thought you said there was no way out,” Gwen pressed him.
“There isn’t,” No. 5 scratched his head. “They keep moving rock formations around and bouncing off signal, you can run in circles forever and not pass by the same landmark twice. It’s a constructed maze, and a good one. But, you never know, I don’t underestimate luck.”
“Sounds like a lot of trouble for a seed vault. Are you sure there’s nothing else hidden in there?”
“You can see for yourself when we get back to the house.”
They walked back in silence, and it surprised Gwen how excited she was at the prospect of seeing something new. 
Back at the house, the group evaluated the situation.
“Well, it’s a done deal now,” No. 6 pondered the choice, thoughtful. “I can’t say that I approve,” he hesitated.
No. 1 swept up the white gravel from the meditation path into a bucket to reveal a trap door which, by the looks of it, had gotten a lot more use than its counterpart in the desert.
It took three of them to pry it ajar, that’s how heavy it was, but its well-oiled knuckles made no sound when it swung open to reveal the dark void below.
A cold dry breath rose from the depths, smelling of earth and lumber, and Gwen got confused because there were no stairs leading down, like one would expect.
“You’re supposed to jump,” No. 4 explained.
“In there?” Gwen looked at him incredulously. “How far down is it?”
“Fifteen, maybe twenty feet,” the latter replied.
“Are you mad? I’m not jumping twenty feet! I’m going to break a leg or something!”
“We all do it,” No. 3 encouraged her.
“Ok,” she said. “You first.”
“No can do, most young one. You want to see the vault, you must earn the vault. Are you going to jump, or should we close the door? The climate controls are sensitive, we don’t want to use the refrigeration system to cool the entire desert.”
“We can push you, if you’re squeamish,” No. 7 offered magnanimously.
“No, thanks, I’m good,” Gwen instinctively stepped back from the edge, remembering the abiding fear of heights she’d been carrying in her heart ever since she could remember.
No. 5 got up, suddenly at the end of his patience, and demanded
“Ok, let’s close the door, this went on long enough.”
“No!” Gwen stopped him. “I’ll do it,” she looked into the ominous hole, wondering if her curiosity, which she’d always cherished, wasn’t a gift, but a curse. It was one thing to get stranded in the desert for no justifiable reason. It was a whole other thing to jump to one’s death in a black hole of doom.
Just a smattering of paranoia visited her to suggest that maybe the numbers had been plotting all this time to get rid of her, and that “seed vault” was in fact the place where they hid the bodies, and when she raised her eyes to assess exactly how much of a possibility that was, she encountered the exasperated gaze of No. 7.
“So, today, maybe?” The latter asked.
“Yes,” she hesitated on the edge of the hole, trying to play for time. “Should I bend my knees, or roll, or something?” She asked.
“What do you think this is, a skydiving exercise? Just step over the edge, you’ll be fine.”
‘There must be an air pillow or a trampoline at the bottom. It stands to reason someone would install one. Who devised this insanity?’ 
She pepped herself up, closed her eyes and stepped into the void.
She fell for what felt like a lot more than twenty feet, only to find herself unpleasantly surprised by the hard bottom of the hole, which thrusted her knees into her stomach.
“Are you all out of your minds?” She yelled, outraged, while she got back on her feet, relieved nothing was broken.
“Are you ok?” No. 1 asked from above, but didn’t wait for an answer. She heard a swoosh and a thud not too far from where she was standing and heard him shuffle in the dark to steady himself.
The others followed in silence, and Gwen counted how many of them had joined the party by the number of bodies hitting the floor.
The lights went on automatically, to reveal they weren’t at the bottom of the vault at all, but on the landing of a very tall metallic stair that stretched six or seven stories down. 
The landing offered a panoramic view of the warehouse, where row after row of wooden cabinets, fastidiously labeled, faded into the distance. 
If she didn’t know any better, she’d think she accidentally walked into a giant library.
“We are The Library!” the group chanted behind her. “The Library! We are The Library!”
“Enough with the library nonsense!” She yelled, exasperated. No wonder she was becoming paranoid. It is the reasonable reaction when you’re living with mad people. You have to be constantly on your guard, even in your sleep. You never know what in the world they are going to come up with next!
“What’s all this stuff?”
“Every plant species on Earth,” No. 4 explained. “And some that have gone extinct a while back.”
“Why don’t you bring them back if you have the seeds?”
“The Earth is too hot for them now, they wouldn’t thrive,” No. 4 tipped his head to the side in a disarming gesture. “When the climate cools, they’ll be here.”
“Do you come here often?”
“Every day,” No. 1 said. “We need to run the maintenance checks, there’s a lot of equipment.”
Gwen looked around and remembered the warehouse stretched at least a couple of miles out, judging by the location of the second door out in the desert.
“This place is huge! How much time do you need to check everything?”
“That’s why there are seven of us,” No. 1 looked at her with a gratified smile and patted her on the shoulder. “Actually, now there are eight of us!”
“Don’t even think about it! I have a life! I want to find a way out of the desert and go back home! I will not stay here to guard a storage facility!”
“Denial is the first phase,” No. 6 nodded wisely. “You’ll come to terms with this, eventually.”
“I’m not staying!” She insisted. “I want out of here. How do I get out of here?”
“Are you claustrophobic, my dear?” No. 4 asked. “That’s going to be a problem. The daily maintenance checks take at least a couple of hours.”
How did she end up here, she asked herself? How does a normal college graduate with a passion for literature end up assigned to monitor a hole in the ground for the rest of her life?
Somewhere in her life she must have taken a fateful decision, one that had set this cluster of outcomes in motion, and she had this bizarre conviction that if she only figured out exactly what that fateful decision was, she could focus her actions in such a way as to make her current circumstances disappear.
She had never believed in fate, but it seemed just too unlikely one could torpedo one’s life so spectacularly guided only by the vagaries of chance. 
An entire symphony of doomed choices and wrong turns had to have come together to fashion the circumstances that got her stranded here, and their concerted actions couldn’t possibly have happened by accident.
What were the odds that, if she had to jump twenty feet down every day and hit a hard floor, she could do so indefinitely without incident? How did the men make it for so long in good working order? The reason for their daily psychedelic trips became obvious to her now, and she vowed, if she ever got out of the vault, to drink that hideous fluorescent green concoction no matter how horrid its smell.
“Please,” she begged, “let me out of here.”
“We can’t,” No. 5 replied. “The rope hoist motor is on a timer. We’ve got two hours to kill, might as well do our rounds.” The group scattered in all directions, leaving Gwen alone atop the platform, with the instruction “the fifth floor is yours” before they disappeared from sight.
The light dimmed after they left, or at least it felt that way to Gwen, who was now walking towards the vast warehouse alone, the muffled echoes of her own footsteps as her only comfort.
She started slowly down the stairs, not sure about venturing even deeper into the bowels of the earth all by herself, counting the steps as she went down to keep her mind from running ragged.
What if they didn’t come back? What if they all got out through some secret passageway and left her there to die? The space was enormous, so it would take a long time before she ran out of air. It was more likely she’d die from thirst first. What a horrible way to pay for one’s unfortunate curiosity!
She figured she’d at least be able to eat some seeds, if this tomb was indeed a seed vault, to dull her hunger, and she weighed the moral choice of pitting her temporary survival against the permanent extinction of countless species of plants that would get sacrificed for it.
Where was that fifth floor, anyway?
“The floors are labeled at the landing,” No. 4’s voice emerged from the depths. “Aren’t you there yet? There isn’t that much time.”
“What do I need to check?” She asked out loud, because nobody had told her, but this time the depths didn’t answer.

Tenth Story

The authorities of Yavapai County had been looking into by a series of disappearances, going all the way back to 1965, when the leader of an archaeological team, Jack Mattingly, vanished without a trace from the excavation site.
His disappearance was followed by several others, seven people in total, all males in their fifties, sharing an academic background.
The police investigation into the missing persons cases has been frustrated by a series of natural phenomena, possibly related to an anomaly in the local magnetic field which rendered electronic equipment and even old-fashioned compasses useless.
The investigating team ventured as far as they felt it was safe into the undeveloped terrain, but had to turn back eventually when they couldn’t get a clear satellite view of the area due to unusual atmospheric activity.
The spot had since become a local attraction, feeding the curiosity of thrill seekers and spawning its own host of colorful legends, which run the gamut between a UFO landing site and a terrestrial version of Bermuda’s triangle, and all of which have yet to be corroborated by evidence, but whose collective pull contributed significantly to the growth of local tourism.
For those who might be disappointed by not being allowed to venture into the unknown (the authorities have cordoned off the area to restrict access, out of concern for tourist safety), the beautiful Arizona scenery and its spectacular sunsets are consolation enough, especially considering an unexpected bonus: the weekly lenticular cloud formations, which geologists suspect are caused by the magnetic anomaly, and which can be safely enjoyed from anywhere around the closed site.
The strange phenomenon bewilders the scientists who have studied it extensively over the last fifty years. Alas, based only on old data, because nobody was able to gather new information about the site since, not by land nor from the air. 
The last detailed map of the area, photographs and geological samples date back to 1964, at which time the mystery spot was just another piece of desert wilderness.
We reached out to the local authorities, but they were unable to provide us with any answers regarding what had happened to the area. 
Speculations about the existence of a secret government facility, which would explain the jamming of electronic equipment, were consistently dismissed as ridiculous, but that did not dissuade an enthusiastic group of conspiracy theorists from creating their own club, aptly named “Defenders of Humanity”.
Half real life superheroes, half alien abductees, the members of the club claim to have been taken to the area, schooled in its mysteries and allowed to return, having been sworn to secrecy, for the good of humankind, but they are happy to share what they can with those with a thirst for knowledge during the weekly retreats they hold in a secluded clearing close to the picturesque Sycamore Falls.
All seven missing men were last seen near the Village of Oak Creek and weren’t believed to have attempted to fake their disappearance. 
Their belongings, abandoned at the hotel, suggest they were planning to stay for at least several days and there are no phone records or bank activity reported since they were last seen.
The most recent missing person, a mountain climber well known for his solitary adventures, vanished in 2017, during a month long white water rafting trip in Slide Rock State Park.
Authorities never stopped searching for the missing men, but as of now, their fate remains a mystery.
In a related incident, Gwen Whitman, a young UC Davis graduate with a degree in English Literature, was found wandering alone along the freeway between Sedona and the Village of Oak Creek, in the very area where the aforementioned disappearances have been reported. 
The young woman looked confused and refused to cooperate with the state rangers when they offered assistance; she ran out into the desert instead, in a distressed state. 
The rangers, Jen Keller and Ted Kominsky, two veterans of the office, held in high regard by the community, managed to apprehend her and convinced her to return to Sedona before she escaped again, while the three where working on setting up camp for the night.
Gwen Whitman is considered a potential eighth missing person, even though she does not fit the profile and has not been gone long enough to justify an investigation. 
The rangers suggested the use of psychotropic drugs, rather than foul play, might have been responsible for the disappearance in her case, but they continued to scan the area, hoping to find her.
The rangers reported the young woman’s account, however incoherent, hinted to the fact she was not alone in the desert, but part of a group, with which they assume she got reunited. 
In an even more bizarre turn of events, attempts to contact Gwen’s family turned out nothing. 
Authorities believe she was living under an assumed name for reasons which at this time remain unclear, but this suggests there may be more to the story than the case of a misguided young woman suffering from addiction. 
However, this complicates practical attempts to notify her next of kin, and therefore her family might not even be aware she’s missing. 
Since there didn’t seem to be any pictures of her, an artist’s sketch, drawn according to Jen and Ted’s description, was distributed to the police stations in the area, in case she turns up. 
Her college roommates at UC Davis remembered her as a nice, but quiet person, who kept mostly to herself and focused on her studies, but couldn’t think of any personal idiosyncrasies that might help with tracking her whereabouts. 
The students seemed hesitant when shown the artist’s sketch, which appears to be less than accurate. 
The artist offered to sit down with them and correct the flaws, but the group’s disagreements regarding Gwen’s likeness only served to further confuse the issue.
If it were not for the detailed accounts of Ted and Jen, whose trustworthiness is beyond reproach, one could suspect the whole incident was set up as a prank intended to capitalize on popularity of the mystery spot.

About the Author
Visit Francis Rosenfeld's Blog at


https://francisrosenfeld.com


***
Other books by Francis Rosenfeld
Discover other titles by this writer at Smashwords.com:

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/FrancisRosenfeld

Terra Two
Generations
Letters to Lelia
The Plant – A Steampunk Story
Door Number Eight
Fair
A Year and A Day
Möbius' Code
Between Mirrors
The Blue Rose Manuscript
Don’t Look Down


***
Connect with the author online:


Twitter: http://twitter.com/FrRosenfeld

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/FrancisRosenfeldsBlog

Linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/in/francisrosenfeld

Medium: https://medium.com/@Francis_Rosenfeld


Footnotes

[1] Sophocles, Antigone, Lines 100-102 
[2] Sophocles, Antigone, Lines 1023-1024 
[3] Sophocles, Antigone, Lines 332-333 
[4] "A clever person finds the best education while traveling.” Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Whilhelm Meisters Lehrjare 
[5] “What play! Yet but a play, however vast!” Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - Faust; line 454 
[6] “Nobody lives the life he chooses to live.” Menander, 4th cent. BC Ancient Dramatist 
[7] "All theory, dear friend, is grey, but the golden tree of actual life springs ever green.”Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Faust pt. 1 (1808) ‘Studierzimmer’ 
[8] Lewis Carrol, Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland 
[9] “The beginning of everything is atoms and void, and everything else is perception.” Democritus 
[10] Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco 
[11] Lewis Carrol, Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland 
[12] Hermann Hesse: “I live in my dreams – that's what you sense. Other people live in dreams, but not in their own.” 
[13] “There are many evils and there is no worse evil than man.” Sophocles, 496-406 BC, Ancient tragic poet ‐ Antigone 
[14] “What gleams is the moment's, born to be Soon lost; true gold lives for posterity.” Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust 
[15] Ralph Waldo Emerson
