Disclaimer
This is a work of fanfiction. The author does not own Pokémon or anything belonging to Nintendo, Game Freak, or Satoshi Tajiri. All characters and storylines not from the original Pokémon franchise, including characters Andrew Brown, William Brown, Saundra Heaston, Jake Adams, Ralph McDonough, Chief Ken Douglas, Taylor Namada, Bartholomew Lee, and Dustin Zane belong solely to the author. Any character resemblances to actual people are coincidental. This story is not being published for commercial or monetary gain and is designed for educational and writing practice purposes as fair use.

Author’s Note

Hello, readers!

Thank you so much for taking the time to check out my pride and joy. This story is dear to my heart and has evolved significantly over the last 10 years (no pun intended!), and I can’t wait for you to hear a very familiar story through a new character’s point of view and experience a human connection through the story’s look into Team Rocket being a formidable threat.
Don’t forget – please follow me on Instagram at @CoolTrainerAshton, and you can supplement your reading experience with music by following along to my “Extinction of Team Rocket” playlist on YouTube!
 
Happy reading!

All my best, Ashton



Dedication

To Luthor Parks, my former teacher and friend who has remained by my side through a turbulent period of self-discovery.

You were the only teacher who told his students that it was okay to not know the answer or didn’t understand something in an assignment. And, you were the only teacher who showed support for students both through their words but also their actions, and I could never thank you enough for that support. Thank you for believing in me, even when I didn’t yet believe in myself or know the path ahead of me. May this work be a testament to what you teach your students about believing in themselves.

To all you budding philosophers who want to change the world: keep believing in yourself and the gift you have to offer the world. You never know what will happen when you have a little bit of faith.


“You do not become good by trying to be good, but finding the goodness that is already within you, and allowing that goodness to emerge.”

~Eckhart Tolle

The Extinction of Team Rocket

Written by Cooltrainer Ashton










Chapter One
 
Finally, we had a moment to breathe and survey the damage. My gym challenger was a fierce competitor who showed little mercy in our battle, disarrayed the floor, and exhausted my entire team. The smell of fresh earth filled our noses as dust continued to settle.
 
As was customary for the Viridian Gym, I healed my opponent’s pokémon, regardless of who was victorious. After I bestowed him with the Earth Badge, and he made his exit, the gym grunts helped me repair the floor.
 
Will came in just as we finished. “Hey, Drew. How’s my favorite little brother doing?”
 
I withheld the urge to scowl and nodded in his direction, panting and putting on my best game face. “How’s it going, Will?”
 
He wore his usual attire – a charcoal gray blazer adorned with a crimson “R” on the breast pocket, matching slacks, and a starchy, white dress shirt. It was our father Giovanni’s signature style of dress. He resembled a young Giovanni, but what set Will apart was he was more handsome and not as heartless as him. Irrelevant, certainly, but in Team Rocket everyone has a fair amount of evil in them.
 
“The grunts were right,” he said, surveying the dirt and sweat clinging to my body. “That trainer let you have it.”
 
As I filled up the last hole, one of our new junior executives, Rodney, came up to me. “Drew, I know how busy you are. Would you like me to heal your pokémon?”
 
I couldn’t pinpoint why, but every time I saw this guy, my stomach churned. It was the way he smiled and the look in his eye when he spoke. All he wanted was to advance in rank, or so it seemed, and it had worked thus far.
 
But, I always took care of my own pokémon. Nobody else could. I gave them a fast treatment, but their battle today was far too intense for it to have done much good.
 
“No, that’s okay,” I said, faking a smile and turning around.
 
“But, I insist,” he said. “I want to help, especially when you work so hard to keep this gym running its best.”
 
Any red flags from before were confirmed. Nobody in Team Rocket stroked my ego as gym leader. It was a real pity he wasn’t as smart as his words were smooth. I turned back to face him. “Rodney, you know our procedure here. Nobody but myself can heal my pokémon.”
 
“Drew, don’t be rude,” Will said. “Let him do this for you.”
 
“Will, I’m not being rude…” 
 
“But, it’s a nice gesture.”
 
“William, we follow procedures around here.”
 
“Andrew, please… He wants to help.”
 
I scowled, handed him my pokéballs, and said nothing. His smirk made me want to deck him, but I could only hope my pokémon would be fine.
 
I gave Will a sharp glance, and he smiled at me. I wiped my face and walked with him down into the basement, seeing as there was no longer any business to attend to. My lips stung from the sweat.
 
Below the gym lurked Team Rocket Headquarters, fully undetected. It was one of the only ideas our father had that seemed smart. We took the elevator down to the fourth floor, where our private suites and tighter security were.
 
“…Phew, what a battle,” I said as we walked through the door.
 
Our unadorned suite with snow-white walls and dull gray carpet housed a small living room, kitchenette, three-quarter bath, and two small bedrooms with twin beds and miniature armoires. We sat down in the living room to unwind.
 
“We don’t often receive tough trainers like him…”
 
“Do you want tomorrow off?” he asked, keeping his usual fake smile.
 
"I wouldn’t mind," I said, giving him a look. “But, I’m rarely granted time off. It’s a wonder my library card hasn’t been revoked.”
 
"I can’t help it if we have more trainers coming through here than normal,” he said with a nervous laugh. “Tell you what, you can have the day off, but we need you to complete a small mission for us.”
 
I wasn’t surprised. This was a classic William tactic.
 
“It’s not dangerous, but it’s crucial for our plan. What you’d need to do is-”
 
“Are you still on that plan to find Dad? Will, that plan is shit.”
 
“We’re making great progress towards finding him!”
 
“Are you kidding?” I asked. My hands were now floating through the air as I spoke. “Our bigger plans have never succeeded! Don’t tell me you forgot about how Dad’s plans in Celadon and Saffron bankrupted us. It took months to dig ourselves out of that hole! Even our plans at Azalea and Rage Lake fell through, thanks to some nosey kids, and Dad wasn’t even here for those! …if those had been even remotely successful, I’d be more supportive of the plan.”
 
“This plan is different!” Will said, mirroring me. “If we take over the airwaves, we’ll have a better chance of getting a message out to him.”
 
“I still can’t believe you want to find him. Everyone here believes he abandoned us. If he didn’t care about Team Rocket’s future, why are we looking for him?”
 
He didn’t respond. He stared at the coffee table to fight against the anger on his face. I would’ve cared more about any unresolved feelings he had if I didn’t have my own bone to pick with our father.
 
As much as I wanted to continue to fight him on this, I sighed. We didn’t agree on much, especially our father. But, I was under his command. “What do you need done?”
 
He took a deep breath, his frown still intact. “A tour is being given at The Kanto Broadcasting Network’s new facilities in Goldenrod. I need you and a grunt to act like tourists and plant bugs in several key locations-”
 
“Wait, you want me to bring a grunt along? William, I can handle missions on my own."
 
“I know, Drew, but our grunts need more hands-on experience with executives. They aren’t maturing as much as we’d hoped.”
 
"But, why am I stuck with one? The others don’t mind. Send him with one of them!”
 
“Please, Drew, Jake’s a bright kid. I see executive potential in him. He needs more time with someone like you.” His frown had returned, though this time it was more pronounced. “Please, Andrew… This could help him… It could help us.”
 
I loathed the thought of mentoring an expendable brat who couldn’t care less, but there was no other option. “All right. If that’s what you need done, I’ll do it. But, the kid needs to turn down that smile."
 
He gave a small laugh.
 
“You owe me big for today,” I said.
 
He nodded. “I’ll tell him to meet you at Black Phoenix at noon. Repairs on it finished a few hours ago. In fact,” he said, looking at his watch, “there’re still a few more things I need to do. I’ll be back later.”
 
As if in a hurry, he stood up and was on the other side of the door in seconds.
 
After a hard day, a shower seemed nice. In theory, anyway. I removed my jumpsuit and glanced over my scars, obscured by muscle and the tattoos that reminded me to find strength through distressing times. On the right side of my chest was a large tattoo of my espeon with eyes that seemed to glow and shine like Espeon’s did. Around my arms were sleeves of my ninetales, pupitar, dragonair, scizor, and crobat, plus various tattoos including Viridian City landmarks, tribal tattoos from our community’s ancient religious tradition, and positive, affirming words in our culture’s ancient Ryuluan language.
 
 The only tattoo I hated was the Team Rocket “R” on my side, required of every executive. Not to mention the thin, skintight device on my ankle that prevented me from going anywhere other than where I was directed to go.
 
I turned on the shower and closed my eyes as I numbed everything but my mind in frigid water. When I could take the chill no longer, I dried off and put on my polyester pikachu pajamas, my only real possession. I closed my bedroom door, turned off the lights, and curled up under my quilt. It warmed me up some, but it could never warm me up enough to take off the chill from living underground.
 
I dreaded each night. After falling asleep, a nightmare put an end to my rest. I spent at least an hour shaking, powerless and unable to control my nerves. I wished they’d go away. The pain that came from past memories was sometimes too much. I thought I’d conquered this.
 
I had spent eight years in Team Rocket, and all I wanted to do was leave. It was my destiny to forever follow the oath. Pokémon were not for friendship, or so they said, but only to turn a profit. At the thought of facing another hopeless day, I groaned, curled up into a ball, and waited for the shaking to stop.
 
I woke up from some decent sleep the next morning and stumbled around for the light. I put on my executive uniform - a black shirt, a white blazer with a black breast pocket stamped with a red “R,” white dress pants, a black belt, and white shoes. I kept my short, brown hair spiked.
 
I rode the elevator up to the second floor that housed a battle practice room, a storage facility for our pokémon (stolen and otherwise), a recreation room, fitness center, conference room, research laboratory, and cafeteria. As I entered our distorted excuse for a pokémon center, I saw my pokémon lying on stretchers, looking as though their pain and untreated wounds kept them from resting. I knew that son of a bitch was not trustworthy.
 
It took a lot of self-control to not let my blood boil over, as Dr. Namba, Team Rocket’s oldest scientist, was in the room and focused only on the blueprints in his hands. His thick, light brown eyebrows and bushy moustache, and the lack of hair growing on top of his head, creeped me out. He reminded me of a pathetic reject for a clown, and his best known trait was his short temper.
 
“Namba!”
 
“Mr. Brown,” he said with his back straight and his hand to his forehead.
 
“Why are you idling around? These pokémon need medical care, and all you seem to care about are your blueprints.”
 
“With all due respect, sir, I’m paid to conduct research and invent technology that makes Team Rocket invincible, not baby-sit weak pokémon that soil Team Rocket’s name.”
 
Although he was much older than I was, the man was a poor excuse for a human being and a scientist. The number of useful gadgets and discoveries to his name were minimal. But, his putting down my pokémon was inaccurate and undeserved. I could battle circles around him.
 
“Your job description doesn’t interest me, but your ignorance of real problems is unacceptable. These pokémon give the Viridian Gym its strong reputation. And, they do so without technology and could easily defeat anything you use... If they aren’t healthy, they can’t perform. I thought a man as... senior as you would understand my frustration when employees don’t show initiative for what needs to be done for the greater good of Team Rocket.”
 
His face twisted into a reserved sneer. “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir. From now on, I promise to keep my eyes open for real problems."
 
“Yes, I’m sure you will… Now, if you wouldn’t mind, please see to it that your subordinates, Butch and Cassidy, are on time when I fly to Ecruteak at 12:15… You know how much I love to deal with incompetence.”
 
“Yes, sir,” he muttered before leaving the room.
 
What a fool. I’d have kicked the crap out of him or battled him into submission if it would’ve helped the circumstances. I turned to my pokémon, who looked at me with sad expressions and pain in their eyes. I was sure what Namba said didn’t help the situation. I fought back the tears that formed.
 
“I’m so sorry he did this to you,” I whispered. “You were great. I'm so proud of all of you.”
 
They were far too weak to eat, so I hand-fed them until their hunger was gone. Afterward, I selected a victreebel from our storage system’s computer. A thick panel of glass separated the holding room, and a mechanical hand retrieved a pokéball and dropped it into a slot in the wall. It squealed to be out of its confinement.
 
Most of our stolen pokémon had behavior issues, so many Team Rocket members couldn’t control them. I could never explain it, but I’d never had an issue. They trusted me, and this grass-type had no issue releasing a flurry of silver powder that lulled them to sleep.
 
"Thank you, Victreebel," I said as I stroked the leaf on its head and returned it to the storage room.
 
I retrieved some medicine from a nearby cabinet and treated their wounds. Once they were in much better shape, I submitted Rodney’s junior executive account for termination through our computer, using Will’s identification code for its final approval. Good riddance.
 
With that done, I rode the elevator down to the fourth floor and gathered some regular clothing. Next was the underground heliport, located underneath the Viridian Forest. It was only accessible through a long passageway underneath the gym.
 
After walking past several of our available helicopters, I stopped in front of a black model with red stripes extending from its nose to its sides. I loaded my belongings into the cabin and went to the cafeteria.
 
The usual noise disappeared after I entered a gray and offwhite room filled with around 50 tables each sitting six people. The room, though partially clean, still had dirt spots missed by the cleaning crew. I went through the line and was served lukewarm oatmeal, fruit, and toast that passed healthcode but not so much for flavor. I sat down by myself and casually observed those around me. Through various rumors, grunts believed I could fire them at the drop of a hat. They’d scarf down their food or throw it away and leave, hoping to avoid any crossfire. Any grunts who decided to stay would whisper and fidget until I left.
 
What I hated seeing was the interactions between other executives and grunts. One clumsy grunt stepped on Ariana’s foot, and she yelled loud enough to capture everyone’s attention. I’d seen him once or twice before. He was a younger recruit with red hair and freckles scattered on his face and arms. I think his name was Ralph. With his face white and his legs shaking, he looked like he was about to piss himself.
 
“How dare you step on my foot, you pathetic little caterpie! Get out of my sight before I have you punished in the game room!”
 
The poor guy stumbled back and ran to exit on the far side of the room.
 
Proton, another executive, spotted me looking at him. “What are you doing here, dimshit?”
 
“Eating my breakfast like everyone else. I see your wish hasn’t come true yet.”
 
“What are you talking about?”
 
“All those shooting stars you’ve wished on. Nothing’s happened. Your personality’s still as endearing as a makigarp’s ass.”
 
He moved closer to me. “I ought to beat your ass for that comment, you sorry excuse for an executive.”
 
“And, what would you do that hasn’t already been done to me by someone else?”
 
He bent down and whispered in my ear, “What Will doesn’t know won’t hurt him.”
 
“You have no authority over me, and if you so much as try anything, I’ll make a fool of you in front of everyone here.”
 
Having had enough, he and the other executives kicked some grunts out of the farthest table from me. I rolled my eyes and went back to my breakfast.
 
 
 
~ ~ ~
 
 
 
At noon, I returned to the heliport to find my grunt, Jake Adams, waiting for me.
 
“We meet again, Mr. Brown,” he said with a toothy grin.
 
He was different from other grunts, having accompanied me on several missions already. Unlike others who were too afraid, he always seemed excited. Plus, I didn’t get the same evil feeling in him like I did with others. I wasn’t sure how I picked up on it, as I didn’t consider myself an intuitive person. I didn't care to be around grunts, but this kid kind of reminded me of myself (except for the smile). His brown hair was unkempt, his skin a healthy pink color, and he was one of the few in Team Rocket with blue eyes.
 
Still, I suspected he could be like the others, only wanted to advance, and didn’t care about anyone else. After boarding the helicopter, I put in coordinates for Butch and Cassidy and put Black Phoenix on autopilot.
 
"Will, we're on our way to pick up the artifacts and then catch the tour,” I said after pushing the “talk” button on the dashboard.
 
"All right,” he replied, his voice cracking through the helicopter’s speakers. “Good luck. Tell me if you encounter problems.”
 
Neither of us said anything for the first few minutes in the air. But this didn’t seem to faze Jake.
 
“How is everything?” he asked me. “It’s been a while since we’ve had a mission together.”

“Tiring,” I replied. “Same old shit.”

“Will’s still not giving you much time off, is he?”

I shook my head. “Business as usual.”

“Sorry to hear that.”

“It is what it is,” I said. “I didn’t care to do this mission, but it was a favor to him.”

“Yeah, I would’ve been up for this mission had they let me go alone. It doesn’t seem hard to operate these helicopters.”

“That’s true... but I doubt the executives would allow it.”

“Yeah, you’re probably right.”

I checked vitals and returned my gaze to our view. 

“But, hey, it’s better than cleaning bathrooms.”

“Yeah, can’t argue there,” I said. “It’s not the first job on anybody’s list.”

Jake laughed. “True… but your job must not be easy either.”

“It has its pros and cons… it keeps me from having to complete missions most of the time.”

“You mean you don’t enjoy this part?”

I shook my head. “If I had to choose, I’d pick being a gym leader every time.”

I tried to keep a blank expression, but this kid seemed all right, so I found it challenging to keep up the façade.

“You’re not as quiet as everyone said you’d be,” he told me.

“Is that a good thing?”

He chuckled a bit. “I guess… I’m not sure… it’s different from what I heard.”

I looked at him. “Why? What have you heard?”

“Oh, different things…”

“Like what?”

“Like… you always have laryngitis, or you only speak when you fire someone… and most of the grunts are silent whenever you’re around, as if you’re their executioner or something.”

I chuckled at the thought. “So, I take it you don’t believe them?”

“Of course not… I just think they have the wrong idea about you.”

“I hate to disappoint them… but I’ve never had laryngitis. And I don’t fire people… usually. That’s more up to William.”

He looked at me. “So, why are people so afraid of you?”

“…I’m quiet most of the time because there’s not a lot to say… But, I make myself look tough.”

“That’s where the exercising a lot comes from?”

I nodded. “It works for everyone… except the other executives.”

“I never thought you’d have to do that. Do you do the same as gym leader?”

“No, my confidence as a gym leader is real. Everything else is forced.”

“Why would you have to force yourself to be something you’re not?”

“Because…” I was trying to think about how much I wanted to divulge. “…Team Rocket was rough when I was younger... it wasn’t until I made myself intimidating that people respected me and left me alone.”

He didn’t respond, appearing like he was processing what I’d said. It gave me a chance to look him over. He couldn’t have been older than 14.

“How old are you, Jake?” I asked him.

“13.”

His response saddened me. It only brought back memories of when I was new. They only intensified my sadness.

“How did you get that scar on your face?”

I didn’t answer right away, but I looked at him and went back to our view. “You might want to try a different question.” It wasn’t the first time I’d said that for an uncomfortable topic.

"Okay…”

As he thought, I had a question of my own. “Tell me, Jake, how did a decent kid like you get involved in Team Rocket?”

It seems my gloominess was contagious. A frown settled on Jake's face. “Because the other kids in trainer school teased me… And it was all for my lack of confidence in battle… My family pulled me out after not doing well… And, somehow, I ended up at a Team Rocket recruitment meeting, where they promised me power and confidence if I joined…”

I said nothing. His response did nothing to encourage me. I looked at the helicopter's vitals and kept my attention on the sky before us. We were almost to Ecruteak City, where the interception of the artifacts was to take place.

“So, you don’t regret your decision?” I asked after a further moment of silence.

“No… I mean, I don't regret it a lot… but I'm sure my parents wouldn’t approve if they knew where I was.”

Ecruteak came into view, and the helicopter flew toward the Burned Tower standing in the northwest corner of town. Known for being the former home of Ho-Oh, a legendary pokémon whose feathers shone like the rainbow and brought peace wherever it went. But, because of human error, the tower burned, and Ho-Oh never returned. Will sought after remnants of items inside the tower that could help us find it.

“Why did you join Team Rocket?” he asked.

Without a thought, we descended into the forest and landed a few yards from the tower. I opened my door and got out. Jake walked behind me as I made my way toward it.

“Where the hell are they?” I wondered.

A minute later, Butch and Cassidy emerged from the woods. They both raised their hands to their foreheads.

“Nice of you two slackers to finally join us today. Cassidy… Biff," I said, wanting to get the grunt mad. It never failed.

His face contorted and his skin flushed at the sound. “My name’s not Biff, it’s-”, stopped before he lost his cool. Remembering who he was speaking to, he resumed, “Uh… sir.” Seeing him struggle to maintain respect amused me.

“I take it you have the artifacts Master William requested.”

“Yes, sir,” Cassidy said, handing Jake a sealed cardboard box.

“Thank you. Please return to the base, and make sure to check in with Dr. Namba. That fool needs all the help he can get.”

"Yes, sir," Butch said. "We'll see what else he needs done."

They raised their hands to their forehead. Right then, as we turned away from them, Jake said to Butch, “Bye, Bob!”

He groaned loud enough for us to hear him as we walked back to the helicopter. I turned and saw rage surge through his cheeks. Jake tried his hardest to keep from bursting into a fit of laughter.

“How many times do I have to say it? My name's Butch!”

Jake and I chuckled. I grabbed him by the shoulder and led him back to the helicopter. I put the box inside, took out my street clothes I needed for the tour, and tossed Jake's to him.

As we changed, he caught sight of my tattoos.

"Wow, Mr. Brown, your tattoos are amazing… what’s that on your back?"

I ignored his question as I put on my jeans and long-sleeved t-shirt. I was happy my body was no longer exposed and under tightfitting clothing. I offered him a cigarette, but he shook his head. I lit one and took a few long drags.

“How long have you smoked?” he asked.

“Hmmm... about five years.”

“Why did you start?”

“...Stress.”

“Does it help?”

“A lot… doesn’t remove it all… but it helps.”

Once my cigarette was out, we got back inside the helicopter. I set coordinates for Goldenrod City, and we took off.

Once we were back in the air, Jake asked, “Mr. Brown?”

“Jake, you can call me Drew.”

“Okay, Drew, if you won’t answer my question about your tattoos… will you at least answer my other question?”

“Which one was that?”

“Why did you join Team Rocket?”

The kid was sharp.

“I was hoping you’d forgotten.”

His expression told me he hadn’t.

“Jake, I… I just don’t want to get into that.”

“Why?”

“It’s too much for me to remember… I don’t believe it myself anymore.”

“Don’t you trust me?”

I didn’t answer.

“Drew, what reason have I given you not to trust me? I’m not a stranger. We’ve had several missions together.”

I had no intention of answering his question. “...It’s not personal, Jake… it’s the case with everyone... I’m just not a very trusting person… Team Rocket made me that way.”

“Why is that?”

Again, I said nothing.

After a few minutes of silence, Jake said, “It’s okay, Drew. You don’t have to tell me… It’s none of my business. But… I… thought you were different. The other executives are cold… except for you and your brother… I hope that’s not an act, too.”

We remained in silence for the rest of the flight. We landed outside Goldenrod City. Since we had time to kill before the tour started, we enjoyed some fresh air. I lit a cigarette and looked at him. I felt bad as I saw the disappointment I’d created consuming him. He still reminded me of myself at his age. Trying to find his way through life. Hell, I was still going through that.

When our free time was up, we made our way to KBN's tower with the plan in mind. Due to their lack of security equipment, bugging the building was not much of a challenge. Jake followed my lead after watching me a few times and placed tiny recording devices out of sight when I felt an object or tapped on something. The tour lasted about an hour. We returned to Black Phoenix afterward, and I set the controls on autopilot to take us back to the base.

“Will, we’re on our way back,” I said, holding down the “Talk” button again. “Mission was successful.”

“Great,” he replied. “See you two soon.”

After an uneventful and silent flight, the Viridian Forest’s vast green expanse came into view. I pressed the button that opened the ground for us to land. We descended and landed inside before closing the hatch, forever keeping the base a secret.

“Catch you later, Jake,” I said before I grabbed the box of artifacts and left Jake inside the hangar. I went down to my suite and put the box on the coffee table. Will left a note, saying he wanted Jake and I to eat dinner with him, but I had no interest in joining. I sat down, relieved to have some time to myself.


~ ~ ~


Having a day off was nice, but boredom was hard to escape. I usually resorted to exercising or reading the pokémon encyclopedias or other pokémon books I borrowed from the Viridian Library. Other times I went to events in the community, to put on the proper face as a gym leader, or go to our local tattoo parlor to have work touched up or to talk to the patrons. If it wasn’t for Team Rocket’s surveilling me when I went out in public, I would’ve enjoyed all of it more.

When I went into the cafeteria after a day filled with reading, I noticed Jake at a distant table, more agitated than the day before. From my table, I saw him talking with his tablemates, almost in a berating fashion with hand movements and annoyed expression. I was then curious as to what could be going through his head. Was I the cause?

In response to something said, he yelled at them and turned over his tray. The others got up, having enough of the exchange.

“Adams!” I called, motioning for him to come over to me. The other grunts, shocked to see this, stared with rapt attention. “Come with me.” I threw away my trash and led him downstairs to the safety of my suite.

“Have a seat,” I said, motioning to one of the couches. I sat on the other and saw his angry, sad face imploring why he was there. I hated seeing this bright, innocent kid changing because of his environment. If he wanted an answer, I’d give him the real one. As much as I hated opening up, I had no intention of letting him think I was like everyone else.

“…I didn't join.”

“What?”

“I didn't join Team Rocket.”

“How can that be?” he asked, puzzled. “You’re here right now. You’re second-in-command. You follow orders from William. How could you not have joined?”

“Because… Team Rocket forced me.”

As I explained, the memories I tried time and time again to forget felt less real.

“My parents divorced when I was still in the womb. My father was the leader of Team Rocket but kept it secret from my mother. They married shortly after they met and settled in Viridian City. When my mother found out, she left, took out a restraining order against him, and raised Will and me by herself. When he turned 10, he left to be a trainer and never returned home.”

“Why do you think that was?” Jake asked.

“Probably to look for our father. My mother believed he was closer to him.”

Jake didn’t respond.

“When I got older, I couldn’t wait to be a great pokémon trainer. My mother was hesitant to let me go, but she agreed after I promised to call her every week and come home after challenging the Pokémon League. I left for Pallet Town, but two goons ambushed me, tied me up, blindfolded me, and brought me to a strange office... the man standing before me was my father.”

I still remember his short, greasy, brown hair slicked back, his menacing smile and his dark, soulless eyes boring into his frightened child.

“My, my, Andrew, how grown-up you look.”

“W-W-Who are you? How d-d-do you know w-who I am?”

“That’s simple. Andrew, I’m your father.”

I knew nothing about my father, as my mother had not told me much about him. Still, I never believed I’d find him under these circumstances.

“I have an offer for you that I’m sure you can’t refuse. You can have all the money and power you could ever want, and I can help you get it. All you have to do is join Team Rocket.”

That much I had heard. All I was taught from the community and my mother was Team Rocket was evil.

“And what if I refuse?” I said. I’d had no interest in joining.

“Then you leave me no choice but to hold you here. Until you decide to join, we’ll be reminding you of why joining is in your best interest.”

“He had me beaten, cut, spat and urinated upon, deprived of my senses and restful sleep, hung by my wrists and mocked, taken into the snow without clothing, given large amounts of raw electricity, interrogated for hours on end, given hard manual labor, and so many other things I can’t speak of.”

Jake’s eyes were wide.

“It continued as long as I refused to join… I felt hopeless… After a year with no hope of escape in sight, I surrendered and agreed to my commissioning. But, the abuse didn’t stop… The older grunts thought it’d be fun to bully me and give me no moment's peace. For two miserable years, they beat me, ridiculed me, and much more. I despised my father for what he did, and Will never did anything to stop the abuse and acts today like it was only teasing.”

“You’re kidding…” Jake said, his jaw dropped.

I shook my head. “After a while, I started having nightmares. I relived my torture and the cruel missions I witnessed or worked. One day, I lost it when several big grunts bullied me. Fueled by rage, I pummeled them all and sent them to the medic. That was when I began to exercise everyday. The bullying didn't stop, but after I beat up anyone who dared to bully me, I became feared. So, I amped up my workouts more so I could take care of myself.”

For a while, Jake didn’t say anything, processing everything I told him. It was a lot to process.

“By the time I hit puberty at 13, the missions I received and the pokémon I received were ridiculous. I approached my father and told him I wanted tougher missions with stronger pokémon. He agreed and offered me a risky mission to see how I handled the pressure, which infuriated the grunts who later became our current executives… I was ready to prove myself.  I had an hour to go to the Pokémon Center in Viridian City during broad daylight and steal every pokémon but the chansey. I charmed and eluded the staff and the police by posing as an inspector. I obtained every pokémon and returned to the base in 30 minutes. My father was pleased and commissioned me as an executive and gave me full control of the Viridian Gym. And, I’ve held that position for the last five years.”

Finally, after a few moments of silence, he said, “Drew… I’m so sorry… What you told me was downright awful. What your father did was horrendous… It explains so much. I’m surprised you’re still in one piece.”

I didn’t respond, as there was nothing to say. He was right - it was awful.

“Why didn’t you try to leave?”

“It’s impossible. The guards patrol the headquarters as if their lives depend on it, and I’m always watched. I have very little freedom when I’m in public. I get some meager money on occasion, but I have no way to survive, and they have me wear a tracking device. If I were to try to remove it or travel outside the radius they give me for a mission or public excursion, it will burn into my skin. They tested it once on me, and just 10 seconds of it had me writhing on the ground and begging them to stop.”

“Why are you guarded?”

“I have no idea… I’ve never figured out why they want me so badly… but, if I don’t do exactly as William says, I’d be subject to torture and manual labor.”

We said nothing for a moment. Then, Jake broke the silence again.

“What happened to your father? Nobody answers my questions.”

“He disappeared three years ago. Some think he’s with a new organization, and others think he’s dead. Some of the executives have hurt feelings… We bugged KBN because Will wants to take over every station to tell him, wherever he is, that we want him back.”

“How do you feel about his disappearance?”

“I couldn't care one bit… If he’s dead, it’s exactly what he deserves. If he’s still alive, he better pray I don't find him.”

We were quiet again.

“Drew, do you ever think of… of what it would be like to be free?”

I looked at him. “I used to… but they’ve extinguished that idea from my mind a long time ago.”

He stood up and went toward the door, but he turned around and looked at me.

“I want to tell you something.”

“Sure, Jake, what is it?”

“I was wrong… for joining Team Rocket.”

He had my full attention.

“After hearing about your story… I realize now how valuable my choice in being a real trainer was. My priorities were wrong for joining… I’m going to quit to become a real trainer.”

I smiled. “Jake, that’s a great idea.”

His serious expression didn’t loosen. “But, I'm not going without you.”

His words shocked me, and I pulled him fast into my room and shut the door, talking in whispers as if the walls were spying on us. “Jake, don't be ridiculous. There’s no way I can go with you. They’ll kill me before they discharge me.”

“Drew, anything’s possible. Until yesterday, I thought that you were a strong pokémon trainer who could be my mentor. Now, I see something else… I see somebody that needs help. I want to help you break out and be free.”

Will was right about one thing: this kid had great potential. But, there was no means of escape.

I looked at him. “I want to escape, Jake… But I don't know how. The motivation isn’t there… They wouldn’t think anything if you left, but they're going to fight tooth and nail to keep me.”

He tried to smile, but he saw my hopeless expression. I led him back out to the front door.

“Good night, Drew. Thank you for sharing what you did with me… I know it wasn’t easy.”

“...You’re welcome,” I replied.

He put his hand on the doorknob. 

“…Jake?”

“Yeah?”

I smiled. “You’re a great kid. Don’t let anyone change that.”

He smiled and disappeared around the other side of the door.
 
The next morning, I spent some time training my pokémon, thinking about what Jake had said, before accepting a trainer challenge. After winning the match, I healed his pokémon and encouraged him to return for a rematch when he was ready.
 
Soon after, the executives called me down to the conference room for an impromptu meeting. I had little time to change into my executive uniform, but I arrived as they began.
 
“Thanks for coming,” Will said.
 
“Why am I here?” I asked.
 
“We need you to discipline that rude grunt that made a fool of me a few days ago,” Ariana said.
 
“Why?” I asked. “He did nothing wrong.”
 
“Drew, they said he stomped on her foot and called her a bitch,” Will said.
 
“Everyone did?”
 
He nodded, and I saw the suppressed smirks on their faces. It looked like they convinced Will.
 
“You want me to?”
 
They nodded.
 
“He’s in the game room,” Proton said, coughing over a snicker.
 
I swallowed and tried to stay in the moment. Thoughts of my being in that room vied for my attention, but that was exactly their agenda, even if Will didn’t see it.
 
I left the room and made the painful walk to the game room. I didn't think I could open the door, but I knew there was no other option. I opened the door and inched inside. The kid was sitting backward in a chair with his wrists bound, frightened. My heart pounded as I looked at the array of weapons available to torture members who failed to meet its standards of membership. Whips, tasers, and cat o’ nine tails were just a few of those present. While we disciplined misfits with only a few, I looked at them and remembered my experiences with each.
 
I could not maintain eye contact as memories flooded my consciousness. My eyes welled up, and I knew I couldn’t do it. I untied him and motioned for the door. I sat down in the corner and threw off the memories until I sat down, in a fog and unmotivated to get up. I don’t know how long I was there, but when I was finally able to grab hold of my senses, the kid was gone. I wiped my tears, got up, and left the room. I spent the rest of the afternoon in my suite, sleeping off and on.
 
That evening, after a shower, I put on my pajamas and sat in the living room, reading a book on the Johto region. Time flew by as I read, and there was a knock at the door. I looked at the time and saw that it was almost 10 PM. I threw on my robe and opened the door.
 
Our main guard Joe stood with Jake behind him. He was bigger than me and around Will's age. He had dark hair and eyes, though he preferred to keep his head shaved. He was reserved and serious during his shifts but was more friendly otherwise.
 
"I don't mean to bother you, Drew. This kid said he wanted to see you, but I wanted to make sure you weren't busy."
 
I was a bit surprised to see him, but I smiled and said, "It's all right, Joe. Thank you."
 
I let Jake in, removed my robe, and sat down on the couch with him.
 
“I heard what happened,” he said.
 
I remained silent.
 
“That guy is my friend, Ralph.”
 
“…I couldn’t do it.”
 
“He told me what you did... Drew, you can’t stay here.”
 
I sat down and looked at the ground. Jake sat down next to me.
 
“Is Will here?”
 
I shook my head.
 
“I've been thinking about what you said, and I have a plan that might work… that is, if you're interested.”
 
I was skeptical of any type of escape plan, but because of my interest, I wanted to at least hear him out.
 
“It's not a foolproof plan, but it might work. In a day or two, I’ll come down here and ask to see you. I’ll give you my empty backpack to fill with the things you want to take… I’d say around a week’s worth of clothes would do. Because the guards won’t suspect me of helping you, I can sneak it out. Then, whenever you want, I’ll meet you inside the rec room, and we’ll slip out.”
 
“But, how will we get out? What if they come after us? What if we're recognized by someone? Hell, how will we get past the guards? There’re at least three on every floor.”
 
“We can take care of them, don’t worry. You know how to disable the security systems, right?”
 
I nodded.
 
“Say we could get past the guards… what do you think of the plan?”
 
“…It’s doable.”
 
He smiled. “So… are you with me?”
 
“…I don’t know, Jake. There’s going to be so much involved with this… And, we might not be successful…”
 
“All we can do is try… Please, Drew… I know we can pull this off… I just need you to believe that we can.”
 
This was such a big decision, but the truth was I wanted to believe him. In retrospect, from my success in pokémon training, you couldn’t have victory without risk.
 
I nodded. “… All right…” I thought for a moment about what happens after curfew. “At midnight, the guards switch shifts, and there’s a small gap in which nobody patrols. We can escape then…” I thought about it again. “I’m sick of being underground. Let’s go tomorrow night.”










Chapter Two
 
 
 
The next morning, after Will left, I filled Jake’s backpack with my belongings. He left, saying he would stow it under his bed, and I went through the day as normal, training my pokémon. When I finished my work, Jake and I ate dinner apart so as not to make it seem like we were conspiring. I didn’t want to show any excitement because I wasn’t sure of how foolproof our plan was.
 
After dinner, the executives and junior executives met to discuss next month’s activities. I made mental notes of everything but remained silent. Then, after the meeting was over, I spent two hours exercising in the fitness center. I went back to my suite, took a shower, and made sure I wasn't leaving anything behind. Will was watching television in the living room, so I put on my robe and spent some time with him before he went to bed.
 
“Everything okay?” he asked.
 
I nodded.
 
“I can't thank you and Jake enough for going to Goldenrod. That’s done a lot in my effort to find Dad.”
 
I suppressed the urge to react like normal and said, “You’re welcome.”
 
“Have you talked to Jake lately? I told him we wanted to make him a junior executive, and he said he wanted to think it over.”
 
“I haven’t. I’m sure he’s taking his time on it.”
 
“Maybe,” he said.
 
“So, Will, how far along did our mission help you in your plans?”
 
“Because of you and Jake, we can listen in on every staff meeting and find out what events they’re planning. That’ll give us more than enough information to decide when we should take over.”
 
“How long do you think we need to listen before we act?”
 
“I don't want to rush it,” he said. “It might take us several days to put together enough information. We have loads on our to-do lists that we need to attend to first.”
 
We were quiet for a moment as I looked at him. I wondered how he would react to my escape.
 
“Drew, any reason you asked?”
 
I shook my head. “I hope… you’re successful in whatever you do.”
 
He smiled. “Thanks, bro. I know you and Dad never got along, but your willingness to help me… well, I value that…”
 
We spent quite a bit of time talking, going over things he needed me to do once we got closer to finding our father. My leaving and not being around to help him would sour whatever our relationship was, if you could call it one.
 
Will looked at the clock. “Wow, I didn't know it was this late… I’m exhausted.”
 
We both stood, and Will walked toward me.
 
“C'mon,” he said. “Just this once?”
 
This time, I decided not to resist. Once his arms were around me, I did the same.
 
“Thanks, Drew,” he said. “I hope you know that I care about you.”
 
I didn’t respond, but I gave him a smile, and we retired to our rooms. It was tough for me to think of anything else I could’ve said. Even with my troubled childhood, I had grown to care about him… but only a little bit. It wasn’t enough to forget everything.
 
I sat in my room with the door closed for a while before I heard Will snoring. It was close to midnight. I put on the clothing I’d reserved, snuck out of our suite, and tiptoed down the hallway toward the elevator.
 
Yet, the coast wasn’t clear. Right as I turned toward the elevator, I heard Joe call behind me, “Drew!”
 
Trying not to panic, I turned around to face him. I hadn’t expected him to be on duty. He must have switched shifts with someone. I began to think I was crazy for thinking I could slip out undetected.
 
“What are you still doing up?”
 
I thought of a lie to salvage the opportunity. “I couldn't sleep, so I thought I'd get in some more training.”
 
“Would you like me to escort you?”
 
“No, thank you, Joe. I can manage on my own.”
 
His emotionless expression didn’t change. “All right, I’ll see you when you return. Don’t stay up there too long.”
 
I got into the elevator, and I breathed a sigh of relief after the doors closed. That was close.
 
Once I was on the second floor, I made sure no guards were close by and ran to the storage facility. I entered the code to open the door, but it denied me. I entered the code three times, but the light by the keypad remained red. The code never changed. Who changed it?
 
But, I had a trick up my sleeve. Since I helped my father beef up security years before he disappeared, I knew how to disarm most of the systems. I entered the overriding code, the light turned green, and the doors opened. They shut after I entered.
 
The room, usually messy, was clean, which didn’t happen often. I walked over to the storage area’s computer and entered a command to retrieve my pokémon.
 
But, the computer denied my request, displaying the message: You do not have the authority to withdraw pokémon.
 
This made no sense. I’d never had trouble with the computer. I entered the command again.
 
You do not have the authority to withdraw pokémon.
 
I was growing more flabbergasted by the second. I switched to the command prompt and entered the code with my identification number.
 
As soon as I entered it, the computer’s screen read: Nice try, Andrew. But this is what you get for being such a prick. –Rodney.
 
I was glad I had demoted him, but I still needed to rescue my friends. I resolved to shut down the computer.
 
You do not have the authority to override Team Rocket’s pokémon retention system.
 
I entered the command again.
 
You do not have the authority to override Team Rocket’s pokémon retention system.
 
Rodney was crafty. I had to give him credit. I entered the command into the command prompt with my identification number.
 
The computer screen read: You haven't gotten past the brick wall yet? I guess you won't be battling for a while.
 
My anger rose. I typed a lengthy programming code that could override it. The only downside was it took several minutes to complete. Plus, I had no assurance that it would deactivate Rodney’s barricade. He’d already shown himself to be clever. Had he thought of everything?
 
Finally, the computer shut off. I breathed a sigh of relief and wiped the sweat from my forehead.
 
Take that, chump. I’ll let Will deal with you.
 
I ran toward the door that led into the storage area, but it felt as though I walked right into a brick wall. I fell on my back but jumped up and brushed myself off. The door was never locked, and I didn’t have the key. I pushed on it again. It was as if there was a deadbolt locked on the other side. Time was fleeting, and the thought of leaving my pokémon behind sickened me and gave me new resolve.
 
I kicked hard on the door, but it didn't budge. In a panic, I kicked on the glass separating us. Nothing happened. I took a deep breath and kicked it again with more force. It began to crack. I kicked it a third time, and the cracks widened. I closed my eyes, took in another deep breath, and kicked with all my might. The glass shattered, sending millions of shards all over the floor. I punched out some of the more jagged pieces and jumped through, scrambling on my sore foot. I looked through several rows before I found my pokéballs. I put them on my belt, unlocked the deadbolt, and limped through.
 
There, waiting for me in front of my door to freedom, was Joe. His grim demeanor made me forget that I’d spared my friends a lifetime of pain and forced labor.
 
“What do we have here?” he asked.
 
I sighed. This escape was getting more problematic by the minute. “Couldn’t leave well enough alone, could you?”
 
“I assure you, my job is to make sure no wrongdoing occurs during my watch. That was why Will hired me… I had a feeling you were up to something, so I went to Will. He has a lot of faith in you and told me not to bother you… He has such high regard for you, and this is how you repay him? For all the opportunities he’s given you?”
 
“You don't know what the hell you’re talking about!” I said. “You couldn’t imagine how sick and twisted Team Rocket is. You have no right to tell me that I’m being ungrateful.”
 
“You’ve gone mad," he said. "Do you even hear yourself?"
 
“I’ve gone mad? Will told you not to bother me!”
 
“That’s right, but I received a tip that there was foul play here. Going against his wishes was appropriate, and I was right. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have seen your attempt to escape with Team Rocket’s pokémon.”
 
I didn’t say anything. He was right. It was exactly how it looked. “Well, you’re half-right… But these are mine, after all. I caught and raised them.”
 
“If you think I’m going to let you get away with this, you’re mistaken. Once Will finds out-”
 
“If you think you’re going to escape and tell him,” I said, “you, sir, are mistaken.”
 
“And, what do you-”
 
In one split motion, I lunged at him, and we fell to the floor. For a few minutes, we wrestled, each of us trying to pin the other. I had the upper hand at first, but my exhaustion gave him the advantage. When my efforts were looking more futile, I struck him on the back of the head, knocking him out cold.
 
I brushed myself off and caught my breath. I retrieved a coil of rope from a nearby closet, tied him up tight, and dragged him into the storage area.
 
“Sorry, Joe, but this is for your own good. You’re only getting in the way.”
 
Before I locked the deadbolt, I noticed the keys on his belt. I unclipped them and looked through them, finding one that might be useful. I put it into the tracking device on my ankle, and it clicked and released. Oh, what a relief it was. I tossed it into the room and locked the deadbolt.
 
Finally, I jumped through the now barren window and entered a code into the keypad, making sure the doors wouldn’t open from the outside unless William used his code. Now I could make my exit.
 
I ran down the hallway to the elevator, my foot throbbing with each step. I took it up to the first floor and ran toward the rec room, not bothering to check if a guard was nearby. 
 
But, another obstacle stood in my way to freedom. Rodney, dressed in his grunt uniform, stood in the middle of the hallway, forcing me to stop. The 30-year-old grunt wore his thin glasses and short black hair with menace. After relieving him of his title, he’d received flack from other executives who thought he wasn’t competent enough to handle our security system and received mediocre duties. Since then, he’d given me death glares whenever he saw me. He was the last person I wanted to see.
 
At this rate, escaping would end up killing me.
 
“I see you got past all my defenses. If I wasn’t looking for revenge, it would’ve impressed me… douchebag."
 
“You don't give a shit about taking proper care of pokémon, you get butt-hurt because the executives say you suck, you tip Joe off about my plan to escape, and I’m the douchebag. That makes perfect sense.”
 
He narrowed his eyes at me, and the corners of his lips curled into a sneer, which made him uglier. “The tip wasn’t mine, and you just told me your intent to escape, but that’s beside the point. I live to frustrate you, and you made my job a little easier by coming to me.”
 
I cracked my knuckles and smiled. “That was your biggest mistake. After that coding obstacle course and getting past Joe, I have a lot of thanking to do.”
 
“So, it’s a battle you want?” he said, reaching for a pokéball on his belt.
 
He motioned as if he was about to release it, but I had hobbled over to him before he could release his grip and decked him hard in the mouth.
 
“Oh, I wouldn’t think of wasting my pokémon's energy with you.”
 
Before he could react, I grabbed his collar and swung hard, making contact with his nose. He fell over, his nose bleeding, and I took the chance to make sure he wouldn’t get up again. After a barrage of punches to his stomach and his face, he groaned on the floor with no intention of getting up.
 
“Thanks, I needed that,” I said before I stomped on his fallen glasses and threw them where he couldn’t reach them. “Don’t mess with your superiors, moron. The next time you cross me, I won’t be so nice.”
 
With every obstacle out of my way, I kicked him in the stomach and ran to the rec room. Jake and his friend Ralph were waiting for me. They wore normal clothes and had backpacks ready. Jake seemed excited to see me, but Ralph came across as more reserved.
 
“Sorry,” I said as I caught my breath. “Joe and Rodney held me up getting these.” I showed them the pokéballs in my hands. “I couldn't bear to leave them.”
 
“Drew, are you okay?” Jake asked. “You've got blood on your shirt.”
 
“It's not mine…” They looked concerned, but I changed the subject. “Are you both ready?”
 
They nodded.
 
“Drew, I’m sure you remember my friend, Ralph.”
 
Ralph gave a half-smile. “Thanks for sparing me.”
 
“I could say the same for both of you,” I said. “Let's get out of this hellhole.”
 
Jake handed me my backpack. After checking for guards, we ran down the passageway that led to the heliport.
 
A siren went off. No matter what code I pressed into a nearby keypad, it kept blaring throughout the whole floor. Who knew how far it went?
 
“I thought I’d thank you for your good deed!” Rodney shouted over the siren. “Enjoy, you useless piece of garbage!”
 
“Forget about the alarm,” Jake said. “This way.”
 
We ran as fast as we could, and Jake and Ralph stopped at what looked like an ordinary partition. What I never noticed was a hidden button unlocked a secret door with a passageway behind it. We couldn’t hear much over the siren.
 
“We're going to go through here,” Ralph shouted.
 
“Where does it lead?” I asked.
 
“You'll see,” Jake said.
 
Jake opened the door, and we went inside, shutting it and latching it behind us. Apart from the guidance from Jake’s flashlight, the tunnel was pitch-black.
 
After moving for a while, I walked right into Jake and Ralph.
 
“Oomph, what’s wrong?” I asked.
 
“Yeah, what’s up, Ralph?” Jake asked.
 
“We need to go a different way,” he said. “They’re going to expect us to travel to the end of this tunnel.”
 
“So, what do we do?” I asked.
 
“We need to take a different tunnel,” Ralph said. “That will throw them off.”
 
“What other tunnel?” Jake asked. “I’ve never known about a second one.”
 
“I didn’t either, but I just found out about it the other day. It’s an abandoned tunnel. They’ll never suspect us to take it.”
 
“I’m skeptical,” Jake said.
 
“Don’t be such a louse,” Ralph fired back. “You don’t know everything, Jake.”
 
I felt what must’ve stung Jake. I sympathized with him, and I wanted to believe Ralph knew where we were going, but something felt off. But, time was running out. Since they were helping me escape, I didn’t want to be in their way.
 
“Lead the way, Ralph. We’re losing our edge by waiting.”
 
After we moved around in a different direction for a minute, we went through a different partition. This one seemed similar to the previous tunnel, but the feeling I got from Jake began to make me nervous.
 
“I have a bad feeling about this,” Jake said. “In all our adventures, I’ve never known of another tunnel.”
 
“Stop your whining,” Ralph shot back. “You don’t know everything. This will for sure throw them off.”
 
“And, what’s with the attitude? You’ve never talked to me like this before.”
 
“Boys, let’s focus,” I said.
 
We moved for what seemed like 30 minutes, following its twists, turns, and sudden declines and inclines. I hoped Ralph knew the way. I picked up on Jake’s anxiety, which didn’t help my own.
 
Without warning, the ground beneath us gave way, plunging us several stories down into a soft pile of dirt in a dungeon below the earth. Aside from sending some pain into my foot, we were all right on impact. Looks like we ended up in the opposite place we wanted. It was lit by torches and felt cold and lifeless in contrast to their faint warmth. It wouldn’t have been as bad if it wasn’t for the faint Team Rocket emblem on the walls. Figures we were still in their territory.
 
“Ralph, where the hell are we?” I asked.
 
“You’re in hell,” he replied, his eyes looking darker than ever, “and you have no chance of escaping Team Rocket.” He gave a loud whistle, and out from the near door came Will and the executives.
 
The little snake had led us right into a trap, and this time escaping seemed impossible.
 
“Well, well, well, you little brat,” Ariana said to him. “You’ve done well. I didn’t think they’d be so gullible.”
 
“How could you?” Jake spat at him.
 
“Sorry, Jake, but friendship isn’t my thing. It only gets in the way of what you want… Now,” he said, turning his head toward the executives, “you promised me a junior executive job if I helped lead them here.”
 
“Yes,” Proton said, “let’s discuss this in private.”
 
They led him into the other room from which they appeared. The door shut, leaving Will and I to look at each other. My foot throbbed, and his grim demeanor said everything he was holding back.
 
“Why?” he asked me.
 
“Why what?”
 
“WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS?! Destruction of property? Injuring Team Rocket members? Disgracing our family?! ...Where do you want me to start?”
 
I said nothing. I had nothing to prove to him.
 
He came closer to me.
 
“Our family has given you a major platform, Drew, and this is what you decide to do to those who’ve supported you?"
 
“And, who would that be? Dad? Will, you have no idea what you’re talking about.”
 
“Oh, really? Enlighten me then.”
 
“Dad never supported me.”
 
“You must be crazy, little brother. You’re not mindful of how much he gave us.”
 
“He gave nothing,” I shot back. “In fact, he took away my childhood.”
 
“Really now…”
 
“...He kidnapped me and tortured me until I joined Team Rocket.”
 
“Yeah, I’ve heard that story peddled before… Drew, you’re delusional. Your imagination has gotten out of control.”
 
“...what?”
 
“That story is about as believable as what you said at home a short while ago… frankly, Drew, I think you’re jealous.”
 
“For WHAT would I be jealous of?”
 
“You’re not leader.”
 
“Will, don’t be stupid! ...I’d never sell my soul to be leader of such a grotesque organization.”
 
“An organization you are part of right now.”
 
“Not willfully.”
 
“Hardly.”
 
“You can deny it all you want, but it doesn’t change the fact that it happened.”
 
“Drew, let’s cut the bullshit to save some time… there are going to be consequences for those stories as well as all the destruction you’ve caused tonight.” 
 
“It goes to show that you’re part of the problem,” I said. “What I needed from you for the last 7 years was a supportive big brother who would’ve helped me through anything... but, you were distant until I showed promise in Team Rocket. Then you wanted to be in my life.”
 
“You have a lot of nerve saying that to the leader of Team Rocket.”
 
“You might be its leader, but that means nothing to me… family is supposed to support you… not profit on the suffering you’ve endured at its hands.”
 
He sighed and moved closer, almost within an arm’s reach. “I’m very disappointed in you, Drew. And, here I hoped it would be a nice family reunion after we took over KBN, but I guess I was wrong. You never wanted to be part of that.”
 
“I never wanted part of ANY of this! And, I have no interest in remaining a part of this evil cult our father cultivated.”
 
“Well, I’m afraid you cannot leave. You have far too much intel to walk away. Not to mention taking advantage of my kindness, so prepare to meet the brother you wish you’d never messed with.”
 
“Then be prepared for a fury of my own,” I replied. “You’ve never been in my path, Will, so I’m warning you. Walk away right now, or you’ll regret it.”
 
“You won’t be making any cheap threats here,” he replied. “You, on the other hand, will be punished and decommissioned as an executive.”
 
He reached for a pokéball on his belt, but I thought fast and swung hard at him, hitting him in the eye and knocking him down.
 
I released Dragonair. Before he could reach me, Jake and I jumped onto its back and flew fast up the way we ended up there.
 
“TWISTER. I REPEAT, TWISTER. FLEDGLING IS AIRBORNE. ALL UNITS IN PURSUIT!”
 
We returned to where we landed, but there was nowhere to go.
 
“Dragonair, give us your best Hyper Beam. We need to escape fast!”
 
It fired a high-energy attack at the earth above us, breaking through scattering earth all over us, allowing us to fly above ground again just outside Viridian City.
 
There was no time to lose. We flew as fast as we could, knowing very well we were now in immediate danger. 
 
 
 
~ ~ ~
 
 
 
Viridian City looked beautiful like it always did. The moon above us lit up the star-filled sky and blanketed its vast number of buildings and landmarks. I couldn’t remember the last time I'd been outside to appreciate this, even before I was old enough to leave home. Every evening for eight years, I completed a mission, or I was 40 feet underground. I wish the circumstances weren’t so dire so we could’ve appreciated the view more.
 
Jake was behind me, holding on tight, trying to keep his composure, but it was difficult. And, for good reason. Betrayal from someone close was horrible. I’ve had enough time to process my own.
 
“I can’t believe it,” he said through tears. “I wish I’d never shared any part of our plan with him.”
 
“Don’t focus on it,” I told him. “It is what it is. Let’s be strong together and get through this. We’re not out of danger yet.”
 
As we flew over the city, I noticed there were pokémon flying with us, with helicopters in the far distance. I suspected they were spies from Team Rocket, trying to keep tabs on us for the executives. I had no intention of letting Team Rocket know where I was.
 
Dragonair, use Ice Beam to lose them. We can’t have anyone following us.
 
Dragonair turned around, focused its energy, and shot out lightning-like ice at the enemy pokémon, scattering them in big icebergs. The helicopters evaded the attacks. It was imperative that we arrived in Saffron City as fast as we could. We still were nowhere near being safe. If some of Team Rocket’s pokémon could find us out here, then there was a possibility they could catch me.
 
Let’s go as fast as you can take us, Dragonair. Give us your best thunderstorm to sway the helicopters from reaching us.
 
Dragonair soared faster through the sky, and Viridian City faded from our view. After its orbs shone bright for a few moments, the weather intensified fast, and the winds and lightning were enough to intimidate any skilled pilot. Scizor kept us shielded from lightning using Light Screen as we flew.
 
We had to attack more pokémon and sway more aircraft. The longer we spent flying, the more I worried that our escape was as futile as I'd thought. At night, they could do anything without anyone seeing them. I wasn’t looking for a showdown.
 
After an hour of flying, the thunderstorm dissipated, and we reached Saffron City. I'd only been here a couple of times, but I'd never seen it at night. The whole city had a golden glow. After years of confinement underneath a city I missed more than anything, seeing this gave me hope that I could find help.
 
The first place I searched for and located was the Pokémon Center. We slowed our speed, and I had Jake step down onto the ground.
 
“What are we doing?” he asked me.
 
“I’m not putting you in danger. Jake, you’ll be safe here. I’m going to the Police Department.”
 
“I want to help you,” he said.
 
I shook my head. “It’s too dangerous, and I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if anything happened to you.”
 
“Nothing’s going to happen to me,” Jake said. “I want to go with you.”
 
“Team Rocket’s after me. You’re in danger right now if you stick close to me.”
 
He didn’t respond, seeing my point.
 
“Jake, you should stay for the night at the Pokemon Center and get some rest and then return home in the morning. See your family. This situation is a lot bigger than you realize… I’m not risking your life for this.”
 
“Drew, please-” Jake said.
 
“No, Jake… I need to do this alone.”
 
He looked upset.
 
“I mean it, kiddo,” I said. “Go home. Be the pokémon trainer you want to be. We’ll see each other again after all this is over.”
 
Jake put his arms around me. “I’m going to miss you, Drew.”
 
I wasn’t a fan of hugs, but I held him as tight as I could. “I’ll miss you, too… We’ll meet again. Now get inside. Team Rocket is probably much closer than we think. You’re not safe.”
 
We ascended into the air again and saw no aircraft were following us any longer. They must’ve regrouped, or possibly they were dispatching others on foot if they were in or closer to Saffron. Whatever was happening, we needed to act fast. After some searching, I found the Saffron City Police Department in the distance. We descended and landed on the ground, pains shooting up from my foot. At least we were in a public area, and the local diners and bars were still open, so hopefully there would be more witnesses here if anything happened. I called Dragonair and Espeon back to their pokéballs, took a deep breath, and limped up the steps up to the building, and went inside as quick as I could.
 
 
~ ~ ~
 
 
 
The police department was bustling, even at 2 AM. The receptionist failed to notice me for several minutes. I stood there with my pokéballs in my hand, trying to keep my paranoia in check and ignore my pain.
 
Finally, the receptionist had a free moment and turned to me, wearing a blank, uninterested expression. “How can I help you, sir?”
 
“I’d like to speak with the chief of police, please,” I said.
 
“Do you have an appointment?”
 
“At 2 AM? ...Err, no, I’m afraid I don’t...”
 
“Chief Douglas doesn’t meet with anyone without appointments.”
 
“I’m the Viridian Gym Leader,” I said. “It involves Team Rocket.”
 
Her expression seemed to change a bit, but her demeanor remained stiff.
 
“One moment, please,” she said before she picked up her phone and dialed an extension. “There’s someone here to see you. He says he’s with the Viridian Gym.”
 
She hung up the phone and looked at me.
 
“He’ll be with you shortly,” she said before she went back to her paperwork.
 
I sat down in a chair and waited, looking at my pokéballs and hoping something would come out of this meeting. The longer I waited, the more nervous I became.
 
A few minutes later, the chief of police came out to where I was sitting. He was a tall man that looked to be in his 50s with a gray mustache and kind eyes.
 
“Hi, there,” he said, offering his hand. “Ken Douglas.”
 
“Joseph Miller,” I said, shaking it. “Viridian Gym Leader.”
 
“It’s nice to meet you, Joseph. Come along to my office, and we can talk about your business.”
 
I followed him through many hallways to his office, limping hard. I sat down in front of his desk and set my backpack down. I still held onto my pokéballs, wanting a final moment with them before they took me into custody. It was bittersweet.
 
“What can I do for you, Joseph?”
 
I looked at him, swallowed, and took a deep breath. “I’m sorry, Chief Douglas. I’ve already lied to you about why I’m here.”
 
“What do you mean?”
 
“I am the Viridian Gym Leader, but my name isn’t Joseph Miller… My name is Andrew Brown.”
 
“…That name sounds familiar… but I still don't follow. Why did you want to meet with me?”
 
“Because… I’m the second-in-command of Team Rocket… and I’m here to turn myself in.”
 
He looked surprised. “You are?”
 
I nodded and lifted my shirt to show him the tattoo that confirmed my alliance.
 
“Well… that wasn’t what I was expecting to hear… Excuse my confusion if you would, Andrew. I’m trying to follow… So, you’re in Team Rocket. Why would you turn yourself in?”
 
“Because Team Rocket forced me to join when I was a child… and I want to help your officers destroy it.”
 
That was a lot of information to give to someone.
 
“All right, Andrew,” he said. “Before we proceed, I’d like to ask you more about what you told me… Team Rocket forced you to join?”
 
“Yes,” I replied. “Its leader Giovanni is my father.”
 
“You're kidding?!”
 
I nodded. “Yes, and my brother William is its leader since our father is gone.”
 
“He left?”
 
“Three years ago. We don’t know where he went. Some of us don’t even know if he’s still alive.”
 
“So, you’re telling me Team Rocket is a family organization?”
 
“…There are no family values, but I guess you could call it that. My father was adamant about us joining.”
 
“And, it wasn't your choice to join?”
 
“When I was 10, I left home to be a pokémon trainer, but my father had his subordinates kidnap me. I refused to join, so he tortured me for a year before I agreed.”
 
“I want to believe you, Andrew. I do. Do you have any evidence of said abuse?”
 
I stood up and took off my shirt and let him inspect my back. It was the only part of my bare upper body that sustained endless scars tattoo artists refused to cover up.
 
“Oh, my goodness, this is awful,” he said, feeling some of the patches of rough skin. “What did they do to you?”
 
“…I don’t think I can describe it,” I said. “A lot of beatings and labor in harsh conditions. No food at times. No medical care. Gangrape.”
 
His breathing was a lot more pronounced now. “How could a father do this to his own son?”
 
“It doesn’t make sense, does it?” I asked as I put my shirt back on.
 
We both sat back down, and he looked at me with a pensive, probing expression. “I couldn’t imagine how you dealt with that. That’s horrendous. You were how old?”
 
“Eleven,” I said. “The abuse stopped when I was 13… but, by then, I thought I’d never be able to escape.”
 
“Did he torture your brother, too?”
 
“My brother didn’t resist,” I said. “He joined willfully, and he was always treated like the golden child.”
 
“What did you do?”
 
“I… went with it. A while later I received a promotion and the Viridian Gym to run.”
 
“So, Team Rocket had control over it is what you’re saying?”
 
I nodded. “It still does... My father was the preceding gym leader.”
 
“If you felt trapped in it, how is it that you’re here?”
 
“An innocent kid who ended up in Team Rocket helped me escape.”
 
“And, where is he?”
 
“Since it isn’t safe right now, I told him to go to the Pokémon Center and then return home in the morning. I assure you, the kid hasn’t stolen any pokémon or done anything illegal after joining. He was given a false promise of a better life if he joined.”
 
“Hold on a moment,” he said before picking up his phone. “Yes, please call the Pokémon Center and let them know a boy is locked outside… Yes, just tell them that we sent him over due to an issue related to Team Rocket… All right, thank you.” He turned back to me. “The building would’ve been locked when he arrived since it’s past curfew, so this’ll allow him to be safe…”
 
“Thank you,” I said. At least there was some relief.
 
“So, Team Rocket is after you?”
 
I nodded. “I caused a lot of damage to escape, and I had an altercation with my brother. They’re most likely scouring the region to find me. They’ll only search at night so they aren’t seen.”
 
“How long were you in Team Rocket?”
 
“Seven years.”
 
“Well, Andrew, I’m blown away by everything you’ve told me, but I have one more question… why did you feel you had to turn yourself in?”
 
“Because I still agreed to be in Team Rocket. For the last five years, I've been somewhat absent from Team Rocket’s major plans, but I still completed small missions if needed. I may not have joined out of my own free will, but for seven years I did nothing to stop them. I contributed to the destruction. I’m ashamed of what I did, and I want to pay back the community for what my father’s organization did.”
 
“And, you feel you’re responsible for what they’ve done?”
 
I nodded. “Not acting is as bad as committing a crime.”
 
“I see,” he said. “Well, Andrew, I can tell you right now that it took a lot of courage to come here.”
 
“Thank you, sir, but I’m a criminal. Courage is for heroes. I don’t see myself that way.”
 
He tried to smile. “Well, if you’re set on turning yourself in, then I’ll escort you into our custody. You said you also wanted to help us take Team Rocket down, yes?”
 
“I have plenty of information your department needs to know. It will help you take them down, and it’ll also help keep our community safe.”
 
“All right. I’ll talk to my department in our morning meeting about it and see what we can do to help you help us.”
 
I gave him a half-smile. “Thank you, Chief Douglas.”
 
He smiled. “It’s my pleasure. Now, let’s see if we can get you settled."
 
I followed him out of his office and down a few hallways into the booking area. He explained to the jailer on duty about my situation without going into too much detail. I released my pokémon from their pokéballs and had a final moment with them before I was in their full custody. I held each close while they spoke.
 
After they finished talking, he turned to me. "What a strong team you have."
 
I smiled. "They're the reason why the Viridian Gym has a strong reputation."
 
“I don't doubt it,” he said. "Are we ready to go?"
 
I nodded and called my team back. “Thank you again. And, if you don’t mind, can you keep all of this from the media? If they cover it, that would jeopardize everything we try to do.”
 
“No problem,” he said. “See you in the morning.”
 
I gave the jailer my belongings before being booked, fingerprinted, photographed, and handcuffed. Afterward, he escorted me through several hallways into a lone cell set aside in a separate room. After he locked me in, he made his exit and locked the door behind him, leaving me to process through the day’s events before falling asleep.
 
 
 
~ ~ ~
 
 
 
The next morning, the jailer on duty woke me up and brought me my backpack. Chief Douglas and the department’s top officers requested my presence at their meeting. He removed my handcuffs so I could change out of my clothes and into a clean pair. He reapplied my handcuffs and led me through several hallways into a conference room. I was to sit next to Chief Douglas, who patted me on the back.
 
“Morning, Drew,” he said.
 
“Morning, sir.”
 
“I hope you rested well. My officers are very interested in finding out any information you have about bringing down Team Rocket.”
 
They made their introductions, but I didn’t remember their names. I was more focused on what I needed to tell them. I was also still thinking about how we could eradicate Team Rocket.
 
“All right, men,” Chief Douglas said. “This is Andrew. Last night, we had an insightful conversation about his background with Team Rocket. Afterward, we booked him and brought him into one of our private cells. Today, I’d like for us to hear from him about what Team Rocket is planning currently so we can work with him to destroy them.”
 
When it was my turn to speak, I repeated most of what I told Chief Douglas earlier in the day. This time, I went into more detail about what happened to me and what being in Team Rocket was like. Most of the officers listened and didn't ask any questions while I spoke. Some of them wanted clarification, but it seemed everything I said was straightforward.
 
“I’m not sure I believe this,” one of the officers said during my recounting of my torture.
 
“Drew, do you mind if I lift up your shirt?”
 
“Not at all,” I said before he proceeded to lift the back of my shirt up, revealing my scars.
 
The officer didn’t have any other comments, and I continued my story.
 
Once I finished, one of the officers asked, “So, now that you’re here, how can we help you?”
 
“I’d like to help your department take them down,” I said. “I knew I couldn’t do it on my own. I figured if you had someone who knew about how the organization works and what their plans were, forcing Team Rocket into extinction would be more successful.”

“Our department is one of many that has tried doing what you’re proposing,” a second officer said, “but we’ve always failed at apprehending the right people. What do you have in mind?”

“I’m not positive it will work, but there’s one way we could orchestrate this. Team Rocket is planning on taking over the radio tower in Goldenrod City to call my father Giovanni back to us. If they do, their hideout will be defenseless against a barrage of police officers, and I know how to get inside.”

“But, we can’t take most of our officers out of the city,” a third officer said. “This town has its own problems, so that would leave us shorthanded.”

“I thought of that, too,” I replied, “and my role as a gym leader might help with that. The other gym leaders know who I am, and I’ve met most of the Johto gym leaders at least once. If your department brought them to a – well, let’s call it a conference – in Saffron City, I could try to recruit them. Then, your department wouldn’t be shorthanded. Plus, we could try to partner with the Viridian and Goldenrod Police Departments so it does not impact Saffron’s as much.”

The officers murmured among themselves.

“What else is Team Rocket planning beside the radio tower heist?” a fourth officer asked.

I told them everything discussed in yesterday’s meeting, including their other plans. “They’re also planning some bigger missions that could be catastrophic. They want to steal pokémon from the Safari Zone and the Dragon Den in Blackthorn City to bolster their reserves and to sell. They’re also hoping to swarm the Alph Ruins to learn more about the Unown and start planting people within the Pokémon Inspection Agency to shut down gyms and steal powerful pokémon from Pokémon League tournaments.”

The officers were silent. I agreed with their silent thoughts. Team Rocket needed to go.

“That’s a lot of valuable information, Andrew,” Chief Douglas said. “Thank you. So, your plan would be to infiltrate the hideout and swarm the radio tower?”

I nodded. “I’m happy to help in any way possible to pay back my debt.”

“Do you have any other questions for Drew?” Chief Douglas asked his men.

“So, how would you suggest we organize this conference with our gym leaders?” a fifth officer asked.

“…I’d book a one-hour window at Saffron City Hall and contact Dustin Zane of the Pokémon League and ask if he could invite our guests here on our behalf. They already know me as Joseph Miller, so if we say that I’m organizing the event, they’ll be more inclined to come. And, we need all the best trainers we can get, so I’d include Elite Four members in this as well.”

The officers nodded in agreement.

“All right, men,” Chief Douglas said, “thank you. We’ll meet again tomorrow.”

The guard escorted me back to my cell, and Chief Douglas brought breakfast to us so he could eat with me. It was an unusual thing to see, but I appreciated everything he was doing for me. Of course, he wanted to know more about Team Rocket, but he also wanted to know what I liked about Saffron City so far, what some of my tattoos represented, and if I had any family still in Viridian City.

When we finished eating, Chief Douglas asked, “Is there anything else I can do for you?”

“You know, there is, sir. I’ve been having weird dreams about the trauma I experienced… And there are times when I can’t control my anger or my emotions… I don’t know why, but I’d like to talk to someone..."

He smiled. “I’m sure I can find the right person for that. If there’s anything else, I’m happy to help.”

After he left, I spent the rest of the day in my cell, thinking, uncertain of everything that had happened within the last 24 hours. Who was I, and what had I done with the old Andrew Brown?

I'd surprised myself. I never thought I’d find the courage to escape, considering the surveillance. Now I didn’t have to worry about completing pointless missions or being in my room by curfew. It was an unfamiliar feeling. Team Rocket was all I knew. I wondered how I’d continue to adjust to not being in that environment. At least I'd be warm every night. The jail cell was cool when night fell, but it was not as frigid as being 40 feet underground. It was much more manageable.

~ ~ ~


The next morning, after I woke up, the guard escorted me to a communal shower for the other prisoners. He removed my handcuffs and left me to do what I needed. The other prisoners took notice but decided not to mess with me when they saw my tattoos and scars. I washed quickly and left promptly to ease my discomfort.

Once I was clean, he took me back to my cell so I could dress, and then I went to the prisoners’ cafeteria. I was content with eating by myself, as I didn't feel like making connections here, especially if they discovered my real identity. But, it was only a matter of time before they knew, and I didn’t think Chief Douglas would let anything go awry under his watch. Once I finished, rather than taking me back to my cell, the guard escorted me to a smaller holding room.

Inside was a man I’d never met. He had blond hair, blue eyes, and looked to be in his early forties. He dressed well in a button-down shirt and khakis, and the smile on his face made for a less awkward introduction.

“Good morning, Andrew,” he said, offering his hand. “I’m Taylor Namada, a licensed clinical and family counselor. Chief Douglas said you wanted to talk to someone about something going on with you.”

“Yes, I did,” I said, shaking it. “It’s very nice to meet you, sir.”

I sat down at the table with him.

“Chief Douglas has told me a lot about you, and he mentioned you were experiencing some strange dreams. Tell me about them.”

“Well… I don’t know how to explain them… It’s like I’m daydreaming during the day, but these daydreams are nightmares. They’re terrifying… and I can’t escape them. They don’t last forever, and I always feel confused and disoriented afterward. And, then I have terrifying dreams at night when I’m trying to sleep.”

“What happens in these nightmares?” he asked.

“It’s like I’m… going through torture again. It scares me to death.”

“Do you experience any other things with those nightmares?”

“At night, I shake a lot. And there are some nights I can’t sleep, or I sleep too much… And, I sweat a lot. And, I don’t know why, but there are times I can’t control my anger. Or my tears. And, there are times my mind is nothing but a fog.”

“Hmmm, that’s all very interesting,” Dr. Namada said. “How old are you, Andrew?”

“I’m 18.”

“And, when were you kidnapped, commissioned, and everything?”

“My father kidnapped me at 10, tortured me until I was 11, and others bullied and abused me until I was 13.”

His expression remained solemn.

“Well, Drew, what you’ve described to me is like what many of my patients experience… I’d have to do a proper assessment, but I’m pretty sure you have what’s called complex post-traumatic stress disorder.”

I didn’t believe him. Those last few words wouldn’t leave my mind. “What? I don’t understand. What is that?”

“PTSD is a mental condition many people who endure traumatic experiences develop when their minds can't process information in a healthy way. Those who work in law enforcement or are victims of domestic violence and abuse are prone to develop it. Complex PTSD develops when the trauma takes place for an extended period of time, and it requires a longer recovery time.”

This wasn't happening. I thought I was past the torture and pain, but my father’s evil had damaged me far worse than I'd realized. I had a feeling I wasn't well, but having a mental disorder because of him made my blood boil and my tear ducts open. I got up and turned toward the door.

“Andrew, where are you going?”

I opened the door, tears blinding my vision.

“What’s going on?” the guard asked.

“Please take me back to my cell,” I said, losing my composure as each moment passed.

The guard honored my request and took me back to my cell, but Dr. Namada was right behind us. He tried talking to me through my cell, but I was in no shape for talking. This revelation stung.

“Andrew, please talk to me.”

“Please, leave!” I said, my sobs overshadowing my voice. “I want to be alone.”

When he concluded I was adamant in my wishes, he left me to my thoughts as I spent the rest of the day in this new emotional turmoil.










Chapter Three

 

The next few days went by unnoticed. I didn’t bother to keep up with them. Time didn’t mean anything to me anymore. I sat in my jail cell, doing nothing but staring at the ceiling and asking myself how I let myself get to this point. I felt devastated and lonely, and I didn’t want to see anyone. Not even the guard that checked on me on occasion.

Why had I sold myself out? Why did I agree to be a part of Team Rocket? It tormented me. I would’ve been better off if I’d refused to join and been killed out of frustration over my resistance. Anything would’ve been better than this.

As far as I knew, I was a hopeless cause. Chief Douglas was a fool to think any gym leader or Elite Four member would want to help me. I would spend the rest of my life here, my scarred flesh rotting as I served my sentence, trapped forever in the frightening labyrinth my mind had become.

Memories came back to me over how my journey began. When I became a gym leader, my father had not allowed me to use my own pokémon. The pokémon supplied by Team Rocket would not have won me any victories. In defiance, I had caught and trained my own team in my down time during crucial missions. If my father ever found out, he had never said anything.

Tears flowed freely from my eyes remembering how I had encountered my team. It was as if it was only yesterday.

I was newly installed as gym leader, but I was tasked with completing a weeklong mission in Ecruteak City, and my efforts to find my first pokémon were unsuccessful. I searched all afternoon when my morning duties were complete, but I came back to the Pokémon Center empty-handed.

Outside the pokémon Center, a man in a frilly blazer was speaking with one of the nurses, and he caught my attention when I walked by. In his arms was a pokémon I recognized but had never seen in person.

“Hey, you,” he said. “Are you a trainer?”

I nodded.

“Do you have any pokémon of your own?”

I shook my head. “I’ve been searching all day to catch some but haven’t been very lucky.”

I saw a smile on his face. “Tell you what, I happen to have one here I can’t care for. This eevee found me one day at work, and I just don’t have the time. Would you be willing to take care of it?”

I looked into his eyes, and its happy demeanor just won me over. How could I have refused? It was far too adorable for me to say anything else. “Of course I would!”

His smile grew.  “Wonderful. This little cutie is an amazing pokémon and will be your partner for life. Please take great care of it.”

“I will, sir. Thank you!”

So many memories came with Eevee. We played and trained any chance we got, and it was the perfect companion I never thought I’d find. I caught a show at the Ecruteak Dance Theater one day and watched with rapt attention with Eevee in my lap as the Kimono Girls danced with their pokémon, all evolved forms of eevee. I knew that whatever happened in the future, we would be bonded forever.

However, I had to protect it at all costs, as Team Rocket saw it as being very rare. I protected it from everyone who wanted to steal it. After we had been together for a while and gotten stronger as a team, an altercation showed how close we’d become.

“Just hand it over, and I’ll leave you alone,” one of Team Rocket’s goons said.

“How about you just get lost?” I had no interest in dealing with anyone. This wasn’t up for discussion.

“How about you just give it to me and make this easier?” The goon shoved me against the wall.

I countered by shoving him harder and tripping him as he fell back. “I said no. Now, get lost before I report you.”

The same goon came back later with a larger group of goons as we were training in the gym, surrounding us.

“You should’ve made it easier on yourself. Now, we’re going to take your pokémon by force.”

“I don’t think so,” I said. “You’re going to have to get through me first.”

Normally, one goon would’ve been no problem. But with so many of them, I couldn’t defend myself. I tried my hardest to outfight them, but they overpowered me. Once I was on the ground, bleeding and so sore that I couldn’t get up, the men surrounded me and chuckled.

“Looks like we won,” they said. “Now, we’ll just take your pokémon and be on our way.”

However, Eevee jumped in front of me, growling and unwilling to let me be defeated.

“Okay, Eevee, let’s go,” they said. “You won’t have to worry about serving this weak trainer anymore.”

Not looking to acquiesce, it bit the goon who tried to grab it.


“You fucking prick,” he exclaimed, rolling his hand into his shirt to stop the bleeding. “That’s it, let’s battle this thing into submission.”

They released their pokémon, so Eevee was up against two raticate, two ekans, and two golbat.

When I thought this was going to end terribly, Eevee began to glow, shocking all the goons as its form grew larger. When the light faded, Espeon stood in its place, growling, its fur arched and ready to battle. Before they could respond, Espeon glowed a faint blue color, and it immobilized the goons and their pokémon with Confusion and hurled them multiple times against the far wall until they were all knocked out. This was enough to make them run away in fear and never bother me again.

I was amazed, and it came over to me and kissed my bruises. This creature was my best friend, and the memories of it left me in tears.

My other pokémon were obtained after eevee joined my team. I caught Scyther in the Safari Zone after following it and befriending it on a day off. Zubat was abandoned by its mother when I found it at Mt. Mortar. I nursed it back to health, and it became another loyal teammate. Larvitar was found outside Mt. Silver, Dratini outside Blackthorn City, and Vulpix outside Goldenrod City, all of which became strong competitors. They also became my closest friends, as I trusted nobody in Team Rocket, and now all of them were gone. I wallowed in my loneliness as I waited for my life sentence to arrive.


~ ~ ~


When I least expected it, Dr. Namada was back to visit me.

“Do you want to talk about it?” he asked.

I didn’t respond. As nice as this was, I didn’t want to see anyone.

“Andrew, I know this is difficult for you to process. In spite of that, there’s still hope.”

I looked at him, and for some strange reason, I was crying again. I didn’t believe him. I felt broken. Nothing could repair what my father destroyed. I didn’t want anything or anyone. All I wanted was my pokémon, but it felt like they were gone. I could hardly feel any connection to them. My mind was destroying me, and my heart was breaking.

“There is,” he said. “I counsel plenty of people who have your condition. With treatment, you can live a normal life.”

“…How would I lead a normal life?!” I said. “I was tortured! Raped! I can never get those images or feelings out of my mind! …Now they’ve turned to poison.”

“You can, Andrew,” he replied. “If you believe you can. The only thing holding you back right now is you.”

“Why do you believe in me? Haven’t I disappointed you like I have everyone else?”

He shook his head. “You haven’t disappointed me. The fact that you escaped and organized a conference shows all I need to see to believe in you.”

I wiped my eyes. “You must either be the dumbest fuck I’ve ever met… or my mind is playing tricks on me right now.”

“I assure you, I have faith in your recovery, as everyone here does.”

I didn’t say anything. Nothing came to mind. Were there people out there beside him that believed in me?

“So, what do you want to do?” he asked me.

“Is staying in this cell and feeling sorry for myself an option?”

Dr. Namada chuckled and shook his head. “I don’t think you’d be happy.”

I sighed. “Well, I don’t know what other option there is.”

“There is another option,” he said. “It’s deciding that you’re more than your circumstances, that you’re not going to settle for what happened to you, and that you’re going to do everything you can to reverse its effects. But, I can’t help you if you’d rather wallow in this.”

I didn’t respond.

“Whether you believe what I’m saying or not, there is help out there for you. You can regain everything taken from you... What do you want most right now?”

"Besides my pokémon?"

He nodded. "You must miss them a lot."

I thought long and hard about what he said. Finally, I concluded, “I don’t want my mind to remain like this.”

He smiled. “And, I assure you that it won’t. This won’t be easy, but, if that’s what you want, I can help you get there.”

I looked at him and then looked away. “So, what do I need to do first?”

“The first thing you need to do is do what you need to do while you’re here,” he said. “Then, afterward, we can discuss what treatments would be best for you.”

I felt a bit better than I had since our first meeting, but I still wanted to be alone. He seemed to get the hint, so he said goodbye and left me to my thoughts. I felt overwhelmed, so I spent the rest of the day sleeping off and on. I was still skeptical if there was hope. For now, all I wanted was to sleep the rest of my life away.


~ ~ ~


The guard woke me up, telling me today was the day of the conference. I stumbled as I left my cell and followed him through the many hallways to the communal shower all prisoners used. He removed my handcuffs, and I went inside and showered, ignoring the other prisoners inside. I didn't notice, but it seemed like they were ignoring me as well. I figured that was a blessing in disguise. It was nice to be clean again, but my only focus was to spend as little time as possible with the naked men around me.

He escorted me back to my cell in my towel, and I dressed in something casual from my backpack. The guard escorted me to Chief Douglas’ office without putting my handcuffs back on my wrists. He gave me my cigarettes before sitting down.

“Good morning, Andrew,” he said. His warmth was strange and comforting today.

“Good morning,” I replied.

“How are you feeling? Dr. Namada told me you were feeling down over the last few days.”

“I’m doing all right… I’m still coming to terms with my condition.”

“And, we’re all here to support you,” he replied. “You look refreshed. Today’s the big day, you know. Our whole department’s been anticipating it.”

“I’m ready,” I said. “But, I'm not sure how much help we’ll get.”

“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “We’ll take care of this with whatever help we receive. Our police force can fill in the gaps.”

Since it was close to lunchtime, he brought me with him into the cafeteria with the other officers. They were serving chicken strips, mashed potatoes, and greens. Everything looked delicious, and I was hungrier than I thought. All the officers now knew who I was and were very friendly to me. I was a criminal outnumbered by officers. I felt strange being there.

The officers who sat with us dominated the conversations, asking me about how I was doing and my time as gym leader. It was a tough conversation since I hadn't seen my pokémon in days, and they were the sole thing on my mind when I was alone. It was almost too painful to talk about, but I bore with it. I ate until I was full, which ended up being three plates of food.

When we finished eating, Chief Douglas and I walked the short distance from the police department across the courtyard to City Hall. The conference was almost here, so we waited outside until the officers surrounding the building told us everyone had arrived. I smoked a few cigarettes while we waited.

When it was time, Chief Douglas walked onto the makeshift stage. I waited outside the door, not wanting to draw attention to myself yet. I was both thrilled and nervous.

“Thank you, everyone, for coming on such short notice,” Chief Douglas began. “We’ll try to keep this brief, but I can’t make any promises… I’m sure you’re all wondering why we asked you here today.”

He looked in my direction, and I swallowed hard.

“The Saffron City Police Department needs your help with an important mission. To brief you on specifics, I’m going to give the microphone over to our speaker and organizer of this event. Please give a warm welcome to the Viridian City Gym Leader, Joseph Miller.”

Everyone applauded. I entered the conference room and saw smiles on our guests’ faces. I took a deep breath to calm my nerves. Behind where my guests sat, police officers guarded the exits. I felt safe and unnerved all at once.

Chief Douglas handed the microphone to me and patted me on the back before taking his place next to the door.

“T-thank you all for coming,” I said.

For a moment, I didn’t know what to say. To not make a fool of myself and faint from nerves, I sat down on the stage so that I was closer to them. At least I wouldn’t fall. Still, they looked pleased to see me. Oh, how I wished I hadn’t lied to them. I had no idea how they’d respond.

“You deserve to know why I asked you here… So, here it goes…” I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. “…I’ve lied to all of you… for the last five years that I’ve been Viridian’s gym leader… And, it’s time to come clean.”

Our guests looked confused. Here I went. No pain, no gain.

“My name isn’t Joseph Miller… My real name is Andrew Brown… And, not too long ago, I was the second-in-command of Team Rocket.”

I wasn’t expecting a different reaction. Everyone looked shocked. Surprised. Overwhelmed. Some even looked angry. But, I still didn’t feel prepared.

“I’ve hated to keep this from you, but I couldn’t say anything. I figure you deserve to know the tr-”

Lt. Surge stood up from his chair. In frank terms, he looked pissed and ready to knock out my teeth.

“Surge, I-” I began.

“Save it, Brown,” he said. “I want nothing to do with anything you’re proposing!”

“Can’t I explain-”

“Fuck you, Brown!” he said. “Back where I came from, we hold onto our morals. I hope they throw the book at you! I’m out of here!”

“Well, if he’s leaving, then I’m not staying!” Erika said, standing up.

“Erika, I-”

“No, Joseph- I mean Andrew! Or whoever you are! You’re part of Team Rocket! Why should we help you?!”

“Yeah, why should we help?” Pryce said, also standing up. “You’re a criminal. Why aren’t you in jail?”

“You ought to be ashamed of asking us to help you!” Bugsy said.

The anger was rising, and I didn’t know how I could regain control of this situation. More people were standing up, one by one.

“SIT DOWN, ALL OF YOU!” came a voice from one of my guests that made all other sounds stop.

They turned to her, as did the heads of the other guests. I didn’t recognize her at first, but I thought she was part of the Elite Four. I couldn’t place her name. Did it start with an “L”? I wasn’t sure.

“Why?” they asked, less harsh because they were speaking to a lady with seniority.

“Because we agreed to come here and listen to him,” she said. “Yes, you’re shocked, like everyone else here. What reason do we have to leave? The police are here, guarding us, and Chief Douglas knows this guy... I’m not going anywhere.”

There was some general agreement among everyone else.

“We are still a family,” she continued. “Even Andrew. Family doesn’t give up on each other.”

“But, he’s with Team Rocket!” Lt. Surge said.

“They almost destroyed my town!” Pryce said.

“And mine!” Erika and Bugsy said together.

“I don’t care!” the woman said. “They’ve interfered in my life, too… I’m not leaving. I’m going to give him the benefit of the doubt.”

“I agree,” Sabrina said. “I can sense it. There’s no evil in this man’s heart. We can trust him.”

Feeling a bit defeated, the rebelling group walked back to its seats and sat down, sulking.

“Uh… thank you,” I said to the unnamed woman. “…I feel like a fool for not knowing your name.”

“It’s Lorelei,” she said. “And, I hope you know that even though I defended you it doesn’t mean I trust you. You'd better have a good reason for taking us out of our busy schedules.”

“Yes, ma’am,” I said.

I surveyed everyone and knew I had a lot of bridge building to do once this was over.

“I don’t blame you for not trusting me. If I were you, I wouldn’t either. Before I explain why I need your help, you deserve to know why I became a part of Team Rocket at all… And, the truth is I didn’t join willfully. Giovanni, Team Rocket’s leader, is my father.”

There were several gasps from my guests. Some of the heated expressions had softened. Others still needed to hear more.

“You know… I sort of see the resemblance now,” Bruno said.

“When I was 10, like some of you, I dreamt of becoming a pokémon trainer. But, when I left home, my father kidnapped me. When I refused to join, he had his thugs do the most horrible things to me. It went on for a full year before I agreed to be commissioned.”

“I don’t believe you,” Lt. Surge said.

“What do I have to do to prove this is the truth?” I asked him.

“Do you have any proof?” Koga asked.

I'd hoped this wouldn’t come up, but I figured it was worth it. They wouldn’t be able to deny it afterward.

“Yes, I have proof…”

“Well, then, let’s see it!” Lt. Surge said.

I set the microphone on the stage and allowed gravity to bring me back to the ground. I removed my T-shirt and put it on the stage.

“When I got older, I wanted to tattoo over my scars so I wouldn’t have to see the pain I endured and see positive things instead,” I said, “…but I didn’t tattoo over everything…”

I turned around and showed them my back. The silence was deafening. I stood there, hearing people get out of their chairs. I felt them inspecting my scars, feeling rough skin where smooth skin should've been. I heard a few people whispering with each other, and I even heard a couple of people stifle back sniffles. If they looked hard enough, even through my tattoos, some of my scars were still visible.

When I'd had enough, I walked back to the stage, put my T-shirt back on, and faced my guests again. More faces had softened, but I was nowhere near finished.

“Is that enough proof for you?” I asked, directed more at Lt. Surge than the others.

“I still would’ve refused,” was all he said.

“You’re right,” I said. “I hate myself, too. I shouldn’t have said yes. I’m aware of that. I couldn’t take the torture anymore. I get it. Now… can we move on?”

Nobody said anything.

“...I was bullied for two years until I started standing up for myself. By that time, I thought I'd never be able to escape, so I did what I could to stay alive… My older brother was around but never did anything to look out for my welfare and still doesn’t believe I was tortured… When I was 13, after completing mediocre missions, I received a promotion, along with running the Viridian Gym. I’ve run it since, and I was genuine in wanting to make it the best gym I could.”

“I have a question,” Brock said. “If everything you’ve said is true, then why are you here? Why are all of us here?”

“…A week ago, I escaped from Team Rocket headquarters… I came straight to the Saffron Police Department and turned myself in… but, I told Chief Douglas I wanted to help police destroy Team Rocket before I paid back Team Rocket's debt to our community… And, I asked all of you here because you’re the best trainers around.”

“What do you mean you escaped?” Lt. Surge asked with disbelief.

“There were guards watching me. I had to wear a tracking device anytime I was in public-”

“But, my question is why? Why would they go to such measures to keep you in Team Rocket?”

“…I don’t know,” I said. “I wish I knew…”

There were some murmurs from everyone.

“The mission I’m asking for your help with is risky, but, we can be successful… I would need your help with carrying it out. I’d rather not take a lot of Saffron City’s officers out of the city for it…”

Everyone was silent, but a majority of the anger was gone. They looked at me with solemn expressions.

“What would we need to do?” Morty asked.

“I’d need you to bring your best pokémon and help me arrest Team Rocket members, recover pokémon, shut down their hideout, and foil their latest attempt of taking over the region.”

There was silence. I guess there wasn’t any other business to discuss.

“I’m so sorry I lied to all of you… but I didn’t feel I had a choice… The torture damaged me more than I thought… especially after a psychiatrist diagnosed me with PTSD.”

There were a few gasps.

I tried to hide my tears behind my eyelids, but I didn’t think I was successful. A few slipped out.

“I can understand if all of you hate me right now… but, Chief Douglas and I would kindly appreciate any help you can give for this mission… I have nothing else to say. You’re free to leave. I’m sorry to have kept you from important business.”

Lt. Surge was the first to leave, but the rest of our guests took their time. A few of them came up to me and talked to me afterward.

Lorelei was much kinder now and managed to smile.

“I’m not mad,” she said, seeing my fear. “I’d love to help you out.”

My tears were hard to control, especially when she asked about my pokémon.

“They sound wonderful,” she replied.

“I miss them so much right now,” I said, in tears again.

“They’ll be fine, honey. And, so will you.”

Misty and Brock came up to me. It was nice to see them again, especially since they were the two I was closest to (since our gyms were near each other). They were on board to help. As was Morty, Koga, and several others. Even Lance, someone I looked up to and hadn’t talked to much before today, said he wanted to help.

Once everyone left, Chief Douglas and I went outside. I lit a cigarette and spent some time smoking to clear my head.

“How did you think it went?” he finally asked when I lit a second cigarette.

“I don’t know…” I said. “…I guess we’ll find out in two days.”

When our break was over, he escorted me back to my cell after dinner. He handcuffed me again, and I spent the rest of the day there, deep in thought and later falling asleep.










Chapter Four

 

Someone nudged me awake out of dreamless sleep. Usually, I was thankful to be awake and not enduring another nightmare. But, today, being woken out of restful, nightmare-free sleep annoyed me. However, when I saw it was Chief Douglas, I realized being rude to someone so helpful to my situation was out of line.

“I’m sorry, Andrew,” he said when he saw my reaction. “I didn’t mean to disturb you, but we’re getting ready to leave for our mission.”

I rubbed my eyes. “Don’t be, sir. I’m sorry. I didn’t know it was you.”

“I forgot this was a big day for you,” he said. “Do you need anything?”

I shook my head. “...A shower is all.”

“If you come with me, we can get you taken care of.”

With my handcuffs limiting my capabilities, I took a clean pair of underwear from my backpack and followed him, to my surprise, to the department’s locker room.

“Everything’s provided for you,” he said as he removed my handcuffs. “A spare police uniform and everything you need is in locker #639. I’ll be waiting outside for you.”

I made haste and took my shower, doing my best to wake myself up. I needed to be as alert today as I’d ever been. A great deal depended on our victory today. There was so much room for failure, and that wasn't an option for me.

I felt determined to see my plan through to the end. I bore my soul to countless people, asking for their help when they could’ve told me to go to hell or rot in jail. I couldn’t let them down, and I had no intention of giving up. Even if it killed me, I was going to take down Team Rocket with every fiber of my being.

For once, I felt invigorated after my shower. After I dried off, I put on the police officer’s uniform, socks, and shoes in the locker and went back outside into the hall. Chief Douglas was there, waiting for me.

“And, here you go,” he said, handing me my cigarettes and pokéballs. “In case you need extra support or a stress reliever.”

It felt good to have my friends back, and I could feel their energies within my mind as soon as he placed them in my hand. I placed them against my cheek for a few seconds before I put them on my belt and slipped the cigarettes into my pocket. I followed him into the lobby, where my entourage was, all dressed in police officer’s uniforms. Everyone looked ready and determined to bring down Team Rocket with me. I guess there was some hope after all. Some of the best pokémon trainers were here. If we couldn't bring them to justice, nobody could.

Lt. Surge and I made eye contact, but he broke it fast and returned to his conversation with Misty. He seemed very interested in their conversation, but her facial expressions didn’t match his. While he was enthusiastic and charming, she seemed distracted and uncomfortable.

She caught my gaze and smiled at me. I smiled back but then looked around for something to do. Brock and Lance were talking and, when they saw me, motioned for me to join them. Seeing as how I didn’t have many friends here, I figured I should go with those who seemed friendly. I walked over to them and shook their hands.

“You feel ready?” Lance asked me.

“Sure do,” I said. “But, it feels weird to be here and see everyone here.”

“Why’s that?” Brock asked.

“Well…” I began, putting my thoughts together as I spoke, “I always hoped I’d get the chance to do this. Even when I first met Chief Douglas, it didn’t guarantee this would happen. The same went for the conference with all of you. Nobody had to help me. Seeing this coming together today, it’s… it’s overwhelming.”

I caught Lt. Surge’s eyes again, beginning to feel uncomfortable with the situation.

They seemed to notice and smiled.

“We’re happy to help you,” Brock said.

“Especially since that means Team Rocket will be gone for good,” Lance said, taking a more solemn tone. “They’ve done so much damage to trainers, businesses, and pokémon. Even if not everyone looks at you with favor, at least it says something that they want to help you take out a common enemy.”

I nodded. “I’ve waited my whole life to do this. I don’t intend on holding back.”

We stepped outside while everyone continued to chitchat. I'd waited a long time for this reunion. I released my pokémon and spent some time holding them and assessing them for the day’s events.

Espeon and Ninetales cuddled close to me in my arms, and Dragonair draped itself around me, keeping me warm with its smooth skin. Crobat and Scizor raced around me, and Pupitar… well, Pupitar floated in the air, happy that we were together again.

Once some of the excitement had worn off, Brock took a closer look at them. Being a breeder, I had no problem with him evaluating their health. In fact, it was a humbling experience. I didn’t pride myself in being the best trainer, but one thing I was serious about was taking proper care of my team.

“I have to say,” Brock said, “these pokémon are some of the best I’ve ever looked at. Very unexpected from someone with Team Rocket.”

I didn’t know what to respond with. He was right. Who in Team Rocket would care about the well-being of pokémon?

“What did you do to take such great care of them?” Lance asked.

“I spent as much time with them as I could when we weren’t battling. And… I realized from watching so many young trainers battling me that there was something crucial I'd done that they weren’t doing.”

“What was it?” Brock asked as he took a bag of pokémon food out of his bag, tore it open, and offered it to them. They were enthusiastic about accepting it.

“I always saw trainers take their injured pokémon to pokémon centers to be healed... which is fine, but when I first became a gym leader, I was too afraid to take them there. So, I taught myself how to heal my pokémon. I realized what that did was create a mental and emotional connection that helped us bond in and outside battle.”

Brock seemed speechless. “I haven’t heard of many trainers doing that… that’s brilliant… And, it makes so much sense from some trainers I’ve battled in the past.”

“It’s a concept very few think of,” Lance said, smiling. “I wouldn’t mind battling more trainers who do that.”

I smiled. Someday. But, that would have to wait. Today had its own purpose.

As we were talking about little things, Misty came outside. It seemed that she'd had all she could take from inside. Her expression changed when she saw us.

“How’s it going, Brock?” she asked as they embraced.

“Not much, kiddo,” he said.  “How’s the Cerulean Gym?”

“A lot of work,” she said.

Lance smiled and shook her hand. “It’s lovely seeing you again.”

“It’s nice seeing you, too,” she said before turning to me. “And, it’s great seeing you again, Drew.”

Misty seemed nice. I was unsure where this sudden enthusiasm came from, but at least it seemed there were friendly people here.

“Aw, are these your pokémon?” she asked.

I nodded.

She bent down and stroked Ninetales’ and Espeon’s fur. “They’re adorable, and I bet they’re strong.”

As everyone began to pour outside, I called back my team and waited for Chief Douglas to give us direction. Once everyone was outside, I spotted him, and he came over to me.

“All right, everyone,” he began, his voice loud enough for everyone to hear him, “thank you for joining us. I’m sure I can speak on Andrew’s behalf that we’re so thankful that you were able to come today and help us bring Team Rocket to justice. Since we're ready to go, I’d like to hand control of this mission over to Andrew.”

I was a bit surprised. He shook my hand and handed me a walkie-talkie. I thought he would've kept control over it since I was a criminal. I didn’t know what to say, but I had an audience in front of me, so I had to think fast.

“Uh… Thank you, Chief Douglas… I, uh… can’t begin to thank you for this opportunity… And, to all of you… You weren’t required to come… but, it means so much that you would sacrifice your time and put yourselves in danger for me.”

I looked at them, and most of them were smiling or looked determined to complete our mission. To those who were not, I didn’t pay them much mind and continued.

“We may not be successful, but I want you to know that I don’t intend on leading this mission and accepting defeat or failing any one of you. I have spent too many years watching Team Rocket destroy our region, and I intend on bringing every one of them into our custody… even if it destroys me.”

A few of them applauded, but I kept going.

“We’ll need to split into two groups for us to be successful. My group will go to Team Rocket Headquarters, arrest anyone there, collect every pokémon in storage, and make sure their power supply and computer systems are offline. Chief Douglas, I’ll need you to lead your group into Goldenrod City. Tell their sergeant to put out an advisory that people need to stay in their homes, and your team will need to round up anyone in the city that isn't seeking shelter. You’ll also need to tell KBN’s staff not to resist for our sting to work. Once that’s done, stay in the Goldenrod Police Department until the broadcast goes out. My group will join you and swarm KBN together. Does anyone have any questions?”

Nobody raised a hand or posed a question. Then maybe I was getting somewhere with this elite group of trainers.

“Great. Now, we’ll need to form two groups. If you want to go to Goldenrod City with Chief Douglas, form a group to my right. If you’d like to go with me, form a group to my left.”

I didn’t know what to expect, but it surprised me how the groups formed themselves. The group that went to my left consisted of Brock, Misty, Sabrina, Blaine, Lance, Morty, Will, Lorelei, Clair, and Karen. The rest of the group, comprised of Lt. Surge, Erika, Janine, Pryce, Agatha, Bruno, Koga, Faulkner, Bugsy, Whitney, Jasmine, and Chuck, assembled at my right.

“All right. If either group needs something, let’s radio for help. Good luck, everyone.”

The other group went somewhere with Chief Douglas while my group huddled together to discuss our game plan.

“Okay, everyone. Thank you so much for volunteering… This could either go smooth or rocky. We won’t find out until we get there how much we’ll need to do.”

“Okay,” Lance said, “so, what do we need to do first once we get there?”

“How are we getting inside the structure?” Morty asked. “Wouldn’t they know if someone was trying to break in?”

“I can teleport us inside,” Sabrina said.

“But, Drew knows the structure better than any of us,” Blaine said. “Are you able to teleport us to a place we haven’t been to before?”

“Well, what if Drew did?” Karen asked.

Several of my group members looked at her like she had sprouted a second head.

“That’s crazy,” Lorelei said. “How is someone supposed to teleport without ever doing it before?”

“Because Drew might have that capability,” Karen replied. “Not everyone can do it, but there are a few select people who are capable of learning.”

“I agree,” Sabrina said, speaking to me. “I sense something in you. I trust you can do it.”

“I don’t understand,” Brock said. “What are you talking about?”

“You wouldn’t understand,” Sabrina said. “Some are born with telekinetic DNA and, if channeled the right way, can teleport or develop their telekinesis.”

“Me?” I asked.

She nodded. “Yes, and if a trainer has a connection to a psychic pokémon, that’s all that’s needed to teleport.”

“And, Drew has a psychic pokémon,” Lance said.

“But, he only has one,” Misty said. “Does that make a difference?”

Sabrina shook her head. “With only one pokémon, I sense Drew has plenty of energy.”

I wasn’t sure what to say. I’d never given it any thought. I didn’t consider myself a psychic pokémon trainer, but I understood some of what Sabrina was saying.

“But, doesn’t the pokémon need to know the associated move?” I asked.

“Not at all,” Sabrina said. “Telekinesis is hereditary. The pokémon doesn’t determine it, but it can help you focus it if you were born with it.”

As we were still discussing this, three officers from the Saffron Police Department brought three large SUVs for us to use.

I took one SUV with Lance, Brock, and Misty, and a small group of police officers, and the other two vans followed me as we got onto the main road toward Cerulean City. The drive was nice, albeit a little nerve-wracking. I never thought I’d be going back to the place I considered hell on earth. Still, going back meant serving justice and receiving closure.

On the way, Brock and Misty talked amongst themselves while Lance and I talked about his work, not with the Pokémon League, but with the Pokémon G-Men, a special unit within our national government that apprehended criminals.

“It’s a rewarding job,” Lance said. “Not only do we save a lot of lives and pokémon from the hands of evil people, but we also get to make sure those criminals get the justice they deserve.”

“I’m glad there are people out there like you who do so much for our community,” I said. I wasn’t sure how a man as noble as him saw me.

“We’re happy to do it,” he replied. “…In fact, we’re always looking for new recruits to help with our investigations, especially in newer areas… if you’re ever interested.”

I didn’t know what to say. I looked at him, and all he did was smile.

I stumbled over my words a bit, but I was able to babble out, “M-m-me?”

“Definitely,” he said.

I was silent for the rest of the trip, thinking about his offer. Once we got into Cerulean City, we drove through to Pewter City and made a detour off the road into the Viridian Forest.

This was the crucial part of our mission. We needed to be far enough away so Team Rocket’s security system wouldn't pick us up but still close enough to bring fugitives into our custody. When I was sure we were close enough, I parked the SUV and got out to meet with our group. Once we were all outside, we huddled together.

“We have to shut down the power source for the hideout before we can do anything. There’ll be people supervising the generator, so we need to be ready with our psychic pokémon to immobilize them. Then, we can arrest them and teleport them out here to the SUVs. Once we take care of that, we need to disable the security system and render it unusable. Then, we can spread out and start arresting anyone we find and retrieving stolen pokémon. Sound good?”

Everyone agreed. Those of us who had psychic pokémon released them, which included Sabrina’s alakazam and mr. mime, Will’s xatu and jynx, Morty’s and Karen’s gengar, Misty's starmie, Lorelei's jynx and slowbro, and my espeon.

“So, Sabrina,” I said, “I’ve never teleported, so you’ll have to walk us through how we do this.”

“Join hands,” she said.

We did, and our pokémon gathered in the circle that we made, each looking facing their trainers with their eyes closed.

“Now, close your eyes. Drew, you’ll need to concentrate your thoughts on Espeon. All other pokémon should lend their support to Espeon.”

We closed our eyes, and my connection with Espeon became stronger. I could hear its excited, unintelligible thoughts in my mind. This was different from my normal interaction with its psychic energy, now that I knew what it was. The psychic energy around us was the strongest I’d ever felt with so many strong pokémon and trainers around me. I could feel the little hair I had on my arms standing on end.

“Yes, that’s it,” Sabrina said. “I knew it. I sense your connection with it is very strong. Now, think about where it is you’d like to go.”

In my mind, I saw the room we needed to travel to.

“Good,” she said. “I see it, too. Now, all you must do is focus on it, and your espeon will help you find the switch in your mind to awaken your telekinetic powers.”

I breathed in deep and focused on the image. Soon, I felt a warmth all around me that I had never felt. Then, as quickly as it came, I felt a rush wash over me, as if I was skydiving. When I opened my eyes, we were in the power generator’s room.

“Hey!" a man yelled. "We have trespassers!”

Everyone came to, and our pokémon immediately used their Psychic attacks. Within a second, all of them were floating in the air, unable to move like prey trapped in a spinirak’s web.

While the group began to handcuff them, Brock, Lance, and I went to the power generator, turned it off, and removed a crucial gear. Now nothing in the hideout would work, and no signal would go out to anyone in Goldenrod. I watched as Karen’s vileplume used Sleep Powder on all the fugitives, eliminating the risk of them yelling for help. I couldn’t believe this was playing out. Will and Sabrina teleported them outside to the SUVs. Within a few seconds, they were back, and we left the room together to find the security system’s main location. We kept encountering fugitives, so I ran ahead while the group took care of them.

I got to the room and locked the door behind me with Will’s passcode.

“Hey!" came a voice from behind me. "What are you doing in here?"

As soon as he came close, I decked him across the face, held him to the ground, and knocked him out cold. I handcuffed him and turned my eyes to the security system.

The room held a massive computer and security screens that monitored every area of the hideout and a separate generator to keep the security system online. I went to the main computer and typed in the overriding code that would leave it near impossible to bring back online. It took five minutes, but everything went black, as useless as the men Will had left to guard the hideout. I removed an essential part to the generator and dragged the man I’d apprehended out with me. My group was guarding the door, and we teleported outside to bring our fugitives to the SUVs. We’d arrested nearly 50 men, all sound asleep on the ground in front of us. I retrieved a large duffle bag from my SUV and rejoined everyone.

“Great job so far, team,” I said. “Now, all we have to do is arrest anyone we find inside the hideout. We need to use our pokémon so there’s no resistance. I’ll go and retrieve all the pokémon that Team Rocket stole. Once I get them and lock them in the SUV, I’ll rejoin and help arrest anyone left.”

Morty’s and Karen’s gengar stayed outside to watch our fugitives. We teleported back into the base and went down into the basement. I went to the storage room while my group arrested men and attacked hostile fugitives with their pokémon.

The storage room was defenseless, thanks to our efforts. The glass separating the storage room from the pokémon storage was brand new, and I assumed they’d barred the door with extra protection. My foot still hadn’t healed completely from my escape, so I had to rely on my pokémon for this. I released Scizor and Pupitar. Our mental connection was stronger than ever.

We need to break down the door to rescue these pokémon, guys. Scizor, use Steel Wing! Pupitar, use Ancientpower!

They rushed at the door and broke through it with ease. Now all that remained was to collect them.

Thanks, you two. Better rest up.

I called them back, hopped through, and put every pokéball in my bag. There were at least 1,000 of them, but I lost track. Any out of my reach fell down to me, thanks to my awakened powers I still didn’t understand. Once the extensive room was bare, I zipped up my bag and teleported back outside and put them in the back of the SUV.

I turned to the group of men and women that grew in upwards of 150 to 200 fugitives. Some of them were starting to wake up, but the two gengar used Hypnosis on them, eliminating any resistance.

I laughed. They looked at me and chuckled. At least some of us were having fun.

I teleported back inside and began arresting leftover grunts and the few junior executives that weren’t in Goldenrod City. I found Lance apprehending Ralph, who was beside himself in tears.

“Drew!” he called out to me.

I went over to him, stoic and keeping my anger cool and collected.

“I’m sorry!”

“That’s so thrilling to hear, you have no idea…” I said inside a yawn.

“It was all a scam… they weren’t going to give me anything.”

“Welcome to Team Rocket, kid. The Federal Office for Business and Ethics isn’t giving it a stellar rating anytime soon...”

“Can you help me?”

“There isn’t much I could do at this point. And, why would I, even if I could? Isn’t it obvious we’re shutting this whole operation down? Besides, you were ready to sell Jake and I out for a promotion…. Looks like your plan backfired, huh?”

“Please, Drew! I’m sorry… Tell Jake I regret what I did.”

“I ought to teach you a lesson since Jake isn’t here to see this lovely sight, but the authorities would call that child abuse… take him away.”

“No, Drew! Help me!”

“You’re out of luck, shithead. I’m just as much of a criminal as you are. Enjoy your jail cell. Let’s hope your cellmate doesn’t have a ginger fetish.”

I walked away, paying no mind to anything more he said. I was getting tired, but with help from my group, within another hour, we'd arrested everyone. As soon as all the fugitives were outside, we double-checked the base for anything or anyone we missed.

During our exploration, we came to the Game Room, and my heart started to pound in my chest.

“Drew, are you okay?” Misty asked.

“Yeah, you’ve turned white,” Brock said.

Lance looked at the room we were next to. “What’s in this room, Drew?”

I couldn't answer. My mouth had gone dry.

Sabrina, having that sixth sense, put her hand on my shoulder. “A black cloud surrounds this room.”

Lance and Karen opened the door, and everyone looked inside. I preferred not to look. They spent a minute observing all the weapons and torture devices they had available. They came back outside and had the same expression I had.

Misty came up to me and hugged me, followed by the rest of my group. It was difficult not to tear up. This group of people surprised me with their gesture.

“How bad was it?” Misty asked after the group hug ended.

“…Did you see the horror movie ‘Gengar’s Revenge’?”

She nodded. “I couldn’t sleep for a week.”

“Think of that but 1,000 times worse.”

She looked stunned.

I tried to smile, but it was far from appropriate. “C’mon, guys. Let’s continue our check.”

We went down to the last two levels but didn't find anyone. I held Espeon close to me and cuddled with it while we walked. I showed everyone where all the executives slept, and my room seemed to be the most popular. I explained to them how there was never hot water and how cold it was at night.

“How did you live down here?” Lorelei asked.

“I managed somehow,” I said. “It definitely wasn’t comfortable.”

“That’s remarkable,” she replied, “and I thought Pryce was tough.”

We finished our final check, so we teleported back outside to the SUVs.

We had more than 200 fugitives, so we did our best to get them inside. Still, many remained.

“Don’t worry,” Sabrina said, “I’ll teleport them to Saffron City.”

I was too exhausted to drive, so Lance offered. Brock took the passenger seat, and I sat in the back with Misty. Espeon laid down in my lap, and Misty had her arms around me throughout the trip. I was too tired to remove them, so I stayed put and dealt with it. I didn’t have the heart to say anything. Everyone was being so nice to me that dissuading any harmless gesture seemed like the wrong thing to do.

By the time we reached Saffron City, I was almost ready to collapse, with my head beginning to hurt. I didn’t know why, but I felt very fatigued. I helped Misty, Lance, and Brock unload fugitives and escort them into the department’s custody. We waited until the rest of our group finished. When we assembled again, we teleported to Goldenrod City.

As soon as we arrived, my legs collapsed.

“Drew!” Misty said.

Before I was on the ground long, Lance and Brock helped me to my feet.

“Are you all right?” Misty asked.

I couldn't answer. I'd never felt this tired. I nodded but couldn't keep my eyes open.

“What’s wrong, Drew?” Lance asked.

“Using his telekinetic powers for the first time has exhausted him,” Sabrina said. It seemed she always knew what was happening.

“That makes sense,” Brock said.

“Poor thing,” Misty said, the last thing I heard before I blacked out.


~ ~ ~


I didn’t remember what happened next until I woke up on a cot in the Goldenrod Police Department. Misty sat next to me while the rest of my team stood around, waiting for the next phase to go into effect. I didn’t know how long I'd slept, but the broadcast hadn't started yet.

“How are you feeling, Drew?” she asked.

“Fine,” I said. “The invasion took a toll on me.”

She smiled. “It sure did. But, we’re all glad you’re feeling rested. I’m glad.”

I looked into her eyes and knew something was developing. I'd been afraid this would happen. There was little I could do about it. Except be honest with her.

“Team Rocket has entered KBN,” Chief Douglas said to everyone. “You still have a little time to collect yourselves before we move in to arrest them.”

I sat up.

“Are you sure you’re feeling up for this?” Misty asked me.

I was still as sure that I needed to lead this. “Yeah, I’m okay, but could I talk to you alone before we go and arrest my brother?”

“Of course,” she said.

I led her down the hallway and into an empty conference room. She seemed to be happy that I'd asked to talk to her. I had no idea how to begin this conversation.

“Misty, I…”

“Drew… I know why you wanted to talk to me,” she said.

“You do?”

She nodded. “I guess I haven’t been very subtle about my feelings.”

I was a bit relieved to hear her say that.

“I didn’t want you to feel pressured by it… but, I do like you,” she said.

I didn't know what to say. I looked at her and felt like this had the potential to get worse.

“…Maybe… after all this is over… we could get together sometime?” she asked.

I sighed. “I’m very flattered, Misty, but-”

“I’m so sorry,” she said. “...This isn’t the right time.”

“No, no, it isn’t that,” I said, trying not to let the situation escalate. “It’s not you, either… It’s me.”

“You?” she said. “I don’t understand.”

I took her hand and looked at her. “It’s not that I don’t think you’re a great person. I do. But… because of my past… I’m not sure if I could be interested.”

“At all?”

I nodded. “When I joined Team Rocket seven years ago, I endured merciless bullying. The older grunts and even some of the junior executives wanted to dominate me because I was the leader’s son. So, everyday, for two years, I was gangraped.”

Her expression told me she could hardly believe it. “Oh, Drew, that’s horrible.”

“Since then, I’ve never had an attraction to anyone… I guess that experience… turned me off… I’m sorry, Misty. It wasn’t my intent to bring that demon of a memory up today. I can’t imagine how you must see me now.”

She cupped my hands with hers. She tried to smile, but it didn’t stick long. “It’s hard to hear, but… I understand… After hearing about everything you’ve been through, I couldn’t imagine how I would’ve survived… The fact that you did shows how much of an incredible person you are.”

I tried to smile. “It’s nice to know not everyone hates me.”

This time she smiled. “I don’t see how any decent person could hate you, especially after what you’re doing today.”

We walked back to where everyone was waiting, although they were getting ready to go.

“Are you both ready to kick some ass?” Lt. Surge asked us.

Misty didn't look pleased, but I managed to get out a “Hell yeah” before grabbing my pokéballs and putting them on my belt.

“So, do you think you’ll ever find someone you’d want to be with?” Misty asked me as we prepared to leave for the sting.

“I don’t know,” I said. “I don't think I can answer that now... I’m not against it, but right now the only love I have is for my pokémon. I’d do anything for them.”

She smiled. “And, I’m sure they’d do anything for you.”

We got into one of the waiting patrol cars and drove to the radio tower. The broadcast was going out now. Petrel's passion and cockiness for Team Rocket returning to its former glory left me nauseated as we listened to his nasal, seedy voice through the radio. Goldenrod was a ghost town now. Not even Team Rocket members were visible. I hoped Goldenrod citizens were safe at home, waiting to receive word that it was safe. I wasn’t sure what to expect, but I was sure of one thing – Will had no idea I was leading this ambush, and it was far from being the family reunion any of us wanted.

After a smooth 15-minute drive, we reached the radio tower. A dozen police cars crept onto the scene, and we ran out and went inside. Espeon and I went to work with our officers, rushing the interior and arresting anyone in Team Rocket we found. I saw some familiar faces, and when they saw me I stuck my tongue out at them. Within a few minutes, the first floor was clear, so we went up to the next floor and repeated the process.

As the number of fugitives diminished, I searched for Will and the remaining executives to confront them. I went to the stairs and began to climb, thinking through my plan. Well, there was no plan. I was going to talk him into surrendering. For Ariana, Petrel, Proton, and Archer, they'd do anything to crush me. But, with Will being vulnerable, I was positive this wouldn't be an impossible task.

I reached the director’s office and put my ear to the door. The broadcast was taking place inside. It needed to end, and I was happy to help. I took a deep breath and used my good foot to kick down the door, snapping it off its hinges and sending it across the room and their equipment to the floor, ending their broadcast.

They jumped up and looked at me with surprise. At first, they thought I was an officer, but their expressions changed when they realized it was me. Everyone glared at me.

“I hate to Rain Dance all over your parade,” I said, with Espeon and Pupitar at my heels, “but, it’s time to go on a little field trip.”

“I’d like to see you try, you bitchass little weedle,” Ariana said, reaching for a pokéball.

“We’re going to make you pay when we get back to the hideout,” Proton said.

“There is no hideout,” I said. “Team Rocket's done.”

“What are you talking about?” Archer said.

“Everyone's in jail,” I said, “Nothing's left of our precious organization.”

Their expressions became mixed with horror, grief, and fury.

“I’ve been waiting a long time for this,” Petrel said. “Let’s teach this traitor the pure power of Team Rocket!

Out came Ariana’s vileplume, Archer’s houndoom, Proton’s golbat and Petrel’s weezing. There was only one way to show them their efforts were futile.

Pupitar, use Ancientpower on Houdoom and Golbat with all your strength. Espeon, use Psychic on the other two.

Before they could respond, Pupitar glowed with a bright orange color and tackled Houndoom and Golbat, and Espeon’s eyes glowed blue and immobilized the other two and hurled them against the opposite wall. All four fainted.

“Our precious pokémon,” Archer said through a gasp.

“How dare you,” Ariana said.

“We don’t need pokémon to take you down,” Proton said.

Before they could finish pulling out their concealed weapons, Espeon used psychic to immobilize them. The guns dropped to the floor, and I handcuffed them, thankfully avoiding unnecessary bloodshed. Espeon's attack ceased, and they collapsed on the ground.

As I finished, some of my group found me.

“Do you need help?” the officers asked.

“Keep an eye on these four and collect their weapons,” I said. “The leader and I need to talk.” 

They immediately picked up the executives and held onto them. I turned to Will and looked him right in the eye. I wasn't afraid of him. There was nothing he could do that would weaken my resolve to bring Team Rocket to justice.

“Why are you doing this?” Will asked, his anger beginning to fade, though it still burned on his face.

“I’m tired of Team Rocket being our family legacy,” I replied. “And, I realized doing nothing is no better than committing a crime.”

“This was our only chance to get Dad back,” Will said. “Why did you have to ruin that? We’re brothers, Andrew. I don’t want to hurt you, but everything you’re doing makes me want to kick your ass all the way back to Kanto.”

“You don’t get it, Will,” I said. “Dad and I have never gotten along, and you never supported me when I truly needed it.”

“But, we need him,” he said.

“Why do we need him, Will? Why do we need that useless son of a bitch?”

“…Because… we’re failing without him. He’s strong enough to keep us organized.”

“Did you forget all the despicable shit he allowed his workers to do to me?! The torture? The rape? Will, you were an executive! You must’ve heard my screams, and saw all the pain I endured, and you didn’t do anything. You'll never have even a fraction of an idea of how damaging and scary that was.”

“I still think of all that is bullshit… a weak excuse for not being man enough to handle Team Rocket.”

“…Will, I have PTSD… All because of him. Do you mean to tell me a twisted man who has done nothing but bring pain to tens of thousands of people is worth more to you than your younger brother?”

“Oh, I wish I could do far more than you say our father did to you. It’s exactly what you deserve.”

“Then by all means, come at me,” I said, my anger boiling. “I’d love to mess up that pretty mug of yours again.”

Within a few seconds, we were wrestling on the ground, trying to get the upper hand. But, before I could get a chance to get him in a headlock, my team had surrounded us and pried us off each other so they could arrest him.

Will was fuming and writhing against their control. He looked like he was about ready to foam at the mouth.

I got up, brushed myself off, and looked right at him.

“You’ll never understand what you’ve done. You’ve destroyed something great. I hate you, Andrew. From now on, I don’t have a brother.”

“Believe whatever you want, Will. I’m not here to change your mind. It doesn’t change the fact that we’ve destroyed Team Rocket and are now bringing you into their custody… Nothing you can do or say can reverse what played out today, and that was all because you didn’t show any real love and protection to your baby brother when he needed you the most.”

As we led down down to the ground floor, Will started pleading with me.

 “Drew, please… Don’t do this…” Tears were streaming down his face.

“No, don’t cry, Will,” I said. “This is not a time for tears. Face this like the man Dad should’ve taught you to be.”

He was unsuccessful in hiding his sobs as I led him down the stairs to the first floor of the tower. The police officers with the other executives were not too far behind me. I escorted Will outside where Chief Douglas and other officers waited.

Chief Douglas smiled when he caught a glimpse of me. “Thank God those no-good bastards are going to rot in jail. Right, Andrew?”

I didn't respond. Sure, a majority of Team Rocket was now in the police’s custody. But, Team Rocket wasn't dead. Not yet. Its evil influence was still alive. There was still one person out there walking free, and I wouldn’t be able to move on until he was behind bars or hanging from a noose.

Now that everyone was in our custody, the Goldenrod sergeant put out word throughout his department to let all citizens know it was once again safe.

I stood with Chief Douglas as they led the other executives to their patrol cars, hurling insults at me as they went.

“I hope you and your pokémon go to hell,” Ariana said. “You'll rue the day, you ungrateful son of a bitch!”

I held my tongue and kept my gaze fierce.

“Go fuck yourself,” Proton said. “When I find you in prison, you’re my first target.”

I rolled my eyes and kept my gaze elsewhere.

“Why did you have to go and ruin this for us?” Archer asked, in tears. “We were so close. I’m so disappointed in you, Andrew.”

I didn't care. They all deserved their fate. They were terrible people. In fact, I deserved it, too, as I was sure I'd get the same treatment as soon as the day ended. But, because I helped bring them into custody, it was possible my punishment wouldn't be as harsh. I wasn’t about to put myself above anyone. My only thought was to repay my community for all I did.

Petrel didn't say anything. He struggled within his handcuffs to break free, but when he knew it was hopeless, he tried to spit in my face. His aim was off and splattered across my boots.

I reached over and grabbed him. “I ought to gut out your heart and your genitals for everything you put me through, but I suppose I should spare them for the man who’s going to make you his bitch. Well, that is, if I don’t end up in your cell and make the rest of your pathetic life a living hell.”

He swallowed, and I let the officer continue.

As I watched, one of my pokéballs burst open. Chief Douglas and the other men around us jumped. Espeon emerged, looking more alert than I’d ever seen it.

“What is it, Espeon?”

Espeon’s eyes closed, and the gem on its forehead began to glow. Something was wrong. My bond with Espeon came alive. I closed my eyes, and I saw my father flying with a pokémon, and his expression was solemn and determined.

“Andrew, what’s going on?” I heard Chief Douglas say, as if he was far away. “You’re shaking, son.”

I couldn't tell where he was, but something about it seemed familiar. He landed in a clearing, and the image vanished.

Where is he, Espeon?

Again, Espeon guided my thoughts, and like magic, a new image appeared in my mind. I was moving fast as if I were flying at a super-fast speed, moving through people and objects through Goldenrod City. I was leaving the northeastern entrance to the city and realized we were moving through the park and outside the city limits. He had landed in the field between Goldenrod and Violet City.

Are you sure?

Espeon squealed in my mind. Such a great helper and friend.

This is it, my friends. The moment we’ve been waiting for.

I opened my eyes and found my heart rate up. I sat down to try to catch my breath. I brought Espeon into my arms, kissed it, and held it close.

“What’s wrong, Drew?” he asked.

“It’s my father. He’s coming.”

“What? You mean he’s on his way here? How do you know?”

I rubbed Espeon’s head. “Some things you know, especially when you have an intuitive psychic pokémon as your best friend.”

Chief Douglas’ expression changed. “Well, then we’d better get ready.”

I shook my head. “No, Chief Douglas. I need to do this. I’ve waited for this moment for years.”

He nodded. “At least take some men with you, in case.”

Bruno, Koga, and Lance were nearby, so Chief Douglas called them over.

“Men, Giovanni’s nearby. Could you go with Drew to help bring him into custody?

“Of course,” Lance said.

“Thanks, Espeon,” I said as I held the pokéball out to return it. It squealed and returned itself to its safe confines.

Now that I was feeling better, I stood up and looked at the men who were going with me. As much as I wished I could have gone alone, I understood why Chief Douglas wanted them with me. If anything happened outside of the plan, they were there for backup.

“Let’s go.”










Chapter Five

 

Lance released three pokémon from their pokéballs, which were two of his dragonite and his charizard.

“This’ll be faster, and you won’t be out of breath,” he said. “Grab one, and let’s catch that bastard!”

I released my dragonair, and we ascended into the air. Our pokémon flew fast, and we flew over the city, over the park, and toward the clearing from the vision. I held my breath, my heart pounding in my chest as I anticipated what was coming. Part of me wanted to see this through for the justice I craved, but the other part of me doubted if I was strong enough. This was my father after all, a man who needed no introduction. All because he'd been successful in striking fear into the hearts of innocent people. The man was pure evil, and I was the one to stop him.

We descended and landed on the ground. Lance returned his pokémon to their pokéballs, I called back Dragonair, and we walked into the clearing.

A minute later, I saw him in the distance, and we stopped. He was wearing a hat and a peacoat that gave him a brooding, mysterious appearance. As the sun continued to inch toward the western skies, I caught a glimpse of his smirk and the evil gleam in his dark eyes. My blood began to boil, and my hands clenched into fists. This was it. I was going to battle him into submission and get the revenge I'd wanted for the longest time.

Lance must've caught sight of my reaction, as he put his hand on my shoulder. “Don’t do something rash, Andr-”

I brushed his hand off and walked a couple of feet ahead so I wasn’t so close to them.

I didn’t believe what I was seeing. My father was approaching me. He was gone for three years. Couldn’t he see past his ego at my demeanor and see that I despised him?

“Andrew, my son…” he said, coming near to hug me.

I shoved him back to where he was. “Don’t touch me, you tyrant.” 

He grabbed hold of my wrist and fastened something to it. “That’s no way to talk to your father,” he said.

It looked like a tracking device. It seemed that Dad anticipated this and would do anything to strike fear into me.

“What the fuck is this?!”

“Just something to make this more interesting… Now, I’ve been gone a while, and you can’t say something nice?”

I tried not to scowl and fought to respond. “Despite how much of an ugly soul you have, your face still looks good. You look a little pale, though. Why don’t you let my fists give it some color?”

He chuckled. "That's not the thank-you I thought I'd receive."

“Why would I thank you? For kidnapping me, torturing me, and stealing any hope of having a normal life? And now putting a tracking device on me to get me to do your will still?”

“I did that to give you the opportunity to inherit my company. Your brother Will doesn’t have the fire in his heart to take it over, and I knew you could. But, you decided to become a traitor and betray us and everything we’ve worked for.”

“And, asking me was too forward, so you thought forcing me against my will was the better option?”

“I would've accomplished nothing from asking. You would’ve refused. But, with strong persuasion, you can get anything you want.”

Like any misogynist would’ve said. The smirk on his face made my skin crawl.

“Well, I hate to burst your bubble, but I had no intent of taking over Team Rocket, and right now I’m taking your worthless, wanted ass to jail where it belongs.”

“I didn’t come all this way to surrender, and you’re not going to take me without a fight. It’s about time I taught you a lesson about respect, and by the time I’m through with you, you’re going to know it well.”

“Nothing would please me more than accepting your challenge, but what you don’t know is I don’t intend on losing. If anyone’s pokémon are going to be teaching a lesson, they’re going to be mine, and that lesson is going to be honor.”

“Fufufufu… honor won’t get you anywhere, you fool,” he said as he turned around and walked a fair distance back so that we had enough of a playing field for our showdown. He turned to face me. “Team Rocket will never die, and my pokémon will make quick work of you.”

“Don’t be so sure. You did make me the Viridian Gym Leader, a gym that now has a strong reputation in Viridian City,” I said, confident in my friends’ strength. “Six on six enough to bring you down?”

He smirked. “If you mean take you down, yes. And no switching out.”

“Fair enough,” I replied, trying to get the device off my wrist.

“If you intend on removing that, you’ll only poison yourself,” he said, holding a strange device in his hand, “so I suggest you keep it on.”

I closed my eyes and breathed in deep, trying to let go of my frustration. In my mind, I felt the strong connections with my pokémon. They were ready to battle.

Let’s do this for our community. I love you with all my heart. I wouldn’t be here today if it weren’t for you.

He took one of his pokéballs off his belt and threw it into the air. The pokémon released was his nidoking. It looked stronger than it did the last time I saw it. Maybe he’d put up a fight.

I took Espeon’s pokéball from my belt and held it to my lips for a second before I threw it into the air.

Let’s be victorious, friend.

Espeon emerged from it, looking determined and ready to battle.

He smirked when he saw it. I bet he thought his nidoking could take it down like nothing, but looks were deceiving. What many of my challengers failed to notice about Espeon was its strength. Its gem was an amethyst, in contrast to most espeon who have rubies, so its power was greater than many could fathom.

“Nidoking, Fury Attack!”

Nidoking charged at Espeon with its horn, but I didn’t even need to keep my eyes open. I closed my eyes and could still see through its eyes.

Use Double Team.

Within a second, a dozen espeon copies had surrounded nidoking, prancing around playfully and murmuring in a sing-song type of chatter. It threw him off and only lived to infuriate him.

“Nidoking, use Hyper Beam on all those pathetic creatures!”

Use Psychic.

Espeon immobilized the attack, and his eyes widened. Every espeon in front of him had its eyes glowing. Then, Nidoking’s attack redirected right back at it. It fell on its back.

I couldn't help chuckling under my breath.

“Get up!” he yelled.

Now use our special move.

As it was getting up, Espeon’s whole body glowed as it focused its energy, took off running, and rammed it with its head. Nidoking flew and hit the ground right in front of him. It was not down yet… but, boy, it was close.

Nidoking got up, panting and leering at Espeon.

My father didn't look happy. “Grrr… Nidoking, use Poison Sting!”

Reflect.

Within a second, Espeon’s gem glowed for a moment, producing a thick shield that surrounded itself, rendering the attack useless.

“Use Earthquake, you fool!”

The ground shook, but Espeon stood firm. Any damage it took didn't faze it.

“Flamethrower!”

Psychic.

Like before, as fire came out of Nidoking’s mouth, Espeon’s eyes glowed and redirected its attack, inflicting more damage than intended. Nidoking looked terrible, and a small part of me felt bad for it.

“Get up, you disgrace, and fight! You’re not tired yet.”

Nidoking struggled to get up, the damage I inflicted showing all over its body. I almost wanted to stop fighting it, but there was no other way for him to learn.

“Fury attack!”

Finish it. Zen Headbutt.

Nidoking rushed at Espeon with all its might, and Espeon, still not tired from the battle, rushed at it with its powers focused. When the two collided, there was a bright flash, and the pokémon that fell was Nidoking. It landed on the ground, unable to battle any longer.

He stood there, stunned by what had happened. He looked at Nidoking for a few seconds and then looked at me. I still had my eyes shut, yet I still saw everything through Espeon’s. I smirked.

He grumbled something under his breath and called it back. He reached for another pokéball from his belt and threw it into the air. Out of it came his nidoqueen. It looked ready to battle, but I knew this would have the same result as the last round.

He hasn’t learned anything yet. I guess he needs another lesson. Use Morning Sun.

Espeon glowed for a few seconds. Even with the small amount of sunlight left as the sun was setting, it was still able to heal some of its energy.

“Nidoqueen, use Thunder.”

Dodge.

It launched its attack, but it was a waste. Espeon evaded the attack by jumping out of the way, landing gracefully a few feet away from where it struck the ground.

He wasn't pleased. “Use Thunder attack again!”

It charged another, but Espeon evaded it again. I was starting to get bored.

“Again, and this time strike that thing!”

It launched a third attack, and I knew this was the last Thunder attack it would produce.

Psychic.

Espeon again began to glow and redirected the attack back to it, but it had no effect. His frustrations were growing.

“Hyper Beam that twit!” he yelled.

Reflect.

The attack reflected back at it, and he had to think fast.

“Negate it with Tail Whip!”

Nidoqueen’s strong tail deflected the attack, which surprised me. I thought it was one of the few brilliant moves he had up his sleeve. But, what he failed to see was forcing his pokémon to use four high-power moves in succession drained it of its strength. As much as I didn’t want to do more to hurt it, I wanted to wrap up this battle so I could escort him to jail.

“Fury Swipes!”

Nidoqueen charged at Espeon, and I loved the chance to show him how weak of a trainer he was.

Use Psychic, and finish with Zen Headbutt.

In a split second, it immobilized Nidoqueen and threw it backward. Then, my friend struck the last blow with its powerful headbutting move. Nidoqueen fell to the ground and was unable to battle.

His clenched jaw showed more than words could. I couldn't imagine what was going through his head, but I couldn't resist needling him.

“Had enough yet? Would you like me to escort you to jail now? I hear they’re serving murkrow tonight, and I’d hate for them to run out before you get your portion.”

His face was a priceless example of how little control he had on his rage. “Grrr… not by a longshot! I’m going to kick your ass if it’s the last thing I do!”

His next pokémon was his murkrow I saw in Espeon’s vision. Finally, he was starting to play smart. Still, I wanted to use every tactic I had to win.

I let out a big yawn, stretched and rubbed my stomach. “Hmmm… barbecue sounds amazing right now,” I said to my group. “What do you think, guys?” I heard Lance, Bruno, and Koga snicker in response.

He looked anything but amused. He scowled at me. “Murkrow, use Drill Peck!”

Reflect.

Espeon shielded itself, and Murkrow’s attack did nothing against it. But, what surprised me was its attack broke through it. That could only mean one thing: Espeon was getting tired, and using Morning Sun was no longer an option. Psychic attacks wouldn't do anything to Murkrow. Espeon was in trouble, and the only way to keep winning was to bring it down with it.

Use Double Team. I needed to think of how to take him down.

“Murkrow, use Hyper Beam!”

Dodge it.

Espeon dodged, but Murkrow continued its attack. It dodged a second time, but its third attack hit Espeon. It fell but got up.

Double Team.

Espeon multiplied, but it didn't faze him.

“Use Night Shade!”

Before I could think of a strategy, Murkrow’s attack hit every copy and Espeon as well. Espeon fell, but got up, panting.

Hang in there, friend.

“Faint Attack!”

Try to dodge.

Espeon tried to jump out of the way but was unable to dodge its attack and took heavy damage. I didn't know how much more it could take. I needed to end this while I still had the advantage.

“Use Drill Peck again!”

I know you’re tired, friend. Focus all your energy. Take it down with Zen Headbutt, and you’ll get a nice, long rest.

With one final effort, Espeon focused its energy and charged at Murkrow. They collided and, as if in slow motion, after the bright flash of light faded, both pokémon fell and were unable to battle.

I opened my eyes and looked at Espeon. I hated seeing it like this, but it had fought hard and brought me a great amount of victory already. I scooped it up in my arms, kissed it on the forehead, and held it close for a moment.

Thank you so much, friend. You were amazing.

I called it back to its pokéball and reached for Ninetales’ pokéball. I released it and looked at him. His scowl was gone. In fact, he was smirking again. Something about it unnerved me. It was more sinister than I’d ever seen it.

“I underestimated you, Andrew,” he said. “You’re much stronger than I gave you credit for. You should be proud of how you turned out.”

He’d never given me a compliment or acknowledged my strengths. He’d never once told me he was proud of me. What was he doing?

“Team Rocket is very lucky to have you as second-in-command.”

My fists clenched. I didn’t know what he was up to, but he needed to stop. “Stop stalling and send out your next pokémon, you coward!”

“Whatever you say, gym leader,” he said before sending out his next pokémon, which was his kangaskhan. “You may have knocked out three of my pokémon, but now I’m not playing games. You’ll regret challenging me.”

Whatever he was doing, I had to ignore it. The last thing I needed was a knot in my stomach to deal with on top of everything else.

I closed my eyes and breathed in deep.

We must continue to keep the upper hand, friend. So much is at stake.

Ninetales acknowledged it with an unintelligible sound and looked determined to battle.

Use Fire Blast. 

Its body glowed orange before it shot off a powerful blast in the form of a star at Kangaskhan, but my jaw dropped when it caught the attack and threw it back. It didn't inflict any damage, but it was the last thing I expected to see.

“Use Mega Punch!”

Dodge and use Iron Tail.

Before it made contact and delivered heavy damage, Ninetales evaded and then went after it with its attack.

“Grab it and use Dizzy Punch!”

My jaw dropped again when it grabbed its tails and hit it with its fist. It did a lot of damage, and the worst part of it was the confusion. My connection broke.

“Ninetales, use Curse!” I said.

It was no use. It kept stumbling and didn’t know which direction it was facing. Dad laughed at me.

“Mega Punch, Kangaskhan!”

“Dodge it, Ninetales!”

It had nowhere it could go. Kangaskhan grabbed it and attacked it at close range, knocking it out. Another friend was out of the battle.

“What’s the matter, Andrew?” he asked. “Losing your touch already?”

Before I could think, his kangaskhan picked it up again.

“Now, end that pathetic creature’s life!”

Before I could react, it snapped its neck and dropped its limp body on the ground. Its life energy was extinguished. My heart felt a sharp pang.

“No!” I yelled, running to my pokémon, feeling a lifeless body in my arms. “What did you do?!”

“It’s the consequence you bear for challenging me to the biggest battle of your life,” he replied. “I have no time for dealing with useless pokémon, so stop stalling and send out my next victim.”

“That’s not fair!” Lance yelled. “You’ve going against the rules of the Pokémon League!”

“And, does it look like I care?” Giovanni yelled back, letting out a blood-curdling laugh. “Who’s going to stop me? It’s certainly not going to be Drew! As soon as he calls off the battle, I activate the device on his wrist, which will slowly put poison into his bloodstream, which will slowly sap the life out of his body.”

I fought back tears as I walked back to my place and cradled Ninetales’ lifeless body in my arms. The warmth and charm of my beloved fox was nowhere to be felt. I could hardly keep my composure, but I had to keep going.

“I’ll avenge you,” I said before I laid it down next to me. I tossed Espeon’s pokéball to the guys. “Don’t let him near it.”

I tried to think through what I should do. I was hesitant to send any of my pokémon out, but I needed something that could take down his Kangaskhan. Right now, I knew that I could only get around its attack and defense with speed.

It seemed like the best choice to go with was Crobat. I sent it out and hoped I could regain the advantage that I was beginning to lose. I had to fight through my grief.

“Kangaskhan, use Leer,” he said.

Its attack was more intimidating than I thought.

Don’t let it frighten you, friend. You can defeat it. Use Toxic.

It shot pools of dark purple liquid from its mouth that covered Kangaskhan. As soon as it made contact, it emitted gas that poisoned it.

“Well played, son. I wouldn’t have thought to do that.”

How I wished he would shut up and fight me.

Use Faint Attack.

Crobat attacked Kangaskhan many times without resistance. Why was it taking the attacks?

After a while, after repeated attacks, he finally said, “Kangaskhan, use Mega Punch!”

I was afraid he’d try to do the same maneuver again. I had to counter tactfully.

Use Haze, and follow up with Hyper Beam.

Crobat covered the battlefield with dark gas and fired off a Hyper Beam that hit Kangaskhan. It fell on its back but got back on its feet. I didn't understand why he wasn’t fighting me.

“Kangaskhan, use Dizzy Punch!”

Counter with Supersonic, and follow with another Hyper Beam.

Crobat stopped Kangaskhan dead in its tracks and hit it with another direct attack. It fell to the ground and was unable to battle.

He didn’t appear upset that four of his pokémon were out of commission. He threw out his next pokémon, which was his rhydon.

I had to keep this going. I had to bring him to jail. Losing was not an option.

Use Faint Attack.

As Crobat got close enough to attack Rhydon, he said, “Horn Drill!”

Before I could react, Rhydon grabbed it and hit it with a direct attack, drilling through its body. It fell to the ground in a pool of blood. I was stunned, and my heart was breaking. I ran out and grabbed it, holding it close to me, its blood staining my uniform. I kissed its head, and I watched as the life faded from my friend’s eyes.

“What’s going on, son?” he asked. “Are you regretting challenging me yet?”

I said nothing through my tears. I was so much in shock.

“Chief Douglas, we need backup,” Lance said into his radio. “We have a code 5.”

“How anyone could allow their pokémon to use moves for murder instead of battling is beyond evil,” Bruno said. “Stay strong!”

“Admit it, Andrew. You’re not going to defeat me. I’m going to win, reclaim my team, and groom you to be the future leader of Team Rocket.”

“Don’t let him psyche you out, Andrew,” Lance called to me.

“You can do this,” Koga shouted.

“I r-r-refuse,” I said. “I will never stoop so low that I’d hurt others and steal pokémon to feel good about myself… You will pay for treating us this way.”

“You don’t have to make a decision now,” he said. “We can always go back to the game room after all this is over and talk about it.”

Everything in my mind screamed when he said that. To say I was anything but horrified would have been an egregious lie.

“No…” was all I could say. It felt like my nervous system was about to misfire completely.

“Oh, yes, Andrew. It would be good for you. You’ve forgotten how special Team Rocket is. You’ve let others cloud your judgment. Come on, son. You know you don’t want to do this. There’s so much in store for you if you open your eyes and see it.”

I began to shake as memories started to flood into my consciousness. I couldn’t run from them. They always knew how to find me.

“Please!” I begged. “Somebody, help!” I could hardly get the words out over my shivering in the cold.

The executives chuckled. “Nobody’s gonna hear you out here, naked boy. All of this will stop if you just agree to join Team Rocket. Now, I’m gonna ask you again - do you want to join?”

“No!” I said, trying to be strong and not cry.

“All right then,” the executive said. “Suit yourself. Give it to him again, boys.”

Out of nowhere, I was tased, sending shocks throughout my body. I screamed at the top of my lungs, and when it finally stopped, my bowels released, resulting in my defecating in front of everyone, earning howls of laughter. The humiliation provided no relief,  as one of the other men flung a whip when they’d had enough laughs at my condition, sending a burning pain all over my back. When the beatings ceased, without any wound care, they had me performing hard manual labor, still in the cold without clothing. This went on forever until the executives felt that I was finished.

“We’re all done here, boys. Let’s get him into the game room for his daily interrogation.”

At night, after enduring this all day, I cried myself to sleep, my back stained with blood and being unable to move as I waited for the next day of torture to begin.

On a different day, the same occurred.

“I’ll ask you again, boy,” the executive said. “All of this will end if you agree to join Team Rocket. Now, what is your answer?”

I couldn’t take it any longer. I was in tears, barely able to speak. I tried to get the words out, but they were muddled.

“You’re gonna need to speak up.”

I tried again to respond but couldn’t hardly get the words out over my sobs. 

“If you don’t speak up, we’ll continue this process with a nice tasing. What is your answer?”

“YESSS!” I yelled before breaking down again into sobs.

The executives chuckled among themselves. They untied me and escorted me to my father, where I was formally commissioned, sealing my fate.

“Send out your next pokémon, Andrew,” my father said, his expression confident and collected. “You’re only delaying the inevitable.”

I could hardly grab my next pokéball from my belt as I brought myself back to reality. My nerves were getting the best of me. I sent out Scizor, not knowing how I was going to take down his rhydon.

“Rhydon, use Rock Slide.”

I could hardly stop my shaking. “S-Scizor, use S-Steel Wing.”

It countered the rock attack, but I was nowhere closer to having a winning strategy.

“Use Steel Wing again!”

“Counter with Horn Drill!”

It was an even matchup. Rhydon forced Scizor back.

“Now hit it with Hyper Beam!”

“Counter with Swords Dance!”

Scizor spun faster than lightning to avoid the high-powered attack. They were even. I didn’t know what to do.

“Come on and face the truth, Andrew. You’re coming back to Team Rocket with me, and we’re going to have a nice long talk about the future of Team Rocket.”

I felt paralyzed. Flashbacks continued to resurface. Tears streamed down my face as they came back. I thought the worst was over once my commissioning was complete. I remembered thinking I was safe in my bed. That hope faded when I was surrounded after my commissioning by the older grunts. I fought but was too sore to resist.

“Please, no,” I cried. “Anything but this.”

But my cries fell on deaf ears as they dominated me. This level of pain and violation hurt deeper than the previous torture. This was true violation. Grunt after grunt after grunt held me down, thrusting against me without abandon, whispering in my ear things like “Don’t pretend that you don’t like this” or “We’re gonna make you our bitch, Prince Andrew - your father can’t save you here.” All of this because I was the leader’s son. When they finally left me alone, hours later, I writhed in pain and cried myself to sleep, waking up to what looked like a crime scene with my sheets being stained with blood and other fluids. I just couldn’t handle the thoughts, my tears flowing freely and my stomach nauseated with the thought of what those grunts did to me for so long.

“Use Hyper Beam again, Rhydon.”

I tried to counterattack, but the memories paralyzed me.

The attack hit. Scizor fell and got back up.

“C’mon, Andrew!” Lance called. “Don’t listen to him! You can still win this.”

I couldn’t tune his voice out. I felt trapped. Like I did before I joined Team Rocket.

“Finish it off with Horn Drill! Then we’ll be another step closer to making Team Rocket whole again.”

Nooooooo!

Scizor tried to break free from its grasp, but its wings were too tired. It hit its directly, piercing its armor and hitting its heart. Like Crobat, it fell onto the ground, blood staining the ground. It gave me a pained smile and placed its claw under my chin before it collapsed, lifeless.

All the images today threatened to destroy my heart. My grief was too much, and now it was just down to two pokémon for each of us. I was unsure if I could win this battle after all. My knees gave way, meeting the ground in front of my scizor.

“Andrew!” Lance called.

I didn’t acknowledge him.

“Hey, hold it there, bub!” he yelled at him. “You take another step toward him, and that’s a forfeit to this battle and the end of our beloved Andrew.”

I heard Lance sigh. “Andrew, you can do this. I’ve seen you battle. He’s psyching you out. He’s evil. He’s trying to get to you so that you won’t focus on the battle. You’ve already won. Everyone else has been-”

“Silence, you fool! My son can make his own decision. Now, send out your next pokémon so I can crush it.”

“Andrew, you can beat him. You have to believe you can.”

I could hardly think. I brought Scizor to my side of the field. I grabbed Pupitar’s pokéball and released it, hoping I wouldn’t let it down like I did the others.

“Rhydon, use Horn Drill.”

It charged at Pupitar. I could hardly watch. Memories kept flooding into my mind.

Protect yourself, friend. I’m finished.

Pupitar protected itself and looked at me. I broke down, feeling like I couldn't fight anymore.

I shut my eyes and tried to escape. All I could see were the flashbacks. All I could hear was my cries for everything to stop. All I could feel was the shame of being violated and humiliated in front of a  group of grunts.

Why me? Why was I the one who was in Team Rocket, having to deal with this monster?

Though it was knocked out, I felt Espeon’s spirit with me, and though I didn’t understand what it said, all I heard was, you’re stronger than you believe. Why wouldn't it be you?

“What? You want to fight, you weak little shell?” he yelled at Pupitar.

I opened my eyes and focused on him.

Pupitar looked angry. This was the first time I’d seen it so pumped up. It started to charge the strongest Hyper Beam I’d seen it produce.

“Blast that reptile back to the Stone Age!” I yelled.

It roared with all its might and fired off a Hyper Beam that rivaled any attack I'd ever seen. Unfortunately, Rhydon’s horn scattered the attack, rendering it useless.

“You’re going to meet the same fate as those other brats. Rhydon, Horn Drill that thing into dust!”

Dodge it!

Pupitar tried to dodge, but Rhydon was too sly. It tried to hold it back, but Rhydon’s horn made contact, piercing its shell and leaving its exposed for the unthinkable. It now laid on the ground, motionless.

My tears were gone, and my strength returned tenfold. My blood boiled hotter than before, and I had a new resolve: I was going to kick my father’s ass so hard he was going to regret ever touching my pokémon. I brought it back to my side of the field and faced him.

 “You are going to rue the day you ever laid a hand on my pokémon. You fucked with the wrong Brown.”

For once, he looked scared.

I’m so sorry, friends. I’m forever in your debt.

I grabbed my last pokéball and held it up to my lips.

Let’s finish him off and bring restitution to our community.

I threw it into the air, and out came Dragonair, already looking as fierce as a gyarados after trespassing into its territory.

“You’d better hold onto your hat because we’re going to blast you into that jail cell. Isn’t that right, Dragonair?”

Dragonair let out a fierce cry, and its orbs glowed a bright blue color.

“I’d like to see you try, you fool,” he shot back.

Soon, the sky darkened with clouds, it began to rain, making Rhydon wince. It was time to bring this battle to a close.

“Use Rock Slide, Rhydon!”

“Counter with Ice Beam!”

Dragonair charged a blue sphere before the attack shot out like lightning, immobilizing its attack and hit it directly with ice and rock. It fell to the ground.

“Get up, you numbskull! Get up and fight!”

It got up slowly, and I leered at my father.

“Use Hyper Beam!”

Rhydon’s attack charged, and I knew I could get the upper hand right away. The temptation to do the unthinkable like he had done was at the forefront of my mind, but in my heart I couldn’t bring myself to carry it out.

“Dragonair, counter with Thunder!”

Dragonair’s attack launched immediately and hit Rhydon as it prepared its attack, sending a thunderstorm all over its soaked body. It fell to the ground, unable to battle.

“C’mon, Dad,” I said with a grin, "let’s see that final pokémon of yours. You’re only delaying the inevitable.”

He reached for his final pokéball and released his last pokémon, which was his persian.

I smiled big. There was no way I was losing. This was his pet. It wouldn’t stand a chance against my dragonair that had grown so much stronger from a baby dratini. 

“Dragonair, use Dragonbreath!”

“Dodge it and use Slash!”

Persian dodged its flame attack and hit Dragonair, but it also came into closer range for its attack. Persian fell back and got back on its feet.

“Persian, use Fury Swipes!”

“Counter with Ice Beam!”

Right when it got close enough, it made contact and took heavy damage. Persian stood, panting, and Dragonair, like myself, was still confident and determined to win.

“Use Hyper Beam!” he yelled.

“Counter with Twister!”

The attacks were evenly matched, but the tornado overtook it and hit Persian. I knew only one hit would be necessary to take it out.

Give it all you’ve got, friend. This is it.

“Hyper Beam, one more time!” he yelled.

“Outrage!”

Dragonair’s entire body stiffened as it glowed a bright red color and sent the largest attack I’d ever seen. A bright light flashed as the attacks collided, but it blew through Persian’s attack and hit it, wiping out the rest of its hit points.

My father fell to his knees, and I called Dragonair back to its pokéball, not wanting it to see what I did next.  I ran over to him, grabbed him by his coat, and punched him hard repeatedly across the face.

“What do you have to say now, you sorry son of a bitch?! This is what you deserve for taking everything from me!”

I wailed on him, sparing him none of my fury. After several great blows to his face, leaving him black and blue, bleeding, and unable to defend himself, Lance, Koga, and Bruno tried to pry me off him.

Lance threw me off so that Koga and Bruno could handcuff him, but before they could restrain him, he pressed the button on his device. Immediately, my device seized, and I could feel something metallic pierce my wrist.

“No, Drew!” Lance called.

Koga and Bruno frisked him and searched him until they could find anything that could unlock the device.

“It’s exactly what you deserve,” my father said, looking right at me. “You miserable disgrace for a Brown. I’d rather you be dead than soil the name of my family’s organization.”

Minutes later, I felt lightheaded. Thankfully, they found a key tucked away under his shirt, and Lance quickly used it to remove the device. Bruno kept my father restrained while Koga applied pressure  on my wrist to stop the flow of blood.

I laid on the wet ground, in tears. I'd finally confronted the man who tormented me, and I beat the crap out of him and his pokémon, but I still felt broken. Four of my friends were gone, and nothing had changed. I was still a criminal forever damaged by an evil man’s actions.

Lance bent down to talk to me while Koga bandaged my wrist.

“Andrew, it’s all right,” he said. “You won. You did what you set out to do.”

“But nothing’s changed,” I said back, still crying. “That man made me a criminal and took everything from me, and now four of my pokémon are dead. And, after confronting him, I’m still that person.”

“What he did to you in this battle is unforgivable,” Lance said, trying to smile but found it difficult. “But, you’re not that person. The way you took down Team Rocket and confronted your father shows that you’re not. You’re stronger than I thought, Andrew. You’re full of character and a fantastic pokémon trainer.”

With my wrist bandaged, Koga offered me an antidote from his bag. I took it and swallowed before Lance helped me up, steadying me with his arm over my shoulders.

“Trust me, bro. You’re not the same person you were when you were 11. You’re a hero.”

While the police started to arrive in droves, I was sobbing on the ground where my beloved, lifeless pokémon laid while they took inventory of the scene. The police arrested my father and took pictures and evidence from the scene. I sat near my lifeless pokémon, wishing I still felt their spirits with me. Espeon and Dragonair grieved with me, sharing in my loss of our dear friends.

Chief Douglas, seeing the scene before him, looked grieved and tried to console me with a hug any father would try to give his son. Rather than shun it, I melted into the embrace, overtaken by tears again.

“You’ve done great today,” he said after he consoled me. “We’ll do what we can to take proper care of your fallen friends. In the meantime, go ahead and head back to Saffron. I know this is awful, but staying here isn’t good for you.”

“Sir!” one of the medics shouted. “This one still has a pulse.”

We went over, and sure enough, Pupitar’s eyes were open, its life energy compromised. Still, I felt its spirit there with us where a few moments ago it was too faint to pick up. I threw my arms around it, so thankful it was still here.

“Get it to the hospital as quick as you can,” Chief Douglas said. “We may still be able to save it.”

After saying goodbye to it, with some reluctance, I followed the guys back to town. We took our time flying back to the city. Soon, we were back in the town square. All the citizens were out, celebrating and trying to talk to us and congratulate us. We tried to keep to ourselves. None of us spoke. 


~ ~ ~


When it seemed the walk couldn't be any longer, we got to the Magnet Train, took the ride back to Saffron City, and were escorted by car back to the police station where everyone was waiting for us. When I least expected it, all the gym leaders surrounded me and congratulated me. It seemed everyone wanted to talk to me and find out what happened, concerned about my blood-stained uniform. I was appreciative of all the help they gave me, but all I wanted to do was be alone. My grief was still very much at the forefront of my mind.

Misty, seeing how tired and sad I must have looked, came up to me and hugged me. Out of everyone, I didn’t mind it.

“Are you okay?”

I shook my head.

I stuck by her for about half an hour, letting her hold my hand through this difficult moment and trying to get through forced conversations with others. Lance, Koga, and Bruno retold what happened to those who were there, not sparing any details on my battling style and the loss of most of my team. Everyone, shocked and angered by what happened, tried to console me and make me the man of the hour, especially in moments I felt overwhelmed again. I tried to blend in, but it was impossible.

I spotted a nurse nearby, who happened to be present for the celebration. I unclasped hands with Misty and walked over to her, Brock following at my heels.

“Congratulations, Andrew,” she said. “You’ve saved our community from a dangerous evil. How can I thank you for your bravery?”

I gave her a half-smile. “Nurse, would you please heal my pokémon? I'm the one who heals them… but I don’t think that’ll be an option when I’m back in my cell. I won’t be able to sleep tonight unless I know they’re taken care of.”

“Of course, Andrew,” she said. “We’ll take good care of them. And, we’ll see to it that Pupitar makes a full recovery as well.”

“And, I’ll see to anything I can on your behalf as well,” Brock said.

Chief Douglas organized a party inside the police department’s lobby fit with decorations, cake, and refreshments for everyone. They brought me in, presented everything, and had time for others to toast the occasion and tell me how grateful they were to have met me and been part of our making history.

When it came time for me to speak, I couldn’t. I was in no mental space for celebrating. I found a way to get outside and spent an hour smoking cigarettes. Others came outside to check on me, but I refused to return to the party. After a while, one of the guards came outside and asked me if I needed anything. All I wanted was one thing, so I asked if I could return to my cell. He was hesitant to do that, and when Chief Douglas came, he also wanted me to stay and celebrate. But, after some convincing, they escorted me to my idea of peace and quiet.

With the excitement still growing outside, I was thankful for my dark prison cell. I laid down on my cot and tried to fall asleep after I felt like I couldn’t cry anymore. My mind raced from what I’d done, and all I wanted was to forget the whole day. The guard came in after a while and offered me food, but I refused. Food was the last thing on my mind.

I was finally able to doze off, but I didn’t find any relief. My nightmares were the most terrifying I’d ever experienced. All I saw was my father’s cunning in our battle, his evil smirk, his taunting, the murders, and all the torture that was waiting for me if I lost the battle. Despite what happened, in my dream I lost. All my pokémon were dead, and I tried everything I could to get away, but I was trapped. Like I'd done to him, he wailed on me. The next thing I knew, I was back in the Team Rocket hideout, tied up, and facing the same techniques that broke me and led to my commissioning.

I woke up crying in a cold sweat. It seemed sleep was out of the question. When the guard checked on me a little later, I asked to use the fitness center. He escorted me and supervised me while I exercised for an hour with as much resistance as I could. Exhausting myself was the only way I could clear my mind.

After he escorted me back to my cell, he encouraged me to eat something. I obliged and ate what he gave me in the cafeteria, but my appetite was nowhere to be found. After the guard took me back to my cell, I spent the rest of the night sleeping off and on and staring at the walls around me. I knew this was going to be a long night, but I had to get through it. This was my life now. It was time to accept it.


~ ~ ~


The next morning, after finally getting some sleep, I had a visitor. It was Chief Douglas. He opened my cell and nudged me awake.

“Good morning, Andrew,” he said.

“Morning, sir. Is something wrong?”

“Oh, no, nothing’s wrong. The governor's holding a press conference today, and he requested your appearance.”

The last thing I expected was an invitation to such a monumental moment for our region. All I could think of responding back with was “Okay.”

“We have clothes waiting for you, so if you follow me, we can get you cleaned up,” he said as he removed my handcuffs.

I decided it was in my best interest to follow him and retrieved a clean pair of boxers from my backpack. When I came out of my cell, I was usually handcuffed. But, Chief Douglas seemed to have forgotten that. I followed him through a few hallways before reaching the department’s locker room. I wasn’t sure why he brought me here since this was not where prisoners showered.

“Go ahead and shower and shave – whatever you need to do. Everything’s provided in here, and if you open locker #639, there’ll be a dress shirt, a tie, a pair of slacks, a pair of socks, and a pair of shoes you can wear. I’ll be waiting outside when you’re finished.”

This whole thing continued to confuse me. Still, I went ahead and did what he asked me to do. I tried to ignore the other officers as they got ready for their days, despite their wanting to exchange small talk. After my shower and shave, like he'd said, locker #639 had exactly what he mentioned, so I put them on. Once I looked presentable in black and white, I left the locker room where Chief Douglas was waiting for me.

“Here are your personal items that we kept safe for you,” he said before handing me my cigarettes and pokéballs. It was an indirect reminder of yesterday’s loss. I kept my grief inside and tried to be strong.

I took them and put them in my pockets. The freedom he gave me continued to unnerve me. I had no idea what was happening. Why was I given them if we were coming back after the event? I followed him through more hallways, and we were outside where the department’s cars were. Chief Douglas approached one of the cars and, when I went toward the backseat door, he motioned for me to sit up front with him. After we both got in and buckled our seatbelts, we were on the road.

We were silent through most of the trip. I looked out the window, but I didn’t have anything on my mind, as if I was in a permanent daze. When we approached Viridian City, I held my breath.

“The media has been going crazy,” Chief Douglas finally said. “Word’s gotten out that Team Rocket's destroyed, and every journalist in Kanto's been hounding us for details.”

Chief Douglas and I parked closeby and walked over to the event. It appeared as if the whole city was outside City Hall, waiting for the press conference to begin. Journalists sat in front of the podium with their microphones and cameras set up. At least 500 chairs were set up for guests, and all but the first row that was roped off were filled. Anyone who didn’t already have a seat stood, and a sea of people stood behind the chairs. I couldn't count how many were in attendance. It could have been at least 2,000. Chief Douglas sat down on one of the first chairs in the first row and motioned for me to join him. Officers from Saffron began to fill the remaining seats.

A few minutes later, the governor appeared out of the building’s front doors, prompting photographers to start snapping pictures and journalists getting their notepads ready. As he approached the podium, I became nervous. The audience applauded the governor’s appearance.

“Thank you, thank you very much,” he began as he waited for the applause to die down. “Today is a momentous day in our community’s history. I’m thrilled to announce that Team Rocket has finally been destroyed!”

The audience roared with yells and applause. I remained silent, my attention never leaving the governor. He made eye contact with me and returned to his speech. What he said next grabbed ahold of my nerves.

“Eight years ago, a young man by the name of Andrew Brown left his home in Viridian City to become a pokémon trainer. On his way to Pallet Town, fate intervened in the form of kidnappers that took the boy and brought him before his father, Giovanni. When this young man refused to join Team Rocket, they tortured him for an entire year until he agreed. He spent the next seven years working his way up, believing there was no way to escape, and ended up rising to second-in-command.”

My heart was in my throat, pounding with my eyes glued to the governor.

“But, when given the opportunity, this young man defied everything and escaped, and with the help of the Saffron City and Goldenrod City police departments, the Elite Four, and the gym leaders of Kanto and Johto, he brought Team Rocket down... He also helped the police arrest the mastermind of evil, his father Giovanni, who has infected our society and will infect it no more.”

The audience cheered again. I grew more nervous with each word. As I anticipated what he was going to say next, I began to feel nauseated. I tried to take my eyes off the governor, but I couldn’t bring myself to do so.

“I’m pleased to say that that young man is here with us today, and besides celebrating our safety, I want to honor this young man’s service. Would you please give a warm round of applause for Andrew Brown?!”

The crowd roared with applause and cheers, and the governor looked right at me, motioning for me to join him on stage. I felt terrified and paralyzed. But, I knew I couldn’t refuse him or the crowd. Chief Douglas nodded at me, and the other police officers were smiling and motioned for me to get up. I shook my head and buried my face in my knees. The next thing I knew, Chief Douglas and all the police officers in attendance surrounded me. They helped me to my feet and, with the crowd’s roar rekindled, walked with me up the stairs to where the governor was. I was so overwhelmed. I wished I were somewhere else, but the officers who helped me destroy Team Rocket surrounded me.

Now, everyone in the city knew who I was. Those who didn’t know me at all saw Andrew Brown. Everyone else who knew me saw Joseph Miller, or who they thought he was. My image was changed forever. If I didn't have the police officers’ hands on my shoulders, I would've shook.

The governor shook my hand and put his arm around me as his gaze returned to the crowd. “I’m not sure if Andrew knew, but I was fortunate enough to go undercover and attend a conference in which he asked the Elite Four and our gym leaders for help. I also saw his leadership skills with my own eyes as an undercover police officer. I can’t help but admire his bravery and determination to ensure that Kanto, as well as other regions, can live in safety and away from unnecessary harm.”

It was at this moment that I felt my heart was going to stop. Someone from the governor’s office standing near him was now next to us. She was holding something. Something bigger was coming.

“After witnessing this man’s actions, it’s my honor to announce on behalf of the our government that Andrew Brown is hereby acquitted of all crimes against the government, and as governor, I decree that the day he brought Team Rocket to justice always be known as the ‘Day of Peace’ in which we’ll celebrate his contribution to our region’s safety.”

The crowd roared with applause, and I lost the feeling in my legs. I sunk to the ground and burst into tears. The officers around me stooped down and picked me up, but my tears blinded me. I couldn’t believe it. I wiped my eyes and saw the governor was holding a medal in his hands. He walked toward me, pinned it to my shirt and shook my hand again. The photographers went crazy with their cameras.

When I was a lowly grunt, wanting to advance to escape my problems at that time, I thought finding freedom was impossible. I thought I’d spend the rest of my life in Team Rocket, never again to know what it was like to walk in Viridian City without surveillance. Now, I was free. Free to live the life I wanted. And yet, I didn’t know what to do. I no longer had any working knowledge of what being a free citizen felt like. And my friends. My lifeless friends who were no longer with me.

It felt like the crowd wouldn’t stop roaring, the flashes from the cameras unceasing, my tears unrelenting. The governor patted me on the back as I tried to pull myself together. I wished I could've run and hid, but it seemed that was the last option for me. I had to get through this.

Once the crowd quieted down, the governor began to speak again. “Andrew, you are an inspiration to us. On behalf of everyone in Viridian City, I hope you’re now able to live the life you want to live.”

The crowd applauded again, and I was finally able to get ahold of myself. The police officers escorted me back to my seat. I tried to hide from any stares while the governor continued the press conference. What followed was another small ceremony in which the gym leaders, the Elite Four, and the police officers received medals for their bravery.

“The Goldenrod and Viridian police departments will begin an investigation in tandem with the Mahogany, Azalea, Saffron, Lavender, and Celadon police departments to not only uncover everything we were told by Mr. Brown but also survey Team Rocket’s history so that we can prosecute everyone in our custody. Those who had property stolen by Team Rocket will receive restitution and should contact their local police departments. Currently, Giovanni and William Brown have been booked and haven’t yet given pleas. Once we have all evidence collected, the High Court will decide how best to bring those charged to justice.”

The governor looked through his notes before continuing.

“I will now open this press conference up to questions from the press.”

I didn’t listen as reporters asked questions about everything he’d mentioned. Nobody asked anything about me, but I knew I was fair game once the press conference was over. I turned to Chief Douglas and said, “Sir, could you escort me somewhere else? I don’t want to face the media after this.”

He smiled. “Of course, Andrew.”

While he answered their questions, Chief Douglas, along with his officers, escorted me away from the scene. I was sure I was disappointing many journalists, but I had no intent of talking to them about how great my life was. That would’ve been the biggest lie I could tell.

I still felt nauseated. I walked to a nearby bush and vomited. When nothing else came up after 30 seconds, I got into Chief Douglas’ car and waited a minute for him to join me. He had my backpack and handed it to me. I'd had no idea they had brought it for me. It was as if they’d known all along.

“Where do you want me to take you?” he asked as he turned on the ignition.

I had nowhere to go home to, but I had to come up with something. “The Park.”

Within a few minutes, we were at the State Park. He stopped in front of the park’s entrance and shook my hand. “Good luck, Andrew. If you ever need anything, let us know.”

I nodded and watched him drive away. I turned around and looked at the park before me. It had been almost a decade since I was last here. I remember running through the trees and watching nature with Mom. Right now, it was one place I doubted anyone would find me. I entered the park and searched for a secluded place where I could find some solitude.










Chapter Six

 

After walking around and observing how the park hadn’t changed, I found the tree Mom and I used to sit under during our picnics. I released Espeon and Dragonair and let them get some fresh air. They needed to run around and play, but they were solemn like I was. Nothing ever went past them and our bond.

I laid down with the tree as a backrest. They laid down around me. I closed my eyes and lost myself in my thoughts. Now I was on my own. I had no way of providing for them. I had to think of something I could do to support us. I didn’t care about my survival. Theirs was my prerogative.

My grief was still present. I felt numb, trying to figure out why it happened or if it had been real. Yet, it was peaceful here, and despite my fear, I knew I had some time to try to relax. I was free now to do so.

I dozed off for about an hour before I woke up and found my pokémon were asleep, too. I tried to get up, but they began to stir.

“Keep resting, guys,” I said. “I’m going to stretch my legs.”

I walked a fair distance away in which I could keep my eye on them and lit a cigarette. I finally began to feel calm. The morning had been stressful, so I hoped the rest of the day would be as calm as it was in the park. I took in the sights and breathed a sigh of relief to be in a safe, peaceful place.

Once my cigarette was out, I turned to walk back to where my pokémon were. But, I noticed someone nearby through my peripheral vision.

“Andrew?” a familiar voice asked.

I looked to the right, and my heart, for the first time in the longest time, surged with emotion that didn’t include pain from my past.

My eyes welled up with tears as our eyes met for the first time in years. She looked as beautiful as she did when I left home. She had the same brown hair that helped me not see myself as my father’s son. She was the same beautiful, kind woman I’d always admired. My heart began to break as we walked toward each other, tears in her eyes as well.

As soon as I was in her arms, I couldn’t hold back my emotions. We were both sobbing and collapsed on the ground, her arms cradling me.

“I’ve missed you so much, my son,” she said.

I couldn't stop saying “I’m sorry,” still unable to control my sobs. If I’d hurt any person during my time with Team Rocket, it had to have been her.

Mom rubbed my back, telling me everything was fine. For the first time, I started to believe it.

“I’m so glad you’re safe,” she said when we were finally able to calm ourselves down. “Look at you, Andrew. You’re grown now and every bit as handsome and strong as I imagined you’d be.”

“How did you find me?”

“I saw the press conference on TV,” Mom said. “I got right to City Hall when the police escorted you from the scene. I called around to find out where you were, and someone finally told me you were here.”

I smiled. “It’s so great to see you. I never thought I’d see you again. I wished I’d stayed home. I never got to be the trainer I wanted to be.”

“I always thought you became successful in your pokémon journey when you didn’t come home. But, I see now that you did become a great pokémon trainer.”

“You do?”

“Of course,” she said. “I may not have known who your real identity was, but I always heard customers and friends talk about how tough our gym leader was and how disciplined he kept Viridian’s excellence in pokémon training.”

Her words touched my heart. I never thought my battle demeanor was such a big topic in our city’s social web.

“Where are you staying?” she asked.

I sighed. “Nowhere. I came here because it was away from everything.”

“Why don’t you come and stay with me?” she asked. “I’d hate for you to be by yourself, especially after everything you’ve been through. Plus, I bet you could use a home-cooked meal.”

I couldn’t deny that I was starving. Plus, I’d missed her, and I had nowhere else to go. “If you’ll have me.”

She smiled. “Of course, Andrew.”

We both got up off the ground and walked toward where my pokémon were sitting, watching us.

“Are these your friends?” she asked.

I smiled and nodded. I tried to keep my tears behind my eyes to stay strong, but I wasn't successful. "These two are my life... one of them is injured and in the hospital and the other three were taken from me early... but, they were some of the hardest workers in this city.”

"I'm so sorry, Andrew," she said, taking my hand. "It's terrible what's happened to you."

I nodded, wiping the tears flowing from my eyes.

She tried to smile. “I bet they're hungry, too.”

They squealed with delight, which made me laugh, even though I was still in tears. Mom paid some motherly attention to both of them. It touched my heart to see her interact with them as if she knew them all their lives. Without ever meeting her, they gravitated to her.

“They’re lovely, Andrew,” she said. “I can tell you raised them well.”

I smiled. “Thanks, Mom… C’mon, guys, let’s go home.”

I grabbed my backpack and held Mom’s hand as we left the park and walked the fair distance back to my childhood home, with Espeon at my feet and Dragonair wrapped around me.

As we walked through town, everything felt familiar. The architecture and the energy of the community had remained the same. Now I could feel like I was home.

“I can’t believe it’s been so long since I left,” I said. “The city hasn’t changed much. I’ve missed it.”

“That’s one thing I love about it,” Mom said. “Everyone knows everyone. It helps make us a unified community.”

“What do you like most about it?” I asked.

“I love the people, but everything else here like the shops and festivals are wonderful, too. I don’t think I’d want to live anywhere else.”

The house hadn’t changed one bit. It had a new coat of paint, and the roof had been re-shingled, but it was still the home I’d missed for years. We went inside, and it was like walking back into the past. Everything was as I’d remembered it. The floral upholstered couches were still arranged around our fireplace and sat well on the viridian carpet. The upgraded kitchen suited Mom’s needs as a chef.

“Go ahead and make yourself comfortable,” she said. “I’m going to start lunch.”

I went ahead and let Espeon and Dragonair roam the house while Mom was cooking. I went upstairs and looked at my old room. It was exactly as I left it, except for having a larger bed and a more mature solid green bedspread. William’s old room had been turned into a sitting room with books and memories of our family.

I changed into a tank top and shorts and went downstairs to put the rest of my clothes in the washing machine.

I sat down in the living room, thinking to myself while Mom prepared our food. The house soon smelled like grilled chicken, and when I wasn’t watching, she prepared food for my pokémon as well. I tried to keep my emotions together about our fallen friends, as hard as it was to keep my tears contained.

When lunch was ready, I called my pokémon over, and they happily congregated around their food, eating and enjoying themselves. Mom and I sat down to a giant bowl of grilled chicken salad adorned with plenty of fruit, nuts, and vegetables. It looked more than good enough to eat. My appetite was still lacking, but I pushed through it.

“Thanks for your hospitality, Mom,” I told her. “After that press conference, I didn’t know where I was going to go.”

“You’re welcome, Andrew,” she replied. “It definitely wasn’t what I was expecting to do today.”

“What were you expecting?”

“Working,” she said. “But, the owner of the restaurant called me out of the kitchen when the press conference began, and when the governor brought you on stage, we both couldn’t believe it. We were both in shock, and when he exonerated you and presented the medal to you, he gave me the day off and told me to go find you.”

It was nice eating at home again. Out of any other place I could have been, I was glad I was here. We talked about lighter topics while we ate, like how her career had blossomed since I left home and what different things were happening in the community.

When we finished eating, Mom insisted she do the dishes, so I went ahead and settled in the living room. Espeon laid down in my lap, and Dragonair laid near my feet, wanting to remain close to me.

Mom joined us a few minutes later. After she sat down, she spent some time looking at me.

“Well, despite the circumstances, Andrew, you’ve turned out well,” she said.

“Thanks, Mom,” I said. “I’m surprised I did.”

“I know everything's still fresh for you, sweetheart, but I want to know more about what happened than what the governor shared.”

I figured she deserved to know as much as anyone in this city, apart from the press. I told her as much as I could remember. What got her was the lengths my father went to torture me into joining.

“How did you deal with it?” she asked.

“I couldn't,” I said. “In the moment, all I could do was stay strong and try to make it to the next day. When the pain didn’t stop, I focused on the fact that I was still alive. When the torture finally stopped, and I thought the pain would stop, it didn’t. Other Team Rocket members bullied me, and each day the scars on my body reminded me how I sold out to stay alive.”

“And, where were you scarred?”

“All over my arms, legs, back, and chest.”

“And, is that why you have your tattoos?”

I nodded. “The scars showed how damaged and unloved I was, and I hated looking at myself in the mirror. But, one day, I decided to use pain as an outlet for discipline, dedication, and motivation to keep living. I altered my behavior so people would respect me, and I began to tattoo over my scars so I'd see something inspiring… I know it’s looked down upon, Mom, and I hope you don’t think of me any differently… looking at the scars just left me feeling so worthless.”

“Honey, I could never look down on you… it may not be culturally acceptable, but all cultures need more acceptance… What I can see is beautiful, so I understand why you needed to cover up those reminders… Did you get tattoos on all your scars?”

I shook my head and proceeded to take my shirt off to show her all the scars I hadn't tattooed over yet.

Everything she saw overwhelmed her. I hugged her to help her feel better after she spent some time feeling the rough skin on my back. It was almost too much for her.

“They weren’t ideal circumstances, Mom, and I hope my father pays for what he did to me, but it made me stronger. I wouldn’t be the trainer or person I am today if I hadn’t been there. Plus, if he hadn't kidnapped me, Team Rocket would still exist today.” 

She saw my point, calmed herself down, and went back to asking about the rest of my experiences. I told her about the rest of my time with Team Rocket, how I’d escaped, and how I turned myself in, not sparing details on our mission and my confrontation with my father and his cruelty to my team. She held me as I cried and relived that horror. Last, I disclosed to her my diagnosis with PTSD.

“Andrew, I’ll never forgive him for what he’s done to you,” she said.

It was a tough moment. Both of us were in tears again.

“How does it feel?”

“It feels like I relive it every day,” I said, “and there’s nowhere I can go to escape it.”

We must have spent at least 20 minutes crying and going over how I dealt with it and what it was like to relive the experience. She spent the whole time holding me.

“I feel so helpless,” she said. “My baby goes through hell everyday thanks to that bastard.”

I’d never seen Mom so upset, but the only way for the moment to pass was to let it run its course. Once we were past it, we were talking about other things.

“How’s your brother? Is he like your father?” she asked.

“As far as I know, he doesn’t have any psychological problems. I heard he agreed right away to join, but he’s not as evil as our father but pretty close. He wanted him back because he believed he couldn’t run it like him. Our father wanted me to take over because he thought Will couldn’t handle the job.”

For a majority of the day, journalists were coming to the house, asking for quotes from me or Mom.

“What should we do?” she asked me when the first one arrived.

“I have no desire to say anything,” I said, “but I don’t mind if you do.”

Mom decided to respect me by answering the door and telling them that I wasn’t issuing any statement and requested privacy. If journalists weren’t coming to the door, they were calling, and Mom was happy to do the same with them. After a while, the requests stopped.

Later that night, after my laundry was dry and put away, Mom tucked me in, something she hadn’t done in years and wanted to do only this one time.

“Good night, Andrew,” she said. “I’m so blessed to have you home.”

“Good night, Mom,” I said, “and thank you for taking me in.”

There was a moment of silence as she walked toward the door. She turned around and looked me in the eye. “I hope you know that I love you and am proud of you.”

I smiled. There was so much I wanted to say but couldn't find the words. I could feel tears forming behind my eyes. “I love you, too.”

She closed my door as she left, and my pokémon released themselves out of their pokéballs and surrounded me as tears streamed down my face. Espeon and Dragonair laid around me to keep me warm and not feel alone.

This made me smile. This was the first time they’d been able to sleep outside their pokéballs, and I realized this was a crucial activity that I’d never been able to give them. Our bond was strong, but I knew this would strengthen it further. I cried for the absence of our friends, but it didn’t last long before I drifted off to sleep.

The next morning, when the paper arrived, my mother and I wondered what they wrote about me. Mom read it first, as I was hesitant. But, it wasn’t like I had expected. They used the most unflattering photo of me in tears as the dominant photo.

“It's fair,” she said as we sat down to breakfast. “Nothing bad about you.”

It was the paper’s front-page story, which didn’t surprise me.


~ ~ ~


TEAM ROCKET DESTROYED, LEADER’S SON EXONERATED

By Jane Dowell, News Editor

In a press conference Saturday, Kanto Gov. Bartholomew Lee confirmed rumors that organized crime syndicate Team Rocket was no more.

“Today is a momentous day in our history,” Gov. Lee said. “I’m thrilled to announce that Team Rocket has finally been vanquished.”

Rumors began to circulate late Friday afternoon after Team Rocket’s broadcast over the Kanto Broadcasting Network ended. Team Rocket planned to take control of KBN’s Goldenrod City facility two weeks before its broadcast, said Chief Ken Douglas of the Saffron police department. 

After the broadcast ended, sources close to the Saffron police department revealed that the Goldenrod police department arrested Giovanni Brown, his oldest son William Brown, and other key executives of the organization. The Saffron and Goldenrod police departments kept media attention over the arrests quiet out of respect for Andrew Brown, Giovanni’s youngest son.

Gov. Lee revealed Brown’s real identity in the press conference. This was the first time the community in which he grew up heard his personal story.

“Eight years ago, a young man by the name of Andrew Brown left his home in Viridian City to become a pokémon trainer,” Gov. Lee said. “On his way to Pallet Town, fate intervened in the form of kidnappers that took the boy and brought him before his father, Giovanni. When this young man refused to join, they tortured him for an entire year until he agreed. He spent the next seven years working his way up, believing there was no way to escape, and ended up rising to second-in-command.”

Police officers escorted a nervous Brown onstage. Gov. Lee exonerated Brown for his crimes and presented him with a medal. An emotional Brown said nothing, and officers escorted him from the scene before a comment could be requested.

“After witnessing this man’s actions, it’s my honor to announce on behalf of the Kanto State Government that Andrew Brown is acquitted of all crimes against the government,” Gov. Lee said. “As governor, I decree that the day he brought Team Rocket to justice always be known as the ‘Day of Peace,’ in which we’ll celebrate his contribution to our region’s safety.”

Brown was kidnapped at age 10, commissioned into Team Rocket at 11 and was promoted to gym leader of the Viridian City Gym at 13 under the pseudonym Joseph Miller, Chief Douglas said. He was with Team Rocket until he was 18 when he escaped and turned himself into the police. According to Gov. Lee, Brown contacted gym leaders and Elite Four members and asked for their help in arresting Team Rocket on behalf of the Saffron and Goldenrod police departments.

“He came to us by choice and said he wanted to pay society back for his crimes,” Chief Douglas said. “His story blew me away, and I wanted to do everything in my power to help him. Because he wanted to arrest Team Rocket, my team and I were happy to help him in any way we could.”

During his time as gym leader, the local and broader Kanto communities knew Miller as a well-respected trainer. Although he was not in public often, several of the artists at Rad Smeargle Tattoo Parlor knew him well.

“I battled him last year, and I barely defeated him,” said Wesley Schaeffer, a top 8 contestant in last year’s Pokémon League event. “I’ve never seen anyone battle like him. I wanted to find out what his training methods were so I could be as close to my pokémon as he was with his.”

While Kanto’s gym leaders didn't comment on yesterday’s events or the events before the press conference, the Elite Four had much to say about Brown. Despite his intimidating appearance, he had a gentler side that few people saw.

“I’ve never met anyone who was so genuinely human and yet so genuinely heroic,” said Elite Four member Koga. “He’s the prime example of channeling pain into success. He has a big future ahead of him.”

“I haven’t seen a trainer quite like him,” said Elite Four champion Lance, who saw Brown’s bloody battle against Giovanni. “The bond he has with his pokémon is the strongest I’ve ever seen, and I’m so grieved for his loss. He definitely has Elite Four potential.”

Those who attended the press conference had mixed emotions on the event. While many attendees thought it was a time to celebrate, others thought Brown deserved a sentence of some kind.

“I’m happy for the guy, but the governor's decision to exonerate him surprised me,” said an anonymous business owner. “Team Rocket has been downright evil. I don’t think we should let anyone associated with them get away scot-free.”

“It was heartbreaking to see Andrew so emotional at the event,” said Mollie Adkisson, owner of Clefairy Tails Bakery. “This young man had so much taken from him, and now he has a chance to start over and make amends. Good on Gov. Lee.”

Dustin Zane, executive director of the Pokémon Inspection Agency and a board member of the Pokémon League, was positive about Gov. Lee’s decision to exonerate Brown. In fact, Zane first probed the subject of exoneration with Gov. Lee.

“I’ve known Andrew for years, and I had no idea he was part of Team Rocket,” Zane said. “He’s one of the best gym leaders Kanto has ever seen, so why wouldn’t we be sympathetic? His heart is pure, and it was a win-win situation for everyone involved. He’s a great kid and definitely a pokémon master in his own right.”

Brown gave no comment for any of last week’s events. As a free citizen, his plans are unknown. Brown’s mother, Saundra Heaston, requested privacy for the family.

Police are collecting evidence. Court hearings for Giovanni and William Brown have not yet been announced.


~ ~ ~


For the next week, I stayed with Mom while I began to see Dr. Namada for treatment and processing the memories that were still haunting me. When I went to Dr. Namada’s office, I told him about everything that had happened since I’d last seen him.

“How was the mission?” he asked.

“…I’m glad we were successful. I wasn’t expecting it to be easy… and it wasn’t. It was the most difficult thing I’ve ever done.”

“What was the most difficult part for you?”

“Being back in the hideout brought back some feelings I didn’t like, but the worst was battling my father. The flashbacks I had during our battle were the worst I’d ever had… And, he took the lives of three of my pokémon from me.”

“I’m so sorry for your loss… confronting your fears shows a lot about you. Do you feel like a different person than you did before you confronted him?”

“…I do in a way. But, at the same time, I don’t feel much different than before. I’m still the same person with a mental condition and guilt.”

He smiled. “But, many good things have happened since I last saw you.”

“I guess,” was all I said.

“Now, we can focus on your treatment. Are you still up for this new challenge?”

Despite what went through my mind, I nodded. I wanted to get my mind back to the way it was before my father fucked it up.

For our first session, Dr. Namada had me take a few inventories so he would know where I fell regarding depression and anxiety. He also talked to me about several different therapies we could choose from. Aside from possibly putting me on medication, he also suggested group therapy to spend time with others who were dealing with the same symptoms I had.

“How does that sound?” he asked toward the end of our session.

“I’ll admit, I’m a bit reluctant, but I know I have to continue to face these demons to beat them.”

“I assure you it will be worth it when the memories don’t scare you anymore. It won’t be easy, but you’re not going to be alone through this.”

The session was more positive than negative, and he sent my prescriptions to the pharmacy. I visited Pupitar and gave it as much love as I could before I filled my prescriptions and went home. The only downside to my new medications was they brought on drowsiness, which would decrease as my body adjusted to it.

Mom was so worried about me because of my condition that she offered to take off time from work to be with me, but I told her I appreciated the offer. Going about as normal a life as I could would help me deal with my condition. She understood, but I knew she felt helpless. I felt helpless, too, and I couldn’t imagine being in her position.

The days didn’t differ from each other. Each morning, Mom got up, got ready for work, and made breakfast. She woke me to say goodbye for the day. I got up and ate the rest of the breakfast she made and washed the dishes. I dressed and spent most of the time sitting on the front porch, chain smoking, and keeping my mind off everything that had happened.

When the memories were too much, I retired to my bedroom and tried to sleep. Mom usually got home around the time I woke up, and we had dinner together. A few times, if I was napping or she came home at the right time, I had nightmares so terrifying she’d find me screaming and wake me up. We’d both be in tears, with me cradled in her arms. Then, I’d be outside smoking a cigarette before coming in and talking to her.

I couldn’t imagine how it felt for her to see her son like that. The time alone was beneficial in some respects, as I at one time didn’t make time for myself. As far as my criminal record was concerned, I was free. I had no formal sentence to serve, and yet I had no idea what to do.


~ ~ ~


One afternoon, when Mom and I were looking through old photo albums, there was a knock on the door. Mom answered it while I remained on the couch, looking through the album.

“Good afternoon,” a man said, “I’m looking for Andrew Brown, and Saffron PD said he was staying here.”

I turned and looked at our visitor and, to my surprise, I found Dustin Zane standing on our doorstep. I thought his voice sounded familiar. A kind man in his thirties with blond hair and brown eyes, he had been a mentor for me when I was Viridian’s gym leader.

“Yes, he’s here,” Mom said. “Please come in.”

He was a very nice guy and easy to talk to. I shook his hand when he walked over to me. We helped him be comfortable in the living room with us.

“It’s so good to see you again, Andrew. You look well.”

“Thank you, sir," I replied. "This is quite a surprise. What brings you here?”

“I wanted to see how you were doing.”

I wasn’t sure what to say to sum everything up. I looked at Mom and then back at him. “…I’m still… coming to terms with everything… but I’m taking it one day at a time.”

“All of us at PIA and the Pokémon League were so saddened by what we found out. We’re so sorry for the loss of your teammates… We had no idea that you were unwillingly a part of Team Rocket. Why didn’t you say something to us during any of our retreats or inspections?”

“I… didn’t think I could. I felt trapped. There was so much surveillance that I didn’t think I’d be successful in escaping.”

“I’m sorry that you felt so helpless. If I'd had any idea that you needed help, I would’ve done everything in my power to get you out of there.”

It was a humbling moment. I was at a loss for words. It brought up so many questions. It made me question my motives and why I stayed in Team Rocket if freedom had been so close to my reach. I felt foolish.

“I also wanted to stop by and tell you that the Pokémon League is proud of you. Your bravery in standing up to your family and dismantling your father’s organization was heroic. We can’t thank you enough for helping keep our world safe.”

I didn’t know how to respond. I decided to go with what was on my mind. “I’m not a hero.”

“Of course you are, Andrew. You’ve given so many of us hope that we can all contribute to make our society a safer place.”

“But, I don’t understand. I was part of an organization that brought devastation to the entire region. Lives were destroyed, pokémon were stolen, and men were made evil. It’s like you said. I could’ve escaped if I’d wanted to. I was scared. Scared that if I left I’d be brought back and tortured again. I sold myself out for my own selfishness.”

“Andrew, we don’t blame you for any of that,” Mom said.

“Your mother’s right, Andrew,” he said. “We couldn’t imagine what you went through, and we’re not holding you to anything that happened. You were young. You were scared. We aren’t going to condemn you for being human.”

They didn’t understand. I looked away. Of all the things I felt right now, a hero was not among them.

He must have seen that I was skeptical, so he changed the subject. “Another reason I came by was to talk to you about the Viridian Gym.”

“What about it?” I asked.

“Because you’re no longer in Team Rocket, it’s empty. I need to find someone to take it over so our trainers can continue to train before being eligible for the Pokémon League.”

I wasn’t sure why he was telling me this. “Well, you must have loads of connections. I have no doubt you’ll find someone worth putting there.”

“Me too,” he said. “In fact, I’m looking at someone right now that would be a great gym leader.”

I looked at Mom and then back at him. Both were smiling.

“Me?”

He nodded. “I already know how much of a great trainer and hard worker you are. Plus, the gym leaders and the Elite Four had a lot of wonderful things to say about you. I wouldn’t want anyone else in that gym.”

I was speechless. I’d thought once Team Rocket disappeared, and I was in jail, my days as a gym leader were over. I thought about my pokémon. They grew up together in that gym. If this was a real offer, then that meant we were going home. It was a new start for us.

“What do you say, Andrew?” he asked. “Would you like to continue being the Viridian City Gym Leader?”

As confused as I was about everything, I was positive about what I wanted. “I’d love to.”

His smile never left his face. He reached into his pocket and tossed me the key to the gym. “It’s great to have you back.”

“Dustin, I owe you a lot. Not this, but also my freedom. How could I ever repay you?”

“You don’t owe me anything,” he replied. “You’re an amazing guy with a heart for pokémon and other trainers. I couldn’t ask for a better person on my team but also free in our community. Getting better and being happy are plenty for me.”

“It means a lot.”

“You deserve it, buddy. I’m going to hold onto you as long as I can before Lance gets his way.”

“What do you mean?”

“After your mission, he’s had his eye on you. Says you have potential for the Elite Four and the G-Men. I told him that you need to get better and get your groove back in Viridian before I’ll allow that.”

I smiled. What a humbling experience.

Before he left, we both went outside and talked while my pokémon had the chance to play.

“So, you’ll get the same stipend for gym maintenance and everything,” he said, “and I want you to have these.” He handed me my League ID card and a credit card for any necessary purchases. “That card can be used for your healthcare expenses. We want to take care of as many of your needs as we can, but please just keep that last part between us.”

I didn’t know how to thank him. Nobody had to help me, but my community held a multitude of generous, kindhearted people.

“So, when do you think we’ll be able to reopen?” I asked.

“Not for a while,” he replied. “I’m meeting with a contractor tomorrow morning at 8:00 to go over a major renovation. I’d love if you explained what it is you need the gym to be.”

“Count me in,” I said. “I’ll see you then.”

“Wonderful, buddy,” he said, shaking my hand as he turned to leave. “See you in the morning.”

