




Dedication
To my parents who gave each of their children 
the strength to live their lives with courage 
and faith in God and each other




Acknowledgments
To my brother Donald who lent his time and talents to 
edit and proof this and other works






Dream Valley © 2012 Robert Thomas

All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced by any means, electronic or otherwise without the written permission of the author or his representatives





Dream Valley
by Robert Thomas

Book one of
 The Crystal Point Legacy
Trilogy






Chapter One
Three Valleys

The morning broke bright and clear, the low fire from the night before ebbing, allowing a chill to enter the room. There was much work to do today and his lack of sleep would only make the day seem longer. His dream had been unexpected. He wondered, why would he remember this experience now?
Seika rarely thought about men and their kind. He had only seen a man once before. He had been traveling in the southern part of the Dream Valley, a place of perpetual summer where grassy hills locked together to form a rolling carpet of green. The tall thick trees ringing the valley floor stood like sentinels guarding the peaceful entrance that faced the Great Southern Wastelands. The valley was long and narrow and as beautiful a place as he had ever seen.
No one ever ventured into the wastelands for legend has it that a great war laid the country bare, harsh and uninhabitable. A never-ending haze prevented one from even seeing into the wastelands. Seika’s journey had taken him near the end of the valley where the trees thinned out. It was there he first caught a glimpse of him. Being the overly curious fellow he was, Seika tried to follow the stranger, but as the day slipped to twilight he was lost into the gathering darkness of the trees.
Seika was an accomplished woodsman, his skills nearly unmatched in all the Chrystum. He had tried to work his way closer while keeping a discreet distance. He struggled at balancing his intense curiosity, his first chance of seeing a man, and a troubling sense of fear. It seemed as though in the blink of an eye, he was gone. He had missed his chance.
He didn’t know why he had remembered his experience. It had been several months past and he hadn’t thought of it since. Well enough daydreaming, there was work to be done and it wouldn’t go away until he started. He rolled and flipped his legs over the side of the bed, let his feet hit the floor and slowly stretched as he rose.
It was going to be a beautiful day. He could feel the warmth of the morning light starting to take the chill from his bungalow. He moved toward the door to see the new day in all its fullness and to breathe the fresh morning air. As he passed the low window he could see someone coming across his field.  Most folks didn’t pass this way very often. His little home was away from the rest of the community, tucked into the low hills surrounding the village. Anyone coming this way would be headed to see him.
Seika opened the door letting the new light fill his home. He stepped outside and turned north toward the field. It was Chimol. He could see him clearly now, strolling up the long, green pasture.
“Hello, Chimol,” he called.
“Good morning, Seika!”
Now why is he coming here, Seika wondered. Ah yes, to help me with the repair on my roof. Seika was a fairly intelligent fellow but had a tendency to be a little absent-minded. This unfortunate trait did at times have its amusing moments.
“Did you remember I was coming this morning?”
“Oh, yes. I’m just a little late getting up today. These bones aren’t getting any younger.”
Chimol and Seika had been friends for many years having met when they were children. Although they weren’t very old they had a tendency to joke about the fact that middle age was heading for them fast. They had each seen thirty summers and though that is not very old for Sheimas, they would often say they had actually seen thirty winters.
With the ground too wet for planting, Seika had time to work on the roof having little else to do this early in the spring. The winter had done little actual damage but there were several small holes that needed attention. It would be a fine day, the sun warm and the skies clear from the evening rain. Both were skilled with their hands as was the custom of their kind and they knew they could be finished in just a few turns if need be. But today with a high sun, not much really mattered.
Their labors began in a leisurely manner as they worked with great skill weaving the thatched roof back into a fine carpet. After a few turns they decided to take a break, the sun being a little warmer than they had hoped. They tossed their rope ladders back down the side and lowered themselves to the grass.
“I’ve been keeping a secret from you Chimol.”
“Oh? And since when have you become so mysterious, old friend?”
“Mysterious? Me? Well, it’s hardly anything like that. I just wasn’t sure you would believe me.” Seika rose and started to pace as Chimol leaned back against the low wall and slipped to the ground.
“You seem disturbed. What is this secret you can’t tell your best friend?” Chimol puffed himself up a bit, pretending annoyance.
Seika then recounted the tale of his day in the Dream Valley and the stranger, the man he encountered. Chimol was astounded. He had never actually seen a man and the tales of their misdeeds was almost enough to keep one awake at night.
“Why are you telling me this now?”
“I don’t really know. I haven’t thought of it for a long time and then last night, the memory came back in a dream. It’s a little unsettling. I don’t know why.”
“A man you say! This is very exciting! I’ve never seen a man with my own eyes, but I’ve heard the tales and the rumors of late.”
“Rumors?”
“Oh yes Seika. You sit up here in the shadows of the hills and don’t know of the rumors, rumors of a man clad in crimson. Several have claimed to have seen him but can offer no proof. It is said he moves like the wind, silent and quick, yet leaves no trail to follow.”
“Why have you not told me of this before?”
“It is simple. I have not seen you for weeks.”
“Tell me now. With this news things do not seem to bode well. Men-folk in the Chrystum! It is unheard of and in light of my sighting evil seems to be afoot.”
Chimol then recounted the news of the previous weeks. He knew of a sighting near the bellows late at night, seen by the glow of the fire and the haze of the hot coals; a sighting near the northern boundary where the lands of the Sheimas end and the flatlands begin. He then told of one about which he had no doubt. It was made by his cousin Camdir, and it is said he was as honest as the river was wet as he was one of the few fishermen in all the Chrystum. This in itself was regarded as a little odd for Sheimas are not all that fond of water. He had been fishing on the southern-most loop of the Orange River just north of where Seika had seen the stranger when he saw a man bent over at the water’s edge. He was so excited he stood in his boat to call out, lost his balance and fell into the water. By the time he crawled back into his boat the man was gone.
Seika was astonished! Maybe Chimol was playing a game with him. He did that from time to time, but as he quizzed him every detail was the same, over and over again. He now had more questions than answers. Why were these things happening now? Why at all? He knew of only one person who might hold some answers, the only living Sheima in all the Chrystum who had ever traveled across its borders. But that would have to wait; there was still the roof to finish. They started back up and in just another turn their task would be finished.

*     *     *

Strolling through the vastness of the Chrystum was one of Seika’s favorite pastimes. It allowed him to clear his mind and unwind his thoughts as the seemingly endless hills rolled by nudged along by gentle breezes, the swaying of the tall grass like waves breaking the surface of a pristine sea. He loved this land and all that it held. But now his mind held other thoughts, those he scarcely remembered from his youth. Dreams of adventure and danger were as foreign to him as was soaring among the birds. Had he been foolish in his youth? Well, who among us hasn’t had such thoughts, he chuckled. Keeping his thoughts from wandering was next to impossible. The land was too rich, the scents too crisp and clean to concentrate. As twilight was beginning to take hold he hadn’t realized his meandering thoughts had slowed his pace. He quickened his step. It would be a long walk back and the hour would be late.
There comes a time in most everyone’s life when one must seek out the advice of the older and wiser, or the crazier, depending on one’s point of view, and Seika knew this time had come for him. He was almost there; a few more fields to cross and then a row or two of houses and up the hill. Mr. Clancy would be there; he always was and it seemed he always would be. Mr. Clancy would be in the house on the hill behind the crossroads.
Now, Mr. Clancy Olsides was about as odd as they come, or so it seemed to most. He traveled, or used to. That in and of itself was very strange as it was rare throughout their history that anyone traveled. The tales he used to tell had become legendary. They had long since been stretched beyond belief, but that was part of the aura that had grown up around him. Mr. Clancy didn’t mind. Folk thought him queer enough to leave him alone and that was just fine with him. Although he did have visitors on rare occasions, most were considered odd as well. They were usually old friends though most had long since passed away. ‘Beyond the river’ was the colloquial term.
A quarter-turn past the crossroads Seika reached the top of the hill at the edge of Mr. Clancy’s property. A few minutes more and he stood at the threshold of his journey. He felt very much out of place. Well, this is it, he thought. He reached up and knocked softly on the weathered door. Nothing. He knocked again, still no reply. The lights were on gleaming softly, the glow swallowed up as it raced into the gathering darkness. He took a step back and looked from side to side. Mr. Clancy was nowhere in sight. He turned his back to the door and looked out over the hillside below. It would be a long walk back. It was time to go.
“Ho young man,” came the call. Seika swung around, slightly startled. “What can I do for you this fine evening?”
“Good evening Mr. Clancy. It is a fine evening indeed. I did not think you were home. I was wondering if I might have a few minutes of your time.” Seika swallowed hard.
“Of course. I do not receive many visitors these days. Not that I chase them away mind you. Folks aren’t as friendly as they were in my day, you understand. Come in, come in, it’s beginning to get a bit chilly out here and that’ll do you no good at all.”
Seika retraced his steps, paused, and went inside. It was a cozy cottage, not brightly lit but glowing brightly from a small fire in the hearth. It seemed homey, the walls decorated with personal mementos and quaint paintings. The room was subdued but very much alive. He turned as Mr. Clancy closed the door.
“I remember you. You are Seika. You live down by the low hills, do you not?”
“Yes sir,” Seika replied.
“You were just a boy the last I spoke to you. Here, please take a seat if you are tired. It is a long walk from where you have come.”
Seika was surprised. He had no idea Mr. Clancy would remember him as it had been perhaps twenty summers since their last encounter. He had been playing with Chimol down by the crossroads when Mr. Clancy happened by. He was the embodiment of adventure for all the boys of the Chrystum. He was ‘the traveler’, the only one by which news of the outside ever reached their lands.
Seika hadn’t realized how tired he was from the long walk. He looked over to the fire. Beside it sat a common oak chair and a rather large rocker made from a wood he could not put a name to. Strange he thought; that grain looks so familiar. He took a seat in the smaller of the two and let out a long, low sigh. Mr. Clancy took his place in the rocker.
Now, Mr. Clancy was not a large fellow as Sheimas go, but he was obviously a little wider than most. Not that he was fat, by no means. He seemed fit as a fiddle, not the tired old crackpot most considered him to be. He was graying on his temples but the remarkable thing was he still had a full crop of red hair. Oh, there were a few streaks of white, just a few, though. I guess he does look a little crazy, Seika thought.
Mr. Clancy studied Seika carefully as the fire warmed the distance between them. Seika was staring into the flames, not watching, just staring. For the first time in several turns his mind was blank. He was startled when Mr. Clancy spoke.
“What can I do for you Seika?”
“I have been troubled of late sir.” Seika settled deep into the chair and continued. “A few months ago I was down in the Dream Valley and I happened across a man. He is the first I have ever encountered. I actually forgot about him until last night. And now...”
“And now you have heard rumors of men-folk in the Chrystum.”
“Yes sir. But how did you know?” Seika was taken aback. How could this old hermit have known of this?
“Yes, I know of the rumors, and of you knowing of them, well, that is another matter. Why are you troubled by this news? Did it never occur to you that someday men-folk would come? I have had many dealings with men and their kind. You know of my travels I take it?”
Seika nodded politely. “Men are not like us, yet in many ways we are quite the same. I have met many over the years. Some are good and some are bad. The only strange ones are those who possess both these qualities. They are the ones you must be wary of. There are many strange creatures in the world and none are strictly good however, there are those that are purely evil. They are born of evil, for evil alone. They are the creatures of the underworld, those that have no souls. Long ago they came up from the depths of the earth and spread their multitudes across the lands. They are the cruelest of creatures for they have no love for anyone or anything. Most are servants of greater lords, yet these lords keep themselves hidden. They reside in the lower depths and spread their foul odors through their servants.”
“These are strange tidings Mr. Clancy.” Seika said with a raised brow. “What else can you tell me of men?”
“First, tell me of the rumors you have heard. I would be interested to hear how they have changed through gossip.”
Seika then proceeded to tell him of the rumors he had heard and again of his encounter in the Dream Valley. He in turn was enthralled by Mr. Clancy’s tales. He was surprised to learn Mr. Clancy still traveled though he did not wander far, at least compared to the days of his youth.
Time had slipped by quickly and darkness had fallen several turns before and though spring was afoot the night airs were still cool. The fire was beginning to die and the night airs began invading the cabin. Seika was surprised. Time had passed so quickly he had forgotten about supper. The roar in his stomach was a certain reminder. 
“I’m glad we had this talk, Seika. I’m sorry to see this night end. It is seldom I have the chance to recount my old adventures to anyone. I hope they didn’t bore you.” Clancy was a wise old fellow. He knew Seika was anything but bored.
“Oh my no! I have often wondered of your travels. I wish I could have heard them sooner. I am glad I came. I would like to visit you again and talk, if you would not mind.”
“I would be most grateful. And please, bring that nosy friend of yours, Chimol. As a matter of fact, I have someone I would like you to meet. He will be here, three days hence. He has been on a long journey and word has come to me of his impending arrival. Can you visit again in three nights?”
“Certainly,” Seika exclaimed as he nearly jumped out of his seat.
“And please, come a bit earlier if you may; we could have supper before his arrival. Nothing like a fine meal to work up a good conversation.”
Now, Sheimas are partial to big suppers and they like to make large productions of their evening meals. He thanked Mr. Clancy and took his leave. He was already excited about his next visit and took little notice of the long walk home.

*    *    *

Seika’s next two days passed agonizingly slow. The beautiful night past would be the last for some time. The nurturing rains of spring bathed the surrounding fields making them sloppy and with little else to do, Seika waited. He had left word for Chimol to meet him in the early morning but hadn’t said why. Chimol would be there he was sure and not telling him why was a good joke. Besides, he didn’t think Chimol would mind once he found the reason they were meeting.
Seika was sitting staring out his window. His friend would be here soon. Now it was his turn to again be anxious. Perhaps Chimol was turning this around on him, making him wait. He saw movement and looked hard straining to see through the mists covering the fields. Nothing. It seemed his little waiting game had turned against him.
He heard a familiar whistle coming from across the path, a shrill tune that carried across the fields. At that instant the sun broke through the haze of the last two days and Seika could see him clearly as he strolled through the wet fields. It was going to be a beautiful day after all. He couldn’t hold back his excitement and burst through the door barreling down the wet, muddy fields toward his old friend.
They spent the next several turns telling and retelling stories. Seika did most of the talking, recounting the stories he’d heard from Mr. Clancy. The sun was climbing higher and it was now time to leave. The walk would take most of the day now that the ground was wet and muddy. They decided to stay to the roads as much as possible. Even though Sheimas were mostly farmers, mud, and a lot of it, was not something they were very fond of. The sun would begin to dry things up but it wouldn’t do much by the time they arrived at Mr. Clancy’s home. That would take days.
Their journey didn’t take long. They were so excited they had set a quicker pace than expected. As they reached the crossroads the sun had started its downward leg and shadows were beginning to stretch. The evening would be cool and supper would hopefully be a good one. They reached the top of the hill and were promptly greeted at the door and ushered inside.
The room was the same as before except for two extra chairs nestled around the fireplace. One of the chairs was the same size as the one Seika had sat in; the other was quite a bit larger and seemed much more solidly built. It appeared to be of the same strange wood from which Mr. Clancy’s chair was fashioned. For some reason he still didn’t recognize the grain.
“Good evening Mr. Clancy”.
“And a very fine evening it is, my young Mr. Seika. And this must be your friend Chimol.”
“Yes indeed. It is very good to meet you Mr. Clancy. Seika has told me much about his visit.”
“Come and sit. It is starting to cool down this evening and you have had a long walk. You must be tired, and maybe just a little hungry?” Mr. Clancy smiled warmly. “Supper is a few minutes off and I promise you a fine feast for your troubles.”
“Please believe me, it has been no trouble and supper would be just splendid,” Chimol replied.
Clancy bid them to sit by the fire as he quickly went about setting the table. Dinner was cooking in a separate fire to the left of the main hearth. It was not the habit of their kind to have a separate cooking fire, it was just something Mr. Clancy had picked up in his travels and he kind of liked it that way. The smell of the meal was unmistakable. There was fresh meat and the aroma of the vegetables and potatoes mixed with the delicate herbs and spices was almost more than they could stand.
“Please come join me”. Chimol was amused. He was not in the habit of hearing himself addressed in that manner. He didn’t think of himself as very young anymore. It was just one of Mr. Clancy’s peculiarities he would discover throughout the night. He was not offended and after all, it was time to eat.
The table was set with simple plates and utensils as was their custom; everything in its proper place. They took their seats with Mr. Clancy at the head of the small, square table. There was a fourth place set but no food was served on those plates. Seika sat across from the empty chair.
“Is there to be another guest, Mr. Clancy?”
“Yes Chimol, I’m expecting an old friend. I’m surprised he has not arrived by now. He is usually very prompt.”
“I hope nothing has happened to him.”
“I would not count on that. He is quite a capable fellow and indeed a man who can take care of himself.”
Chimol’s eyebrows shot up. He could hardly control his excitement. A man! He would actually have the chance to meet a man! This would indeed be a night to remember.
The room was lit only from the fires in their respective hearths. The light from the main fireplace filled the room with a warm, peaceful glow. Supper was on the table and the cooking fire was beginning to wane. The embers were reduced to a small amber glow like eyes peering out from the darkness of the charred wood. The soft light from the main hearth seemed to grow just enough to make up for its dwindling brother.
They began their feast in earnest, the food as good as any Seika could remember. The meat was soft and tender and pulled easily from the charred carcass. It was covered with a spicy sauce neither had ever tasted. The vegetables were crisp and fresh, but they too were different. They were dipped in a tangy, clear oil filled with specks of all colors. Seika thought his mouth would explode. He wondered with this style of cooking why Mr. Clancy was not as big as a house. He knew he would be. This was wonderful! He looked up at Chimol. It was a good thing conversation was light; Chimol was shoving food in his mouth so fast he could barely chew. His friend had always been a voracious eater but this was a new sight to behold.
“Mr. Clancy, I have never eaten anything like this before,” Seika sputtered trying not to spit any food as he spoke.
“I hope that is good.”
“It is indeed. The meat and vegetables come alive in your mouth. Where did you learn to cook? This is all very new to me, this style.”
“I was taught by the men-folk of the north. They have very different ways. It well may be that is one reason they are so much larger than we Sheimas. Every one of them eats as much as your friend Chimol there. And they do that more than once each day.”
That drew a laugh from Seika. Chimol looked up having been oblivious to the conversation. His only concern was the food on his plate. He had never seen anyone eat more than Chimol, at least not in one sitting.
Mr. Clancy told them of his lessons in the art of cooking. They used hearths made of special bricks to cook their meals. It was thought that simmering beneath these bricks brought out a special flavor and using these hearths for anything else would ruin them. They had lush gardens that grew special plants during the short summers of the north. These plants were dried and crushed and used to flavor many of the meats, stews and soups. Seika had never been much of a cook, but he knew when he returned home he had something else to practice.
Supper was finished and all three sat back in their chairs, breathing deeply. The meal had been a good one! At Mr. Clancy’s suggestion they moved to the main fireplace and took their seats. Chimol suddenly remembered why they had come as supper had taken his mind from all else. He was now content to listen to stories. He could hardly wait. There was a sudden knock at the door and they looked up, away from the fire.
“Please stay seated, that is surely my other guest.”
Seika and Chimol became nervous. They knew who, or what, was coming, and that they should have no fear of him but it was hard to put behind them the stories of their youth. Surely nothing would happen here in Mr. Clancy’s home. After all, this was supposed to be his friend. Was it nervousness or was it excitement they now felt?
         Mr. Clancy walked quickly to the door and without hesitation, opened it. Seika’s eyes widened as a large figure bent slightly and moved through the doorway. Seika could not see him clearly as he had turned slightly away toward Mr. Clancy. He was tall, very tall. He seemed like a tree, for that was about the only living thing Seika had ever seen that was as large. He felt small and sank into his chair. The stranger and Mr. Clancy talked for only a few moments but it seemed an eternity to Seika. His heart was pounding. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Chimol rise, but not advance.
Mr. Clancy came first passing under the arm of his giant friend. Seika and Chimol held a collective breath. This man was huge! He seemed more a great beast. No hat covered his long reddish-brown hair, thick and curly as it fell to his shoulders. He was wrapped in a thick cape that swung easily and flowed as he walked into the room. It was long and hung down to the lower parts of his legs giving way to soft-colored boots that were of a strange, plush material. Seika shifted his gaze upward and met his eyes. They were dark and deep and he immediately felt as though he had nothing to fear. He didn’t know why but a sudden calm settled over him. This ‘man’ was a friend.
“My young friends, I would like you to meet an old companion of mine. This is Dwylar. He is from far in the north where the men-folk dwell. I can guess your thoughts but I assure you, you have nothing to fear. Dwylar is a good man. He is also the source of the sightings of men-folk in the Chrystum.”
“I am Seika of the South Hills near the Dream Valley.” Although he had been seated, Seika rose and was the first to come to Dwylar. Without thinking he stretched out his hand as is the way of the Sheimas and suddenly realized that men-folk may not have the same custom. To his surprise, Dwylar also reached out his arm but instead of taking his hand Seika found his wrist surrounded by a large, powerful hand. He returned the gesture quickly, clasping the man’s wrist.
“It is a pleasure to meet you Seika. Clancy has told me much of you.”
“That is strange sir, for I have only known Mr. Clancy for a few days.”
“That may be but Clancy knows much more about you than you may realize.”
“And I am Chimol of the Middle Valley.”
“I am very pleased to meet you as well, Mr. Chimol. I understand you and Seika are the best of friends.”
“Come, let us sit by the fire. I am sure Dwylar needs to take the chill from himself and is most surely tired.”
“That I am Clancy, that I am.”  
They moved to the fireplace, Chimol, Seika and Mr. Clancy returning to their original seats while Dwylar sat in the large, heavily built chair with the strange wood. The fire was warm with a soft glow as they all settled in.



The eye sees not what wing and feather spy
Chapter Two
Discoveries

They were chatting among themselves about their meal when Dwylar rose, removed his cloak and hung it off to the side in the corner. Chimol watched and was again amazed. Dwylar had a big chest and broad shoulders as large an individual as he had ever seen. He was impressive. Seika noticed his boots went higher than he expected, up to just below his knees. They looked quite comfortable, with thick soles that seemed to have a spring to them.
"That is quite a coat you have, Mr. Dwylar."
"Thank you Seika. Please, I am not in the custom of being addressed as ‘Mr.’ My name is Dwylar. I am of the Northern Kingdom."
"If that is what you prefer. But if I may ask a question; the Northern Kingdom of where?"
"The Northern Kingdom of Ostergaul."
"Ostergaul? I have never heard of that place. Is it a large kingdom?"
"The whole of Ostergaul itself is a large and expansive tract of lands. I am from the Northern Kingdom. In the past, it was the strongest of four kingdoms. Long, long ago they were a united and powerful force. They gave laws to men when there was chaos after the great wars. The ‘Kings of the Cane’ have ruled Ostergaul in a long unbroken line going back over fifty generations. The Sovereign of the Northern Kingdom is the rightful ruler of all of Ostergaul."
The night was turning colder and to keep the warmth of the cabin, Seika and Chimol were sent outside to the woodpile. The Chrystum was a heavily wooded land and the Sheimas were careful stewards of their resources. Although they were farmers by trade, they were also skilled woodsmen and the large tracts of forest throughout the Chrystum were the primary source of cooking and heating fuel. Mr. Clancy's woodpile was around the back of the cottage.
"What do you think of this man, Chimol?"
"He is not at all what I had imagined. He is bigger than I ever would have thought, and far calmer than I heard men-folk could be."
"For once, I agree with you. And did you notice his eyes? They are alive with a fire I have never seen. He is polite but there is a strangeness about him. There is something that is yet to come out.
Their conversation flew back and forth between the supper they had eaten and the stranger they had just met. To this point, they had no idea of how Dwylar and Mr. Clancy had met and decided to would work the conversation toward that end. This could involve a long, drawn out story, but the prospect of listening to Mr. Clancy's tales and Dwylar’s intriguing nature was well worth the price. They trudged on to the woodpile and lifted the cover. Even through the winter and the wet spring, the wood was dry and well suited for burning. The smell of dried wood was familiar and comforting as they uncovered the pile. It would make a splendid fire. They took only a few minutes to load their arms and return to the warm hearth and wonderful stories they had left behind.
The night was calm, which was rare as this time of year the weather in the Chrystum was usually fairly violent. Storms often raged throughout the valleys giving life again to the lands. From high above they heard the call of a large night bird as it passed overhead. It was not a song either recognized. They thought nothing further of it and as they entered the cabin Dwylar had moved to the window and was looking toward the sky.
"It is just a night bird," Seika mentioned.
"It is more than that," Dwylar answered. "It is a call from the north, a beckoning homeward. There is a rush in the night airs. Not of the wind but a stirring of souls. The time of decision is at hand and all that remains is the final counting of those who shall commit."
Seika and Chimol looked at each other, puzzled by Dwylar’s words. Mr. Clancy seemed unconcerned. He remained in his chair next to the hearth looking to the young Sheimas.
"Bring the wood here by the fire, my good fellows. The flame is beginning to die and we have a long night ahead of us."
They deposited their load next to the hearth and took their seats. Dwylar was listening to the sounds of the night long since fallen and he hung his head in silence. The room was quiet for a few moments, the young Sheimas unsure as to what was happening. Dwylar raised his head, his long hair falling back against his shoulders. Clancy seemed to sense Dwylar's troubles, but said nothing. Dwylar turned standing tall as a mountain, unbowed by the weight of countless years. He walked slowly back to the large chair made of the strange wood and sat down.
"The time to return has come, Clancy. The long awaited song has come down from the north. I shall leave, two days hence."
"How can you be sure Dwylar? The wait these many years may not be over. The call could be that of a stray. Remember, long ago those that left and spread their wings over other lands. Surely you have seen them in your travels."
"Many have I seen on the roads and in the night sky, Clancy. I have heard their calls and their songs and I have seen them soar over the lands and through skies far from their distant homeland. I recognize their talk. They have told me of events far off, tidings from the snow-lands. This is not the random chatter of birds. The time has come. That is the call of the snow-hawk. I will not bother you to remember that which you know so well. The call is sure and true. I may not resist the call of my king. The bird of the king has summoned me. I must return."
"The bird of the king?" An uneasy quiet settled over the room as Seika and Chimol waited for someone to say something. Anything.
"Yes Seika. Dwylar has heard the call of the snow-hawk. If that is true, he must return to the Kingdom of Snow."
"You speak of strange things and of strange places, Mr. Clancy. I have never heard of either of these things. Where is this kingdom, and what of this bird?"
"It may be time they know Clancy." Dwylar looked hard at the younger Sheimas. Their eyes widened under his gaze. "My journey will be long and perilous. I am prepared to travel alone if need be."
"Travel to where Dwylar?"
"That would be the answer to your first question, Seika."
"You are confusing me Dwylar. Now you speak of two kingdoms. Do you not know where your journey will take you? I think you are confused, that maybe you have inhaled the night airs too deeply and have a bug up your nose."
There was an instant roar throughout the room as Dwylar began laughing in a thunderous way. It was immediately infectious. It carried on for several minutes before finally subsiding. Mr. Clancy rose and moved toward the hearth, stooped and threw another log on the fire.
"I am most thankful to you, Seika. It had been long since I have laughed with enough gusto to bring a tear to my eye." As he spoke, Dwylar reached up wiped away a drop as it rolled down his cheek.
"I may have something to keep the mood festive a while longer. Now Dwylar, it has surely been some time since you have partaken,” he said with a slight grin. “Please remember its effects on you."
"Oh yes, my good Clancy, I do remember. You have hoarded those spirits for a long time, indeed."
Clancy rose from his chair and walked across the room toward a small cupboard high above the cutting board. He pulled over a small stump of a log and jumped on top. Seika and Chimol looked at each other and then to Dwylar. Clancy opened the cupboard and took out a leather-wrapped package and climbed back down. He turned and looked directly at the others.
"Now my friends, this is not something to be careless with. It is strong and has aged many years. Dwylar, will you do the opening?"
"I would be honored, Clancy."
Dwylar took the package and slid the leather wrapping down exposing a long, dark bottle as Chimol leaned in for a better look. Dwylar twisted the top with his strong hands, slowly working the stopper at the end. The sudden `pop' so startled Chimol he jumped back and toppled over landing in Seika's lap. Dwylar again burst into a hearty laugh.
"My word! What is that?" Chimol cried.
"It is a drink that we men-folk call spirits. It is very mild tasting, but in large amounts it will cause you to take leave of your senses. Many a strong man has been hobbled by this and you will need to be wary."
"Yes indeed, I shall be careful," exclaimed Seika. "I would not want to end up in the hearth as Chimol almost did."
Dwylar poured a glass for each and then one for himself. He looked briefly at them and in one sudden motion, drained it. He let his head fall forward as he let out a long, slow sigh. He seemed most content.
"Very good Clancy. I would advise the two of you not to drink it that way. It would certainly turn your faces most red." He poured himself another. "To your health, gentle folk." Dwylar raised his glass again and took a healthy drink. Seika and Chimol looked at each other and then into their cups.
"Do not be afraid." Clancy took a sip letting it slide slowly down his throat then casually rolled the cup between his hands.
Chimol lifted the glass to his nose and took a sniff. Satisfied this was not some strange wizard's brew, he took a sip. His eyes lit like fire and with sudden approval, took a drink. Seika sat still with his glass in his hand, watching.
"You seem unbowed, Chimol. I would believe it to be safe, not that I have the stomach for some of the things you seem to enjoy." Seika lifted his cup and took a full swallow letting it slide down his throat. "This is indeed a fine drink."
They were pleased with their experience and questioned Dwylar at length. He told them of its origins in the north and some of its history, at least as much as he knew. Although he was not in the habit of brewing, he told them of how the berries were picked, just the ripe ones, and how they were squeezed to bring forth the juice, and crushed in some instances. Then, as best as he could remember, the fruit was stirred and what it was mixed with. It was then cured over time in large, wooden barrels. The barrels themselves were of a special type of wood to help develop the flavor. At the proper time, the barrels were tapped and the brew sampled. If at that time it was satisfactory, it was bottled and stored for use, mainly at festive gatherings.
The Sheimas followed the tale with great interest. Mr. Clancy could add little to the verse; he was just happy to sit back and drink it.
"Now is the time we must turn our tales to more serious talk." Mr. Clancy looked directly at Seika and Chimol. "Dwylar has not come all this way just to drink spirits with three little Sheimas. And if it is true he has heard the song of the snow-hawk, his new journey must begin in earnest."
"Yes. Tell us of the snow-hawk, Dwylar. What special bird is this and how do you know of its song?" Seika was now intently curious.
"The snow-hawk is the bird of the north and of my king. It dwells in the northern reaches of the Ice Mountains and is at the command of the ruler of the northern realm. There is one particular bird in each generation that is singled out to be the king's messenger. It is given the power to understand and has itself command of a legion of snow-hawks."
"And who gives this bird this understanding?" Chimol asked as he looked at Dwylar with a raised brow.
"The hawk is given this power by one of the learned Men of the Realm. Sometimes these men are referred to as wizards. These wizards many generations ago swore obedience to the king. I do not know why. The tale has been lost uncounted years ago. I believe they may owe a debt to the king's line from a time during the Great War below us in the Great Southern Wastelands."
"Does this hawk sing to all men," Seika asked?
"No. It speaks only to the Searcher. No others may understand its message."
"But it has spoken to you. Are you this Searcher?"
"I am."
"Kingdoms of snow, Northern Kingdoms, birds that speak; this is all very confusing." Seika scratched his head looking thoroughly puzzled. "Tell me of the two kingdoms of the north."
"There are not two kingdoms, Seika. The Northern Kingdom and the Kingdom of Snow are one in the same. It is sometimes called the Snow Kingdom for in the winter far up north, the lands are covered with a thick blanket of snow and ice. The ground and water are frozen for long periods of time, and when the water freezes on the trees, it is indeed a sight to behold. The trees become as white specters, ghosts of the landscape and are said to be filled with the eyes of long dead Searchers. Their spirits return to the north and keep a constant vigil for the return of their quest."
"And tell me, what do you search for?"
Dwylar leaned back into his massive chair and looked squarely at Clancy. He leaned forward again, but did not reply.
"He searches for a crystal."
Seika looked at Mr. Clancy, surprised to hear him speak. Perhaps he had become too intent in listening to Dwylar or perhaps he was still astonished that he was actually talking to a man. In his mind he had blotted everyone else in the room out of existence.
“A crystal you say. What type of crystal might that be? I have heard of such things. They are a clear rock, are they not?"
"In their raw form yes, however not all crystals are the same. The one I search for is a very special one. It is not a simple rock as you might imagine."
"Please do not be offended," Chimol interrupted. "I do not think Seika meant to belittle your search."
"Thank you though I understand his meaning clear enough. I believe he does not think I search for an ordinary rock. He himself searches to understand."
Clancy was quick to realize the mood in the room had changed. The topics were strange to both his young guests and he did not want them to become polite adversaries. They were both intelligent but as with most Sheimas they were not experienced with the ways of outsiders. He grabbed the bottle and refilled the glasses all around. That seemed to ease the tension as both Seika and Chimol were looking forward to another taste.
"Tell us then," Seika asked, "what is special about this crystal?"
"It is a symbol. If you remember, I referred to the line of my king."
"You did, the Kings of the Cane you said," Chimol answered proudly.
"That is correct. The cane is the symbol of the line of the kings."
"Are they feeble that they need to walk with a cane? I would think mighty kings would need no such prop."
"No, Chimol," Clancy chuckled. "They are very strong men. The cane is not a crutch, it is a staff."
"It is a staff fashioned untold ages ago from one of the oldest trees known in my lands. It was given to King Estenar long before the Great War. He was the first king of the line, and under his rule united the lands of the men-folk, as you call us. It has been the symbol of my lands and peoples since."
"And what of this crystal?" Seika asked. "What connection does it have to the kings?"
"The crystal is the head of the staff. Long ago it was separated from the cane and the time has come to return it to its rightful place. The time of defense of our lands is at hand."
"Does it have a name, this crystal?"
"It is the ‘Crystal Point’," Dwylar answered, his tone hushed and reverent.
The night was passing quickly. Seika and Chimol had become engrossed in Dwylar’s tales and had no intent of leaving. For his part, Dwylar knew he had but two days remaining to fulfill his quest or return in shame and offer what services he may to his king. Clancy had long thought about what he would do if this time ever came. Should he stay in the peace of the Chrystum, a time that may not be long, or travel the roads once again with his friend? He knew his answer would come in the course of the next two sunrises.
Seika and Chimol looked at each other again and had the same thought. Could this be the place, or was it just coincidence? Seika looked up to Dwylar and offered up his thoughts.
"Sir, I am unsure of many things of which you speak, but I feel I must tell you of a place at the far end of the Dream Valley that has a name similar to that which you seek. I am not schooled in the ways of men nor of other lands, but these things may not be pure chance. At the northern boundary of the wastelands there is a place known as the ‘Chrystum Point’. For what reason, I do not know."
"You may not be as unschooled as you believe, Seika. I learned of the name not long ago. The Chrystum Point is what has brought me here. I was returning to Clancy's home the day you spied me. I was sure Clancy would be an accurate source of knowledge."
"Do you believe this is the location of the crystal," Chimol asked?
"If my insights to the history of the crystal are correct, it may well be why the land bears this name, and the Chrystum Point is the location I seek. There I will travel and successful or no, leave for the northern lands in two days."
"If the crystal is so valuable, why is it here?"
"The crystal is more than just valuable Seika," Clancy replied. "The crystal has power untold when in connection with the cane. It is said in legend that the king of the north placed the crystal at the southern end of his realm after the Great War as a warning to the invaders from the south to proceed no further lest they suffer defeat under that power once again."
"Why do the men-folk not know where it lies?"
"It has been so long ago, Chimol. The crystal lies here in legend only, and that is if we read it correctly. No living thing, man or creature is sure where it rests."
"You search for it, you know where it is, yet you do not. That is a strange claim."
"I do indeed search for it, yet I may only guess at its location. These are the facts as I know them."
"Have you been long in your quest?"
"Indeed I have, my good Seika. It has taken my entire life and that of many of my fathers."
"What has brought the search to bear, and why then must it end after all these years?"
Dwylar could feel the weariness in his bones as he answered.
"Throughout the many years, memories fade and become lost. Such is the reason for my search. No living being remembers its place. Just as surely, the enemies of the south, those creatures and folk below the Great Southern Wastelands have let the passing of time dim their memories of the Great War. To them those tales are now only legends, myths now not to be believed. Thus, there is nothing to stand in their way. The peoples of the north are mighty, yet may not have the strength to repel such evil again. Those that dwell in the south are evil of being and evil of soul. They are the most vile of creatures that live upon the soil. Legend says they will rise again to invade the north and shall be led by three lords of the underworld. These lords shall have no equal among men and will vanquish them from the lands. They will suffer untold hardships and cruelties. The time of their gathering is at hand. They have sent forth mouths to give their terms to my king and those kings of the other realms. Long have the kingdoms been in disarray and are not the force they once were. The only hope lies in the recovery of the crystal and the uniting of the kingdoms. If I am not successful, I fear all hope is lost."
"We will take you to our place."
Seika was astonished. He looked quickly at Chimol. How could he say such a thing? He is impatient yes, but he had never known him to be so bold. Seika found himself gripping the arms of his chair tightly, his palms sweating. He eased his grip and slowly relaxed his frame.
"I would not ask for such guidance if time were not so short, but my time has come and I must accept that which is offered. My travels have been long and often lonely. The company will be most welcome."
"Then it is settled. We shall leave at first light. It will be good to again be on the road even if only for a short time."
"I will welcome your company again Clancy. It has been a long time.”

They retired late which made the sunrise seem to come that much earlier. The sky was fair and the morning airs were crisp and cool. It would be a fine day to travel, even if it was only to be a short walk. Short that is if you are used to the journeys of a lifetime. Mr. Clancy was the first to rise. Dwylar next, Clancy’s movement having shaken him from a light sleep. He was eager for the day to begin. Seika and Chimol were another matter entirely. Neither was accustomed to the late hours nor did they imagine what effect the spirits would have on them and they were slow to wake.
"Morning has come again young ones. Please do not sleep the day away. There is much to be done."
"My dear Clancy,” Dwylar chuckled, “I do not think they look quite as young as they did last night. I do believe there may be one aspect of spirits you neglected to mention".
"Why yes, I do believe you are correct, Dwylar.  I did not tell them of ‘red-eye’."
"And what may I ask, is red-eye?" Seika croaked.
"It is that hideous feeling you have presently. If memory serves, your head is pounding like the thump of a mallet against a hollow log, your mouth is as dry as wasteland sands, and if you look at one-another's eyes, you will find they are most red."
"Oooohhh..."
"Good morning, my good Chimol. Breakfast will be on the table shortly."
"I do not believe I am quite up to it this morning."
"Nonsense,” Clancy admonished. “We have a long hike ahead and an empty belly means empty legs. The fog in your head will pass shortly.  There is a bucket of cold water outside. Stick your head in it and the haze will pass much sooner." Mr. Clancy looked fondly at Chimol. Though it had been many years, he remembered his first encounter with spirits. He had felt as Chimol looked. He turned slowly with a thin smile across his lips.
"Stick my head in what?"
"Do as I say and be quick about it. Breakfast is ready and we have not the time to wait."
Chimol raised himself slowly, well, sort of swayed actually. He lumbered toward the door and was quickly outside. Seika rose as well but made his way to the small wooden table and sat down, his head resting on his arms. Chimol returned and sat down, his head dripping wet. Clancy placed a towel around his shoulders and he quickly dried his hair. Breakfast was served promptly and Seika and Chimol soon forgot their affliction and made quick work of the food before them. Though it was not as elaborate as dinner it was as good as any they could remember. Clancy and Dwylar also had their fill and conversation was kept to a minimum.
"We can wash those later, Mr. Clancy," Chimol said.
"No, no, Chimol. Things must be finished in their proper time. Breakfast is finished which means platters must be cleaned. When that is done, we will be off on our walk."
The table was soon cleared and everything returned to good order. Seika noticed Mr. Clancy was meticulous in his ways. Everything had its place and nothing was overlooked. With that settled they gathered the few items they had with them and set out. Other than his cloak, Mr. Clancy took only a small pouch.
Though they had already eaten it was still quite early and the sun was just breaking the eastern hills. It would be a fine day for a walk. They set out with Mr. Clancy and Chimol in front with Dwylar and Seika just a few steps behind. The ground had dried from the rains of the early week and the morning airs were crisp. They should have little trouble and would make good time.
"Which way shall we take this morning, Mr. Clancy?"
"We may take the straight south route if you like. It is the shortest as you know, unless you prefer another.
"Let us take the shortest," Dwylar said. "My time is waning and I must make haste. This is a beautiful land and at another time I would like to travel its length fully at my leisure, but time is not my ally."
"As you bid Dwylar, and we will not delay you. Come, my good friends, our journey awaits."

Chapter Three
The Dream Valley

The sun cleared the low hills just moments before and cast a warming light into the Chrystum as they started off along the southern road. They walked quickly as those who know their destination usually do. Seika thought Dwylar seemed impatient. His long legs meant long strides that often caught the heels of those ahead. He would apologize for his clumsiness and again shorten his stride. It was more than just his long legs; Seika soon realized this pace did not suite him. They talked casually among themselves on various topics, nothing more than idle chitchat.
Seika scanned their surroundings. There was no movement of any kind. It was early yet, and though most of his folk were farmers and quite used to rising early, no one was about. This delighted him thoroughly as he had never seen the lands around him so quiet and peaceful. Though he lived out away from others and knew solitude well, he had never been in the heart of the Chrystum and seen it empty. He looked to his right and saw a light come through a low window. Folks were beginning to stir; someone looked out for a brief moment and then withdrew. It was so peaceful.
They had been on the march for a half turn. Mr. Clancy and Chimol were engaged in various tales concerning Mr. Clancy's travels and Chimol was thoroughly enjoying himself. Never before had he been able to speak with someone about the outside world, and he had Mr. Clancy all to himself.  Seika glanced to Dwylar whose head was bent as he carefully chose his steps so not to step on those in front. Dwylar still seemed impatient.
"Dwylar, I have a question if you don't mind."
"By all means, my friend."
"You are the Searcher, correct?"
"Yes, I am the Searcher."
"How is it that you have drawn this burden? Were you chosen by your king or did you volunteer?"
"It is not quite as simple a story as that. The quest was not of my choosing, though for my king I would most surely have accepted his charge. In a manner of speaking, this burden, and my life have been chosen for me."
"You had no say?"
"I may have refused the quest, yet to do so would bring shame upon myself and my kin. Banishment would be my punishment. Though my life been chosen for me and I have labored long and hard, I would again undertake the search with high spirits."
"How may someone choose a life for another? Are not all men free to choose for themselves in your lands, or must they bow to a greater will?"
"You misunderstand, Seika. The great laws of our lands speak of freedom for men and other folk. When the freedom to choose is taken from men their spirit is also taken, and when that is lost, all hope for the future is stripped away."
"But you have not chosen your lot. How is it that you may be the only one whose destiny is not your own?"
"My destiny is most surely my own. It is what I make of it and that lot may not be chosen for any man. Only my task has been chosen for me. It has been passed down through the generations of my ancestors. After the great wars in the south the men and their kind withdrew to the north and all the surrounding lands. They took these lands as their own and from their wisdom the laws of freedom have been brought forth. The tales down the years lay the path before my feet."
"Your path is chosen through a lost tale?"
"In a way yes, though that tale is not completely lost. It is reborn in every generation of my kindred. At the time of the great crossing of my folk from the Southern Wastelands it is said they came upon a valley of great beauty and majesty. The trees were as giants, great soldiers like those in the battles from which they had returned. With the memories still fresh in their minds of the great horror of war, it was decided a reminder of their victories should be left upon this land, one that no creature from the south should pass it lest they fear to suffer at our hands once again. It was decided the Crystal Point would stand as the sentinel of men, and if need be, recovered and used again in defense of our lands and those in our charge. It was long before written records of our peoples had been charted and thus it was passed only through word of mouth. My forefather Dalamar was the first to suggest this course. King Mirris, a direct descendant of Estenar with the guidance of the Council of Wizards conceded the point and chose a resting place for the crystal. With the knowledge it may at one time be needed again, Dalamar was charged that he or his kindred should at time of need return to the `Resting Place' and return the crystal to the king. That charge has come down through my line these many years. The crystal is once again in need and I am the chosen one of my lineage. This is my charge since time uncounted."
Seika was amazed. Never in his life had he heard a tale such as this nor could he have imagined or even dreamed of such a story. They suddenly realized their pace had slowed to a near crawl. Mr. Clancy and Chimol were far ahead, Chimol most likely engrossed in Mr. Clancy’s stories. Seika stopped and just stared blankly at Dwylar for a moment. Could he possibly believe this story, this tale from someone he had just met? And a man at that! 
"Are you two coming or are you just going to stand there and waste the rest of this beautiful day?" Mr. Clancy and Chimol started retracing their steps. "You look pale Seika. Are you not feeling well? Could it be that the spirits from last night are catching up to you?"
"I am quite well Mr. Clancy. Let us be off."
At that they picked up their pace, the scenery again passing quickly as the morning sun began its march across the high sky. Mr. Clancy and Chimol were once more out in front chatting between themselves. Seika realized things were somehow different. He looked to Dwylar who had fallen silent, his eyes again watching his steps. This was indeed a curious fellow. Never before had he met anyone like him, not that he was a man-folk, there was something else. He seemed a paradox. He could be open and trusting, but at the same time there was an air of solitude that seemed to surround him. Could he believe such a story? That was the question he would have to face.
The sun was climbing quickly as they had trudged on for nearly another full turn. Folk were beginning to bustle about and heads were turning toward the stranger. This made Dwylar uneasy. He was not accustomed to large groups; a man of solitude he was concerned with too many eyes knowing of his presence. Those who did not know or understand through no fault or malice could cause him the most harm.
"I believe it would be best if we were to take our path from the main road." Clancy looked around for a suitable option.
"We would do well to keep from sight. My unannounced passage through your land may well unsettle more than folks in your realm. Let us move through those areas where eyes are few and tongues are tight." It was as if Clancy had read Dwylar's mind and he was thankful for it. He could not know what troubles he may bring. All the same, he meant to be cautious. Danger he would not bring to this land by his own choice.
They moved off the main dirt road into the low brush ringing the surrounding fields. The dried brush was waste deep to Dwylar, slightly higher to the Sheimas, about mid-chest.  It was easy to move through, sparse and coarse and brittle from the winter months. They crossed a low, rolling field which was muddied from the rain and entered a wooded ravine to their right. From there they would take a path south, away from the population.
They were beyond the brush and into a soggy field within minutes. Chimol had been caught by a thorn and was digging into his skin. He was glad to leave the brush for even in those few minutes he began to sneeze.
"Are you quite all right, Chimol?"
"Yes, Mr. Clancy. These weeds cause me such problems in the spring, even dried as they are. I am glad to be free of them."
Dwylar stooped and grabbed a handful of those same weeds quickly pulling them up roots and all. He paid no attention to the inquisitive looks and tucked them into a pouch sewn inside his cloak.
"Will you be grabbing a clump of every plant we pass Dwylar? If so, I do not believe your pockets will be large enough," Seika chuckled.
"There are only certain plants and roots I will gather.  This one has certain healing properties."
Seika seemed surprised and said no more. A farmer by trade he saw no use for that particular crop, nothing more than an annoying weed, he thought. But strangers have different ways and men-folk, as he had come to see, had the strangest of all. He moved ahead to join Chimol.
They began their trek across the soggy field with Mr. Clancy and Seika at the lead. Unfortunately it was quite muddied and passage was slow. Most of the area was saturated from the spring rains that had come in the past few days. They cut across the field to the southeast, a route that would bring them to a lightly traveled path.
It took almost a full turn to reach the edge of the field, the going much tougher than they had expected. Seika and Chimol had both fallen, Chimol more than once, and both were quite disgusted with the mud clinging to their clothing. Clancy soon found the dirt path and they moved into the woods away from prying eyes. They were relieved as the path was fairly dry, at least compared to the field. Clancy led the way as they walked only for a few minutes before coming upon a small, sunlit glade. The younger Sheimas were beginning to look a bit tired.
"I think we will stop here for a short time. It will give the two of you time to scrape some of the mud from your clothing." Clancy motioned to Dwylar and the two of them wandered to the far side of the clearing. Dwylar returned within minutes.
"The two of you should hang your shirts on those low branches. With the warming of the airs and the high sun they should start to dry within a turn." The Searcher returned to Clancy across the glade and disappeared into the trees. Seika and Chimol had done as they were bid and were left huddled against each other to shake off the chill. They were a little embarrassed but tried not to let it weaken their pride. The morning airs were not as warm as they had thought. The long walk made them work up a sweat and the sudden lack of movement caused them to cool down quickly. They chatted between themselves for a time until Seika rose to his feet and looked around.
"Going away so soon, my friend?" Seika turned to the voice behind him. "If you gather your clothing you will find the mud may be shaken off and they will be much dryer. Once you have finished, we must be off. Time is growing short and we have a long journey ahead."
The sun had been up for several turns but had not fully taken the cool mists from the depths of the woods. Their clothes were still damp and would likely remain that way most of the day. Even so, they were ready within minutes and glad to regain their clothing although they were not fully free of the mud.
"How shall we proceed from here Mr. Clancy?”
“We shall follow this path into the Middle Valley keeping from the main road. If all goes well we will cross to the Southern Hills and make our way to Seika's home for a short rest and a meal." Seika nodded in agreement and the company started off.
The path they chose was long and winding and through some of the thickest wooded areas of the Chrystum. With the noonday sun now high above wispy clouds, the footpath was drying and the walk was becoming easier as they crossed the Middle Valley into the upper reaches of the Southern Hills.
"I think we should rest a short time, just briefly mind you. The hills are higher here in my valley and the rest will do us good. It will then be just a short journey to my cabin."
"As you say Seika," Dwylar replied, "this is your land and we will do as you bid."
The Sheimas sat upon a patch of dry green grass, the first good green of the spring. Dwylar was hesitant and remained standing. Staying in one place too long was generally not to his liking.
"I believe I shall scout around a bit. This is pleasant country. I shall not be far." Dwylar turned and was quickly out of sight. Seika looked up as he bounded across the small clearing. After many hours of traveling Dwylar seemed just as fresh as he did this morning.
"It may be he wants only to pull a few weeds."
"Think nothing of it Seika. Dwylar has been a traveler for many a year, as you have come to know. I am afraid we poor Sheimas are quite the plodders in comparison.” Just then they heard a cry from above and they looked to the sky. Mr. Clancy smiled and the others were in awe. It was the largest hawk they could have imagined and it was heading south.
"Will he be gone long Mr. Clancy?"
"I think not, Chimol. Dwylar is quite the man of his word. He will not be long, far maybe, but not long."
It was perhaps a quarter turn when Dwylar returned. His pace was quick as he bounded over the edge of the mound where they were seated.
"I hope your legs are rested fellows, we will need to make good use of them."
"Why in such a hurry?"
"Things are not always as they seem, Clancy. My journey has been short but most enlightening. I am not the only stranger in the Chrystum. Black creatures are about in the Dream Valley. Of their numbers I am not sure, but they are there."
"Are you sure of this? I have heard no such news."
"As you left we spied a large hawk," Chimol said. "Was it he that gave you this news?"
"In a manner of speaking,” Dwylar replied. “They are here and we must avoid them. It is best we leave this place."
"You mean travel toward them," Chimol asked?
"If the legends of the crystal are true, I must travel further south. If it leads me to a handful of the black creatures or an army I shall not be deterred. Of this I will say I may not coerce any member of this party to journey into danger with me. My quest is my own and I will force it upon no living being."
"It goes without saying I shall not abandon you my friend. It takes more than a handful of black creatures to ward me off."
"Thank you Clancy."
Seika and Chimol turned and stared at each other. Time was immaterial. Seconds dragged by as they peered into each other’s souls. It was as if Mr. Clancy and Dwylar were not there. They had never before been forced to make such a crucial decision. The most difficult choice they had ever made was what crop to plant. Dizzying thoughts of men-folk, black creatures, and crystals raced through their minds. Their lives had always been so simple. Seika suddenly realized Dwylar and Mr. Clancy were staring intently at them.
"I will not ask for your company on this journey. You know of my quest and my plight. Men-folk are strange to you I know. We have strange ways. There could be danger for us all. Any decision you make must come from your hearts. I will not ask."
"I will follow you..."
"As will I..."
"...to The Dream Valley at least, Dwylar. Past that I will not say at this time."
"Thank you Seika, and you also Chimol. Past that I can ask no more.” Dwylar looked to his old friend with a genuine smile. “You have chosen well Clancy."
They agreed to stick to their original plan and travel to Seika's home. From there they would make plans for their journey into the lower valley. The black creatures were a new threat they were unprepared to deal with. Their only advantage would be their secrecy. They had stayed too long on this small hill and time was now too precious to waste. 
Chimol knew the mood had changed. The pace was faster and they kept to the narrow path. Dwylar kept a constant vigil ahead,often peering deep into the sides of the forest, sometimes disappearing for several minutes at a time. Mr. Clancy seemed generally undisturbed by the whole affair. He had most likely lived through many such as this, nothing new to him it seemed. Chimol had never walked at this pace over these hills before and was pleased with himself at keeping up. It took another three turns to reach the road below Seika's home, then just another five minutes to the door. They slipped inside and were out of sight.
Their spirits lifted and the younger Sheimas felt they were in a safe place. Dwylar and Mr. Clancy were not as troubled. Seika busied himself setting a late afternoon meal though it would not be the feast they had enjoyed the previous night. Dwylar and Mr. Clancy huddled together in the corner talking softly. Seika thought not to intrude as their conversations obviously were not meant for him. He took less than a half turn in his efforts before all were seated.
"Please do not be disappointed. I am not the chef you are, Mr. Clancy."
"Do not apologize, Seika. Most have it in them when called upon. This is a fine meal. Anything else would be too heavy. One does not travel well when overstuffed."
The meal was indeed a good one. Though conversation was light they did not dwell on the events of the day. There would be plenty of time for that. There were many new things to consider now with tales of black creatures wandering through the Chrystum. 
"I may not want to know, Dwylar, but what are black creatures?"
"My good Chimol, it is best that you know that which you may have to face. They are creatures born far below the Great Southern Wastelands. They are an evil that festers upon the lands, destroying and consuming all in their path. They are users and destroyers. Most folk have in their possession some quality or redeeming value that validates their existence. Those qualities may not readily be forthcoming, yet they are there. These black creatures contain only malice and hatred. They are of all shapes and sizes, but mutants mostly, grotesque and misshapen by their masters. The term black creatures however mostly refers to the hatred within their hearts for other living beings.”
"Who rules them?" Seika asked.
"No one truly rules them,” Dwylar replied. “They are a loose collection of tribes that have banded together for mutual gain. They serve only the dark lords of this world."
"We must make plans for the next step of our journey. We do not know what we may face. We must choose our path through the valley carefully. If black creatures are in the Dream Valley, they may be elsewhere. At this point, we do not know. If Dwylar's quest is to be fulfilled we must make every effort to see that our presence is fully concealed."
"Dwylar I am troubled for you. You seek that which lies only in legend. You do not even know where it is. How can you be so sure?"
"You must realize Seika, many legends and stories come down through the generations from articles based on fact. I have searched many a land during my quest. I am sure the Crystal Point lies in this valley."
"When we reach the lower valley, where will we look?" Seika asked.
Dwylar looked over their heads his eyes a glaze and spoke;

What wind and fortune dare to speak
The summit spires twin thy mantle watch
Upon the altar man’s sire seeks.

Crimson hues with watchful eye
Lights crystal prism cut for thee
Barrier force drives shades of wanton lust
Heaven’s fire glistens for all to see.

A place of dream where paths do cease
Of life nor death nor winter’s touch alone
Summer’s sun on chambers endless green
On fields singing only summer’s tone.

Palisades of time their visions dim
Of Searchers quest an ageless father’s line
For kings of ice and rock must falter
A blaze of fire does for thee shine.

"What tale do you tell us, Dwylar?"
"This is a part of the lore of the crystal. I believe it tells of the resting place where the king had chosen to place his warning. The Dream Valley may be the final leg of my quest, for if I fail here I must return to the Northern Kingdom and there face banishment for my failure. His judgment shall decide my fate in the coming war."
From there they laid their plans to travel to the southern reaches of the Dream Valley. Seika knew the lands well for he had been there many times. No one in the Chrystum knew the valley as well for even though it was a place of great beauty, it was virtually uninhabited. They made their plans quickly and were soon ready to leave. Seika gathered a few things they might need and placed them in a pouch with a long, leather strap. This he slung over his shoulder and the four were out the door as the sun began its march into the evening sky.
Their pace was quicker than it had been in the morning and it was Mr. Clancy who grew impatient. The terrain here would be rougher than in the middle valley. They were crossing the South Hills north of the Dream Valley on its northern border. The South Hills were a series of low, rolling hills that extended from the feet of the Sirris Mountains to the east. The Dream Valley was guarded on the western side by the formidable Choale Mountains.
Seika took the lead. He knew this land far better than any living soul. He had sensed Dwylar's impatience; the news of these black creatures had surely disturbed him. They did not know how far they had penetrated into the valley and therefore they must also be invisible. That would not be easy as the South Hills were largely free of the forests that covered most of the Chrystum. There was little vegetation to use as cover so Seika used the hills themselves, snaking through the troughs of the land. He knew he would have to make his best speed; he had no desire to let down his new friend.
Although they followed a winding path they made good time. They traveled nearly a full turn and soon came to the opening of the lower Chrystum. There, their eyes beheld the valley in all its splendor. Large thick trees held back the surrounding mountain ranges and seemed to reach up to the pristine sky. With the onset of spring to the north, the valley held a lush, never-fading greenery still fresh from a dawn of centuries.
"This it must be, the land of summer,” Dwylar exclaimed. “There could be no place like it in all the world. Here is the land of my quest."
They walked down the last low hill and into the valley proper. Dwylar was ever conscious of prying eyes and asked Seika to break just inside the tree line. The Dream Valley was expansive, several miles wide in the middle of the bowl before gradually tapering off to a narrow tract as it turned and reached west toward the sea.
"We must make every effort in the next two days to ensure our presence remains a secret. You know this land best Seika. Our travel must be quick and the shortest route you may conjure. My time is ending."
"I shall not let your quest end due to my failings, my friend. I plotted our course as we made our way through the South Hills. We are on the northeast edge of this valley. Our most direct route would be to cut straight through the heart of the basin and turn into the far, southwestern end. However, this would leave us open to any and all eyes that would have us."
"Which way will you lead us? It shall be your decision."
"I believe our best course would be to cross the northern rim of the basin and make our way through the forests that stand at the feet of the Choale Mountains. They run the entire length of the valley. From there, Dwylar must choose his own direction, that which he believes will take him to the crystal’s resting place."
"My thoughts on this are as yet, incomplete. I must see more of this land before I make my final judgment. This route you have chosen I deem wise; it is quick and will afford us a good lay of the land."
"Then this it will be," Clancy said. "We will need to cross the mouth of the valley into the shadows of the Choale before nightfall. There we will spend the night. Today has been a long journey."
They began their trek with the sun falling sharply into the western sky. The wind was calm but the temperatures had begun to fall. They kept together so not to lose one another in the gathering darkness. One advantage they would keep was that black creatures were a noisy folk. They generally cared little who knew they were about.
The crossing of the South Hills took several turns. They moved rapidly as there was still sufficient light and the hills were open with little to conceal them. They made the woodlands after the sun had hidden behind the western ridge. The trees here were tall and thick with heavy growth far below the canopy. Travel would be much slower as they would be forced to pick their way along muddied trails and heavy underbrush. The beauty of this valley meant those who chose to travel here walked openly. The forests were traveled little, if at all.
They moved inward picking their way slowly until they came to a small clearing where they settled down for the night. In this wilderness the night was as dark as a bottomless well. Any light could signal their presence so they camped without a fire. They had walked far this day; it was not a strain on Dwylar as his travels had taken him on journeys far greater than this. To the Sheimas however, this was quite a new experience.
Dwylar took the first watch so the Sheimas could rest. The danger from the black creatures would grow the farther south they traveled. He fought the urge to scout his surroundings. He needed to locate the camps of those foul things. These Sheimas were a kind folk and they needed his protection. They had guided him this far and though he could have gotten here without them, he was in their debt.
His part of the watch was quiet. Clancy had asked to be awakened next. Seika and Chimol would take their turns afterward under Dwylar’s dutiful instruction and for all, the night proceeded without incident.
The next day came quickly. Seika had the last watch and woke the others as he had been instructed. Dwylar for his part never fell into a deep sleep. He had kept his eyes on the others, except for Clancy. For his first turn at watch, Chimol jumped at nearly every sound. As Seika roused the others and the night ended, Dwylar was quite satisfied as to their fitness.
The sun came softly over the eastern mountains as the company stirred and made ready. Breakfast was the first order of business. They had brought minimal supplies, just enough to get by for a few days. Chimol had a small pack as well and brought forth a cooking pan. They scurried around for fresh fruits to accompany the dried meats they had brought; the cooking pan being unneeded was quickly packed away. Breakfast was by no means fancy yet gave each the energy to start the day. The campsite was cleaned and returned to order before Dwylar permitted them to leave. No one would know of their passage.
The day would be one of calm breezes and warm skies. They traveled in a line and picked their way through the woods. On occasion, Dwylar would stop and make his way to the foothills or the edge of the timberline to look for signs of other folk. The first such excursion proved quiet and he quickly returned. The fourth was another matter all together.
"Dwylar has been gone much too long this time, Mr. Clancy."
"You may be right Seika. He may have encountered those we seek to avoid."
"We must go after him!"
"By no means Chimol. That would only cause more harm, if harm has indeed befallen him. That man is skilled beyond all in the wild. Indeed, many an animal could learn from him. He knows we are here, so this is where we will stay. To venture after him could only cause us to be separated for a longer period. He will be fine by himself." With those words, Dwylar appeared from the trees.
"What has happened Dwylar? You had us quite on edge."
“Black creatures are to the southeast, perhaps a league off. We must alter our path slightly to avoid them."
"Black creatures in the Chrystum! It is unheard of!"
"I saw them in my dreams last night, though I was unsure when we would contact them."
"Why Clancy, I did not know you were a seer. You should have told me of this."
"It is not just Mr. Clancy, Dwylar. If you had slept a wink last night you may have seem them for yourself." Seika cast a sharp eye at Dwylar who tried to avoid his stare. He had thought he had been quite clever in feigning his sleep. "I saw nothing in my dreams, Mr. Clancy."
"Nor I," Chimol said.
"I do not understand. You folks have the gift of foresight? This is news to me old friend."
"Only in this place Dwylar. Why do you think it is called the Dream Valley? When you lay at night you may see events which could come to pass. Since you did not sleep I do not know if it will work with men-folk."
"You are a most observant fellow Seika. You know I did not sleep last night?"
"I have been in the wild many times, maybe not under these circumstances, but I am always aware of my place."
"You are indeed a sharp fellow," Dwylar replied.
"Men-folk are not the only ones who have secrets, Dwylar. You more than any other should know this. You say they are a league off?"
"Yes Clancy. I believe our best hope would be to veer toward the mountains but stay under cover of the trees. We would be well to keep to the high ground, yet we must be careful not to trap ourselves against the rocks."
"There should be little risk of that," Seika said. "I have been here many times. The foothills of these mountains are not too difficult and should provide us with any cover we need. The Choale, though dangerous will not throw its weight against us for perhaps another league."
Seika led the way. They steered to the foothills staying always abreast of the treeline. They marched on for several turns until the sun had climbed to midday. They traveled as quickly as they could manage for the woods had grown thick and cumbersome. Though the sun had climbed high, Dwylar still wore his cloak. The others did not and they suffered for it. When at last they chose to stop, all save Dwylar had been thoroughly scratched and bruised.
They stopped by a small stream that fed into the Orange River where they sat on the bank to cool their feet and wash their wounds. The Sheimas were tired and sore. Dwylar was unbowed, far more used to the strains of travel and chose to stand watch. No telling where the foul things were to be.  He walked off behind them losing himself in the dense foliage and was quickly out of sight.
They again heard the call come from above. Mr. Clancy looked up and smiled.
"Look, Chimol, a snow-hawk."
"It is indeed a thing of great beauty. Does Dwylar know of its presence?"
"I believe that is a certainty, my young friend."
Clancy suddenly fell back, his feet splashing water high in the air. Seika turned around to laugh, the first time he felt his spirits lift the entire day.
"Mr. Clancy, have you been..."
Seika instantly grabbed for Clancy and began dragging him back into the woods. He reacted before his mind had a chance to catch up. He had to think, what was happening here? Chimol, just as quickly, made a mad dash back under cover. Seika pulled Mr. Clancy under some brush and rolled him over. A black arrow stood straight up from his left shoulder, covered in blood, the shaft broken in the middle. Chimol crawled over, pulling the loose brush tighter around them.
"Are you all right? What is happening? Is Mr. Clancy hurt?"
"He has taken an arrow. I do not know how bad it is yet."
"It is not as bad as it seems Seika. It hurts, but we must move quickly. Get me to my feet. We must find cover, now!"
Seika and Chimol pulled Mr. Clancy to his feet. They each threw an arm around him and dragged him off. They stumbled through the heavy brush just a few yards.
"We will make better time if I have less help. My shoulder has the arrow, not my legs."
They could hear several voices yelling behind them but could not make out the words. It pushed them on harder. Whoever was there was close behind. Too close! They ran as best they could through the thick brush toward the hills hoping they could find a hole to hide in.
Seika pointed the way. He had been in this area before and was sure, almost sure, he knew exactly where he was. They reached the hills within a half turn and raced through a deep trough. It cut them off even from the light of the high sun. A ridge to the north barred them from that direction. The mountains lay ahead and the hills to the south were too shallow to afford them any real cover.
"To the right just ahead," Seika called.
"There is no place to hide there, just a high wall of rock,” Chimol yelled.
“There, just below that ledge is a small cave,” Seika replied. “It is not deep but will give us cover until we decide our next course."
The walk was difficult as they stumbled over the rocks while trying to keep Mr. Clancy upright. Seika kept looking behind. Still, there was nothing. They reached the ledge within a half turn though it seemed more like ten turns. It felt as if all the eyes in the valley were on them as they climbed. At last they reached a large boulder under the ledge, ducked behind it and into a small cave.
Seika knew they were out there, he could see in his mind's eye a score of the foul beasts swarming up the rocks toward them. No! He must stay out of sight. He turned his attention to Mr. Clancy as he wished Dwylar were here.
"How do you feel, Mr. Clancy?"
"Not so well, Seika. I know I have lost some blood.  Right now I need to rest."
"Let me see your wound. I must do something."
"Dwylar! We must find Dwylar!"
"No Chimol. We must stay out of sight."
"Believe me. A few black creatures are no match for Dwylar," Clancy said.
"Be still Mr. Clancy. You must rest. You said it yourself."
Seika pulled back the bloodied shirt and looked at Clancy's wounded shoulder. The arrow had wrenched a huge hole in his flesh. The climbing and stumbling had driven the arrow deeper and broken the shaft completely. Blood was still running fresh and Clancy's entire side was soaked turning his garment dark red.
"You must remove this cursed thing Seika. I do not wish to spend another turn with this in me."
"I have never done this before Mr. Clancy. Not on a person anyway. A deer is another matter."
"I will tell you what you must know. The arrow is deep but you must not pull it out. You must drive it fully through my shoulder lest the point remain in. Dwylar has told me at length of these creatures. The points are jagged but will come off if the shaft is pulled away."
"I do not wish to hurt you further."
"Thank you, but I am injured quite badly enough already. There is little you could do now to worsen the situation. Besides, the arrow is almost fully through."
"Chimol look outside first. This is not the time to be caught off guard. We have enough problems."
Chimol made his way to the opening and peered around the edge to study the slopes. There was nothing around but the sunlight glistening off the rock-face.
"There is a small knife in my pouch. You will need a fire to heat the blade, and something to bandage the wound."
Seika looked around. There were some scraps of wood at the back of the cave which he gathered into a pile. From his bag he took a lump of coal and some flint and quickly had a small fire driving away the shadows and the dampness. He was careful not to let too much smoke build; that could give away their hiding place. He returned to Mr. Clancy and crouched over him, his sweat caused by the fire and his nervousness rolling down his brow. Chimol held the knife over the fire waiting until he was called.
Seika stared at Mr. Clancy. He was ready. He carefully propped him up against the side of the rock walls. Mr. Clancy nodded, and Seika pushed as hard as he could. Clancy grimaced but made little sound. Seika was surprised. He reached behind and pulled the shaft through then threw it across the cave. Chimol took the hot blade as Seika held his patient and placed the crimson steel against the back of the shoulder, reheated the knife and did the same to the front. The second scorching of the wound was easier; Mr. Clancy had passed out. Seika had stored an extra shirt in his bag which he ripped into long strips, clotted a few into the shoulder and wrapped the rest around as a bandage.
"What should we do now Seika?"
"I will stand watch. You try to get some rest for now. If you are hungry, there are some dried meats in my bag. Keep an eye on him; he should not roll in his sleep. It could loosen the bandage and start the bleeding again." Seika went to the opening and sat down, his gaze washing across the rocky landscape below. Chimol propped himself up next to Mr. Clancy and hung his head in silence.
Some time had passed, though Chimol did not know how long as Seika was gently rocking him from his sleep. He lifted his head and rubbed his eyes.
"What is it? What's wrong?"
"Someone or something is coming through the path. Hurry!"
They crawled to the front of the cave careful not to let themselves be seen and lay in the dirt peering down the slope. They saw nothing but could feel a presence. They strained forward searching the terrain closely. Chimol grabbed Seika's arm and pointed.
"Movement, there," he whispered!
Seika looked closely. He saw it, moving slowly, looking down as if he had lost something. They were frozen at the edge of the cave, never before having had their lives threatened, too afraid to move. But move they must. The shadow crept forward, inching ever so steadily up the same path they had taken. Then it stopped, and looked up.
"Clancy!" came the call.
"Dwylar! Here!"
Chimol jumped skyward nearly throwing himself down the face of the rocks. Seika called again as he rose. They both scrambled down the cliff-face toward their friend. Dwylar moved swiftly toward them the three meeting in a collision as the two Sheimas jumped knocking Dwylar off his feet. They yelled and hugged and rolled all over the ground until Dwylar at last regained his footing.
"Are the two of you all right? Where is Clancy?"
Seika quickly sobered up. In his lust at seeing Dwylar he had forgotten Mr. Clancy. There was dreadful news to be told.
"Mr. Clancy has taken an arrow. He is up in the cave asleep."
"Take me to him, quickly. There may be other dangers."
They were at the mouth of the cave in minutes. Dwylar went in first, followed by Seika. Chimol stayed at the entrance to stand watch. Dwylar looked down at his old friend, a tear soon rolling down his cheek. He stooped low and pulled back the cloak that covered the wound. His eyes went wide. He stared at the bandage as a snarl came across his face, almost as if he had taken the arrow himself.
"Did you treat the wound?"
"Yes," Seika answered. "I did the best I could. I have never done anything like this before and I had no medicines."
"It looks as fine a treatment as I have ever seen. You have done well, my friend."
Dwylar reached out to his old friend, then hesitated. He lay his hand against Clancy's cheek and spoke softly. There was no reply. Dwylar stroked his hair and called to him again. There was movement. Clancy lifted his eyes but said nothing.
"How do you feel, old friend?"
"As if I have fallen from a tree on my head."
"Seika has done a remarkable patching on your old bones. Now you need rest. Sleep, we will talk some when you are awake."
Clancy again fell into a deep sleep. Dwylar and Seika moved to the front of the cave to join Chimol. They stood there for some time in silence.
"I never meant for harm to come to any of you fine folk," Dwylar said as he let his head fall forward.
"You did not force us to come, Dwylar."
"There are things of this world which you do not know Seika. There are many dangers that could still confront us, most of which I have not told you."
"Again Dwylar, you did not force any of us to accompany you on this journey. We have come of our own free will. These dangers we face, we face together."
"Do not commit so soon, Seika," Dwylar answered.
"I have not committed to anything beyond this leg of our journey. I have yet to decide on the matter beyond that point."
Dwylar noticed for the first time Seika's tone was quite firm toward him. He may be a fellow harder of spirit than he had imagined. It may be something he could use.
Twilight grew steadily upon the land as the shadows stretch away from their hiding place. They could not travel with Clancy in this condition. It was decided supper would be their next order of business. Chimol stayed with Mr. Clancy while the others scoured the nearby hills and streams for food. The dried meats in Seika's pack would be saved for later. Seika returned to the cave as the last of the sun's light dropped below the Choale mountains with Dwylar only minutes behind. Dwylar warned Seika of the night habits of the black creatures and to be quick with his errand. Chimol had a fire suitable for cooking upon their return with his treasured pan perched above the burning kindling.
The pan was filled with the gifts of the valley including fruits, berries and nuts then mixed delicately with dried spices and soon the airs of the small cave were alive with flavor. Perhaps it was just coincidence or could it have been the aroma with which they had surrounded themselves that stirred Clancy from his dreams.
"Hello gentlemen. And what time of day would it be? Is that supper in the wind? The fruits of this valley I remember well."
“How do you feel, old friend?" Dwylar asked as he eased over to Clancy's side.
"As if I have had an entire vat of spirits to myself."
"I am glad the arrow has not dimmed your eyes. I do not believe it was a death tip."
"In any case, I am hungry and I smell supper."
Dwylar and Chimol gently propped Clancy up against the wall and brought him something to eat. Their supper seemed meager and it lasted only minutes, but when it ended their gnawing emptiness had left them. The sun had finished its march to the west and lay softly down behind the mountains. Darkness grew quickly upon the land and the veil of shadow wrapped them within their cave.
They talked for some time before they knew they would have to sleep. Dwylar knew this was a time to be very cautious. The black creatures knew there were travelers in the valley and one had been injured. This would make matters worse if they were forced to travel quickly.
Clancy asked each of their accounts of the day's events. Seika and Chimol recounted their escape to the hills, Mr. Clancy nodding at certain points along the way. Dwylar then told of his forays. He had left them by the stream to scout the lay of the land. It was a habit he had learned in the early days of his travels. He had journeyed a quarter turn when he spied a dozen of the creatures rumbling across a field at the edge of the treeline. As was their custom they were ravaging everything in their path. A scouting party, he thought. He was suddenly surprised by something he had never encountered, a black creature quietly stalking the woodlands. He was jumped from behind, but one black foe was not his match and one would not be missed. These creatures were not those that kept close. His belongings would be divided up among the others if he didn’t return. He tracked them as they looped around a small path quietly killing a few more as they went back south. He took some of their weapons; they could be of use in the days to come. He let them rage southward cutting his course west to the foothills, then turned back north. With his companions having left the stream and seeing evidence of a struggle he tracked them to the rocks before losing the trail. That was when he called out.
It was clear that Clancy was tiring and needed sleep but Dwylar wanted to take a closer look at the wound. He carefully opened the cloak and removed the bandage. At first look, he grimaced but after examining it closely he took a wad of the roots from his pouch he had gathered along the way, mixed it into a paste with the remaining juices from supper and troweled it into the wound, front and back. After carefully replacing the bandage he wrapped Clancy in his cloak and laid him down near the fire to sleep. They took turns standing watch through the night with Dwylar allowing himself to fall fast asleep.
Shortly before dawn Dwylar roused himself from his second sleep of the night. He had taken the middle watch and since he had little sleep the night before he welcomed the precious slumber. He moved first to see if Clancy was still asleep. That was a good sign. He walked silently to the cave opening, stretched his frame reaching high into the air then slumped and seated himself beside Chimol. The sun had not yet crested the eastern peaks but showed only a hollow orange light to streak the gray-black skies.
"It shall be a good day, my friend. There is a freshness in the airs, a welcome bloom to these tired lungs."
"I tend to believe you,” Chimol replied. “You seem uncommonly schooled in these matters."
"It is not as much learned as felt. It is a feeling from all that surrounds you. It is on the winds and in the living things of the forest, the plants and the animals and all the things that surround them."
"We should leave soon. We cannot waste too much of today’s light. We will need to travel slower with Clancy’s condition. I would not relish dealing with those black creatures again. I shall start breakfast and...
"No, Chimol. You had the last watch. I will gather the wood and start the meal." Dwylar rose and was quickly out of sight as he slid down into the blackness of the ravine. Chimol sat down again at the opening to continue his vigil.
Dwylar returned quickly with enough food for all. Chimol held his watch as Dwylar prepared breakfast, the smells of which gently stirred the others from their sleep. Seika rose and stretched, stiff from the activities of the previous day. Clancy awoke but stayed seated, adjusting himself against the hard rock. Dwylar then turned his full attention to his friend.
"How are you feeling this morning, Clancy?"
"A little stiff in the limbs mind you, however my empty stomach feels quite normal."
"Yes, that is the Clancy I remember. Come, let me help you to stand. I want to see how you feel on your feet." Dwylar reached down and gently placed his arms around Clancy's waist and slowly lifted him to his feet. Clancy was hesitant but let go, swaying slightly. Dwylar reached out with his powerful arms, but Clancy put up his hand.
"I am fine, Dwylar. Please just help me over to breakfast. I am quite hungry."
Dwylar chuckled. This little fellow, he thought, could always raise his spirits even at the darkest hour. They all joined in a spirited conversation again recounting the events of the previous day. Seika smoothed a patch on the dirt floor and with a small stick sketched a map of the area and the shortest route to the southern reaches of the valley. Clancy was now fully alert and suggested possible alternatives. Each path was discussed, the good and the bad and all had a say in the matter.
"You folk have been very helpful in our journey to this point. I again remind you, this is not a quest to which you have been bound. You may return to your land with no shame brought upon yourselves, if that be your desire."
"You are wrong, Dwylar," Seika said. "We are bound by word given to you till we reach the southern end of the valley. This pledge I shall not break."
"Nor I."
"Clancy is wounded. He is as strong as any Sheima, but he should be cared for. It may not be possible to tend his wounds properly."
"I am fine Dwylar. I will speak for my own. Onward will I travel by your side."
"All the more reason to continue for me. Mr. Clancy needs attention.  And there is still another reason."
"And what might that be Seika?"
"This quest of yours has been brought to my lands and injury has now come to one of our own. And now these creatures, a plague, vile and evil have infested the Chrystum. I shall not turn away."
"And you Chimol?"
"I shall stand, or fall, with Seika."
"Then we will journey forth together, all four. I thank you. There are no finer than the Sheimas who dwell upon the face of this world. Clancy, I believe it is time they know my whole truth."
"As you see fit, my friend," he replied as he looked over to his young companions.
Dwylar stood and moved to the entrance of the cave waving for them to follow. Seika and Chimol looked at each other curiously. The sun was now cresting the lower hills of the Dream Valley and the sky brightened as a red-orange light burst across the valley slamming its warmth against the rock face. There, Dwylar stood at the brink of the rock's edge, the gentle morning breeze splashed upon his face, his arms spread open, reaching toward the heavens. Then, he was gone.
"He has fallen," Chimol roared! Seika and Chimol turned ghost white as they raced to the edge of the opening. They had been only steps away, but those steps seemed as miles. Before they could even look down a large, indistinguishable shape shot up past their eyes and they fell back.
"What was that?"
"It is Dwylar. He has not fallen." Clancy then made his way to the opening. "Look there, up high. It is Dwylar, the snow-hawk, the Searcher, Captain of the Guardians of the Crystal of the Kingdom of Ostergaul." Clancy looked at them as they lay sprawled on the dirt floor of the tiny cave. "Do you not understand? He is more than just a man; he is also a hawk. He can take this shape at will, the greatest of wing to ever soar the skies of the world."
They were astonished! They looked at Mr. Clancy and then at each other and then again to the southern sky. He was the largest winged creature they had ever seen! Even at this distance, as the great snow-hawk circled the lands below, they fought to understand as they silently watched him draw out of sight. They walked back into the cave, hushed.
A full turn passed as Seika lost all track of time immersed in his own thoughts. There were new things to consider; things both strange and true. And the most frightening of all, could the strange tales of the men-folk and their ways be true? Had they been lied to? What were they really heading after? What of all this talk of powerful crystals and men changing shape and flying off to who knows where through the skies?
Seika lifted his eyes as Mr. Clancy rose and walked to the edge of the cliff face. A soft breeze washed through the cave stirring the damp air, the embers from the dying fire swirling and filling the void. He too rose and joined Mr. Clancy at what now seemed the edge of the world.
"Look there."
Seika peered into the southern sky shielding his eyes with his hand. Through the wash of light he could see a speck far in the distance growing steadily larger until it loomed above the entrance then fell sharply toward them. Seika bolted. He was overcome as the blood pounded in his temples and his skin was flush with sweat. At the back of the cave he found himself trapped, his back up against the hard rock, his arms spread as the two figures now stood at the opening of the cave. He could see their outlines, only solid shapes of black silhouetted against the light sky. Their forms took substance as they neared and were exposed by the light of the ebbing fire. Dwylar stepped forward but Clancy stayed him. 
"What troubles you, lad?" Clancy took two steps forward, his hands locked together resting on his stomach. There was no sound save the heavy breathing of the younger Sheimas.
"What have I done that you should be frightened of me?" Dwylar moved into the light of the fire. Seika relaxed slightly but held his place against the wall.
"What manner of creature have you brought to our lands, this vile one of wing and flesh?"
Dwylar hardened and his eyes flashed but then he relaxed, his eyes again falling softly on his young companions.
"Do not fear me, my friends. I am no threat to you. Do you not remember our talk by the hearth in Clancy's home? I told you of the charge laid upon the Searcher. What you have seen is part of that charge. Each generation that undertakes this quest must pledge his undying oath to the king. It is taken with full knowledge of the change that will come. It is brought forth by the Wizards of the Realm." Dwylar stepped closer to the fire to let them see his face. He stooped and stared deeply into the burning embers. “It is clear you do not understand. This change is a momentous gift given to the Searcher that he may fulfill his quest. I have taken this charge and the quest with full knowledge that it may end with my death, unfulfilled."
"It is true what he says, Seika. I understand that which may cause you fear. It was the same with me when I first learned of it. I was afraid, and then ashamed. It was then I learned that one should not be ashamed of his fears but must deal with them and go on."
"You were afraid? You?" Chimol asked, astonished.
"Yes, I was just as terrified as you. Do not feel ashamed and do not think that all things strange are evil. There are many queer creatures that abound in this world which are good and pure. If you are uncertain, you may end your travels with us and feel no shame. If you will go forward, come and join us. There is much to do this day and a long way to go."
Seika and Chimol slowly moved away from the cave wall toward the fire. Their eyes were fixed on Dwylar, their feet spraying dust on the flames as they stumbled forward. Seika had calmed himself as he listened to Dwylar’s voice and again had his wits about him. 
"There are many things which I have never seen, that is true. I am unsure how I may be of help through your trials. I am ashamed of my fears." Seika looked down and kicked at the dirt as his cheeks went flush. "I have never faced great danger in my time and should not wish to do so. I have said great words that I would help you and I will honor those words. If I am to see the wonder of the world I must conquer my fears. I shall do as you ask as long as I can, and I ask your forgiveness."
"I will go as Seika goes, and I ask your forgiveness for I too am ashamed."
Dwylar rose and moved toward them looming larger than life over the small Sheimas. He reached down and wrapped his massive arms around them, picked them up and held them to his breast. All their remaining fears were shed in one, brief moment. For the first time the cave was filled with peace. The embers of the fire were dying as the morning sun rose toward the heavens. They had stayed here too long.


Chapter Four
The Eye of the Hawk

They laid their plans and Dwylar set about erasing all traces of their presence. He had wanted to go at first light but Clancy's wound had altered those plans. He sat Clancy down and gently opened the cloak that wrapped his shoulder. Then, very carefully taking the bandages in his hands pulled them apart where the blood had dried. Seika and Chimol looked closely. They were astonished! The wound had virtually disappeared. All they could see was a large scab and a black bruise front and back, the path the arrow had taken. They looked up at Dwylar in disbelief.
"You are also a wizard! No one else would have the power to heal such a hole in the body."
"No, Chimol. I am no wizard, but neither do I pick plant roots just to cook with. They all have their special properties. Some have great healing powers as those that I picked from the crossroads."
"Those were the weeds you picked? They are of no value to us. They have grown in this valley for all of time. We burn them before planting in the spring."
"You see the value, do you not? You saw his wound; you pushed the arrow through his skin." Dwylar turned his attention again to Clancy. "Do not let the sight of no hole fool you, my friend. The outside may be healed but the inside is still damaged, but you will travel easier and faster."
"You do not have to tell me. I am the one who feels the pain."
Dwylar wrapped the shoulder again with fresh strips to give it support and helped him to his feet. They started down the rocks, the sun now climbing high toward the noon sky. They needed to make the cover of the trees as quickly as possible.
They were rested as well as could be expected. Seika asked Dwylar of his flight and what he saw. He noted several camps by the fires they had set for the night. Black creatures and their kin cared little for secrecy. From the air he plotted a path directly down the center-line of the camps. They were spaced far enough apart and high enough in the hills that a small party of quiet travelers could slip through. Any other way, a detour, would force him to return to the Northern Kingdom, his quest a failure. He had one day left with which to search. The king had summoned him.
They had discussed Dwylar’s plan at length before they left the cave. It would work because it had to or his life could be forfeit for his failure. They were a full turn past the cave when they made their way into a dark wooded ravine as the surrounding mountains reared up sharply on either side. This was not the best place to avoid the black creatures as they had a preference to stay in places out of the light. But it offered them their best hope.
Even an experienced warrior could not always predict the moves of another. Dwylar could only hope he knew their habits well enough to afford them a chance of survival; maybe their only chance.
They worked through the deep woods as quiet as they were able. Clancy was holding up despite his wound. Dwylar knew his old friend was tiring with every step, but he pushed on. The Dream Valley was as fresh as spring year round giving them little worry of snapping twigs or the rustle of leaves since few things except the very old ever died in this piece of heaven. The long trench through the Choale Mountains ran deep and dark and would take them to the very end of the valley where the mountains turned west and died out as they ran toward the Great Sea.
They had travelled nearly a full turn as they struggled quietly through the woods before they were forced to stop. Clancy was getting tired. His shoulder still hurt but it was not the wound. He was quickly tiring.
"We will rest here, Clancy," Dwylar said. "This knot of trees will serve us well. The gnarled roots will hide us and act as a barrier. You should rest in the hollow trunks." Dwylar helped Clancy into the largest of the logs. He crawled inside pushing past the damp, flaking bark and was soon asleep.
"How will we go on with him in this condition?"
"The wound is healing quickly Chimol. It will only take a short while for him to get back the fullness of his strength. You will be amazed by him at the end of the day."
"If things are as bad as you say, we may not live to see the sun settle behind the hills."
"Then we will die as free men Seika. There is no life so brutal as those of folk enslaved. I would gladly end my own life rather than live under their foul lords"
"How long will we wait?"
"Not long, perhaps a turn. The healing power of the roots is best among living things, not that of rock and slate. You also should make use of this time to rest. Traveling as we are is very tiring and it will creep up on you quicker than you realize. Do not sleep however, we may need to move quickly. I will stand watch." Seika and Chimol crawled up inside a hollow tree as Dwylar moved began his vigil.
Dwylar watched as the shadows crept past his post. He watched mostly to keep time. The sun had reached its mark for the day and things fell with their shadows now from the west moving in perfect harmony. All save one. He sprang and turned with a powerful thrusting sweep from his left arm and the blackness fell to the ground in a shuddering heap. Larger than any black creature he had ever seen, Dwylar rolled the body over, face up.
"By His Majesty I pray, these tidings could not be worse." He shuddered and fell to his knees, the knife falling from his hands. He knelt there in silence. "Please let this not be the sign of things to come." He stayed there a moment looking at the figure sprawled on the ground. His head cleared quickly. He had to summon the others and ran to the large hollow that held Clancy. 
"Wake now, dear friend, the time is at hand. We must press forward. We are in grave danger. Come!"
There was no sound offered from the logs. He called again. Then at last he heard a soft stirring, then an echo.
"I am coming, Dwylar. What is our hurry?"
"Come,my friends. You must hurry or we will die here."
Dwylar wasted no time. The company was off in a sprint as quickly as Clancy cleared his hiding place. They ran on for what seemed forever. They yelled no questions to Dwylar and he offered no explanations as they plowed through the darkening woods. After nearly a full turn Dwylar stopped and gathered them together.
"Stay here and out of sight. Go down under the brush and hide. It is said Sheimas may make themselves invisible in the woods. If this is true, you must do it now."
"But what...?"
"There is no time. Do now as I say. Go!"
With that, Seika saw a sight he could never have believed. Dwylar stooped, his head to his chest, throwing his arms high into the air and leaped. He felt a great rush of air pass across his face and the dust swirled at his feet. The great snow-hawk soared skyward and was gone in the blink of an eye. He had witnessed the change of the Searcher, the most massive presence he had ever seen, a shape as magnificent as any his eyes had beheld. He stood affixed to the ground as if his feet were embedded in granite.
"Seika! Come quickly. We must do as he has bid."
"But Mr. Clancy..."
"Do not argue with me. His reasons will be clear to us when he is ready. I will trust him with my life. Come! Now!"

The sun died in the grip of the Choale Mountains. The shadows of the living had long since passed into the shadows of night and those creatures that abound through it. They waited the remainder of the day under cover with no sign of Dwylar. What could be keeping him? Could he have met his fate? Were they now in mortal danger from which they may never be able to free themselves? All these questions ran through their minds. A collective thought passed between them. It was time to move.
"We should go," Chimol said.
"If we do, Dwylar may never find us again."
"He will find us, of that you can be sure. It is not beyond the skills of the Searcher to find three poor Sheimas in the forest. If he is alive."
"If he is alive? Could it be so, Mr. Clancy?'
"It is not beyond the realm of possibility Chimol. Even the most powerful among us may meet with forces or creatures beyond their control. It is time we must protect ourselves. He will return if it is in his power to do so."
"You know far more than we in these matters, at least if the rumors that have roamed the Chrystum these many years are true. What shall we do?"
They made their plans as they stayed hidden from the world. Sheimas are as adept in the woods as no others. They had a chance, as they saw matters. They could stay no longer. It was their land, the most beautiful they had ever known and they were not safe. As they crawled from the thick brush and dusted the earth from their garments a light wind brushed across their faces.
"And where might the three of you be off to?"
The yells echoed with a fervor. The startled Sheimas leaped at their attacker. They landed hard and rolled back into the brush. The fever of survival had gripped their veins. Then, just as suddenly the battle stopped and they were warriors no more; they were rejoicers.
"I did not know three Sheimas could be so powerful. You have again surprised me."
"We are more than able to take care of ourselves when the time is at hand," Clancy said. "You have been gone a long time, Dwylar. What can you tell us?"
"Yes, and tell us why you tried to sneak up on us?"
"Sneak up?" Dwylar struggled to contain his laughter. "It is not the wise scout that enters the lair of Sheimas who have taken to hiding."
"Tell us, what have you learned?"
"And why did you leave us?"
"I did not leave you just for sport. There is a new danger, one that I would not have expected. An evil has been brought upon this land, one so vile as to make the winds themselves stop and hide among the branches of the trees. Krulgans have come down from the eastern plains."
"And just what might be a Krulgan?"
"They are vicious and powerful, a marauding band of creatures that have been at war with the Eastern Kingdom since the time of Alishar."
"What could bring them from their own realm?"
"Certainly I do not know Clancy. I may only guess, and by the kings may I be wrong."
"The Eastern Kingdom has fallen!" Clancy exclaimed.
"That is my only answer. However, they could not have achieved such a victory without help."
"From what you have told us Dwylar, that may be the reason you have heard the call from your king."
"You are insightful Seika. My lord is most certainly gathering his forces. He must fear a great assault upon his realm and can wait no longer for the crystal to be found."
"You have mentioned your king many times yet have not told us his name. If we are to fight for him, tell us who he might be."
"He is His Majesty Sheylor, forty-ninth of the line of the Kings of the Cane. This is the name you will serve if you wish to do so."
"And what is the time of Alishar?"
"Alishar is the fourteenth of the line as it is counted by the Northern Kingdom."
"Is it not counted the same throughout Ostergaul?"
"It is not Seika. The line is counted only properly in the north. The other kingdoms have split their lines and now call themselves kings. They are only caretakers of the lands which they govern. Sheylor is the one and true king of the men in the north."
"Enough of these history lessons. We must make preparations,” Clancy said as he interrupted. “We may be wrong but we must plan for the worst. It would seem our best hope is for the Searcher to fulfill his quest."
"You have rarely been wrong in all the years of our friendship, Clancy. If the Eastern Kingdom has fallen, our enemies will soon be marching on the borders of the Northern Kingdom and they will most certainly be a battle-tested army. We know not what other help they may have, but it will certainly be formidable."
"How do you know of these Krulgans?" Chimol asked.
"One sprang upon me from the shadows. He fell with a swift stroke across his throat. That is when I left."
"What should we do? I will listen to your counsel in this matter," Clancy asked.
"Our course should stay as is. There can be no other choice. I do not know what their purpose is in these lands, but we must be wary. Krulgans are more fierce than black creatures and they are larger and far stronger."
"We have had a long rest Dwylar, but what of you?"
"We will not be slowed by me Seika. Let us press on. Our time is short."
They took stock of their belongings for they could little afford to leave anything behind. They were on their own and all they had was on their backs. They moved off into the woods through the night shadows as quietly as a hushed breath.
Seika was surprised. He could not have imagined anyone moving through the evening woods with the speed and hush of the night airs. This man-folk, he was like a creature of the night. No, he was as the night itself, silent and moving, yet unseen and unheard.
The Searcher pressed forward driving himself and the others to what seemed the edge of their limits. They had now been on the move for three days in the valley and Clancy was tiring. It had been only days before that he had suffered his injury. The night was drawing to a close and the travelers were still in the grip of the night woods, a cloak of darkness concealing them while the sky's lights dimmed with the coming of the morning sun.
"It is time we rest Dwylar. Mr. Clancy and I must confess, we can go no further."
"It is well you have spoken Chimol. I am sorry, I have forgotten Clancy's wound. My mind has been on other matters. As it is we have reached the southern boundaries of the Choale. Here is the stretch where they bend and run toward the sea. We must rest before passing through"
"Then we have reached the last leg of our journey?"
"You have Chimol. Here is where your pledge ends. You have come to the southern end of the Dream Valley and here your oath of service to my quest ends. I thank you."
"Not as yet, Dwylar. We will cross this tract of mountains with you. There will Seika and Chimol decide on their own course. I myself have made mine."
"Our next course, Mr. Clancy?"
"Yes, Chimol, if you wish to continue with this quest or return to the upper valleys. This choice you must make in the coming turns."
"What have you chosen, Mr. Clancy?"
"That is my concern Seika. We have been through much together these last few days, and we will certainly face greater trials ahead. This choice you must make for yourselves with no influence on my part."
"These matters we will decide upon. You will have our answer upon crossing the mountains. Chimol and I have pledged that course."
"We will rest here until the sun crests the Sirris peaks."
"That is only a few turns away Dwylar."
"Then that is the time we will move again. I will return then."
"Return?"
"My reading of the song of the crystal forces me to be elsewhere."
"And where will that take you," Clancy asked?
"As the snow-hawk flies, Clancy. The morning shall reveal the resting place of the crystal. To such a place you may not follow."
"But we may my friend. If we are high in the mountains we could help search if we are told what to look for."
"What to look for I cannot say, for I have no idea. The tale does not tell of this only that the Searcher will know when he sees it. There is no clue I could reveal to help you."
"Nevertheless, we will go to the mountain summit if help we may."
"All I can say is, you must look to the south."
They rested a full turn and enjoyed a small meal. It was not much by Sheimas' standards, but they were happy to put something in their bellies. The sun would be up in a matter of turns and it would be time for them to begin.
They made their way through a trench and started up as this part of the range sloped gently upward at the base. They worked their way as quickly as possible staying in the hollows, only the shadows of early morning hiding them as other cover was not available.
At last their long climb came to an end as they reached the summit of the southern-most peak of the Choale Mountains. It was as high as any in this part of the range, though there were higher and more dangerous far to the north. This was but a small cone as compared to those.
"Do not stand on the ridge, my friends. You may be spotted from the lower hills as your figure would be naked against the sky."
"We will do as you ask Dwylar," Seika replied.
"It is time I must leave you. The sun is now cresting the eastern peaks and the end of my quest is near. I will return as quickly as I may. Look south for a sign of the crystal, the eye of the snow-hawk." Dwylar stepped to the edge of the ridge, dipped his head as he spread his arms and let his form fall over the edge, and at that, he was gone.  Seika looked outward as they watched the great bird soar over the lands below.
"What shall we do now, Mr. Clancy?"
"We shall do as Dwylar asked. Look south for the eye of the hawk."
"We made these back in the cave, Mr. Clancy." Chimol showed him their handiwork; three long-bladed knives made of stone, chiseled to a fine point and tied to a blunt stub of a branch. The handle was smoothed as to the grip of a hand, a place for each finger. "A fine tool for foraging, or a weapon, if need be."
"Under the circumstances Chimol, you and Seika have done well. These may indeed..."
"Look, Mr. Clancy. An outline in the grounds below though I cannot tell the shape of it."
"Where Seika?"
He pointed, showing them the shape he saw. It began just below them at the foothills on which they stood. It reached outward in two directions both southeast and southwest, then came back upon itself converging a league off. The outline was a tumble of rock and stone and ditches carved into the landscape.
"Can you tell what it is?"
Just then they heard a cry high overhead. It was the voice of the snow-hawk. They looked up and beheld the bird of the king in the morning sky.
The sun burst across the Sirris peaks and the land was lit to a brilliance none of them had ever before seen. As they looked south, a curtain of light shimmered before them. It was as if a wall had been placed between them and the wastelands obliterating them from view.
They heard a shuffling and as they turned, three black creatures in shabby armor and tattered cloaks stood before them.
"Be gone you foul creatures. This is not your realm. It is the realm of the Sheimas and of the king of the North. In the name of Sheylor I command you to leave this place!" Clancy bellowed his challenge as Seika and Chimol stood defiantly raising their crude knives as they trembled nervously.
There was a moment of silence before the black creatures began a hideous laughter. One replied in a raspy, hollow voice. "We do not know this king. We will go where we will. It is you that have come where you do not belong."
The creatures rushed forward and leaped at their prey. Chimol and Clancy were knocked down. Seika threw his weight against his attacker as he leaped driving his shoulder into its chest, knocking him to the ground and with a short, quick motion launched his dagger forward. The knife struck hard and the creature lay motionless on the ground. He had no time to think. He jumped toward those wrestling to his left and landed hard. The three rolled in the dirt and Seika pulled the creature off Clancy onto himself. He was strong and wiry. Seika was on his back with his enemy's hands around his throat. Seika raised his knees quickly and rolled backward sending the creature flying over and off. He jumped to his feet and turned, charged and threw himself against his enemy as the two fell backwards. As they landed, the black creature struck his head against a rock and was gone. Seika was stunned; he just laid there, his breath drawn and his eyes wide. He heard a voice behind him.
"It is over, Seika. They are dead. Come; get off this piece of filth. There is work to be done."
"What of the other?" Mr. Clancy bent over and helped Seika from the ground.
"He is dead. When you separated us I was knocked toward Chimol. He was no match for the both of us. There is a war to be won, my friends, and this was your first taste of battle."
"It is not a taste I have enjoyed," Seika replied.
"And I hope it is not one to be repeated soon,” Chimol responded.
"Where is Dwylar?"
"I do not know. Let us see what is below."
They made their way again to the southern edge of the small plateau. They looked out into the southern sky as their eyes fought the brilliance of the morning light. Seika saw it first.
"Look there." He pointed low to the horizon. "There, circling close over the edge of the wastelands."
"I see him too."
"I think he may have finished his quest. See there, he is coming down toward those crushed boulders." Clancy held his hand to shield his eyes from the harshness radiating from the desert sands.
"Is this some trickery by these creatures? From where does this strange light come? It is most surely evil work."
"I do not know, Chimol. This matter is surely in the realm of wizards," Clancy answered.
"There. Dwylar has landed."
"So he has Seika. We had best make for a hasty retreat. When Dwylar returns we must be ready. Clear these bodies from the open. There should be no sign of our struggle."
They checked the trail that led up the hill but there were no others about. They were safe for now. With one last look into the Wastelands,Dwylar was not to be found. Instead, there seemed a score of figures scurrying about where he had been.
"Mr. Clancy! What has happened?"
"I do not know, Chimol. Certainly things are not as we would hope for."
"Do you think they captured him?"
"No. Look at them. They seemed confused, as if they are searching for something. They seem to be sniffing as rodents in the dust. They have lost something, or, they wish to find something."
Seika suddenly realized the ease with which he could now see. They watched the creatures below searching the area as others stood over them.
"The haze is gone Mr. Clancy."
"So it is Seika, so it is. Does this tell you anything?"
"It is still beyond my skills. But it most surely has disappeared."
"Dwylar. He is coming,” Chimol exclaimed!
"Where?"
"There, low and to the west."
They saw the dark shape coming with great speed as it made its way through the mountain passes, plunging in and out of the low peaks. A large shadow passed over them and circled back then the snow-hawk landed a few feet away, and out of the dust that swirled at their feet Dwylar now stood tall before them. Seika was still amazed. It was certainly wizardry, he thought.
"What have you found, Dwylar?" Clancy asked. "We must be quick to leave this place. Tell us."
"For time that may only be measured by the generations of men, the Searcher has made this quest his life. To fail in this dark hour would be to bring shame upon my line and the deaths of those that have come before me would be meaningless. The first leg of the quest has come to pass. The Crystal Point has been found."
Silence enveloped the small plateau. Dwylar stood proud and tall, his eyes lit by a fire that dwells only in the hearts of the greatest men. Clancy moved close and wrapped his arms around his friend. 
"Then this is a time to rejoice. Your pledge has in part come to pass. I know how long you have waited for this moment but this is not the time, nor the place. The evil that has come to this land is now looking for you." Clancy stepped back and looked his old friend in the eyes. "They are waiting below; you have revealed yourself to them."
Dwylar stepped to the edge of the plateau and stayed low. The creatures below had now doubled their number swarming over the area like ants. He just looked at them. It had been so close.
"There is more, Dwylar. There among the rocks and weeds lay three dead. They came upon us as you searched the eye. More will certainly follow. We must leave this place before we are found again."
"What do you mean, Mr. Clancy? What eye?"
"If you look at the shape of the land below us Seika, you will see the outline of the head of the snow-hawk. It is the outline in the dirt we saw earlier. Since the haze has been lifted, it is evident. It has crumbled and withered over time, a fortification long abandoned and now nonexistent, only an outline remaining, but it is there. There, where those vile creatures stand is the eye, the resting place of the crystal."
"But you have it, don't you Dwylar?"
"Yes, I do."
"Can we see it?"
"This is not the time," Clancy interrupted. "We are in grave danger. We must leave. The higher the sun climbs the greater our peril."
Dwylar nodded in agreement and they left the scrub-infested plateau starting back down the path they had come, their pace faster on the descent. Halfway down they split off the trail and went east, diving into the thickest of the woods.

*    *    *

"How could you stupid slugs lose him? He was in your very claws!"
"Do not tell me of things to lose! How many of your worthless band have not returned to camps? Their filthy carcasses should be cast onto the fires and burnt to a crisp!"
The two grizzled thugs stood eye to eye as neither could afford to back down in front of his own. They were both battle-tested leaders, Krulgans from the east, but of different tribes.
"Do not threaten me with your foul stench! I stand down to no one!"
"You will stand down to me or I will rip out your worthless throat! It is you that let him get away, not me."
"Your men were here first. A single man and you could not keep him."
"He was not just a man, slug. He is a wizard. His magic is powerful. As we jumped him he flew away."
"He flew away because you are cowards."
"No one calls me a coward! Die, here in your tracks!"
Clashing swords broke the sands of the desert floor as black creatures joined the frenzy. Creatures of a kind attacked each other and the sand ran dark with their black blood. It lasted but a few minutes when the larger Krulgan kicked out the legs of the other and brought his broad sword down upon his enemy's neck ripping his head from his shoulders. The victor let out a cry that echoed across the sands, and the fighting stopped.
"You worthless scum will now take your orders from me, Ceydar of the Mardons."

*    *    *

Seika led the others down through a heavy growth of trees tangled with thick underbrush. They had never seen a thicket such as this in the whole of the valley. It was as if they were in an entirely different world. How could this be part of their valley?
"This is a strange place to me, Dwylar. I have never seen a part of the Dream Valley such as this."
"What is different about this place from any other, Seika?"
"I am surprised a traveler of your experience does not see the difference. Look at the growth. It seems old and haggard to all around. It is as death is near. I do not understand."
"I fear it is the evil that has invaded our lands."
"What evil Mr. Clancy?"
"It is the evil that has endured for all time. Until now it has never touched upon this land. Why this has been so I do not know, but it is here now."
"Is it the black creatures, or is it these Krulgans Dwylar speaks of?"
"It is all these creatures and more. They are vile and contemptible yes, but in them is all the evil that has festered in this world and upon the lands which they have raped." He could see their spirits sink at his words. It was a new and terrifying experience for them.
They continued on as the underbrush grew denser and began to change to a sickly brown. They were forced to pull their knives and hack a path through the tangled shrubs.
"This is indeed strange. I have never seen dead growth in this valley in my lifetime."
"You are right Chimol. It is as if the vines themselves are fleeing the valley."
"We must move to free ourselves," Dwylar said. “They will be looking for us and it would not do us well to be caught in this thicket."
They decided to turn south even though it would take them away from their intended direction. Their path was getting no better. The earth around them grew blacker with each step and the Sheimas' spirits began to sag further. They could not believe their beautiful lands had come to this. There seemed to be nothing but death around them; the valley of life had begun to die.
"We are not making progress, Dwylar. We will do ourselves no good if we continue, and I am getting tired."
"We will be easy prey if all our strength is used to chop dead weeds," Dwylar replied. The sun was falling fast behind the western slopes of the Choale and night would soon be on them. They decided to make their way back to the low foothills and make camp there. It had taken several turns by the time they crawled up between two large boulders, their backs against the base of a sheer, cliff wall.
"It is cold tonight. It has never been this way that I know of. Could it be they have some magic to turn the night airs?" Seika pulled his cloak tighter about himself.
"The black creatures do not have any powers other than in numbers and it is also beyond that of the Krulgans."
"What power could it be then to turn cold the night airs of this valley?"
"It is the cold of death and decay that follows where such evil roams free." Clancy looked down at the crumbled rocks beneath his feet and wrapped his cloak tight around his shoulders. "If it is a greater power than that, our mission is in grave danger indeed." He buried his back up against the rock, closed his eyes and went to sleep.
"Rest well, old friend, you will surely need your strength. There will be no fire for us this night; it would give away our hiding place, such as it is."
"What shall we do tomorrow Dwylar?"
"That is most certainly up to you and Chimol. You have ended your pledge to my quest. The crystal has been found and you are free to return to the other valleys of your lands."
"But what will you do?"
"I will make my way as best as I can back to the land of snow."
"What will become of these foul creatures roaming in our lands?"
"They will surely make their way north. It is with all the hope I can muster that they will pass your lands, but I do not think that will happen. You will have time to warn your people and make what preparations you may for its defense."
“Chimol and I have talked on this at length and we have made our decision."
"I hope it is not one that has been made in haste. Such matters should be duly thought out."
"We do not make this choice lightly," Chimol said.
"Many things have happened on our journey together, much of which has not been pleasant. We are but two small Sheimas in this world and as yet, we do not know what our futures hold. In this one way we may affect our own fates. From this day forward we shall journey forth from our homeland with the one called the Searcher and if we find his counsels wise, we will follow them. We will share your road in this quest which has woven us deep within it."
"There may yet be perils on this road that may be beyond my own scope of knowledge."
"Then we will solve these problems with our combined voices," Chimol said proudly.
"If that is your course my dear Chimol, I gladly accept your help in the journey to come."
"And what of his choice, Dwylar?" Seika looked to Mr. Clancy asleep against the rocks. "What shall be his path?"
"He has chosen his path in the long distance of years past. He knew this day may come, whether it would be in his lifetime, he did not know. But many years ago, he pledged his allegiance to my king that if this time would come, he would fulfill his oath to his death."
"Then, it is decided." Chimol rose and looked to the dark sky over the northern valleys of his lands. Such a serene and peaceful place in his youth, he thought. Could it now withstand the coming onslaught? He stood there staring as if to see the great distance they would now travel.
"This will be a rare time we must travel before the new day breaks. We will cross the mouth of the valley before the sun rises. It is the only hope we have to not be seen. They will most certainly be out roaming in the darkness, and do not forget, they see better at night. We should make our way north through the Sirris Mountains as we are able. Here your services should be of great value as you know this land so well. We must stay hidden from view."
"We are now on the western side of the valley. Why do we not cross the Choale Mountains to journey north?"
"I do not think the path along the sea is safe, Chimol. There is a feeling of evil in that direction, and with the coming of the spring rains, the marshes would be near impossible to traverse."
"We should rest now. Your day has been long Dwylar. I will take the first watch."
"Thank you Seika. Wake me when you feel the need." Dwylar strode to the boulders where Clancy was resting, slipped to the ground and was asleep within moments.
Seika walked a few paces away from the others, stooped, picked up a handful of dirt and let it slip through his fingers. He walked to the edge of the brush and sat down. It would be a good place to watch over the others.
Seika was calm for a few moments but his mind soon began to race. This was the first time in days he had a chance to just stop and think. There were so many questions starting to fill his mind. How quickly he and Chimol had been caught up in these events, events that he could never have imagined in his wildest dreams¸ dreams of men-folk and strange black creatures and folk that can change form. It was a queer world. And now the finding of this crystal. How could Mr. Clancy have gotten involved with these men-folk? He was now sure; their ways were as strange as he had always heard. Why had Mr. Clancy held such deep secrets from his past? That at least was obvious. The folk of the Chrystum would never have understood. Why was he now so sure they were doing the right thing? And what of this crystal? Why had Dwylar not shown it to any of them? Did it exist? Did he have it or was he stopped by the black creatures? He suddenly realized his head was down, his eyes staring blankly at the scorched earth. He was not doing his job. He heard footsteps, and froze!
"I believe the time has come for you to at the least, see what you have been striving for."
It was Dwylar and Chimol was with him. He relaxed and started to rise to greet them but Dwylar stayed him. They each took a place on the ground near the low brush. Dwylar was facing them as the Sheimas sat side by side. The night was now as black as it would become and there seemed no power on earth that could overcome it save the rising of the new sun. Dwylar looked hard at them, his stare penetrating, probing their thoughts through their eyes. He reached under his cloak and pulled out a black satin cloth about the size of his closed fist.
"Once you see what shall be placed before you, you will understand the importance of my quest."
"Why is that?" Chimol asked sourly, obviously skeptical.
"All I can say is what the legend tells. Those that behold the crystal shall know its true purpose if goodness reigns in their hearts and their souls are pure."
They looked down into Dwylar’s hand. His palm seemed brighter than it had been only moments ago. Dwylar stretched out his left hand covering the satin cloth, then carefully pulled back the first layer, then the next, and finally rested his hand on the last.
"What you are about to see could be one of the most powerful forces ever known to those who have roamed the face of this world." With that, he drew back the last layer.  
As they sat on the scorched earth they saw in his hand a simple stone. It was an irregular shape, slightly curved at the top with flat planes that glistened in the starlight. The bottom was carved, chiseled to a point, the sides uneven as they ran upward, more than halfway to the broadest point. Chimol looked at Seika and smiled.
"This is the..." His head turned again to the stone. It was different now, somehow, though he could not say why. Seika moved closer, his face just inches away. A brilliant light leaped out cloaking his face in a soft white glow. He remained still, not pulling away, fixed to that spot. Chimol looked closely at his friend. Seika was transfixed by the light as a true peace now emanated from his face. Then just as quickly as it had begun, the light withdrew back into the stone. Seika sat with a look of serenity across his round cheeks.
"Are you well, Seika? You look different somehow.
"He is well Chimol. He will not answer for a moment, but he is fine."
"I am indeed well, old friend. Nothing to worry about."
"What happened to him, Dwylar?"
"He is of good heart and of good soul. He has looked into the face of the Crystal of the Ages and he has seen a glimpse of its true power, the power of light over darkness." Dwylar placed the satin cloth back over the crystal and returned it to his cloak. 
"Why do you not use the crystal now to rid our lands of these vile creatures?"
"It is not the way of things Chimol. The crystal is now in hiding from its enemies. It has drawn in upon itself."
"But you are its owner. Can’t you bring out its power?"
"The crystal is not owned by us folk." Chimol looked at Seika in surprise. "The crystal is owned by no one, yet it serves. It serves those who would do good in the face of evil."
"How do you know this, Seika?"
"I do not know why Chimol, I only know it to be so."
"He knows for he has looked into the light and it has spoken to his soul. I can not explain why," Dwylar said, "I only know it is the way of things."
Dwylar rose and made his way to where Clancy had bedded down. Chimol and Seika stayed seated by the brush in silence. Seika looked toward the heavens his eyes staring at the night stars affixed to the firmament.
"What was it like Seika? Were you afraid?" Chimol was the first to break the silence.
"It is queer Chimol. I did not know what was happening to me, but I was not afraid. It was as if I was in a deep sleep, though I knew what was going on around me. It was very peaceful."
"Did it speak to you?"
"I think it may have, though not in the manner you think. I knew of its presence and of its purpose, though I am not sure why. I am sorry old friend, but it is beyond my skills to explain further."
"I do not understand though I will accept your explanation. I will be back in a turn or so, you have the first watch." Chimol returned to the rocks, and in a matter of minutes, was fast asleep.


Chapter Five
The Sirris Mountains

He struck his head hard against the rock as he was shaken violently from his sleep. Stunned and unaware Dwylar rolled to his right, stumbling to his feet.
"I am so sorry, I lost my grip on your cloak. But hurry, we must leave this place. We are in danger here!"
"What is this you say Clancy? How do you know?"
"You forget, we are in the Dream Valley. It came to me in my sleep."
"What has come to you?"
"We must leave this place before the coming morning.  There are new concerns in this valley."
"And what would those be?"
"There are large numbers of the black creatures coming up from the wastelands. They will be here before the sun rises."
"Then wake the others and we will leave now."
"There is more.” Clancy’s face was nearly paste white, his words hesitant. “They are driven forward by the Dol-shar!"
"The Dol-shar..." Dwylar's eyes went wide. This was as close as he had ever seen his old friend to genuine fear. To be in their hands meant death, a cruel and lingering death.
Clancy stepped to where Chimol was sleeping. The noise and talking had not awakened him. He had been in a deep and peaceful sleep, his first in several nights. Dwylar ran to the edge of the brush where Seika crouched peering through the bushes. Dwylar slid to the bare ground beside him.
"Tell me, what do you look for?"
"I heard a rustle beyond the treeline."
"From where?"
"I am not sure. There, to the left perhaps. I heard it only once, just minutes ago. It has not returned."
"We must leave it then. A new danger awaits us. Powerful wizards now journey from below the wastelands."
"Who are they?"
"They are called the Dol-shar. There is no time to explain further. Clancy has seen it in a dream. We must go, now."
They retreated to the others and gathering what little they had crawled out from behind the boulders that had shielded them, slipped down the side of the bluff and trailed off into the night. They had gone but a few hundred yards when Dwylar stopped. He bent down to study the ground smoothing a patch with his palm. The thistle and brush here were not as tortured as those they had just come through.
"We must make plans. We have very little supplies and a long way to go."
"We are four woodsmen. We can take what we need from the land. What do you say Seika?
"That is certainly true Chimol," Clancy answered, "but there are things this earth could never provide us. We face a deadly enemy."
"There are things we could use at my home. If we cut back across the mountains north of the low hills we would be able to make a short stop to pick up supplies. All we would need is there."
"What is your counsel on this Dwylar? You are the most experienced. What say you?"
"It could be dangerous. There are certainly things we could use that will help us. If the opportunity presents itself we should take advantage of it."
They had chosen their course. While there was still darkness they would cross at the mouth of the valley and make their way north through the Sirris Mountains. Seika knew this part of the valley as well as any and he took the lead. They made their way down from the higher foothills into the woodlands. It would offer them the most cover from whatever may be hunting them.
They moved slowly at first careful to keep their presence a secret. The forest was scorched as far as they could see in the darkness. Seika's heart sank with each step. How could this happen to their, to his, beautiful land, the land he had grown up playing in? Then something stirred within, an emotion he had not felt to this point. He was angry. More than that, he was furious. His lands had been violated and he picked up the pace.
"What did you see back there on the ground, Dwylar?" Clancy and Dwylar were at the back of the chain.
"The new evil is not coming to this land, it is already here. There were new tracks in the dirt, those that I do not fully recognize. It may be that is why that area was not wholly burned."
"Why would that be?"
"I do not know. Perhaps our deaths are already being planned."
"This is grave news. If this is true we may never reach the northern borders of the Chrystum."
"On this I believe our chances are even. The Dol-shar may not know of our presence."
"But would not the black creatures or even the Krulgan make it known to them?"
"The Dol-shar do not easily listen to words of such lowly creatures as our black friends. They deem them liars, cheats. It is our only hope. They may, however, listen to the Krulgans."
"Then we should proceed as planned. I see no other choice."
They walked for several turns when they came to the edge of the woodlands. They stopped just yards short of the treeline facing the wide expanse of open ground between them and the other side of the valley floor. The thought of crossing that open space sent chills up Chimol's spine. He peered out; it seemed a distance that covered forever. He looked to those beside him. Were they as afraid as he? Surely, they were the bravest folk he had ever known. Even his old friend seemed as a warrior to him now. He had reached the most intense moment of his life. Did he have the strength?
"We have been lucky thus far; we have not been seen for nearly two days. They may not know where we are, or even that we are here."
"How shall we cross this open plain, Dwylar?"
"Is it not evident Chimol? As quickly as we can."
Seika chuckled. It seemed inappropriate but his smile quickly spread among the others. Their spirits suddenly lifted. They were ready.
"We will move ten paces apart. It is too far to run though that would be our best chance, but we must conserve our strength. It is a long way, perhaps a league across. Let's go."
They moved out with Mr. Clancy first, then Chimol, Seika, and finally Dwylar. They would move in a straight line to what looked the nearest point as best they could determine. Their aim was to blend into the background of the open spaces of the night. Dwylar kept to the rear to keep an eye on the others.
They started out past the darkest time of night. It would only get lighter from this point on. Dawn was still more than a full turn away. They would have time if nothing went wrong. Each one told himself, we have time. Never had they felt so naked, so alone, so vulnerable. Their enemy could suddenly arise and sweep them away as a hand that swats at a bug. They moved on. Chimol fell! It was as if a horn sounded through the still night airs and announced their presence. They froze in place, their eyes scanning the terrain for movement. An eternity passed in the next ten seconds as they scanned the horizon for their deaths.
"Are you hurt?" Chimol heard Mr. Clancy whisper.
Chimol gestured with his hands so as not to make more noise. He had put his companions in a desperate situation that had threatened their lives. They continued on.
Dwylar stopped. Could it be the silence of the night playing its tricks? No, he heard a noise behind him, though not a distinct one. He listened intently as they moved forward. Again. Perhaps a shuffling this time, the burnt ground scrapping against feet. How many? Who? Why had they not come forward, not attacked? The ground fell slightly beneath his feet. He could see a roll in the landscape ahead. It could be his chance. As the field trailed off, down to a low spot, Dwylar spread his cloak over him as he fell to the ground and rolled several yards to his left. If he were right, he would not be seen or heard. He laid still, his cloak shielding him from sight. If he were wrong, he would be dead. He lay there for several seconds as the shuffling sound swept by. He stayed his place and listened intently. No more had passed. He rose and began trailing his prey.
He could make out four figures several yards ahead. A small dark one was now just steps behind Seika. His heart began to race and he quickened his pace as best as he could and still not be heard, but he was too late! He saw the last two in line fall to the ground and he knew Seika was in trouble. He rushed forward and called out, the noise be damned! He reached them just as a shrill scream pierced the silent darkness. He grabbed the one on top and with an adrenaline-filled rush, flung it with all his strength. It hit the ground with a muffled thud. The crumpled form on the ground was limp, face down in the scorched earth. He was surely dead. Dwylar leaped to his feet; the foul thing would surely die for his deed! The Searcher charged across the field, his heart pounding in his temples. He reached the figure sprawled on the ground trying to regain its feet. He reached down and raised it high into the air over his head, again ready to fling it to the ground. He released just as another cry burst through the night air. "Dwylar, Noooo!", but he could not hold up. Dwylar rushed toward the body even before it landed on the hard ground.
Seika laid there, a lump, barely moving. Dwylar reached him quickly along with Chimol and Mr. Clancy. Dwylar stood there looming above the others, stunned. Chimol bent over his friend who was sprawled on the tender grasses carefully turning him onto his back. Seika's eyes were wide with fright.
"Are you all right Seika?" There was only a faint, low groan. "Seika, speak to me!"
Dwylar fell to his knees beside him. He reached out but withdrew his hand. He could not bring himself to touch him. He lowered his head into his hands and wiped his face in silence.
Seika drew a deep breath. "Fear not, Dwylar, I am only bruised. I shall live,” he croaked.
"I thought it was...you were... a black creature. I thought he had killed you. I thought it was you laying there on the ground."
"Fortunately he is laying on the ground here, Dwylar."  Clancy and Chimol helped Seika to his feet, carefully lifting him and brushed the dirt from his clothing.
Dwylar knelt on the ground before them as Seika put his hand on his shoulder.
"If this is how you treat your enemies Dwylar, then I am most glad I am your friend."
Dwylar looked up at Seika, his eyes sullen and wet as they met Seika's. He just stared. Seika saw in them a blankness, a deep sorrow awash across his face.
"I am sorry, my friend. I thought you were..."
"Fortunately, I was not."
"Can you ever forgive me?"
"In the name of your king I forgive you, though I do not think it be appropriate. You acted to save my life. That is not something one should forgive." Dwylar reached out and wrapped his powerful arms around Seika bringing him close to his breast.
"Be careful, Dwylar, you may break him in half."
Dwylar looked to Clancy and smiled. Seika reached up and wiped the last tear from Dwylar's face. Seika looked again into his eyes. Just as quickly the power that was in this man's soul shone through.
"We have less than half the distance to go. Can you travel Seika?"
"I think I may make it faster if you throw me, Dwylar." Seika smiled at the northerner. "I am only bruised. I can finish."
"Dawn will be upon us in only minutes," Clancy said. "We must make the last of the journey in haste."
They walked back to where the fight had taken place. Dwylar looked at the others and then down at the figure sprawled in the dirt.
"Look at the face of your enemy. This is the face of death." Dwylar rolled the scrawny figure over, face up. "Again there are new evils in this place. I do not recognize this creature."
"Is it not just a black creature?"
"I think not, Seika. I have never seen the like of it in all my travels. This does not bode well."
"It is not very strong. I killed it with ease. As I was walking, I pulled out my knife; I do not know why. I was just looking at it with the handle in my hand. It was then I was knocked to the ground and as I rolled over it leaped at me again and I raised my knife. As it landed I rolled over on top of it and then was thrown away."
"It may indeed be weak though that does not mean it should not be feared. It may have a different purpose."
Clancy looked at Dwylar quizzically. "A scout perhaps?"
"It could be. It is beyond that of their kind to have such a skill. They are too noisy. Perhaps we are being followed, allowed to escape. What the purpose would be, I do not know.  
The light was now beginning to show from the east though it had not yet crested the rugged peaks of the Sirris. It would be some time yet for that but the growing light would now be their greatest threat. They ran as quickly as they could finally reaching the treeline after more than a half turn. There they fell into the brush, exhausted.

*    *    *

"Where are they, fools? They cannot be far. Push onward. You pitiful vermin call yourself warriors?"
"Here! Something is here!"
"Who said that? Out of my way or you will die where you stand!" Ceydar pushed one of the black creatures head first into the dirt. He stormed forward to a figure moving slowly toward him.
"What say you, scum? Report!"
"A scout lies dead, just ahead."
"And who might you be?"
"I am Seeth, of the fourth tribe."
"So, Seeth of the fourth tribe, show me what you have found."
They walked several yards ahead and there on the ground lay a body face up. Ceydar circled it and stopped. There had been a fight. It was evident who had won. This poor excuse for a soldier; how could he have let them force these pitiful little creatures on him? They were worthless. Well, almost. Ceydar bent down over it. Though not cold its body heat had been sapped into the cool ground.
"They could not be but a few leagues off. You worthless slime, there is a trail over there. Follow it before it grows cold. I will have them or you will all die!"
Ceydar drew a large dark whip of stout hide from his hip and struck it in the air. The crack was heard throughout the rolling hills in the silence of the predawn night. The black creatures fumed under their foul breaths as they scurried around to pick up the trail.

*    *    *

Dwylar woke abruptly, his eyes peering into the haze. There was danger out there somewhere, and he had to find its path. He rose to his feet and with a mighty leap the snow-hawk soared into the lightening skies. Seika woke just in time to see his departure. Again, he was in awe of the force of the man who was now his friend. He watched silently as the great hunter was quickly lost from sight. Seika looked to his companions. They had fallen asleep. How could they not have? They had been on the run now for many hours and they needed rest. How long had it been? Just moments perhaps as the sun had not yet crested the Sirris peaks. Or could it have been a day?  He dismissed that thought and turned to the others asleep on the ground.
"Mr. Clancy, wake up. Wake up," he whispered. He dared not raise his voice. Clancy pulled his eyelids open.
"What is it, Seika?"
"I fear there is other danger about. Dwylar has just left, flown to the sky. I do not know why." Seika then moved over to Chimol to wake him as well.
"If he has left without word we must also leave. Come, into the woods without a sound. He will find us in his own time." The three silently eased their way into the thickest and darkest part of the woodlands. It would be hard for anyone or anything to find them, for Sheimas who do not wish to be found, are usually not.
Mr. Clancy led them deep into the living growths of the valley. They moved at their best speed considering their lack of sleep and Seika was beginning to stiffen from the violent attack he had suffered.
The brush soon gave way to short, fat stumps of thick trees. The valley floor here was broken and covered with rocks themselves showing signs of decay and fire. The walking was treacherous, their ankles and feet turning under them with every step. Seika was in the middle with Mr. Clancy leading. Seika was struggling as his body was still in shock. Each step forward was becoming more and more difficult. The growths surrounding him were becoming more dense with each passing moment. The trees seemed to crowd his every step, the roots clutching at his feet. He fell, his head crashing to the ground, bouncing off a rotten log.
"Seika! Seika!" Chimol rushed up himself tripping and falling to the ground. He crawled forward reaching out to his old friend. Mr. Clancy was already helping Seika to his feet. Chimol looked up at the two of them.
"I will be quite all right Chimol. Thank you Mr. Clancy."
"Dwylar is a powerful man, Seika. I am afraid you will feel these effects for several days to come."
"Do you think he has a magic potion that will cure me as well?"
"He may indeed," Clancy said as he smiled, "he may indeed."
"I just need some rest. My muscles tightened up those few moments we slept in the brush. I will be fine once I rest awhile."
"Then we will make it so as quickly as it can be arranged but for now we must move while we can."
The old trees and thick undergrowth did not improve. Their path was but a series of broken pieces of earth and fragments of living things once lush and beautiful that were now in the throws of being subdued and scorched. That was the tragedy that had happened to their lands. The sun was now cresting the looming peaks before them and it was a new day, and with all new days it brought a hope and purpose to all that hold truth and light in their hearts.
Their night’s journey at last came to an end. They had walked more than a full turn and it was now time to rest. They chose a small clearing hidden deep within the folds of the lower hills. Seika unceremoniously plopped himself down and sighed. He lifted his eyes just in time to see Mr. Clancy rush toward him and dive into a pile of dead leaves, his knife held high. He landed and rolled. He was not alone. He turned and saw Chimol hit the ground with a black creature on top of him. Seika rose and took a step toward Chimol and lunged but he was hit in mid-air and toppled to the hard ground. He rolled as he landed and was caught against the side of a large root jutting out from a blackened oak. A black creature landed on top of him, its foul odor filling his nostrils. He was caught! The creature wrapped its hands around his throat trying to choke the air from his lungs. Seika's eyes went wide; he could hardly move. The struggle was fierce. Seika finally freed his right hand and pounded hard into his foe’s lower stomach. He heard the breath forced from its lungs as its hands pulled away from his throat. Seika rolled to his left freeing his left arm, turned and jumped on the foul thing as his knee landed in the center of its chest, its ribs popping as he landed. Seika tore into his cloak and found his knife and with one quick motion slashed swiftly across his victim's throat.
There was no time to lose. He stumbled off his slain enemy and charged the other still wrestling with Chimol in the flat area behind them. As he charged he let out a bloodcurdling yell; "Yon dos nefar!" Chimol's enemy raised his head as he rolled on top just in time to be bowled over.  They struck the ground with Seika landing on top. He grasped its head and slammed it hard against the rocks, the blood spurting, covering the jagged edges of the stone. He turned hearing screaming behind him as a dark figure closed in. Seika stooped and lept grabbing the head of the figure running by, slamming it to the earth with one quick motion and with his knife slit yet another as its blood gushed down Seika's arm. His enemy now dead he jumped to his feet and scanned the area, his eyes searching for the next onslaught. He stood there frozen, waiting, waiting. There was nothing save Mr. Clancy's voice.
"Take all the fun out of it, will you? A few more feet and I would have had him."
"You seem not so sore as you were just minutes ago. Thank you for your help. I was caught quite off guard."
"You would have done the same for me,” Seika replied as he started gasping for breath.
"I do not know that I could have. You have turned into quite the warrior."
"It is not something I would ever have imagined. I am still unsure of everything that has happened."
"What has happened my good Seika, is that you have killed by yourself, three black creatures, and possibly saved Chimol’s life."
"I did that?"
"Most certainly you have," Mr. Clancy answered. "We must now leave and look for a place to rest."
"We should dispose of the bodies. It would not do well to have them discovered while we are near."
They cleaned the site so there would be no trace of death only that which had already been brought to this place. They stuffed the bloodied bodies into the hollow logs which had been burnt by their fires and covered them with dead brush that they pulled from the now dormant ground.
"There is more than just fire killing the land." Chimol easily pulled a large clump of rotted weeds from the ground and showed it to Mr. Clancy. "See how easily this pulls away? It should not be so."
"You are right. There is more evil here than meets the eye. Quickly though, we must be thorough."
They finished in just minutes and after leaving the area traveled another half turn as the sun fully crested the Sirris peaks. The light, even to the eyes of black creatures, would give them away. Again, the lower foothills would seem to hold the most promise. They stopped in a deep gorge filled with half-burnt trees and scrub as the hills rose high around them. In front was a steep cliff-face; to the right a cluster of trees seemingly out of place in the rocky landscape. To the left rose another rocky face. It would be difficult to climb but easy to defend if it came to that. They chose this path and after another half turn passed they came upon a cleft in the rock. They could go no further; they were all exhausted. It would be as good a place as any to rest and it was a place they could defend.
"I will take the first watch."
"So it shall be. I will take the second, and Chimol the third. Watch not only for our enemies but also for Dwylar. He will be in search of us. Wake me when you feel the need else I will call on you in four turns. Please try to stay out of sight and out of trouble, Seika."
"It is always my intention to stay out of trouble, Mr. Clancy."
"It was not your habit as a boy, my young friend."
"And what young boy do you know of this not to be true?"
"Your point is well taken. Rest as you watch, you will be the better for it." Clancy stumbled to the furthest point of the crevice and slumped down beside Chimol. He could tell tired as he was that Chimol was troubled.
"What is your question, Chimol?"
"Did you hear Seika call out in our battle?"
"I heard something, though I could not make out the words."
"It was as if a strange tongue came from his lips. I have never heard the like before."
"What did he say? What did it sound like?"
"`Yon dos nefar.' Have you ever heard this?"
"I have not though it sounds like the words of old I heard in my travels in the northern realms. What they could mean I do not know. Perhaps Dwylar could shed some light on this."
"It is strange you should say `light'."
"Oh?"
Chimol then recounted the night before when Dwylar had shown them the crystal and the light that captured Seika in its soft glow. Clancy lowered his head and raised an eyebrow as he looked deeply at Chimol.
"He showed you the crystal then?"
"Yes, he did. It was unlike anything I have ever seen."
"It could have a tie to that, but I am not learned in its lore."
"The two of you should be asleep. I do not intend to stay awake longer than I need."
Mr. Clancy looked at Seika and smiled and within minutes he and Chimol were both asleep. Seika for his part had no trouble staying awake. The night had been one he would not soon forget. His body was stiffening from all the activity. His ribs and legs hurt the most. He had landed hard. It was strange he thought how he acted the wild one when his friends were in danger. Now, he had not the strength to throw a rock from this ledge. He bent over and on finding a small stone with a quick motion flung it down into the ravine. His arm stung with sudden pain. He was right. It hurt.
Seika stood and looked out over the valley. How long had it been since he had seen Dwylar? Several turns at least, he imagined. What could have happened to him? He stared casually into the morning sky. It was dark for some reason as if a storm front was approaching but he could see no rain clouds. It was queer indeed. Then something caught his eye. He peered, straining so hard he almost toppled over the edge. He regained his balance and stepped back.  
A spot in the sky seemed to be growing ever so slightly. As it grew, he sensed a pattern. It was searching, but for what? It must be Dwylar. He looked around to see if there was something he could use as a signal. He saw a short, squat plant with large leaves burrowed into the rocks. He walked over and broke off the largest frond. It would make a good flag. It better, it was all he had.
He stood there waving his flag for a good five minutes but to no avail. How could he be more obvious than this? He could yell. That was it. He cleared his lungs with a few short breaths then filled his chest enough to blast out a mighty roar. But for some reason he stopped and let his lungs slowly deflate. He grew hesitant as his face became flushed, his hands suddenly cold. It was Dwylar, wasn't it? The shape was different somehow but he could not tell why. It seemed darker.
Then from the west another dark shape streaked from high above slamming into the first. Seika stepped back, aghast! The first shape fell some distance out of control and then leveled out. The second looped high into the airs and dove again back toward the other. The first gained height but was overtaken and knocked lower again. What could be happening here? What were these two things? Seika turned and shouted. Chimol and Mr. Clancy were by his side within seconds and they watched the battle together. The first obviously wounded, would not be able to withstand another charge. The second creature flew high circling the other as it rose, then dove. It was more than the first could withstand and it fell limply to the earth below unseen as it passed below the treetops. The other remained high in the airs swirling back and forth aloft on the breezes.
"What do you think it means, Mr. Clancy?"
"One of two things I am sure, Seika. If the one that remains is Dwylar we will have our answer shortly. If the one that remains is not, and I know not what it could be, our quest has ended here. We will be no more and the northern realms will fall into war."
"It is coming." Chimol's eyes were fixed on the object.
It was coming directly at them. There was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. They watched never taking their eyes from it as they stepped backward in unison. Their backs were now against the hard rock of the cleft with nowhere to run. Seika took his knife from his cloak and charged, "Yon dos nefar, as mier honshir nefar!" Seika landed on his target as a bright blur of soft light formed around the two as they rolled to the edge of the cliff. Seika raised his arm with the knife high in the air, his eyes wide with rage as the knife plunged downward.
"Seika, no!"
The knife landed hard the stone blade shattering as it struck as Seika rolled off his enemy. He looked up from his knees and spoke to the figure towering above him.
"So, you have returned," he panted.
"And quite a welcome it is,” he replied. Dwylar stooped and helped Seika to his feet. "I will tell you the next time I leave if it will suit you, and I promise not to throw you again."
There were smiles all around. The danger had passed and there was much to tell, and much to explain.
They moved off the face of the cliff as far back against the rock as they could manage. From here they would be out of sight except from any that may be higher in the mountains. Dwylar was quite certain there was no one else around. They built a fire so they could cook a meal; it would be the first good one they had in some time. They used only those branches and leaves that made little smoke. The fire was warm and welcomed as the airs were unusually cool even for this hour.
Dwylar explained why he had left. If they blundered into one scout or spy there could be others about. He had to be sure; he had to know their strength and location or they might have walked into a trap or just have been unlucky and stumbled into an armed patrol. There were definite advantages to being able to fly above your enemies. This was obviously a well thought-out plan by those who had decided the path of the Searchers to be in full view of one's enemies and not be seen. Dwylar had seen masses of black creatures roaming the valley destroying every living thing in their path. One trait they held fast to were the black creatures had not journeyed far into the mountains on either side unless driven harshly by their Krulgan masters yet they covered the valley as a plague. Their only course at this point would be to travel the higher and more rugged mountain passes. His greatest fear in these highlands were the Dol-shar.
"We have been lucky to this point. There are a great many tribes in the middle and upper parts of the Dream Valley and many more are pouring in from the south across the wastelands. I do not know why we were not seen crossing the lower stretches."
"Why is this happening now, Dwylar?"
"I also have a question," Chimol said. "When we were on the plateau on the other side I could not see into the wastelands when the sun cleared the Sirris peaks."
"Nor could I," Seika said. "What happened to our vision? Was it some evil magic?"
"I believe your two questions have the same roots. Remember the song tells it can be seen from a high point. As the sun broke the eastern peaks I was also blinded by a curtain of light though as I crossed into the desert the light was gone. It was then a sparkle leaped from the rubble on the ground to my eye. As I turned, it was again gone. I flew in high circles catching sharp, stabbing flashes of a brilliant light from a point on the ground though I could not locate it. It only showed itself when not directly viewed. As I flew again over the mouth of the valley the shimmering curtain reappeared. It was then I realized why the evil has returned. Somehow, the crystal had been moved. It was the curtain of light facing the wastelands that had kept them at bay all these ages and now it had vanished. The specter of the power of men had been lessened and they believed it was time to strike and the invasion began anew."
"So, this is why they have come to our lands."
"I believe it to be so, Clancy. And now all that dwells above the Great Southern Wastelands lies open to their vomit."
"Dwylar as I was keeping station on the edge, I saw a battle of titans in the sky. When you drew near I did not recognize you. That is why I attacked."
"What I battled I have never seen the likes of. It was as a vulture, large and black that circled the murky skies. I believe it was searching for us. Had I not defeated it most surely you would have been found."
"The time for tales is over. We must rest and eat. We can go no further as we are."
All agreed and they began the task at hand. It was not as sparse as they had endured over the past few days as they had tender meat from some small animals and wild roots which were cooked with great skill. All were more than satisfied when finished. Chimol took over the watch with Seika availing himself of the chance to sleep. Mr. Clancy and Dwylar moved off by themselves as Clancy took the opportunity to question Dwylar further.
"You showed them the crystal."
"Yes, I showed them. They were pleased. It is best when one can see what one is fighting for."
"I believe it may have taken hold of one of them."
"It is Seika you fear for, is it not?"
"It is. There is a power which surges through him that I had not seen before. Is it the crystal?"
"It is possible. What else have you seen?"
"He has spoken in a strange tongue, the like of which I have never heard. It may be from the old times."
"This is something I did not foresee. He has seen the power of the crystal and it is growing in him. What did he speak?"
"`Yon dos nefar'. Then later when you returned to us,`yon dos nefar, an mier honshir nefar'. Do you know what it means?"
"The language is known to me though I know not what the words mean. It is indeed the language of the Old Ones. When did he speak it first?"
"When we were attacked by the black creatures after the crossing. You should have seen him Dwylar, he was magnificent. He felled all three."
"But you and Chimol were there also."
"But it was Seika who slew them, first his attacker, then Chimol's and mine in turn."
"It is true then. The power of the crystal is deep within him. It is a union we may be able to take advantage of on our journey."
"What power do you speak of?" Clancy asked.
"The legend of the crystal speaks of a host which will carry the wisdom and power of the crystal back to the northern lands,” Dwylar replied.
"I know this part of the legend. It was my belief the Searcher would be the wielder of power."
"The crystal chooses its own. It is not for men to choose the way of the crystal. It is the natural order of things. You would do well to keep him under a watchful eye. I do not know its full power or what it may do to him."
"I will be watchful,” Clancy replied. “We should rest and you most of all."
They took their turns at watch and sleep with the others. The rest of the day they kept to the shadowed crevice buried into the rocky hillside. They would travel when the sun turned orange and again began its fall behind the Choale Mountains. It was a day of rest that was needed by all.
Thankfully the daylight hours passed without event. They had been on the run for days and it would become more difficult as their journey progressed. The summery day slipped by all too quickly. Though they were rested physically, mentally it was not so true. The sun had long since started its downward journey and crested above the peaks of the Choale. Brilliant streaks of reds and orange set the sky ablaze and it would soon be time for them to leave. They decided to have one more meal. There was no fire lit for it could easily give away their position in the darkness. The army of black creatures should be well ahead of them now. The next wave coming across the desolation of the wastelands would be to their rear. It was Dwylar's plan to stay between the two forces to avoid any scouts or strays. There would be scouts ahead and behind the armies but should be few if any between them.
They cleaned their campsite scattering the ashes from their earlier fire to the winds. It can be just as dangerous for your enemy to know where you are going as to know where you have been. Everything was left as they had found it and they slid down the east side of the hill into the darkness.
Dwylar led them down the rocky slope into a deep ravine. They would use this trough to cover their path for several leagues. Every green and living thing had been burned, scorched and trampled. It was now a dead land. The trees were thick and fat with the few remaining leaves blackened as to make them unrecognizable with their roots plowed high into the air making walking treacherous. It was harder still in the darkness. After four turns they had covered a scant two leagues so they stopped to rest. It was as good a place as any.

*    *    *

"Again, you have returned to me with nothing."
"I will find them, I promise you that and they will die at my feet."
"It will be more difficult than you imagine, Ceydar.  There is one among them you will not defeat by yourself or even with your armies."
"No one can stand up to me and my armies! No one!"
“Do not use that tone with me you ignorant fool. I will tolerate no more failures on your part. Now return to your task at once."
Ceydar removed himself from the camp. It was foolish he knew to try to argue with them. They did not understand. How could they? They sat back and led from the rear as cowards will always do. It was the true warrior who led his troops into battle. These Dol-shar could never do such a thing. With all their powers they still could fall to the edge of a sharp sword. He was sure of it. Ceydar grumbled off into the night toward his own encampment. These slinking creatures would find his prey, or he would kill them all and find others to do the job.
"Halt! Who goes there? Speak, or die!"
"It is I, Ceydar. Step aside or it will be you that dies."
The sentry lowered his weapon snapping the butt of it to the ground in salute. As Ceydar passed the guard took two steps backward. It was not so much a gesture of respect as one of self-preservation. Many times Ceydar had struck down a sentry when he had been in a foul mood. It would not happen to him. Ceydar plodded past the guard and the few groups scattered around the main encampment. He arrived at his tent where a guard was standing at the open flap.
"Guard!" He took the helpless creature by the throat and lifted him from the ground with his powerful right arm. "Assemble these scum and have them ready to march in half a turn. Now off with you!" Ceydar threw him to the ground and stormed off.
"I would kill him given half the chance. He can not treat me that way." The guard rubbed his throat with his dirty hand. It stung.
"Quiet, or he will hear you. The day will come slug, and he will trouble us no more." A second sentry moved close in. "If someone should hear you speak this, you will die. He has spies about. Remember that, if you remember nothing else. Now go and do as he says, or he will kill you."
The sentry moved off and sounded the marching horn. All the army knew its meaning, another call to move on. It was not received in good spirits. The collective groan could be heard all around as the blast from a carved horn of a black ram cut through the night airs. By half-a-turn, the assembly was ready to march. Ceydar did not care about the noise they made, sure that no force could stand in their way. It would be suicide to attempt it. He gave no thought that he was not going off to face an army. That would come later. He was searching for a small band of travelers and the horn would announce his presence and steer them away from him. He was a powerful foe, not a clever one. His forces spread out in all directions advancing in an arc moving north. His cowardly scouts provided by the Dol-shar searched the most outward flanks of his advance. What would those pitiful things do if they were to find them? Most surely die, as the other had done. They were not good soldiers only cowardly spies and of little use to him. He would kill them all if he could.

*    *    *

Dwylar raised his right hand bringing them to a halt. He tilted his head forward as if he were listening for something and he stayed still as a rock.
What is it, Dwylar? What do you listen for?” Clancy whispered.
"There. Do you not hear it, Clancy?"
They stood in place straining to hear, what, they did not know.
"There. I hear it also."
"What, Seika? I hear nothing, only the sound of the wind through the branches." Seika turned to Chimol.
"There it is again. A warning in the night airs."
"Where does it come from?"
"That I do not know. Far ahead, I think."
"Yes. It is our enemies’ battle horn," Dwylar said as he turned to the others. "They are not as far ahead as I thought and they may have scouts about. We should be careful not to make noise as we travel though I do not think we are in much danger at the moment. It is unlikely they would have spies to their rear. They are certainly more concerned with what might be ahead of them."
"But all that lies ahead is the middle valley and there is no army to oppose them."
"That is true Chimol, though they may not know that. They have never been here and may not know what to expect. It is a wise commander who moves carefully in lands he has not traveled before."
"And when they arrive in the other valley...?"
"They will most certainly pillage all around them," Mr. Clancy answered. "Our peoples will not be able to withstand them and they will be enslaved."
That thought was unsettling to the younger Sheimas and they grew quiet. It was not something they had thought about before. They knew their people to be mild, farmers mostly. How would they react to their lands being savagely invaded? Would they fight back? Dwylar assured them, it would be worse for them if they did. The black creatures would be as wolves among sheep. They all lowered their heads as they moved on.
They trudged on through the cool night under a sky that obscured the stars from view; there would be no light to help their enemies detect them. Clancy moved up next to Dwylar in the darkness.
"I feel an uneasiness in the airs, Dwylar."
"Do tell, Clancy. What is it that troubles you so? I feel no danger about."
"It is not so much danger, as a presence. Have you seen him?"
"Seen who, Clancy?"
"The white one. There is a stillness in the airs that I can not explain. I have only known this feeling once, long ago, in our journeys far in the north together."
"You are still quite adept in the wilds, Clancy. It is something I would not have expected from you after all these years. I have not seen him though I know he is near. I have felt his presence. There were several days I do not think he was close, though I believe he has returned."
Clancy, seemingly satisfied with the answer dropped back into line. The night, dark and sullen, stretched on endlessly. They stayed in the well-defined trench as they walked, turn by turn. Dwylar called brief halts so they could rest, but the night was a difficult one in which to travel. The darkness that kept them from sight also slowed their progress. The trail though easily seen in the darkness was lined with rough ground and large rocks that thrust upward at their tired feet. The rest of the night went on without any events, something they greatly appreciated. Dwylar called a final halt just before dawn. It was time to rest, their backs and limbs tired from the long march.
Dwylar led them up into the higher elevations for their day’s rest knowing the black armies would not follow. Only Krulgans would normally journey this high and dawn had not yet broken the night sky though it was only a few turns away. Chimol took the first watch. He could tell already it would be a beautiful day. The others burrowed themselves deeply into the rocks for a much needed rest. Seika would take the second watch sometime after dawn. Chimol prepared a place for himself and sat down well out of sight.
The night gradually slipped away as the first light broke across the morning sky, the bright orange cutting through everything in its path, a brilliant hue settling over the lands below. Chimol watched as the new sun lit the day with its fragile light. Yes, it would be a great day though he would probably sleep through most of it. He brought his eye back down to earth. Time to stop daydreaming! He rubbed his eyes with his balled-up fists and brought his gaze to rest on a large rock just yards away from where he was seated, and froze. His mind raced, but he could not move. There, seated on the rock in the haze of the gray shadows was the largest wolf he had ever seen.
Neither made a move. Chimol finally let his hand slip down to the small knife he had stuffed in his belt, his hand resting on the grip. A lot of good this will do me, he thought as his mind raced. That animal could tear me apart with one swift blow. Then to his surprise the great beast looked casually away, his tongue gently dropping from his mouth in a slow pant. This was his chance, the time to run. But before he could bring his hands down to lift himself off the ground their eyes met again. The wolf stared hard, his eyes piercing. There was no place to go. He had to warn the others.
"Stay Chimol, and do not be afraid." He looked up to see Mr. Clancy standing beside him. They, or at least he, was awake though Chimol could not bring himself to release his eyes from the wolf. "Show no fear, but do nothing."
Chimol could only nod his head in reply. Then from his side, he saw Mr. Clancy walk out into the open and stop just a few feet from the wolf, his hands folded inside his cloak. Surely he would be killed.
"So, you show yourself at last. It has been many years since our last meeting. There are new ones here. They are friends who mean you no harm." At that, he turned his back to the wolf and walked to Chimol. "Go wake Dwylar and Seika." 
Chimol leaped to his feet and ran quickly past Mr. Clancy. He woke Seika and then Dwylar and when next he looked up, the wolf was standing only a few feet away from Mr. Clancy. Seika leaped to his feet and stood beside Chimol, his eyes also on the wolf. Dwylar rose and looked at the two Sheimas and then to Clancy flashing a broad smile across his hardened face.
You have not introduced our friends, have you Clancy?"
Seika and Chimol were astonished! There, standing next to Mr. Clancy was a wolf, fur white as new snow, its head rising to a height as high as Mr. Clancy's chest.
"No Dwylar, I have not." Clancy's lips broke into a thin smile.
"Then I shall do the honors. Seika, Chimol, this is Eisldor, my traveling companion."
Seika and Chimol were still frozen in their tracks. They did not know what to make of the situation, their eyes locked on the animal. Then, if it were even possible to detect such a thing Seika thought he spied a sly grin on the face of the wolf and his frame relaxed. With great ease Eisldor moved to the two and stood beside them and their fears suddenly vanished.
"You have been away long Eisldor. What news do you bring?" Seika was amazed. Dwylar was actually speaking as if the wolf could understand him. Then their eyes locked for several long minutes. Seika and Chimol stood in stunned silence as their minds groped for an answer. Dwylar's eyes at last released and the wolf lay down quietly beside Seika.
"There is much to discuss Clancy, let us talk over breakfast. It will be more comfortable for all, and I am sure our guest is also hungry."
"I think we will risk a small fire, just enough to cook by. Chimol if you would, please gather the wood. Be careful it is clean and dry so as not to smoke, and hurry back."
Chimol rushed off and was quick to return. He did not want to miss anything. This wolf was a new turn of events and he wished to hear all that was said. Breakfast was quickly made and just as quickly finished, the meal small but satisfying. 
"We did not know you had a...a pet, Dwylar." Dwylar broke out into a hearty laugh and a big smile swept across Clancy’s face. "And you, Mr. Clancy. You seem to know of this. What say you?"
"Yes Chimol. I know of Eisldor but it is better you hear all the tale from Dwylar."
"Eisldor is no pet Chimol. He is a traveling companion and guardian and he belongs to no man nor creature that roams this earth. He is Eisldor, the White One, Guardian of the Searcher. He is a wolf from the Northern Kingdom and he has traveled the many lands with me in search of the crystal."
"He must be very old then," Seika mumbled, looking closely at the massive shape lying beside him.
"He is older than any being I have ever met, I think. It is said he is the same wolf that has guarded all the searchers from the time this quest began. I do not know if this is true or if it is the spirit of the same wolf that resides in a new body each generation, but his description has not changed through all the long years. I myself have never seen him change or age in all the years the quest has been in my charge."
"It must be a different one. No wolf could live so long," Chimol countered.
"But he is no ordinary wolf Chimol. Even his name speaks of that. In the olden tongue, Eisldor means `white spirit'. How he has been given this name I do not know but it has been the same since the beginning."
"And what is his beginning?" Seika asked.
"That also is a mystery to me and all those who have come before me. In the legends of the Searchers it is said Eisldor appeared to Calmir the first searcher, two moons after his journey began in the Vale Woods. Eisldor saved Calmir's life from an attack by a band of ravenous wolves and has since journeyed with each searcher from that time forward."
"And you can speak with him. Does he answer?" Seika caught himself stroking the thick fur as he asked his question, surprised how at ease he was now in his presence. His eyes were wide with disbelief; then he smiled.
"He does, though not as you and I. When I look into his eyes I seem to hear his thoughts. That is the only way I can explain it. There is one other thing you should know. If it is within his power he shall let no harm befall any member of this company. No mortal creature can stand against him, but be forewarned, we may encounter more than just mortal creatures in this journey and what powers he has to deal with those I do not know."
"There seem to be a great many things you do not know concerning Eisldor. Is there anything else you can tell us?"
"Nothing else comes to mind Seika. I do not know his origins completely though I believe long ago he was sent by someone, or something to aid the Searchers in their quest. But, to more important matters at hand. We have new information and must decide our next course of action."
"We know the source of this information but how does it affect our previous plans?" Clancy took his eyes off Eisldor returning his gaze to Dwylar.
"Yes," Seika added, "what news does he bring to us?"
"Our pace was slowed by the path we have taken through the night. The black army, since they were moving across open plains pulled far ahead of us. They have traveled through High-Song Pass and are now in the lower reaches of the Middle-Valley. Your homeland my friends, has been officially invaded."
A hush settled over the Sheimas as the reality of such an event had never fully taken form in their minds. Perhaps there was the hope it would never actually happen, that the black army would veer off to the side or perhaps cross the Choale Mountains and march up the western side through the Valley of Rivers. Now the stark reality settled in. Their homes and families, their lands...! All three hung their heads in silence staring blankly into the ground.
"I understand what you must be feeling," Dwylar continued, "but you must put it out of your minds."
"We must go and help, to drive back these black creatures from our lands, and our homes!" Chimol jumped to his feet.
"That would be most foolish indeed." Clancy brought his eyes up to meet Chimol's hardened stare. "There is nothing we can do to help our people Chimol, other than to pursue our intended course. It is a path we have freely chosen and one we must follow. There can be no other choice for us. We would only become enslaved ourselves. No. The only way to help our own is to help fulfill the quest of the Searcher."
"Well spoken, Clancy," Dwylar said as he looked to the others. "There will be perils enough for all before this journey comes to an end."
"Please believe me Dwylar, to become a hero is not in my plans. If this is something we may accomplish with the least amount of danger, so much the better."
"That is something with which we are in complete agreement Seika."
"Enough of this idle talk,” Clancy said. “There is a new path to consider. Eisldor has brought us news. It is time to decide our next course of action."
The morning meal being finished they turned their attentions to the matters at hand. They were caught between two armies surging up from the south. The lesser of the two in front, now set to destroy the valleys of the Chrystum and a larger, even more powerful force moving through the remains of the Dream Valley. They were now closer to the southernmost force. They debated their course through the next turn as the sun finally rose over the Sirris Mountains showing them the remains of the once lush and fertile valley. It was a land now scorched beyond recognition, burned and trampled.
The devastation before them reinforced their decision. They would still try to return to Seika's home to pick up fresh supplies and any weapons they could manage to find. It would have to be a quick sortie, in and out. The danger with the black army now in the valley would be too great to do anything else. They would dive quickly into Seika's home if the black patrols would permit, then recover again into the Sirris Mountains. Dwylar wished to pass through them and travel up the eastern side, skirting the plains of the Far Wilderness. The Sheimas vehemently protested. They assured Dwylar the mountain passes they knew so well would give them ample coverage. They wanted to see what was happening to their homeland. Dwylar at last relented. They would make their way north on the fringes of the mountains as far as the black army would allow. Then they would cross the mountains and make their way to the Barrier Forest. At that point they would have two choices; turn northwest and make a run through the flatlands, or cross Shallows Reach and into the foothills of the Badir Mountains. They would not be able to choose until they had time to survey the lands and the enemy about. They would make the choice then.
Eisldor’s arrival would be a tremendous asset. The sun was now beginning to climb above the peaks as they had marched long through the night. Eisldor would keep watch so they could get some much-needed sleep. Once rested they could begin their trek earlier than the previous day. Dwylar wanted to see what was going on around them and he could not accomplish that at night. They made their way back into the rocks as Eisldor took the watch. The rest of the day slipped by without event.
The sun rose and splashed the lower valley with long, brilliant streaks of light. It was a beautiful day as a bright sun and high wispy clouds settled over the now, virtually lifeless valley. A beautiful day, wasted on a now barren land. On the sun's downward leg Dwylar raised the company for a brief meal and prepared to depart.
Chimol looked around hesitantly. "Where is Eisldor?"
"He has gone ahead. Rest assured," Dwylar answered, "he will be around when he is needed. But in the meantime we must be on our guard as before."
They raised their packs, and made their way from the rocks down into the ravine that led the way to the Middle Valley. Seika took the lead, he more than any knew this valley well. They were just below the swing in the mountains that turned west and headed to High-Song Pass. They would make the southern end of the Middle Valley just before dawn. If all went well, it would be the perfect time to make a drive for Seika's home and gather whatever they could find. Seika realized they could not remain in this trough much longer. If the black army had a rear guard they would need a way around them, and Seika knew the perfect path.
The trench they were traveling would lead them directly into High-Song Pass. It would be the most obvious course. If their leader had any sense the pass would be guarded until the second army could come to support them. It was a gamble they could not afford to take. They would have to veer away. These were his mountains; this was his country. He knew them well, and he would not let his friends down.
They traveled well into the night. Dwylar had surveyed the area from above several times until the sun no longer shone. Then it was up to Seika's knowledge of his homeland. Chimol knew the area though not as well as Seika. At times they consulted each other as to which path they should take, and more out of respect, at times consulted Mr. Clancy though it had been many a year since he had traveled this far south. Most of his journeys had taken him north into and above the flatlands but he was still a well-traveled and salty individual. Seika knew Mr. Clancy's advice should be well heeded but the final choice was to be his.
Dwylar knew this was not the time for him to interfere. He had been the leader to this point but he knew when experience had to give way to the knowledge of the land. He also knew they had him to fall back on if they experienced any real trouble, though he had begun to realize he was in good hands. It would also give him an opportunity to evaluate his new charges, and by the end of the night he would have a great deal of respect for these simple people.
They kept to the ravine until the day turned to the next and in the total darkness just scant miles from High-Song Pass, Seika veered north through a series of small, almost indistinguishable trails leading due north, parallel to the pass. The night was total blackness as the clear blue skies of the day had become cloudy and overcast then faded into twilight with not even the dim light of the stars to light their path.
Dwylar saw that Seika was undaunted, trusting his instincts to find the way he knew so well. For seemingly endless turns they scampered through narrow trails, tripping over stone and rock, bushes and trees slapping at their faces and limbs, grabbing at them from the blackness of night.
Finally, Seika called a halt to their long march and crouched against a large rock. He signaled for Dwylar who had been at the rear of the company. Dwylar made his way up slipping silently down next to Seika's right shoulder.
"Our travel has gone well tonight, my friend. You should be proud. You have done well. Why though, are we stopping? I do not understand."
"I am flattered. It is high praise indeed coming from one such as you, but I am in need of your advice. I have led as far as I am able. Our next action should be your decision."
Dwylar looked puzzled until Seika stretched out his arm and pointed. They had reached the northern edge of this extension of the mountains. Below lay the southernmost stretches of the Middle Valley and Seika's home was perhaps only a league off. It was now time to scout the land with a hawk's eye and determine their next move.
"What is the closest point we may use before traveling open ground to your home?"
"The open spaces are few. It is but a short, maybe in this case long, hundred paces from the cover of thick trees to my rear wall. You should scout the fields near the hills and the inner pass just inside the first line of mountains. That is the path we shall take, bending around to the woodline and going north again."
"I will see what I can see though you must realize my sight shall not be what it is during the day. My best frame of reference will only be groups moving to and fro. I will not be able to spy small patrols in the deep shadows. I shall not be gone long, perhaps a half turn."  Then, without notice he was gone and the rest of the company settled in for a short rest.
As promised, the snow-hawk was not long in returning and though brief, the rest was well needed. Seika was surprised how tired he had become. He had driven himself and the others harder during the night than he would have believed. Dwylar had traveled just as hard and scouted ahead. He would be equally as tired. It was time for him to rest as well.
They made camp and ate a brief meal, a cold lunch of fruit and bread. There could be no fire as they were too close to their enemies' camps. Dwylar discussed at length his sightings and their plans were set. They would travel the path Seika had originally chosen. It would be the safest, and the quickest. Dwylar had seen little movement this close to the mountains east of High-Song Pass. The main body of the black force was scattered throughout the lower half of the Middle Valley. Those Sheimas that could have escaped the black army did so, the others were trapped, all brought together in a narrow lowland and held prisoner.
The rest of the valley would fall tomorrow, most likely stormed just after dawn as Dwylar read the signs. The force was spread out over the entire southland with only small groups remaining close to the Sirris. There was however, a large rear guard sustaining High-Song Pass. Seika had guessed correctly. The pass would have led to certain death. He could not be certain the strength of the patrols on their chosen course so they would have to be careful. They rested near a full turn. It was a welcomed break.
Dwylar realized Seika had a timetable to follow. If he could judge the distance correctly, and it seemed he had, after two turns they would reach the woods behind his home. Then it would be just a short dash in and out. Eisldor was nowhere to be found.

*    *    *

"Out of my way maggot, I have important duties to tend to," Ceydar yelled as he come from his tent...
"Where is he off to?"
"I do not know though I think he has been summoned. A messenger came just a quarter turn ago."
"What kind of messenger?"
"One of those sly, slinking, filthy little creatures.  I hate them, always poking their noses in places it doesn't belong. One of these days, I'm going to strangle the life right out of one of them, then present him as a present to Ceydar. They won't miss just one of them."
"I told you once before, talk like that could get us both killed. Do as you please, just leave me out of your little scheme. I have no desire to have my head hung from a war banner."
"If you want none of the credit, suit yourself. When Ceydar gives me a command of my own you'll wish you had helped."
"As you wish Seeth. In the meantime, I am here to relieve you."
"Very well, I stand relieved. You have the watch, Sheerd."

*    *    *

"It would seem it is time to move Seika. We should not waste any more time here." Dwylar looked to the others seated in the shadows.  
"I think you are correct. If we should meet any trouble there will be little time to avoid it."
Seika looked at the others. They were all depending on him. He had never been in such a situation in all his life. He was now their leader, though temporarily. He was their guide through the night as no one knew these trails as well as he. Seika studied their faces in the dim light. They were tired and drawn. A full days rest and several good meals would be the only thing to change that. He rose and lifted his small pack slinging the strap around his left shoulder, then his right and stepped from the rocks onto the trail. The others quickly followed as their journey began anew.

*    *    *

"You summoned me my Lord?" Ceydar was now where he did not want to be, here more than anywhere else, in the presence of the two Dol-shar lords.
"What news do you bring us? What progress in the search has been made?" Seated before the Dol-shar were the other two Krulgan commanders. At one time there had been four. The fourth had been punished for his failures and summarily executed, or so was the rumor. He knew he would have to phrase his answers carefully. He did not want to be the next secret victim of his lords.
"The search goes well. We have..."
"The search goes well? Then you have caught him!"
"No my Lord. He has eluded us to this point."
"So, the great Ceydar has not caught his quarry. This is a most unprecedented night."
"Watch your tongue Karsh or I will cut it out with your own knife." Ceydar swung his head sharply to face the other two commanders. "I see no evidence of victory on your part, fool. You dare to question my..."
"Silence! You all have failed in your tasks!" The Dol-shar’s sharp tone quickly brought order to the tent. "There will be success on all your parts or you shall all have the chance to see your successors cut your very throats."
"But my lord, the invasion has been unprecedented. We have swept through the lands of our enemies and crushed their homeland."
"We have done nothing! You pitiful fools have marched an army of wolves through a land of sheep. There is no enemy here, only children. Our enemies lay to the far north. That is the place of our enemy, but we will crush them and their deeds of the past shall not go unpunished. You call yourselves warriors? The greatest commanders of the Krulgan nation can not find one single man, the most important enemy which faces us. This Searcher! Without him, their armies will crumble at our feet."
"But Lord," Karsh answered shakily, "he is but one man. How could he hope to defeat your armies?"
"That is for us alone to know. Do you question our decisions? This one man, this Searcher, is more powerful than any opponent you will face. You are not in a position to know why. If you think this task is too difficult for your feeble minds you will be replaced. That is all we have to say. Return to your posts immediately."
Ceydar raised his head and looked at the two black-cloaked figures. What were they really? Shadows only it seemed, but shadows that lived and could survive even in the light of day. Tall and lean were they with hoods cloaking their faces, or what should be faces if they indeed had any. He had never been able to penetrate the darkness shrouded beneath those robes. He and the others rose to their feet.
"It shall be as you command." Ceydar turned and left. It would be a long night in the black army camp.

*    *     *

They journeyed for several turns without incident avoiding the only patrols they had encountered with relative ease. Their enemy made themselves well known in advance, loud and slow if they were moving at all. Only one scouting party had given them any trouble, fairly well organized and alert. Their leader must have been a real soldier looking for advancement and any rewards that went with it. If this was the best they would be up against, Seika felt relieved, but Dwylar was quick to remind him of his previous encounters with the vile creatures, and to point out their strength lay in the vastness of numbers.
Dwylar kept to himself most of the night. Here and there he had brief conversations with Clancy yet even those were few. He had seen a new strength in Seika, a determination and skill in the wilderness, indeed in all the Sheimas. It brought back memories of travels with Clancy in days gone by. Had the crystal placed these powers in him or could the events of these last several days with the tremendous surges of energy and danger have brought these traits in Seika to the surface? It was a question left to those more learned than he; or so he thought.
Seika had taken charge when he was the one who could lead the company best. He knew the land where the others did not, the trails and pitfalls. He had taken them unto himself and not rejected the leadership or the responsibility. This Sheima once but a farmer, a quiet soul upon the landscape, was born anew. How long would this new life endure?
The time to dawn was winding down. Their limbs were bloodied and sore, scratched and torn. Each step forward was a torturous effort to stay on their feet, each foot falling upon a new enemy of rock and stone, branch and hidden stump. Finally, Seika called a halt. They had traveled many leagues uncounted in the utter blackness which was their only friend, though a friend that caused them just the same to suffer, stumble and fall within its blanket of secrecy. The depths of night were giving way.
"We have reached the point where I am no longer able to lead. This next decision shall be yours and for my part, I will follow you as you have followed me." Seika looked at the others as each in turn nodded their agreement.
Seika raised his hand and pointed. The others had been so weary they had failed to notice their surroundings. They could have stumbled into a wayward patrol and that would have been the end of their adventure.
"There."
The others looked across a rolling field through a narrow band of trees. There, situated but a few rises over was Seika's home. They had traveled the long stretches of the lower Sirris and at last, their first goal was in sight but it was not as they had left it. The fields were trampled and burned, the fences ground to the earth, broken and shattered. The building as well was tattered and torn as if it had been in disrepair for uncounted years. Only the telltale sign of smoke lingering in the motionless airs told the real story of his once proud dwelling. Every stone Dwylar seemed to turn with his eyes; every board, every hole. There was nothing there.
"We have no choice as I see matters. We are out of food, our clothing is battered and what little weapons we have are useless. We must make the attempt now." Dwylar cast his eyes on his companions. "We could make a try for Mr. Clancy's." Chimol looked up at Dwylar. He felt proud of the idea; it was the first he had been able to contribute in days. 
"It is a fine thought Chimol, but we do not have the time. It could take days to reach the Upper Valley and we would still be behind this force. With the larger population there will be more patrols and the risk would be too great to venture. This is the place, and the time."
It was decided. They moved to the edge of the woodline where the trees abruptly stopped. They would have no cover but the fading darkness. It would be dawn shortly. If there indeed were troops stumbling about it would be a short sprint. A sadness crept over Seika. All he owned had now been taken away. He took one more look over the fields and rose lifting his foot over the low brambles. Dwylar rose to follow and stopped as Seika stood frozen. He dropped back to the ground as Seika fell beside him with a resounding thump.
"What is it?"
"Something moved, dropped from sight beyond the second hill into the low spot. It is coming this way."
Their voices went silent as four pairs of eyes studied the hillside, waiting. It was all they could do. They could not run nor did they want to. They had come too far, struggled too long to back away. This was their only hope, maybe their last hope. Dwylar pointed straight ahead as a shape moved toward them, a single form effortlessly covering the distance. It would be here in moments. Without a spoken word they readied their weapons.
Dwylar sheathed a small sword none had known he carried and stepped forward as it fell back under his cloak. Seika straightened to meet with his friend whatever danger he foresaw and stepped from the shadows.  The figure rose up before them stopping but a few steps away. Dwylar's eyes met the others as they stood immobile as two great statues carved from stone as ancient as the very lands on which they stood.
"The way is clear for us. We must go and go quickly." As if magic had kept its secret from their eyes the figure moved forward and revealed itself to them. Eisldor turned and led them down the hill and minutes later, they were inside.


Chapter Six	
Northward

Seika roamed what was left of his home for several long minutes. What remained was in a shambles. His tables were turned over and wrecked, chairs splintered, cupboards torn from the walls were littering the floor. There was nothing left; all his belongings were gone. His house was torn and burned, his fields raped; he had nothing. Slowly, Seika walked over to his hearth, tipped the last remaining chair back on its legs and slumped down staring blankly out into the room.
"Gone! Everything is gone."
The others looked on silently as Seika stared at the remains. They looked forlornly at him each knowing this could, or soon would happen to all of their homes. They turned and started to rummage for anything they could find. Seika did not move a muscle. Dwylar more than the others could feel the loneliness settling deep within his friend. The others could not know the sense of loss he felt, for they may never see what has happened to their lives. Dwylar felt a special kinship to him as he had lived with this threat to his homeland his entire life. These were the forces against which he struggled that his home and his peoples would remain free.
Eisldor remained near the doorway standing guard over his charges. Without cause, he released himself from the watch and strode across the room bringing himself directly in the path of Seika's unseeing stare. Seika brought his eyes down just inches to meet the bright, brilliant glow of Eisldor’s eyes. Their stare locked for just a few moments before Seika rose and engaged the others.
"Chimol. Look to the cupboards to see what food remains. Mr. Clancy, there should be warm clothing in the other room, in the wooden trunk, if it still remains. There may also be some blankets stored there from the winter months." They looked at each other quickly then went about their assigned tasks. Eisldor returned to the door and slipped out into the graying light. Dwylar looked to Seika, slightly surprised.
"Is there something you wish me to do?"
"There is indeed. If you would follow me please."  Seika walked out of the room taking the path Eisldor had taken. Dwylar puzzled, followed him out onto the burnt grasses that surrounded his wrecked home.
Seika was several paces ahead. Dwylar called out but Seika did not break stride. Dwylar overtook him and they walked side by side in silence until they reached a small shack behind the house.
"In here."
Dwylar stared silently at him for a moment, blinked, then followed him inside. He saw nothing other than a shed that was larger than it looked from the outside, its contents as well broken and strewn about. Seika moved to the center and stooped to the well-worn flooring. He removed the primitive knife from his waistband, inserted the tip between two planks and slowly pried up the center board. Dwylar moved in closer, hovering above him.
"In there, you will find a burlap cloth. Wrapped in that sack are things I believe you will find useful to us on our journey." Seika pushed himself off the planks, stood and moved to the side.
Dwylar dropped his head, his eyes following Seika as he moved away. What could he have here that would be useful to us, he thought? They stood silently, Dwylar intently studying Seika more and more surprised by his actions. Finally, the urge to see this hidden treasure overcame him. Dropping to his knees he spread his great cloak aside and reached into the dark hole. There was no searching to be done as he brought back from its depths a heavy object wrapped in a coal-black burlap sack. He could tell by the shape and feel the sack held more than one item.
"What is it, Seika?"
"Open it and you shall likely see that which is familiar."
Dwylar stared at the bundle before him, studying its outline. He could see there was more than one item held within. Gently, he laid open the first fold of the cloth, then the second and his eyes went wide with astonishment.  There lying before him were four swords, each with a special marking and all instantly recognizable.
"Where did you get these?"
"It should be of no mystery to you. They are from Mr. Clancy."
The Searcher looked down again at the items folded in the cloth. There before him lay the swords of the four kingdoms. Dwylar reached down and separated each from the other, carefully moving them around but keeping them on the cloth. He studied them in turn placing them in their proper order. He picked up the final sword lifting it high into the morning airs, a sliver of light glancing off the steel blade. It was the sword of the White Guards of the Snow Kingdom, the palace guards.
"I can accept your explanation only in part. I do not believe Clancy would part with these of his own free will. I ask you again, how did you come by these?"
Seika then related his story. Many years back Mr. Clancy traveled somewhat throughout the Chrystum. On one particular day he had driven a wagon loaded with bags and boxes, treasures of all kinds in the eyes of a young boy, down one of the main roads. This was the last encounter he had had with the two Sheimas previous to Seika's visit weeks ago. He had briefly chatted with them and on departing this bag had fallen from the cart. Seika never returned it afraid of being accused of stealing them. He kept them hidden for many years and on moving to his present home had buried them for safekeeping. That was a long time ago and he had forgotten about them until just minutes before.
"Whatever the reason, I am most grateful for your sudden recollection." Dwylar looked up in surprise. "These are the finest crafted swords in all the known world. They will serve us well." Dwylar folded the precious cargo back in the sack and he tucked them beneath his arm as they returned to the main house.
Dwylar stepped through the door and laid his find down on a table Chimol had quickly repaired. Seika waited just inside the doorway eyeing the destruction one last time. Chimol and Mr. Clancy stepped to the table to see what Dwylar brought back.
"What have we here?"
"Something you have been missing for many a year, old friend. You should be more careful with your belongings."
"We have gathered all the remaining food and clothing we could manage. What have you brought us Dwylar?" Chimol looked down at the black cloth and remembered. His eyes were wide and gleaming as he looked up to Seika, and smiled. Clancy looked at Chimol with a raised eye, still unsure of its contents.
Clancy carefully reached down and unfolded the cloth revealing the hard, bright steel. To their surprise he let out a hearty laugh as his eyes began to water. It was the best thing they could have experienced in the midst of life-altering destruction.
Seika related the story of the swords to Mr. Clancy who in turn had a smile spread across his face. Clancy then offered the reason such a valued item was on a cart in the first place. In the early years after his return the people of the area thought him strange and to help keep up the image he would do odd things just for their amusement. One of these would be to load up his cart with his belongings and drive to nowhere in particular. It was his joke on the locals. On this particular occasion however, it appears the joke was on him.
They had stayed too long and Eisldor reappeared at the doorway to prod them forward. The word was dutifully obeyed and the small company gathered what they had salvaged. The sky was overcast and what little light made its way over the Sirris showed them it would be a gloomy day, a day that would be a long one. They made their way to the door and out onto the porch into the brightening day. They would travel as far as they could to see what was left of their homeland. Even with the coming of the new day it would seem terminally black in their hearts. The darkness of night gave way to the gray of reality as smoke belched upward from the fires as they too, died away. The sun rose fully but never pierced the cloudy skies, never reached the soiled grounds that had been trampled by the weight of the black army.
The travelers wrapped their warm cloaks tightly around them to ward off the chill and headed off to the wood-line. Seika again led the way with Mr. Clancy next, then Chimol and Dwylar bringing up the rear. Eisldor was nowhere in sight. He had vanished as quickly as he had appeared, just when they needed him. It was as if he sensed their need and scouted ahead knowing what danger awaited. This made no sense to Seika and Chimol but Mr. Clancy gave it not a second thought. Perhaps it was his familiarity with Eisldor from years past. He was always there when the need seemed greatest. Dwylar had no comment as usual on his dealings with the white wolf.
Minutes later they were again safely hidden in the bosom of the trees, climbing down to Seika's hidden path and turning north while skirting the fringes of the Middle Valley. Dwylar warned them of the consequences of travel during the daylight. The black creatures would be thick as flies on a dead carcass and if he read the signs correctly, they were in a foul mood. There would be thousands of them they could see and thousands they could not. They were a captured people in a captured land and for all they knew, they were the only free folk left in all the Chrystum. Every road, every path they knew, every hill and valley would be overrun with patrols and spies but daylight was the only way they could accurately gauge the severity with which the black creatures had punished their land. It had to be done, and quickly.
Dwylar was silent as their journey took them in and out of the forested hills. Something was different here than at any other time he had encountered these vile little creatures. He did not understand why, only that the signs of their normal adventuring seemed different. The black ones were a destructive lot by nature but their patterns seemed different. Unable to come to any certain conclusions he stubbornly drove the thoughts from his mind.
They trudged on driving themselves harder than at any time in their lives through the grayness and blight, the sun never touching them with its embrace. They could not see long into their lands as even at the highest points the driving sun was unable to force its way past the gray clouds, smoke and haze. They needed to see more, but they could not move closer. Their only hope to see the pestilence that infested their lands would be from higher up.
Dwylar could see that Seika was faltering. He had led bravely but with the lack of sleep and the driving hunger ripping through his belly his spirit was beginning to wane. He called a halt to the march knowing a respite would do them well.
"We will make for the higher ground to the right,” Dwylar said. “It will afford us an opportunity to rest and eat. It will do us good."
"What else will it do for us?" Chimol slowly raised his head from the blank stare that had been affixed to the ground as he met the Searcher’s eyes. Dwylar could see he was troubled by what had happened to his lands, though they had seen little of it.
"For the three of you unfortunately, it will give you a full look at the destruction that has come down upon your homes, and I am afraid this will become an even darker day in your hearts."
Dwylar ended the stop after a half turn and led them deeper into the gloom of the mountains. The stop though brief was well needed as their spirits lifted enough to bring their heads up. It was what he had hoped for as eyes pointing at the ground would be of no use. They traveled on for another turn keeping to the low spots between the humps of the foothills. They used the forest as cover as long as it was available, dashing for short sprints from clump to clump when it broke. Dwylar wove them carefully into the mountain passes staying above the ravines but below the crests where their silhouettes would pose them as bell-towers in an open plain. Finally, as their hearts again began to sag as their feet and legs were near exhaustion, Dwylar called a halt to the march and the company made camp.
They had traveled many long turns and journeyed miles through forests thick with brambles and stickers, hills and valleys strewn with rock and shale, jutting out sharply to claw at their cloaks as they stumbled by. They were tired and sore, barely able to keep to their feet. The sun had peaked and long since begun its march toward the peaks of the Choale. Twilight surrounded them as they made camp, their backs pushed up against a high bluff, pitted and scarred by the passage of time and the elements.
Mr. Clancy made his way to the edge and in the remaining light looked out over the lands he once called home. Even in the graying light he could make out the devastation that now lay upon his lands. He stood there alone for a time before he was joined by Chimol and Seika. They were three folk of little needs and little means and all they had was brutally taken from them. There was a deep silence emanating from the cliff as their view stretched out over the lands beneath them under darkening skies, the still airs robbing even the stench of the embers from them. Mr. Clancy turned and walked slowly back to the rear and sat down with his head hung low in utter numbness. Seika and Chimol remained at the edge as tears swelled up in their eyes as they fought to keep them from boiling over.
"It is time to come back." Chimol felt Dwylar’s strong hand coming to rest on his shoulder. "You cannot remain here any longer. You may already have been seen. Our only ally is that of secrecy."
"And what of Eisldor?"
"Forgive me, he also is our ally. Come, we must go." Dwylar led them back to the rocks where they wrapped themselves in silence. Dwylar's heart went out to them with a sorrow he had never felt in all his life, through all his long years of searching. He had discovered a valiant people filled with hope and courage, strength and spirit. Qualities he had found in Clancy those many years ago had come again to the surface in these two brave souls. He could bear it no longer. He stood and walked to the north side alone, and wept.

Darkness wrapped the cliff, the clouds breaking as the night airs pushed them south along with the haze of smoke. The stars clear and bold broke through the blanket of the heavens casting their light across the lands. Even in their deep sorrow the light seemed to lift their souls and raise their heads and their hearts firmed. It would be a better night than they first thought.
Dwylar rose and walked over to Seika's pack and through sheer boredom all eyes of the camp followed him. He reached down and withdrew the long black cloth that held the swords of the four kingdoms.
"I do not understand why I had not thought of this before. With all these weapons we carry we have been virtually defenseless. I apologize for my oversight." He unwrapped the bundle laying the swords out in the starlight.  "Since I possess a weapon already the three of you may choose the sword which suites you best. I will take the remaining one."
Dwylar then he backed away as Seika, Chimol and Mr. Clancy slowly moved over to the glistening steel lying on the ground. Mr. Clancy stepped back allowing the other two to make their choice. Chimol knelt down to study the blades and their intricate markings. He chose a blade with the markings of a sail crossed with sleek wings. Seika in turn chose that which was marked with braided lacings and a hawk’s head. Mr. Clancy then stepped forward and knelt in the dirt.
"I choose the sword of the Guards of the Rim Kingdom, the southern-most defense of the lands of men." He then stood clutching the remaining sword. Clancy walked over to Dwylar and presented it to him. "You my friend are left with the sword of the Eastern Kingdom." Clancy then presented to Dwylar a sword of cold steel, slim of blade with a stout handle marked with the head of a stallion rising from the hilt.
"You have chosen well my friends. Tell me," Dwylar said, "why have you chosen that which you now possess?"
"This sword reminds me of my cousin Camdir,” Chimol said. “He is one of the few Sheimas who has a love for the seas. He is thought to be strange in our lands."
"That which you have chosen is the sword of the Western Sea Kingdom. And you, Seika?"
"It is obvious even to me that this is the sword of the Northern Kingdom. I have chosen it out of respect for you and all that you have done for us."
"You chose yours over the sword you have given Dwylar, Mr. Clancy. Does it hold something special to you?"
"It does indeed, though I do believe I shall leave that story for another time." Clancy looked to Dwylar and their eyes met, Dwylar’s face strained beneath a knitted brow.
"Tell us about these swords Dwylar." Chimol said as he stepped closer. "They are not as large as I thought they would be for swords of the men-folk. I do not understand."
"They are indeed small compared to a normal battle sword Chimol." Dwylar rose, bringing forth the weapon of the Eastern Kingdom. "But these are very special tools in the four kingdoms. Each of these happen to be the swords of the palace guards of their respective kingdoms."
"How would such a small sword help one in open battle?” Chimol looked down to study his new charge. "It does not seem to be large enough."
"They are for close quarter fighting, my friend. They are not for open field battles. Each of these are the last defense of the kings they protect. They are not ceremonial swords though they have that look. Crafted by the finest smithies of their lands they are most formidable weapons. Exactly how Clancy came about these, I do not think I wish to know."
"Strong of blade and firm of hilt, there are no finer."  Dwylar drew the eastern sword holding it high into the night airs. He stopped short, quickly turning away from the others and drew the sword close upon his breast.
Chimol started to speak, but Dwylar held his hand up for silence. Seika joined Dwylar by his side with his own sword raised. Several long, drawn moments passed, the kind which causes even the stoutest of heart to wither and fall prey to the demons welling up inside him bringing fears and doubt strong enough to rip him apart and steal his very soul. Chimol and Clancy quickly joined them with their own weapons drawn in the heart of enemy lands, those lands which were once their own.
Dwylar took his eyes from ahead and watched Seika as his arm lowered and the sword of the Snow Kingdom fell from his hand. Seika stood there with his eyes closed and a look of serenity across his face. He walked to the southern side of the bluff, around a large boulder and disappeared from sight. The others stepped closer. Dwylar could bear it no longer and ran after Seika. There is evil here in this place, he thought. Seika has come under some spell.
Dwylar rounded the large rock and stopped short as his eyes tried to pierce the darkness as the others were quickly by his side. They too stopped and looked in wonderment. Seika knelt before a large shadow in the night with only a few feet separating them. His hand was outstretched, only inches away from the other. He rose and turned to face them and the shadow walked to his side into the light of the starry night. They returned to the face of the cliff and prepared for a night’s sleep, one that was desperately needed by all. They bedded down and Seika and Chimol were soon asleep. Clancy and Dwylar kept near each other, talking softly.
"What do you make of this?"
"Make of it? I have never seen the like in all my travels. He has never spoken to another that I know of, save for Shirim."
"When was the last encounter you had with him?" Clancy had not heard this name in many a year.
"Perhaps a year ago. We traveled through the Silent Forest and into Weredor. We spoke with him for several days and consulted the Books of Talar. Therein, we discovered the final clue to the crystal, that which brought me to the Chrystum. Only then have I seen him speak with another. For several minutes they conversed, the subject I could only guess for Shirim would not unfold to me their thoughts." Dwylar and Clancy turned as one toward their guardian. There lay Eisldor, large and white, looming over them as protector.
"It is queer indeed. How do you suppose Seika knew of his presence?"
"I do not know. I believe it must have something to do with the crystal. He is not the same as before, not since the light washed his face. He is changing and in him is the power of the light. There can be no other answer."
They spoke for several more minutes but the power of sleep was more than they could overcome. Their bodies were racked with pain and their wounds, the cuts and scrapes, bruises and tears began to ingrain themselves deeply on their spirits. They slept through the night with nothing to disturb them as Eisldor kept a constant vigil.

*    *    *

The rain beat hard against the tent sides as the Krulgan commander paced endlessly. His two companions watched impatiently, annoyed to still be up this late at night.
"What troubles you, Ceydar?"
"This had better be quick. I do not relish being kept away from my own tent and my own bunk. Why have you sent your guards for us?"
"The words of the Dol-shar have no hidden meaning. We must find this `searcher' of theirs."
Karsh looked to his equal seated beside him. Marthon returned the look. Each had his own thoughts as to where they would rather be at this hour, but the sooner they could dispense of Ceydar's fears the sooner they could return to their own camps.
"How do you propose we find this, ‘searcher’? We do not even know what he looks like. I do not see how this is possible."
"That is because you are a stupid oaf, Karsh. I am the one directly in charge of this search but neither of your forces have been of any help." Ceydar stopped his pacing as he peered directly down at the others.
"Watch your tongue, old one. There are those that would have your head for a remark against me." Marthon kept his place. It would only be a matter of time before one of them would be dead and he would be that much closer to command of the entire army.
"Think,” Ceydar yelled. “Use the pitiful excuse you call a brain. We are looking for a man. A man, Karsh. How many men are in this desolate valley? There can be only one; all the rest are these strange folk. How hard can it be to spot one man? It seems my troops are the only ones actually hunting him. Your troops are only interested in looting and burning. Nothing else! I assure you if we do not find this one man, mine will not be the only head perched atop a war pole. Yours will also accompany mine and someone else will command your armies."
"Who? There is no one else capable to oversee and run these forces but the three of us."
"Do not underestimate the power of these Dol-shar, Karsh." Marthon looked over to his fellow chief. "They may not need anyone. They could run these forces themselves. Heed what Ceydar says, he may be correct."
Karsh looked sullenly to the ground. In his black heart he knew they were right. They could control their forces without ever leaving their camps. They had tremendous powers, these wizards. They were not to be trifled with.
"I will do as you ask. I will concentrate more on this hunt. But do not threaten me, Ceydar. I do this for my own reasons. I would have no grief to see your head strung high upon a banner." Karsh had had enough. With those remarks he stood, brushing the dirt from his garment and stormed out the tent flap to return to his own camp for a shorter than desirable sleep. Marthon left just a few minutes later, in the other direction.

*    *    *

They all slept well that night though they wished it could have lasted a few turns more. Eisldor had let them sleep slightly past dawn, then gently awakened each with a nuzzle. It would be a clear and bright day the first in several making it easier for them to maneuver through the narrow trails. It would also be that much easier for them to be seen. The sun broke across the mountains and washed the sky with a brilliant hue. The colors lifted their spirits as the skies were cleansed from the gray of smoke and haze of the previous days. They cooked breakfast over a low fire. It had been the first hot meal they shared in days and it went down quickly as the warmth lit a fire in their bellies.
"You look troubled, Chimol. What say you?"
"There has been something bothering me, though I have not been able to quite place it until now."
"What have you now decided?" Clancy replied.
"It is the burning and the haze of the smoke. It is troubling to me."
"I know it is troubling to see your homeland in such strife, but this is the way of the black creatures." Dwylar stretched out his powerful arm and placed a gentle hand on Chimol's shoulder. "They are an invading army, and this is what such an army will do."
"It is not just that Dwylar. I am sad in my heart for those we have left behind and I am angry to see what has become of my land, and my peoples, but there is more. Have you not noticed it?"
"Noticed what Chimol?" Seika's interest now peaked.
"We have seen no flames. Only the torches they carry have shown any fire. There has been none among the wreckage."
It was as if a door in his mind to this point locked shut had suddenly been forced open. Dwylar understood. He understood all too well.
"You are quite right, there has been no visible fire, no flame to this point," Dwylar answered.
"What do you think it means?" Clancy looked wide-eyed toward Dwylar.
"I fear it is the magic of the Dol-shar. They are looking for something, and I believe that something is the crystal, or me." A look of consternation slowly washed across Dwylar's face. It was a look they had not seen upon him to this point. What if they found them, found Dwylar and the crystal. What purposes could they use its power to unfold if they combined their power with it, and what would become of their friend? Each had been so caught up with their own survival they had begun to forget who they most could not afford to lose. Dwylar’s survival was paramount to their success. Each of them was expendable. Dwylar's safety alone could ensure their victory over the dark lords.
"I still do not understand why we have not seen flames Dwylar."
"It is simple, so simple it is most often the first to be forgotten. The only way to find magic, is with magic. The Dol-shar are using theirs to hunt us down. We have been lucky to this point. I fear it will not be long before they begin to search the mountain passes. It is the one thing they have overlooked to now. I do not think it will be so much longer."
"What do you suggest?"
"These passes have served us well and we shall not abandon them as yet, though we must be more careful from this point forward."
"There is another path we will take." Seika looked to Dwylar, then to the others. "It is one I do not think even you know of Chimol." This caught Chimol's interest and he leaned forward to listen more closely. "I am afraid though it will take us away from our lands and we will no longer be able to observe the black army. We will travel deep in the mountains and cross over to the other side of the Sirris."
"I do not wish to lose all track of this force though I think our safety is of the utmost importance. The crystal should not fall into the wrong hands." Intrigued, Dwylar looked over to Seika. "What is your plan?"
"I think we should journey down the east side of the foothills along the edges of the Far Wilderness and up to the Barrier Forest. This will give us our best chance and keep us as far away from them as possible. Once we arrive at the forest, the next course we choose shall be yours. I know not the lands beyond the Barrier. It shall be your choice, and Mr. Clancy's."
"Well, I am glad someone offers me a say in matters."
Chimol looked at Mr. Clancy and laughed. He felt the same way. They finished their meal in the company of Eisldor and prepared to leave. Seika, Chimol, and Mr. Clancy walked to the edge of the bluff. It would be the last look upon their homeland for some time, though it was a memory they would carry it in their hearts forever. Two turns after the sun crested the Sirris peaks the company got underway, a sadness filling them on leaving the Chrystum. They had no choice.
Dwylar and Eisldor had ‘spoken' for some minutes. Eisldor would accompany them for a time and scout the trails ahead. Dwylar would follow Seika, then Clancy. Chimol would take up the position as rear guard. He wanted to do something other than simply walk along looking at the ground. Dwylar thought the experience would be good for him, and as he saw it, there was little danger at this point. He would keep an eye on him though. They withdrew from the bluff and started their trek deeper into the mountains, the sky overhead ablaze in vibrant azure.
Eisldor led the way down into the same ravine they had traveled the previous day. The bright sun lit their way through the shadows deep in the woods. They traveled for several turns and many leagues as they gradually wove their way deeper into the rocks, the forests of the mountains thinning until all that was left were sheer walls of rock and stone to guide them and hide them from prying eyes.
It was noon when they made camp and a full meal was prepared for all, including Eisldor. Travel had not been as tiresome as in the previous days. They were well rested and the dutiful stare of the white wolf would keep all harm from them even from reaching into their dreams. They rested perhaps a half turn as the high sun beat down upon them to the point where for the first time in days they had to take some of their clothes off to be comfortable. It was a welcome change from the overcast skies that had encumbered them. It was time for Eisldor to leave though Dwylar knew he would be near if the need should arise.
Seika called them together to explain the path they would take. It was a different huddle than they had known, everyone for the first time in days was relaxed as Chimol leaned back casually, his head propped up on his arms as he lay in the low grasses still fresh of new growth. They were nearly half way up the eastern side of the Middle Valley. At their present rate it would take them several more days to reach the lower regions of the Barrier Forest, then another day to gain the furthest combs of the Upper Valley. It would be a demanding journey if all went well but haste was their present need.
Seika revealed the course he had chosen. They would make tracks deep into the Sirris range cutting directly across the face of Mount Khourne, the highest and most central peak in all the eastern range. The danger would be minimal compared to running openly from the black creatures. Seika had been there three times before, once barely escaping with his life. For all the majesty and beauty of the Sirris range, this was the one place equal in treachery to the more looming, and dangerous, Choale Mountains.
"I know of this place." Seika's eyes went wide as Dwylar looked at him with a whisper of a smile stretched across his lips.
"But how? Few have ever tried the journey to Khourne. It is a place wrought with trials of every kind."
"You forget Seika. There are few places in all the lands I have not been. In many I have been welcome, in others not. Even into the depths of the Great Southern Wastelands have I traveled. I know this place though not as well as you, but Khourne and I are not strangers."
"That is good. It will give us three that have faced Khourne and lived to tell of it."
"You also Mr. Clancy?" Seika was again surprised.
"Yes, though it is many years since I have been there and the days of my youth are long since past.”
"It would seem I am the only one who has not passed beneath the shadows of Khourne." Chimol sat up quickly looking at the others. "It shall be in fine company that I make my first journey to its feet."
"We shall do more than just travel to Khourne's feet, Chimol. I intend to pass over the northern side of the mountain, halfway to its height. It is the only pass that winds through the region. All others are deadly and hopelessly impassable. It is fortunate you and Mr. Clancy gathered clothes in my cabin as we will enter the lower boundaries of snow. We will need the extra warmth and by the end of tomorrow we should be on the other side.”
It was time to leave. They gathered their packs and removed any traces of their encampment scattering the ashes from the fire to the breaths of the four winds. It would be a taxing journey, easy at first as they had little worries of patrols scouting these regions. Chimol though was eager to show the others he was more than capable of guarding their flank. He would disappear at times from the trail, a tip he picked up from watching Dwylar to make certain they were not being shadowed. He would wait to see any followers then try to make sure they had not left a visible trail. He was getting quite adept at it actually, though Dwylar at first was uncomfortable with his brief absences. He finally resigned himself to the fact that this was the course Chimol had chosen and all the steps he was taking were necessary.
Mr. Clancy and Seika decided brief stops would help keep them rested and their spirits high. They would no longer push themselves to exhaustion. They would be safer and make better time staying fresh. Seika often consulted with Mr. Clancy as to the best direction to take along the short paths though it was not necessary to discuss the longer road as Seika had already decided that course.
They took one last rest just two turns from the foot of the mountain. They would arrive just after sundown, make camp, and start their assault on Khourne in the morning. Chimol joined them after a quarter turn, nearly out of breath. He had been gone a long time.
"We have been followed. How, I do not know. We left no traces for any to follow."
"Have you seen them? How many are there?" Dwylar rose, moving closer. He wanted to question him thoroughly.
"Are we in any danger now? We had better push on and try to cover ourselves in the night."
"That will not be necessary Mr. Clancy. I think we may have already lost him."
"Just one Chimol? Are you sure?"
"Quite sure Dwylar. Just one, and a big one at that. He was as a full size man-folk, tall and narrow of waist though he moved as a hillcat. I could catch but a few short glimpses of him as he moved. I believe he knew of us but then moved off in another direction."
"He could be a stray tracker."
"I do not think that to be the case, Seika. A tracker in these lands would most likely be one of your folk out of the valley. A man-folk as you call us, would have no business here in these lands."
"Who else would wander here?"
"One of two folk I can think of. A Qualeman of the north country, or a traitor to our peoples that has sold his services to the Dol-shar, or, he may be one in the same."
"Is there anything else you can recall of him?"
"Only one other thing Mr. Clancy. He wore what appeared to be a cloak similar to Dwylar’s." All heads immediately turned to examine his, one they had seen constantly over these past few days. "It seemed to shimmer as he moved, almost glow at times, then appear dark and still. However I could not guess its color."
Dwylar took all this in, his mind racing into his past to remember any such person but He could recall none.
"What of these Qualemen Dwylar? Who are they?"
"They are a roving band of men scattered across the northern reaches of the Flatlands and the open plains of the Eastern Kingdom. They have no particular home I know of though they often take shelter for short periods of time in Valeforth, the lone city of Saranor."
"What do they do?"
"They are hunters and trappers mostly Seika. They owe allegiance to no king though for many years they have helped to protect the Plains Kingdom from the Krulgan marauders. They answer only to the call of their leader of sorts, Dovelorn. In all the long years they have asked for no payment save free passage over the lands; this one request granted by the Prince of Baldorn. It is difficult for me to believe any of them would have betrayed his people."
"In any event, it is time for us to move on. If we are indeed being followed we should remove ourselves from sight. Darkness will arrive shortly; it will be our best cover."
All nodded agreement toward Mr. Clancy and prepared to leave. Dwylar decided he would join Chimol as rear guard for a while. He wanted to see for himself who may be following them. They reached the foot of Khourne after sunset as total darkness settled in obscuring their presence. Dwylar was satisfied they had either lost their tracker or he had given up and simply wandered away. They were once more safe, deep in the folds of the Sirris Mountains.

*    *    *

"Is there any word from the scouts?"
"Not to this point, Commander. Only one of them has returned and he sighted nothing."
"Where was his search?" Ceydar paced slowly.
"On the fringe of the woodland and the very small slopes of the foothills."
"How high up in the valley?"
"Near the arc as the trees run toward the upper valley, sir."
"And what of those searching the mountains? What have they found? Any trace at all?"
The sentinel rocked back on to his heels, his eyes wide as he realized what his answer would be.
"There are no scouts in the mountains."
Ceydar went white with rage pulling forth his broadsword and lowering it to the face across from him.
"The next words you speak may cost you your life, you pitiful fool." Ceydar's voice could be heard across the entire compound, his rage hidden to no one. "Why are they not searching the mountains?" Ceydar bellowed, his spittle drenching the trembling guard.
The guard swallowed hard, his eyes limply meeting Ceydar's. 
"They are afraid to enter the hills, my lord."
"Guard! Guard!" Two sentinels rushed to the tent and deftly slipped inside to Ceydar's howl. "Take this pitiful excuse for a...just get him out of here. Now!"
The two guards dragged the lifeless form from the tent, a large hole savagely rammed through its chest as blood poured forth leaving a trail through the opening. The guards reappeared minutes later at attention, their backs ramrod straight.
"I am in search of an answer. Pray to whatever miserable gods you have it is not the same as the last I heard or your fates will be the same. Why have the mountains not been searched?" The two guards glanced quickly at each other unsure as to what would serve them best. Finally one of them spoke.
"They were told to stay to the valley and its close areas sir." The guard’s gravelly voice weak as he stared at his commander.
"Who would be stupid enough to give such an order? Ceydar bellowed. Answer me!"
"It was one of the slinking creatures of the Dol-shar." Sheerd stepped forward and raised his head. "They said not to search in the mountains. They said our prey would not be there."
Ceydar went into a rage nearly throwing the two guards through the walls of the tent. He stormed around throwing nearly everything he could get his hands on. Finally, red-faced and sweating hard, he slumped to his chair.
"Those miserable little creatures. If I could I would kill every one of them myself." He looked up to Sheerd. "Direct half the scouting parties to concentrate their search in the mountains. Half of them will take the western range, the others the eastern."
"It is not something they will like, sir. Most are afraid of what roams the mountains."
"Do not speak to me of cowards. Send then only the bravest into the hills. In a scouting party they should have no fears. Now go."
The two guards eagerly left Ceydar's tent and scurried off to deliver the new orders. Sheerd smiled knowing he had placed the blame where he knew it would benefit him the most, even though it was a lie.
Ceydar again went to pacing his tent, the light from the fire inside casting his shadow upon its walls showing his presence to all giving pause as an eerie silence invaded the encampment. He knew their fears though he thought they were unfounded. The white spirit that traveled the hills at night had more than taken its share of his troops. Many had been found, torn and mutilated, often beyond recognition. Some say it is but a wolf that roams but most fear it is a white spirit that haunts this cursed land. It could not be helped. So he had to sacrifice a few more; he had to find that which eluded him. He could waste no more time. His body tired and his mind wrenched he could put off sleep no longer and the Krulgan leader lay down for the night.

*    *    *

The sky above Mount Khourne was clear and bright, the stars glistening in the consuming blackness. Their light dimly lit the grounds at the feet of the mountain but enough to let the travelers find their way in the darkness. Dwylar, satisfied they had lost their tracker let Chimol light a fire. They shared a meal, warm and filling and settled in for the night. Lighter spirits surrounded the fire as their hearts were lifted by the light and the conversation. It had been days since their talk had not centered on their journey and the path ahead. Instead, Dwylar talked of his lands and customs, some of which brought sheer delight to the younger Sheimas while others, they clearly did not believe. Mr. Clancy was there to assure them they were all true.
Eisldor had not been seen the entire day. This was a good sign as Seika saw it. If they were truly in danger he was sure the white one would most certainly be standing guard. He now understood Eisldor’s presence, or thought he did, and he felt safe in his absence.
Chimol and Seika were interested in the stories of Eirlorn, the capitol and chief city of the Northern Kingdom. Dwylar told them of the fortress, its city surrounded by walls of stone as smooth as glass that terminated at massive gates that let the only road into the city pass. It was a wide and well-kept thoroughfare through which all that sustained the city and the palace traveled.
Dwylar spoke of the tradition and protocol when addressing the king in audience. Once you have been accepted by the Guardians of the Throne and been announced you would be guided into the throne room and seated at the rear left to await his council. After you have been announced a second time you will be escorted before the king and his advisors. There, before you may speak you will be asked whatever questions His Majesty sees fit. You must at that point not speak of any other matters than those questions put to you, even the business you have come to speak of. If you have been able to hold your tongue, at this point your request shall be heard by His Majesty.
"What would they ask of you if they did not know why you have come?" Chimol looked quizzically at Dwylar, not fully understanding.
"My lord Sheylor is a wise and benevolent ruler. There is little that escapes his eyes and his thoughts. Some say he is almost himself a wizard, though I do not believe this to be true. He will question one on all sorts of things, some you may feel have nothing to do with why you have come.  Through this he will learn about you and be better able to judge you and your cause. He will listen intently to your words, take counsel from the Wizards of the Realm, and render his judgment."
"You have had counsel with him many times, have you not?" The firelight danced across the Searcher’s eyes as they huddled around the warmth of the low fire.
"Yes Seika, but not in this fashion. Audience is held nearly every day. Only the people of the kingdom and outsiders are brought forth in this fashion. Members of his army and those of the palace are not addressed in this manner. They are brought to the Chamber of Counsels off the main hall. This is the way it shall be when we arrive. We will march directly to the palace and take council with His Majesty."
The night grew darker still and they chose the watch for the night. It would be a big day ahead of them and a challenge to their physical limits but it was now time to sleep. Seika took the first watch; he would awaken Mr. Clancy after two turns. They would sleep eight turns allowing six for each to regain his strength, then a light meal in the morning before the sun would awaken the world.
Seika sat on his perch wondering what it would be truly like to stand before a king in his house. He could see in his mind the splendor of the palace, the ornate trappings and trimmings, polished floors and sunlight shining brightly through large windows massed above long hallways. Dwylar said they would sleep in large rooms, the walls covered with ancient tapestries each telling a different story within the fabric of its weave. He saw bright colors splashed throughout the rooms, a large bed, soft and warm with a blazing fire trapped in the hearth. Oh how good a real bed would feel to his tired body with clean linens and piled blankets that would let no warmth escape into the night with large soft pillows surrounding his head.
He shook off the thoughts weaving through his mind; it was time to be alert. Even the slightest mistake could mean never seeing the wondrous palace he dreamed of. He took a minute, closed his eyes and cleared all thoughts from his head. It was indeed wondrous. He could reach out with his mind somehow seeing all that was about them. These sights had been coming to him more each day, and each day they were clearer and more distinct. He did not tell the others; it was something he thought he should keep to himself for the time being. He opened his eyes to the darkness, his watch begun under the moonless night.
The night passed without incident each taking their turn as sentry, nothing of exception to note, except for Chimol who tumbled off his rock when he fell asleep and hit the ground with a resounding thud. Other than that it was a peaceful night. Still, the morning sun came much too quickly. The first light was barely visible from the east when Dwylar woke the others for breakfast. It was their last chance to rest until they crossed the treacherous paths of Khourne and were safely on its far side.
They picked up their packs, donned the rest of their gear and as they had done many times before removed any evidence of their campsite. It would take a master woodsman to discover some sign of a disturbed area. Seika and Mr. Clancy studied the path they would travel from the lower reaches of the mountain. They plotted out the course as best as they could from this vantage point. The sun broke above the peaks into a clear blue morning blasting orange pillars of fire across the pristine sky.
Seika led the way followed by Mr. Clancy, then Dwylar, Chimol again acting as rear guard. It would be different for him here on the mountain’s face. He could not afford to stray far behind. The face of Khourne was treacherous; the slightest mistake on his part and he would be dead. The company would have little time to search and no time to bury him. This journey must be made in the light. No one of any race, no matter how skilled could survive a night on this mountain. Chimol would have to learn to hide among the rocks, the holes and creases, picking only the best places to observe any scout that may be following them.
Khourne was a high mountain unmeasured by any of the folk in these lands. The lower passes were easily traversed often lulling unfamiliar wanderers into a false sense of security, pulling the traveler ever higher until the jaws of the mountain would snap shut cutting their retreat and blocking their forward path. Seika knew enough to stay away from many of its cruel traps which is why he had chosen the north slope. It was the easiest to pass as the ground graded more gently than the others, the trails wider and less rocky.
They set out keeping to the lower trails in the dimmer early light, then after two turns with the sun fully above the mountains Seika altered their course into the higher rocks. These trails were easy with little loose rock and stone with only low grasses snapping at their boot heels. As they rose with the earth the trails grew rougher, the paths not so wide and as four turns had come and gone Seika called a halt. They would need a brief respite as the rest of the journey would prove much more difficult. He also thought he should consult with Mr. Clancy.
Dwylar withdrew back down the trail to find Chimol. As he rounded the last boulder along a short section of the trail he looked down, a broad smile coming across his face.
"Well, what do we have here?" There lay Chimol, face down in the dirt. Chimol pushed downward with his arms and raised his head.
"Um, hello."
"Is there anything I may do for you?"
"I am fine, just slipped when I was trotting up the trail." He looked up, embarrassed, then rose and released his feet from the tangle of weeds that had caught them and brushed himself down.
"Is there anything you have seen of late Chimol, other than the dirt, I mean?"
Chimol shot a tart glance up to the large man, then a short smile.
"No. There is nothing back there, we have not been followed, at least not that I could tell."
"Well, I think your job for the moment is no longer needed. I do not think there will be anyone trying to observe us on the mountain. If Seika is correct, the travel will become more difficult and I think we should remain together. You have done a fine job to this point. Come, let us rejoin the others."
They walked back up the path the hundred yards or so, turned right around a large jutting of stone and came up to the others who were still in conversation.
"Have you reached a decision in this matter, my fine fellows?"
"We have indeed. We will continue on this path a few minutes, then turn right and take the next higher series of ledges. We will take them only a few yards as they are a slippery outcrop and the rain of a few days ago may have made them worse. After that, we shall have a brief respite. If I remember correctly there is a shallow trough higher up after the ledges. It is not long, but it will give us a chance to have a meal before we assault the higher elevations."
"Then I think we should go now."
As they started through the winding pass it grew slightly more tangled though it was nothing that slowed them down; it simply forced them to work a little harder. The sun was climbing high, the light bathing them with its warmth and even in the higher trails they were working up a good sweat. Seika turned from the path and began scrambling up a series of slopes covered with loose rock. It was a tricky climb with their feet often slipping and at one point Mr. Clancy slid several yards past Dwylar, stopping only when the elder Sheima bowled Chimol over. After a half turn they reached solid ledges and had a place to stand a few moments to gather their composure and brush themselves off.
"We have reached the ledges,” Seika cautioned them. “This tract will be dangerous. They are covered with slippery moss and they do not stick out far from the cliff. Please be very careful!"
They stared blankly at each other, then down at the narrow ledges and decided Seika had not exaggerated. It was suggested they tie themselves together with the rope Chimol had brought, but Dwylar vetoed the idea. If one would fall there was no solid object for any of them to grab. If one went down they would each in turn follow and their quest would end here, on the northern face of Khourne.
Dwylar being the heaviest led the way. His weight would give the others assurance the rock would not crumble beneath them. He also wanted to lead for a while. It was his nature to scout dangerous places and to keep others from harm. With the ledge but a few feet wide they passed with their backs to the cliff, heels brought tight up against the rock, their toes only inches from a sheer drop of hundreds of feet. They slid along shuffling their feet slowly as they went knowing the slightest mistake would be enough to take their life. Chimol occasionally tested the slick green moss with the bottom of his boot.
Dwylar tested along the way, putting extra weight at each step that looked somewhat weak. As he passed, he would call out creases and other handholds which the others could use. Mr. Clancy was more than grateful. It had been a long time since he had done anything like this. He was sweating profusely under the strain. They tried looking out over the terrain to keep from getting dizzy, but their footholds were tenuous at best and they found themselves concentrating on their feet. Mr. Clancy moved along and bumped into Seika unexpectedly and quickly gasped, frozen in his place.
"Dwylar! Dwylar!"
Dwylar stopped and looked back; there stood Seika and Clancy side by side, Seika, his eyes closed, not moving at all. He made his way back to help sure Seika had frozen and would need someone to talk to him to get him to relax. Dwylar moved back until he was on Seika's right with Seika now caught between them.
"Are you all right Seika?"
They stood there with no answer forthcoming.
"Open your eyes Seika and take a few deep breaths, it will help clear your mind." Clancy looked up to Dwylar, concern etched deeply into his face. Chimol had now come up behind Mr. Clancy.
"Seika, open your eyes!" Dwylar commanded.
Seika slowly opened his eyes; they were clear and firm, a calm washed across his face. Dwylar seemed to relax, staring out over the other mountains.
"We are in danger."
"Of course we are; we are a thousand feet up a damn mountain on a ledge." Mr. Clancy looked hard at Seika, not pleased with this new information. Seika's face remained impassive.
"I do not think that is what he means Clancy." Dwylar looked closely at Seika as a new thought entered his mind. "What do you see Seika?"
"Another of those black birds to the west; far off."
They all looked west at the same time. Dwylar suddenly leaped forward and in the blink of an eye the snow-hawk flew high circling west away from Khourne.
"We should keep moving while he is away. I'm sure he will find us."
"Your idea is well taken Chimol. If we are indeed in danger being out on this ledge will give us no cover."
They moved on as before, Seika now leading as Dwylar had done pointing out grips for them to use. At only one point had they faced any real danger. Chimol slipped on the wet ledge and only a small, stout limb jutting out from the rock saved him from a fall. He was able to grab on with both hands until Seika and Mr. Clancy could position themselves to haul him back up. Chimol was sweating, his head pounding and his eyes wide with fright. After a few minutes he was able to regain his composure and follow the others. The final hundred yards had taken longer than a full turn to traverse. They were at last able to break from the ledge as they were forced to jump the final few feet as the ground had broken away leaving them nothing to step on. Each hit the rocks across the gap and scrambled up onto a small plateau. Although they were rattled and breathing hard, they were finally safe.
They rested briefly trying to gather their spirits, spirits that had been brutally stripped from them on the march across the ledges as death stared them in the face with every step. Dwylar returned just as they were beginning to move again, slipping from the sky with barely a wisp of noise, the wind fluttering his feathers.
"What have you seen Dwylar?" Clancy rose to his feet greeting his friend, eager to hear any news he could bring.
"Seika's vision was correct, we are, or could have been, in a great deal of danger." Seika's ears perked up at the news. "One of those black, buzzard creatures was circling just to the west of us. If it had come closer we would have been easily spotted."
"But you could have defeated it as you did the last one."
"Perhaps, perhaps not Chimol. It was my good fortune in the first battle that I caught it unaware of my presence. I do not know if I could defeat another if the odds were equal. I have never encountered one like it and I would not like to do so again."
"What has become of it?"
"It has moved off to the north. It looks as if it is searching for something; most likely us. There is another thing you should all know." They were all on their feet by this time and had moved closer to Dwylar. "The black creatures have started to patrol the mountains. We could not have chosen a more opportune time to begin this crossing. I am now certain we are being hunted; they would not be here if they did not have to be. We are indeed in grave danger."
It was as if they had suddenly discovered a great misdeed. They had all secretly hoped they had guessed wrong and their enemy had not known of them, or of their quest. They had hidden the truth from themselves and with these few words spoken aloud the blindness was lifted from their eyes. They were a hunted company; the slightest mistake on their part could lead to their grievous doom. Only the belief in themselves and the course they had chosen kept their hearts from sinking altogether. They knew the path they had chosen to be their best, their only hope of survival, their only hope of fulfilling the quest of the Searcher.

*    *    *

This is the next step, then all I have to do is to find them and I will be rewarded, a captain of the army! Seeth strove to fight the excitement welling up from deep inside as he made his way across the army's forward right. The army now encompassed the whole of the Middle Valley and was pressed to storm into the upper reaches of the Chrystum, these pitiful folk scattering before them as ants before a firestorm. He would show them, a true leader he thought of himself, the commander that would bring down the armies of men. He walked proudly along their ranks stopping occasionally to chat with those he knew, though he had few friends he knew many, and had still more enemies.
It took a full turn to make his way to where Ceydar had been directing the forward march, keeping his news only to himself. He strode smartly up to the central bulge in the rolling plain where the commander of the Krulgan army of the Mardons, general of the black army was seated high on a black stallion.
"Commander!"
Ceydar turned slightly on his horse, lowering his eyes to one of his personal guards. "Yes? What is it?"
"I have important news, sir."
"Spit it out slug, I have no time for your guessing games!"
"We have some good news in our search."
Ceydar turned his steed abruptly landing its legs squarely in front of Seeth. Seeth stood his ground, not giving up even an inch.
"So, you are fearless as well Seeth. Perhaps I have misjudged you. Tell me, what have you found?"
"We have found tracks not more than a day old of a small band, perhaps four or five, cutting through the lower hills and working their way toward the mountains."
"So, we have been looking in the wrong place. How deep into the hills have they traveled?"
"I am not certain at this time. I have a patrol sweeping the path. I will know by sunset their course, or if they have turned away from the peaks."
"This is good news. Perhaps there is a future for you after all. Bring me what news you can of your search after the sun falls. Now be off with you, I have work to do."
Ceydar turned his black horse to again see the advance and to make adjustments in his front lines. They would storm into the valley after sun-up; he wanted everything to be set. He would not care for any surprises though he thought little of these valley people and there would be nothing they could do to stop his army. He rode away, spraying dirt on his guard.
Seeth turned, a sly grin to his face. His plan was taking the course he had laid. He, and only he would deliver any news of the company he was tracking. This would insure he received all the credit. He quickly made his way back along the forward lines in a more than jovial mood, stopping briefly here and there among groups of tired soldiers. The return journey to the hill line was more direct; he wanted to be sure no news escaped him. He reached his posted sentry after less than a full turns walk. No new word was there to greet him but he had time, more he judged than did his prey.

*    *    *

They seemed more pressed than before, their pace faster than it had been even in the face of Khourne. There was real danger on this mountain, though they faced even greater danger at the hands of the black army and the Dol-shar.
They made their way through a narrow cleft in the mountainside, a respite from the danger of the ledges and the openness that surrounded them. Here they would be able to make good time hidden from view though it would not be long enough and the end of the trough came all too quickly. It was the last of the best cover they would have. The rocks broke away and the sky opened up, bright and blue with only spotty clouds in a high sky.
They climbed high into the mountain scrambling over loose rock and stone along invisible paths they chose for themselves, Chimol all along keeping an eye on the skies for one of the black birds.
The higher elevations soon made their presence known as the airs were thinner and their sweating more profuse even in the cooler reaches of the mountain. The cold made its own gnawing presence known as their fingers and feet quickly grew numb. After only two turns the struggle to breath and the biting cold were beginning to wear heavily on them. Even the stalwart Dwylar began to have trouble keeping his pace. Small stones became boulders for their feet to stumble over, branches and twigs reaching out from small bushes grabbing at their legs and ankles and ripping their clothing.
They were having difficulty but the Sheimas would not allow their weakness to show in the face of danger and they would not allow Dwylar to see them falter. They were becoming his strength, his support. He had traveled his lifetime in fulfillment of this quest and they would not be the cause of its demise. Clancy looked up to the summit that was now in full view. He watched as the snows reached out for them, coming down to snare them in its white blanket. They were on the verge of the snowfield, their feet now trampling the melting snow as they walked as the sky began to darken as the sun dropped quickly toward the west.
"We are later than we had hoped. We must hurry on if we are to make this pass successful. We could not survive a night on Khourne; the night would be too cold and the airs too thin.
"Then we will do what we must."
They all turned to look at Chimol. His statement of fact could not have been more accurate. It brought forth a new lightness of heart and a clear purpose in their minds. Each did what they could to shake the weariness from their bones and the cold from their limbs. They struggled to keep their heads high while trying to do the same for their spirits. Seika plodded on trying to quicken the pace with the others attempting to keep up. Seika had a new determination and a fire within his soul. The others took slight notice thinking only he was stronger than they had believed. Dwylar alone believed he knew the reason; the power of the crystal was taking hold.
Even with the longer daylight hours this time of year they were rapidly beginning to lose the light. It was well past the evening meal-time, the sun streaking toward the horizon as they slowly made their way past the highest point of the mountain and began the descent on the eastern side. It would be a new adventure for all save Dwylar as none of the Sheimas had ever been on the eastern side of these mountains. They were in unfamiliar territory picking those paths they could find as the terrain slowly gave way before them. The eastern slope allowed for easier passage though the fading light drew lengthening shadows at last falling away to blackness.
A snap caused Seika to turn his head quickly and he lost his footing. His tired body plunged forward, his feet catching a wayward root throwing him down. He grasped at anything he could, his body not slowing on the gravel-covered trail. He was too stunned even to call out.
Then from out of the darkening airs a shape fell on him and halted his slide as the weight hit him hard and forced the air from his lungs. He was grateful nevertheless. Seika shook the stars from his eyes and rolled his head over his shoulder. A weak "thank you" was all he could manage.
Mr. Clancy lifted himself off Seika and brushed himself down, then helped the younger Sheima to his feet.
"You are most welcome Seika. I would not like to lose you now, especially to that drop off to your left."
A stunned Seika looked down past his feet to see the cavernous gorge he had narrowly missed. He took a deep breath and forced the unsettling feelings away. It was time to lead again. He readjusted his pack and again took up the lead.
They were tired and sore the pain stinging as they made their way down slowly shaking the cold of Khourne only to find another, the cold and blackness of night before them as they dropped the final yards from the mountain into the lower passes of the eastern side.
After a full day of treacherous climbing they made the eastern grounds at the foot of Khourne. It had been a long struggle but they had kept to their timetable and by the end of the day had taken their measure of Khourne, and Khourne of them. The light had left for the day, the night cool and dark with only a smattering of stars able to beam their light through the night clouds. They trudged on for a half turn just to escape the shadows of the mountain. All wanted this experience behind them and the further they walked the sooner they could forget.
Seika at last called a halt. They were tired and sore, scratched and beaten, their stomachs screaming with a hollow growl for all watchers to hear. They rambled on through a shallow pass that slid them away from the Chrystum and as they turned past the final boulder that evening, Mr. Clancy stopped and looked back past the mountain Khourne, through the night airs and across the landscape. He was sure this would be his final look upon his homeland. He did not know why, but he was sure, and his eyes and heart were filled with sadness as he stole his last look, turned, and made his way back to the others.
They made camp for the night with the three Sheimas almost passing out on the ground from sheer exhaustion. Dwylar was the only one able to keep his feet. Seika rolled over and slid his pack off his shoulders. Mr. Clancy did likewise with Chimol just lying face down in the dirt. Finally, he rolled on to his side and slid off his pack. In the meantime Dwylar had taken it upon himself to gather some wood and soon reappeared in the small clearing, throwing his bundle down.
"Since you have done the foraging, sit and relax. I'll get the fire started." Clancy, good as his word had a roaring blaze within minutes and the others gathered about to ward off the night’s chill.
"Anyone for a meal?" Chimol looked around at the others. Their eyes told him the answer. "Very well then, I'll take the first watch." He rose and made his way around the small encampment getting to know the surroundings before making his way back to the center of the clearing. All he had seen were rocks, a few small growths of brush, and little else. Might as well keep watch in front of a warm fire, he thought. The others had long since fallen fast asleep.

"Chimol, I'll take the next watch." Mr. Clancy reached down and touched Chimol on the shoulder, the young Sheima rocking slightly at his touch. "Well, I guess it wasn't much of an evening for a watch anyway," Clancy mumbled under his breath.
Mr. Clancy gently lowered Chimol to the ground and covered him with his cloak and the blanket he had used to keep himself warm in his own slumber. He paced slowly back and forth in the cool airs to get his blood flowing and to shake the last vestiges of sleep. It was unremarkable as nights go, the airs were cool with few stars scattered across the gray sky with no moon to cast its light upon his eyes. Clancy felt a chill ripple through his tired frame. For the first time in his many years, he was beginning to feel his age. This is work for ones younger than himself he thought, traipsing around in the woods like a fool. He caught himself with those words and found himself amused. Am I really getting old? The thought shook him like nothing he had felt before. In his younger days he would never have even considered this. How Dwylar would laugh at him, the two charging warriors of their youth. He was wasting time he knew, but one who stands at sentry has all the time in the world to waste. He shook the demons from his mind suddenly realizing he had camped himself directly in front of the fire to ward off the chill. Enough of this, he had a job to do. He rose and walked to his pack, withdrawing another cloak. He trudged off to the edge of the clearing, a more fitting place to keep an eye on things. Dwylar relieved him after several turns and he took his place again by the fire and drifted off to a light sleep.

Morning came with Seika raising the camp, the well-needed but short sleep had come to an end. He had kept the fire burning throughout his watch, the blaze beating back the chill of the night airs.
"A well-cooked breakfast for all my fine fellows," Seika exclaimed. It was what was needed, a full and good meal. Seika was a fine cook as bachelor folk go and it felt good to find his hands on the cool side of a skillet. It was not fancy as meals in the Chrystum go, but it was well cooked and filling. He had even managed to hunt up some seasonings from this rocky place. Even Dwylar was impressed by the flavors welling up in his mouth.
They were rested and fully fed the first time in what seemed days. They felt almost at peace but it was now time to move on. Again, the fire was buried and all traces of their encampment brushed away. Dwylar led off followed by Chimol and Mr. Clancy with Seika trying his hand as rear guard.
They made their way due east toward the rising sun. The mountains were not as formidable on the eastern slopes as the range dwindled quickly and fell away to the plains of the Far Wilderness, the grassy expanse which ran east, unbounded as far as anyone in all the lands could tell, for even the Searcher had never explored its boundaries fully. Perhaps one day he would return to this land to seek out its mysteries, he’d thought.
They started out with a clear goal in mind, due east to the edge of the Sirris, then north until they came to the fringe of the Barrier Forest, the large growth of woods which served as protector and boundary of the Upper Valley of the Chrystum. If all went as planned it would be two days journey at a pace much less demanding. Dwylar led off looking into the rising sun, its light blasting away at the retreating edges of night, its warmth reaching out to the cliffs and ledges soon to spill over the peaks and shine its hope for the new day into the valleys.
The traveling was easier on this side as the hills and ridges were less steep, the ravines and troughs less confining. Dwylar was able to comb the paths quickly and steer a straight course to the low foothills. After several turns of easy walking they at last made their way out of the Sirris Mountains overlooking the great plains of grass that lay before them. The sun was now starting its march across the sky with full speed, its unrelenting light bathing the travelers in all its warmth. They realized they had indeed broken clear of the cold and rocky stronghold of the Sirris Mountains leaving the black army and the Chrystum behind. They struggled with the mixed emotions of leaving their people to fend off the blight of an invading army, and the exhilaration of green, open spaces, its beauty fading only in comparison with that of the Dream Valley.
Dwylar called a brief halt. They rested quietly as Chimol threw off his cloak to lie in the fresh, spring grass under the sun's warmth. Dwylar used the time to gain his bearings and see if Clancy had any thoughts on this part of the land. After a few moments with Clancy the snow-hawk once again took wing soaring into the high blue sky, circling north, then back deep into the mountain passes they had just left.
"Come my young companions. We will travel north from here. Dwylar will join us at his leisure."
"What has he gone to do?"
"He is doing what he must. Do not forget Chimol, we are out of the mountains, but we are not out of danger. Do not be fooled by the lightheadedness you feel in these spaces. We are hunted by black creatures and we know not where they will travel to find us."
"You are correct Mr. Clancy. We young ones should still listen to our elders, I suppose."
Seika's remark drew a hearty laugh from Chimol and a smirk from Mr. Clancy. He had it coming. After all, he had chided them long enough about their youthful outlook on life. Mr. Clancy dutifully hoisted his pack and started off, the others quickly following. They headed north along the fringes of the Far Wilderness at the edges of the foothills of the Sirris Mountains.
For most of the early miles they stayed to the grassy areas of the fold often walking three abreast. This enabled them to have some light conversation as they walked. Sheimas enjoyed a good round of talk, especially on a stroll through the countryside. This journey had afforded them little of that pleasure to this point and now Seika and Chimol had time to ask more in-depth questions about men-folk and their kind. They had become intrigued by Dwylar and their respect for him grew with every step. They thought it would be impolite to ask such questions in his presence and they wanted to learn more. They would be traveling into his land and into his culture and they would not want to embarrass him with their ignorance. Mr. Clancy assured them they would not. After all, they had put up with one Sheima many years ago. Two more would not be much of a burden.
They had walked for some time, several leagues perhaps, their spirits high with Mr. Clancy even whistling at times, his step as spry as in the old days. He was beginning to feel...well, he knew he could never hope to feel that good again. The sun was now high in the blue canopy, noontime was approaching and they were all beginning to feel the sting of hunger in their bellies.
"I wonder what could have happened to Dwylar? He should have rejoined us by now."
"You are right Seika,” Chimol replied. It had not occurred to him.  Actually, he had forgotten completely about Dwylar, the smell of the fresh grass and the leisurely pace having driven all thoughts of danger from his mind.
"I'm sure he is quite safe. He is a man of the world and the most skilled woodsman I have ever run across." Mr. Clancy's answer was the correct one, though his tone did not come forth as sincere. He looked away, back to the closeness of the mountain passes, his eyes searching the skies.
"I think it is time for us to rest and have a meal. From this point on I believe we should make all efforts to conserve our supplies. We do not know when we will have a chance to replenish them."
Seika and Chimol agreed though the thought had not occurred to them. They had never been in a position that called for such measures. They made camp under an outcropping of shade trees, a one tuft on the very outskirts of the Barrier Forest. This site only served to let them know they were headed in the right direction. Chimol had wanted to wait for Dwylar to return but Mr. Clancy had forbidden it. Dwylar would catch up to them in his own time, if he were able, Clancy thought.
It was half a turn perhaps when Clancy thought it was time for them to move on. They gathered their packs and left the cool shade of the low trees. Mr. Clancy picked up the pace; no time to dally he thought and he kept his thoughts to himself. Dwylar should have been up to them some time back and he was beginning to worry. They traveled another half turn when they stopped walking abreast. Chimol had taken up his position again as rear guard as Seika moved in closer to Mr. Clancy, just a pace behind.
"We are being watched, Mr. Clancy." Clancy didn't even break stride, he just kept walking, staring straight ahead as if nothing had been said. "Did you hear me?"
"I heard you. Just keep walking. Do you know who is there?"
"No."
"I want you to try something for me, Seika." They kept on, their speech but a soft whisper. "Keep walking with me but clear your mind and close your eyes. Try to see if one of your visions will give you the answer."
Seika did as he was asked. As he walked he cleared his mind to the openness that was around them. It took only a few moments and Seika opened his eyes again.
"Eisldor!"
Clancy turned and looked sharply at him. "Are you sure?"
"Yes! But he is not alone."
With the suddenness of a windstorm a piercing shriek let loose from behind them, as horrible and terrifying a sound as any they had ever heard. Seika and Mr. Clancy quickly drew their swords as Chimol closed ground on them. He too turned and drew his blade. They stood there, three of the four swords of the kingdoms of Ostergaul ready to do battle with an unknown enemy.
He came from the line of low hills and the shadows behind them. They let out a collective sigh of relief as Eisldor appeared, his white coat turned deep black across his chest. He approached them but stopped just steps away with his eyes locked on Seika's. Seconds turned to minutes as silence roamed the grasslands broken only by the sound of a hollow wind.
"What is it, Seika?" He gave no answer to Chimol.
"There is trouble. We are in grave danger here. Hundreds of the black creatures have invaded the mountains. They are not far behind."
"And what of Dwylar?"
Seika turned and looked at Clancy. "He too is in danger. Much worse, he has been injured. How seriously, I do not know."
"We must go back for him," Chimol nearly yelled.
"No! Our only hope is to make for the Barrier Forest."
"We will not leave him, Seika. He would not abandon us!"
"We are too few, Chimol. It would only lead to our own deaths and the end of the quest."
"But without Dwylar there is no quest."
"No Chimol, without the crystal there is no quest."  Then Clancy withdrew from his cloak a coal-black, satin cloth. It is with us. He gave it to me just before he left. He has temporarily passed his charge to us. We must go and go quickly."
"No! I will not leave him behind."
Chimol dropped his gaze to meet Eisldor’s. Their guard seemed to have a look of worry also upon his face, if that were truly possible. Then, almost as a sign to him, Eisldor moved to Chimol and nudged him forward his nose squarely against Chimol's shoulder.
"It would seem he also would ask us to escape this place, Chimol. Come, we can stay no longer."
Chimol dropped his eyes in submission and nodded his head. He knew they were right; it would be their only hope. Seika moved to Eisldor and knelt down before him stroking the black ooze that coated his chest. He could only suspect what it was; the black blood of whatever had been tracking them. He looked deeply into the eyes of the white wolf. Again there was silence, and finally Seika pulled away.
"If it will ease your fears Chimol, if it is within his power Eisldor will bring him to us. It is all we may hope for. Otherwise, the quest will be in our hands."
Seika rose and the three Sheimas began their trek again, this time with the knowledge that save for Eisldor, they were alone. They had walked only a few yards when Chimol looked over his shoulder to see Eisldor watching. The wolf let out a low somber howl, a moan it seemed. It stopped them in their tracks and they watched only to see him take his leave and disappear into the shadows.


Chapter Seven
The Hawk and the Wolf

The snow-hawk circled high in the pale clear light that bathed the blue morning sky. Looking back he could just make out the forms he was leaving behind. He glided quietly upon the spring airs, light and clean with their hope and promise born from a time from the beginnings of the world. He turned his attention now in the direction he had chosen above the now-stained world. His course was clear as he floated high above the mountain passes, slowly circling now and then to peer around the hidden corners of the peaks and ledges in search of any that followed. Within minutes he had reached Khourne, returning upon the very path it had taken them a full day to breach. Like fellow birds of prey the snow-hawk scoured the landscape beneath him finding nothing. He had expected as much.
It was time for him to rest as he had covered many leagues; it was always a tiring effort. He knew it would not be long before he would be in contact with the forward edges of the black army. In the meantime, he had to stay alert and concealed. How were the others doing without him?  How easy it would be for them to blunder into a trap. No, Clancy would see to their needs. Even at his age and after all these years he was still a capable fellow, his senses alive and sharp. He would steer them clear.
It took only minutes for Dwylar to feel rested. He selected his course doubling back a few hundred yards in the event he missed anything, then on again to the western slopes and the lip of the Chrystum. He would like to give them some news of their homeland, good news, though he knew in his heart he could not deliver such. If he peered back into the gray haze of their homeland they would certainly see it in his face. At least Clancy would and he would be forced to tell them what he had seen. This was a valiant people he had come to know. Clancy was not just an exception; the others had more than proven themselves to this point. Even Chimol had come around putting behind him his innocence and falling face first into the world of men and their conflicts. He did not want to rob them of their memories and no news of their land would certainly be better than the awful truth.
Dwylar regained his footing and perched himself on the edge of a sheer cliff. Falling forward, he spread his arms and was airborne again. He circled back slowly, much lower than before. He had to be sure he had not missed anyone or anything that might be a threat. Again he reached the western foot of Khourne and swung away from the sun, climbing high. He chose the next line of hills west and made for them.
He was there in only moments. Even with his powerful eyes, he knew he could not stay at this height and see all he needed. After quartering the ridges and the passes the snow-hawk slowly dropped down to half his original height and toured the area again. Still he had found nothing, but something was there. He could sense it. Ever so slowly the Searcher spiraled downward in a great arc peering into each nook and crevice, scanning each pass and ledge. Finally he spotted something, a small band moving slowly through a narrow seam between two rises. He made his way down to observe them, he knew they were the enemy, but he had to be sure. After all, he was nothing more than a hawk in the sky and was no threat to them.
He swooped low and as he passed they looked up, some even pointing as he carried himself away on the winds.
"Look there. Fresh meat for a meal. Do you think you can hit it?"
"I will try. He is large. That will make it easier, but he is quick as flame."
"Wait then to see if it passes again, passes low. It will give you your best chance."
"Yes, it would be good to have some fresh meat. I am tired of the stores these pitiful folk have in their land. How do they survive on this dried flesh?"
The giant hawk swung around and then climbed high in the bright sky. Circling behind the ridge in front of them he disappeared behind the peak and was lost in the shadows.
"Too bad, he would have been good for the stomach. If he returns, I shall have at least one shot at him."
Dwylar swung around the hill and dropped low circling the mountain coming out just a scant few feet above the ground trying to lose himself in the rocks and scrub. Sure that he was successful, the patrol losing him in the bright sky he came around through the low pass completely circling his prey. He would come up from behind them for one more look before he started deeper into the canyons. The trough ended and the snow-hawk soared high coming out of the shadows and over a broad ledge the patrol had taken. He came up quickly then dove at the invaders skirting just above their heads and quickly away from them. As he passed he banked left to head west and make his way to the next peak. As he turned he dipped and caught by a sudden rush of strong wind, the hawk flipped and fell sharply toward the ground. He quickly spread his wings and caught himself just before crashing uncontrollably, a sudden searing pain running through his frame as he hit in a patch of soft mud. He rolled over and lay there, exhausted.
He did not know how much time had passed, his head spinning, his body sore and bent from the impact; he lay there unmoving with his eyes as wide as a full moon. Dwylar tried to lift his head and bring himself to a seated position. His strength all but gone, he fell again back to the ground. Dizzy and tired he closed his eyes tight and tried to relax. Again he opened his eyes and tried to orient them to the light as his vision began to clear. A long, narrow object jutted out along his right side. He looked down and shuddered, a black arrow, bent and shattered halfway up the shaft, the end buried deep within his shoulder. His eyes rolled back as his lids closed down upon them and he drifted away from the world of the living. 

He struggled to open his eyes as his body was pulled along over the rough ground as the sharp rock cut deep into his cloak. He did not know where he was; he knew nothing. The struggle to fully open his eyes was all he could manage and nothing more. Light jumped at him through the narrow slits as his head bobbed across the rocks, pain shooting through his every limb. Even the small sliver of light was too much and he closed his eyes again. The effort was too much to bear and again he faded away.
Something pulling at his side brought him back from the depths of blackness, a gnawing sound slipping in and out of his ears before he heard a sharp crack and his side went stiff. Again the pain was too much to absorb and he fell away to darkness.

*    *    *

Seeth was pacing along the edge of the wood-line, the lead forces steadily advancing into the northern valley. Could he have guessed wrong? Could he be chasing a ghost through the mountain passes? What if they had stayed in the valleys as some of the others had said? It would end his plans and his career, and most probably his life. A sudden call bellowed from the woods as a single scout came racing out and collapsed, his chest heaving as he fell flat to the earth. Seeth ran to him. It was one of his.
"What news do you bring from the hills?"
"We were attacked by a large wolf. The others are dead, shredded as if by a hundred arrows." The scout looked up and rolled onto his back revealing a gaping slash through his black garments, a dangling piece of flesh where his left arm had once been.
"All the others? Dead?"
"I am the only one to escape. There was no sign of anything save a lone hawk." The eyes of the scout reached out in desperation and with one last gasp his eyes rolled up and he too, had failed to escape.
Seeth looked down as he stood over the lifeless body and kicked it with dirt, his boot stopping hard against the side of the corpse before he turned and stormed away. He had other patrols out; maybe some of them would have the news he was looking for. He trod off to rejoin the main camp as he had other duties that needed his attention. The scouting parties would have to wait until later that night, then he would get his reports, and his command.

*    *    *

He awoke, this time more alert with his eyes open wide yet little light reached them. It was as if a shade had been placed before him. A soft moan pierced his lips and as he inhaled through his dry mouth, the sweat pouring from his face, he choked on the salty water that fell on his tongue. After a brief coughing spell he was able to settle himself as he struggled to bring his attention to where he was. His eyes would not focus; he had no field of depth with which to judge the height of his cover. Instinctively he tried to raise his right arm and a numbing pain shot through his side, his eyes again rolling up. He choked through the pain, each cough a stabbing reminder his body was not well. He realized at last he could not see his covering as it was lying directly on top of him, a mixture of brush and limbs covering every part of his body. As his head cleared the sensations of his throbbing body invaded his brain and he was able to feel his limbs. Although he was racked with pain, sore and stiff, he was able to distinguish what was torn and battered from what was only bruised.
With his senses clearing and his mind beginning to clear he came to the conclusion he was not in the hands of his enemies for if he had been, he would not be having these thoughts at all; he would most certainly be dead. He turned his head from side to side listening intently, picking out the sounds of the area. He was still in the mountains. But where?
Someone or something had put him here, covering his body so as not to be spotted. He should move. He did not know what was waiting for him and he could not take the chance that he was wrong in his assessment. He reached to take the cover away and fell back as a searing pain clawed at his side. He lay back again stifling the scream welling up in his gut. He was too weak to do anything, he could not even uncover himself much less flee to anywhere. Realizing his condition and unable to do much about it, he lay back again and went to sleep.

*    *    *

The sleek form raced through the green brush and headed for the deep mountain passes. He was in a hurry. It could be the most important journey he had ever undertaken. He was racing not for his own life but for that of another. Out of the short grasses and brambles and up into the low hills he headed for the peak known in this land as Khourne. Time was of the essence. If he failed, most certainly all hope would be lost and the quest that he had guarded over these many years would be at an end.
Eisldor knew in a way, he could be the vital link in a process that could shape the face of the known world for the next thousand years. He had spent a lifetime with this quest of men, a lifetime almost immeasurable. How many of the Searchers had he helped to solve this puzzle? He had been given this time in the lands through all these years by the one, the only one who possessed the knowledge to do so. His knowledge seemed unlimited even to Eisldor, even with the special gift he had been given.
His time was short. He had his own quest to fulfill. In his possession lay the fate of men-folk and their kind. He had never grown as attached to one of his charges as he had become with this one. He was special among the Searchers, his dedication to his cause and his gentleness gave this creature a special place. He was the ultimate one for the fulfillment of a quest that had encompassed his entire life.
The sun had passed its midpoint more than a full turn past. He would have to hurry. If Dwylar were discovered his life would be forfeit and the quest could come to an end. He knew this Clancy could for a time guard the crystal but without the skills of the Searcher, the quest would be over. With all this filling his mind and the special charge that had been laid upon him Eisldor strove to cover the distance between them. He surged over the hills and ledges, through the valleys and troughs in the land using every ounce of strength he still possessed.
After many long turns Eisldor came to the feet of the eastern side of Khourne. He was exhausted, running for long stretches at a time. Darkness was beginning to fall upon the lands the sun now settling behind the peaks of the western ridge. He could go no further. He broke stride and lay down to rest.
The time passed unknown to him, the sun falling completely into the grasp of the Choale. Darkness had settled in over all the lands when he awoke. A sense of urgency overwhelmed him; he knew he could wait no longer. Again, with all the strength he could muster he started off into the face of Khourne. He had been over these grounds once before. He could not waste the time to travel the path he had once taken. He had to find a shorter route. He reached the trail he had taken from Khourne's height and paused. There had to be a quicker way around. He studied the landscape for several long minutes, dove to his left and quickly disappeared into the shadows of the long, black night.

*    *    *

Dwylar knew the night had passed by the time he awoke. The pain in his side was still torturing him. He knew he had to see how bad it actually was. He was rested but still weak and with what strength he could muster, the Searcher clawed at the brush covering him, tearing at the limbs that bound him, finally clearing a patch above his head and chest. The light poured in though it was dim and gray. Day had not fully come to the mountains; the new light only now beating back the night airs. Still, enough morning light broke through to reveal the gaping wound in his right side. The blood had soaked through his cloak, the stain dried and dark with new blood belching forth covering his side in a deep crimson.
The effort to clear away his prison and examine his wound again stripped him of his strength. He lay back and closed his eyes. Only a few moments passed when a sound caused him to open his eyes. The black creatures had returned and his fate was sealed. The quest had come to an end and with it his life. Surely the others could not carry on with his charge against such odds as these. He would go down in a fight, with his last breath, even if it would be a pitiful attempt. He would not die on his back.
He reached slowly with his left hand trying not to disturb his covering. That which had held him prisoner was now probably the only thing that kept him alive. His prison was now his sanctuary. Without it the enemy would already have spied him. Where was his unknown ally, the one that had covered him? He knew he could expect no help; he would die here. His hand reached the hilt of his sword and he drew the blade slowly, quietly, bringing it up and laying it to his breast. If they disturbed the pile of brush he would strike out and take at least one of them with him, perhaps more.
He could hear them clearly now, their feet scratching at the rocky ground. There weren't many, two, perhaps three. Perhaps he had a chance after all. The branches suddenly began moving bouncing back and forth on top of him. Not yet he thought, not yet. From his left side Dwylar slashed out with his sword, a figure deftly avoiding the blow, leaping away at the last second. Dwylar raised himself to a seated position ready to strike a second time. He wheeled about to face the one attacker he had seen, scanning for any other which may come at him from behind. He could see nothing save one, lone figure standing in the dim morning light. Eisldor had returned in his time of greatest need. His face bathed in sweat, Dwylar looked to his companion and managed a faint smile finally collapsing on the ground, the adrenaline from his system spent, leaving him a helpless wreck.
Eisldor moved slowly back to his charge and stood over him, examining the wound. The blood was spewing forth, his feeble efforts was all it took to open the wound again, his cloak saturated with the thin liquid. Dwylar opened his eyes to meet those of the wolf whose frame pulsated with every breath.
“Well old friend, what do you think of our chances now?" Dwylar smiled,not expecting an answer. He looked down at his side and for the first time could see completely the damage which had been done. From below his right shoulder where the wound was opened just above his breast were the remnants of the black arrow that had pierced his body. It rose upward, out to his arm, splintered just above his body. Now the earlier noise in his dream seemed to make sense as Eisldor bowed his head and began to gnaw at the splintered shaft. He had done the same earlier hours before, the snap and the sharp pain clearly etched in his memory. Dwylar gently pushed his old friend away not wanting relive that pain.
After a few minutes he was able to right himself and scooted over to a large rock, propping himself against it. Eisldor came to him and with an unexpected gentleness began licking the sweat and blood from his face. He was cleaned in a short time and he could now feel the morning airs upon his face. It felt good.
Eisldor left briefly to scout the area. They were now in dangerous lands and could ill afford any encounter with the black troops. Eisldor returned quickly the surrounding landscape clear. He was the one now exhausted from his long run through the mountains the previous night. He had not slept fully for more than a day. He would have to rest and Dwylar would be the lookout for as long as he was able. But now, the task was to find a place to hide and rest, but rest too long they could not afford. Dwylar had lost much blood and was weak. He would have to be tended to in a short time. They could not go back to the Chrystum for help, not without the others, and none in the valleys had any knowledge of him. They would only assume he was part of the enemy.
They conversed in their way, no words spoken. They were in need of a way of travel that would cause little more damage to Dwylar. Then he had an idea. With all the strength he could muster, the Searcher made the change and perched himself on the back of the white wolf and held on as Eisldor gently strode away to find a hiding spot. They traveled for nearly a half turn when they came to the base of a sheer cliff, scrub growing along the wall hiding the mouth of a small cave. It would have to do. The sun was now climbing high in its morning arc, yet several hours away from its zenith when the hawk and the wolf entered the cave. They would rest for several turns, then begin again.

*    *    *

Clancy knew they could no longer stay to the openness of the plains; they were being followed, or at least there was a good chance they had been spotted. They would have to withdraw to the safety of the mountains and work their way forward to the relative safety of the Barrier Forest. It would slow their pace, though it could not be helped. Perhaps it would give Dwylar a chance to catch up to them and they could decide their course. 
The mountain trails were hard and roughhewn, the rocks sharp, the brush scraggly and pointed. It was all they could do to make several leagues across this ground since they had seen Eisldor. Clancy had hoped they would make the forest by nightfall, but his hope dimmed with every step. They would have to take shelter in the mountains one more night. It was the best they could do.
The once high spirits of Seika and Chimol sagged with every step. Thoughts of evil ran through their minds as the sun began to sink away across the mountain highlands. Night was beginning to fall, the darkness beginning to fold around them in an encumbering shroud. Their thoughts trailed back along the long path they had taken, to Dwylar, their last sight of him, the snow-hawk circling away high in the blue morning sky. Their minds raced with the horrors they imagined, the awful pains he might be enduring. Could the black creatures have him? Each time they fought to drive these thoughts from their minds as they struggled to keep up with Mr. Clancy, their limbs numbing with every step.
It was time for them to look for a place to burrow in for the night. They trampled on finding each new turn a disappointment, no place to hide, no cover from their enemies. Finally, with the last vestiges of day a memory they scrambled high atop a narrow ledge just a few yards across. They could travel no farther this day, their energy spent.
"It is not as pleasant a place as I had hoped for, but it will have to do." Clancy looked about for anything that would give them some cover. "Chimol. Down there on the next outcrop is some scattered brush. Bring it up here and we will use it for cover."
"But please try to be careful, it is quite dark."
Chimol looked back and nodded to Seika and then with a slight wave of his hand disappeared into the darkness. The night was still and calm as they heard him slowly making his way down, rocks rolling out from under him. At one time they held their breath when a crumbling sound came, echoing against the flat rock wall behind them. They could little afford to call out as any sound could reveal their position. Then after a few moments they heard him trotting across the lower ledge. He was still alive. The return climb was as tedious though Chimol had been more careful and he rejoined the others with their cover.
They were tired and sore from fighting the mountain terrain so they decided they would not stand guard this night. Their only hope would be total concealment. They pulled the brush tight around themselves, Chimol using his rope to secure it that it would not fall away during their sleep. It was late, the night sky clear and full of stars. The somber light fell against them as well as the valleys of their homeland under siege by the black armies.

*    *    *

The sun had fully cleared the eastern-most peaks when Dwylar and Eisldor ventured forth from the cave. It would be a good day to travel, if circumstances had been different. The bleeding had stopped but the loss of blood had been almost more than he could bear. Dwylar was weak, barely able to hang on to the coat of the white wolf as they sped across the landscape. The traveling was easy for Eisldor, his powerful limbs stretching out and pulling the ground past in long, steady strides. His only concern was his rider. Even the ease with which Eisldor carried his great frame was too much for the wounded hawk. Twice they were forced to stop when he could no longer hold on. Each time they were forced to rest and let Dwylar gather his strength for another run.
Despite the stops, they were making good time. Eisldor was a powerful beast with a bulging chest and neck, sleek at the waist with long legs that could cover several yards in a single stride. They had covered enough distance to put them on the eastern side of Mount Khourne a turn after midday.  Eisldor had taken a route that took them well north of the mountain through a series of narrow, treacherous paths and ravines, over cracked ledges and atop high bluffs. It was a path no other creature would have been able to manage and certainly not with the speed of the white wolf.
By twilight they had reached the eastern shores of the Sirris and the edges of the Far Wilderness. The Barrier Forest would still be several leagues distant. But Dwylar could travel no longer. His strength was sapped and the coat of the wolf was red from the digging talons. Dwylar fell one last time to the hard ground. Eisldor moved slowly to the fallen bird. With great care he rolled the wounded hawk over and let him nestle into the long, tall grass. He would let him rest for a short time, but they would have need to travel again this evening.
Twilight was beginning to settle over the valleys as the light had long since cast the shadow of the peaks across the eastern landscape. It was time to take up their journey again. Dwylar was still too weak to travel; he would not have the strength to make the ride as before. He lay there cuddled in the folds of the tall grass. The greatest of the Searchers was cold and wounded and possibly near his death.
Eisldor could see no other way. Gently he lowered his massive head and with the caring touch of a mother holding her first newborn, scooped the snow-hawk up in his wet, soft mouth and turned north. Time was quickly falling away. Dwylar could not withstand a journey of several days. They would have to find help quickly and Eisldor knew of only one with the power close enough to help. Straight up the edge of the wilderness fields tore the white wolf and his charge. It meant the risk of being seen but there could be no other path to choose. Any time taken through the mountains would only hinder their progress and time was the enemy now more than the black troops. Eisldor was a cunning foe who was more than a match for a few of the black ones. He had already proven that. In any event, they would not be able to catch him.
Night had settled in rolling across the burrows of the wilderness plains placing a stranglehold firmly on the Sirris Mountains and all that they held. Never had these lands seen a journey such as this, with a goal of such importance. The fate of all the free lands lay now in the jaws of a lone white wolf and the hands of an old, tired Sheima. The great wolf covered the stretch below the forest with the swiftness of the winds holding ever so gently the body of the hawk. He would make his way to the edge of the forest skirting its outer canopy in his run for Shallow's Reach. If all went well, they would have a day’s journey to come to the border of his stronghold.

*    *    *

Mr. Clancy and the others cautiously worked their way through the low trenches between the towering mountains. They had risen quickly from their hiding place uncomfortable as it was, and were eager to put as much distance between them and the mountains as was possible while still crossing through them. The Barrier Forest was less than a day's march and with any luck, they would find cover there. And most certainly Dwylar would have caught up to them by then, if it were in his power to do so. They made their way along the corridors scouting every turn, peering over every bluff. The going was slow but they could ill afford to run into any scouting parties.
The pace they made was beginning to take its toll. It is hard to cross terrain at a breakneck pace but it is just as tiring to crawl at a snail's pace, fleeting in and out of rocks and crevices. It was hard on the body and hard on the spirit as well. They stopped for perhaps half a turn at midday for a short meal. Some fresh meat they had picked up along the way would have to wait for supper and a good fire if Mr. Clancy would permit it. Their progress was slow yet they had managed to avoid all but two patrols. The first they were able to just let slip by, the other however had caused them to take a time-consuming detour and backtrack. It had cost them several turns of light and more than a few miles.
They discussed the matter for several minutes and their course was decided. They had to make up the time and the distance. They needed to be bolder in their travel as darkness was just a few turns off and they could not afford to spend another night in these mountains. The black creatures and their kind were much too close. The only way was to make a dash for the forest, and hope. These parts of the trails Seika knew well and he took the lead. Again, there were some paths even Chimol had never seen before. With almost a recklessness as compared to their earlier pace they raced through the trenches and the ravines staying to the lower trails to avoid climbing as much as they could. It would only cause them further delay. Each step would have to be forward, not up or to the side.
Dusk had come and they had covered more ground than they would have believed. They were in sight of the trees of the Barrier Forest with the light falling fast leaving them in utter blackness in the folds of the hills, or if they were more fortunate, nestled deep within the powerful trunks of the forest. They would not stay in the hills; they could not risk the openness. It would be the trees for them this night. As the thunder of a stampede they raced for cover under the dark limbs of the canopy of the Barrier Forest. This land they all knew and with luck, it would also serve them well.
They reached the rim of the great forest and stumbled blindly forward. Even trails one should know so well are not easily traveled in consuming darkness. They rambled ahead feeling their way forward, touching most every tree and limb, often stumbling awkwardly. They would make their way deep into the woods and camp for the night. It would have to do. There are places in this wood that only Sheimas know, and they would head for one of them now. Chimol had ceased to act as rear guard as any distance between them would most certainly separate them completely. They kept together as best they could, though it was difficult. Even their steps were hushed, no breaking of twigs, no rustle of leaves to leave a trail to be followed. They moved north as best they could tell, veering ever so slightly to their right.
There was no horizon to follow yet they knew they were moving toward something. What, they could not tell for as they moved a faint glow became evident. It was directly in their path and it grew more intense with each step. It surged out from the center and cut a wide arc across their path. Drawn on by their own curiosity they crept forward, keeping low and hidden.
"If only Dwylar were here."
"You are right Chimol. If only he were here he could soar above the light and spy for us. But he is not, and we should not be here either." Mr. Clancy looked over to the others. "Only because this is our homeland have we journeyed so close to this evil, and be assured it is evil pure and simple. But we may have something better."
They could not imagine what he was talking about. Then Seika caught a sly smile and Mr. Clancy’s raised eyebrows. He knew.
"I will see what I can see." Seika lowered his eyes, clearing his mind of all that they had seen this day. His hands lay on his lap, his legs folded beneath, quiet and peaceful.
Seika suddenly shrieked and was thrown to his back. The others were quickly to his side, Mr. Clancy hovering over him.
"What is it, Seika? Are you all right? What is it?"
"I was starting to penetrate the glow of the light when my mind was thrown back. By what, I do not know. This is no longer our homeland, Mr. Clancy. This is an evil place. We must leave quickly."
"There is evil here most assuredly, Seika, but this will always be our home. Let us leave for now but remember, one day we will return. It is said the forest has a power all its own. Perhaps it will awake from its long slumber and its power will be brought to bear against the evils here."
Seika was quickly on his feet assuring the others he was quite unharmed. They could no longer move north even though the light was well ahead of them. They were forced to veer to the right and head east. It would not be easy in the darkness but they had the glow to serve as a marker. They crept away in silence their thoughts now back in the valleys of the Chrystum, wondering what had been done to their lands and their people.
They stumbled along for nearly half-a-turn but were finally unable to carry themselves any farther. The slow, haunting pace of the day's travel had sapped their strength, robbed the breath from their breasts and the spirit from their hearts. Deep in the brush under the canopy of night Mr. Clancy called a halt. One would have to stand watch as they had done in all the long nights of their odyssey except one. There would be no fire and the fresh meat they had stored for supper would have to wait. It would be a long and sleepless night and that, if all went well.
Clancy volunteered for the first watch. It was not that he felt sorry for the others; they were younger and should feel no less tired than himself. Besides, it would allow him a continuous rest, one not interrupted in the middle for his stand. The others hid themselves in the trunk of a great hollow tree, crawling deep within the bowels of its scorched frame. Clancy moved off to the side, grabbed a low limb and pulled himself up into the branches. It would be a good place for a watch as he could prop himself up against the massive trunk and view the access from all sides. He would have to pass this piece of information on to the others. It would certainly make their watch a little easier.
He had settled in just a short time when a soft sound leaped from the distance up the clinging vines of the tree. He, they, were not alone. Clancy listened intently. Could he have been mistaken, his mind and ears playing tricks on him? No. There was something out there. He would just have to wait and see. Then he knew he could not. The others were hidden in the massive tree. If they were charged they would not have any chance to either fight or flee. He had to warn them. They may have to make their stand here, in the Barrier Forest.
Without any warning, a hollow, splitting sound broke from his right and the trunk of a large tree fell with a resounding crash. He spun his head quickly and caught a glimpse of something moving, something black that darted back into the darkness. He was right, there was something there. Then a sharp pop came from overhead. He spun and saw a limb falling from the canopy overhead. Before it hit the ground he could see another shape scurrying from one place to another, coming closer, then trying to escape back into the darkness. This one did not make it. The canopy limb hit, crushing the black form beneath it. He knew he could wait no longer.
Rolling to his left Clancy dropped to the limb below, grabbing it with his hands and slipped to the ground. He hit and rolled and sprang to his feet, the sword of the Rim Kingdom unsheathed for battle. He bounded across the few yards to the hollow, massive tree hiding the others. Yelling wildly and bringing the hilt of the sword hard down against the trunk several times he was able to rouse them. It took only moments as Seika and Chimol breached the opening, swords drawn, looking for Mr. Clancy.
Seika was the first out, his first step a short one as he was knocked sideways to the ground. He rolled and escaped a blow aimed directly at his head. Chimol was more fortunate. He stepped only halfway out taking his sword and swinging it hard to his left with both hands firmly on the hilt. He hit flesh with the blade before it struck the hollow bark. He continued to his left, swirling in a circle with his back to the tree. Another charged at him. He turned to his left and rolled, thrusting upwards as his enemy’s blade fell silent against the tree.
Seika regained his footing scanning the area in the darkness for Mr. Clancy. He could not see him, nor could he afford to take his attention away from what was at hand. He could only hear the clanking of metal behind him. Mr. Clancy would have to fend for himself, for the moment. Seika charged his foe his sword swinging wildly. The specter before him ducked under the blade as Seika rolled over top. Seika turned and faced him again. The metal clashed and the black ooze ran down his arm as the head fell to the dirt.
Chimol had guessed wrong; he was on the retreat. His enemy had backed him once again up against a tree as their two swords met, the metal grating, singing out in the night. They had to finish this battle and escape. Someone knew they were here. The black form lunged driving his blade down as Chimol dropped to his seat and thrust upward with his own blade. He buried the old blade deeply as the form above him fell limply on top.
Seika had only one choice. He could see Chimol in his struggle but could not see Mr. Clancy though he was sure both were still fighting from the sound of things. Seika charged, his blade held high above his head. The creature was pressing Chimol who was backed up against a tree. Seika leaped just as Chimol's foe had left his feet. Seika fell hard against the forest floor and then heard the scream. Looking up he could see the two bodies lying against the large dark tree, then movement. The black form rolled over falling lifelessly to the ground as Chimol rolled out from beneath.
"Where is Mr. Clancy?"
"Over there as best I can tell."
They charged toward the sound of the battle unable to see what was happening. The sound of the cold steel scraping and banging was getting closer but still they could not see anything. Suddenly both lost their footing falling down a steep but small slope, their bodies hitting the ground hard.  The sound of the battle was here, down the slope that had hidden the struggle in the darkness. Chimol was the first to his feet, charging into what, he did not know. Again he fell, tumbling onto the rock-strewn ground. His head hit hard and he saw the stars had come down from the night sky. He also saw something else, a blur, a large shape that had passed him in the darkness, or was it just his imagination. From the battle ahead, a scream of utter horror split the blackness like an axe through a window. Ahead he could hear the sound of tearing flesh, the splinter of bones, then nothing save the sound of two heaving chests gasping for breath.
"Mr. Clancy! Mr. Clancy!" There was no reply. Seika was quickly by Chimol's side as they looked ahead unsure of what they would find. But find out they must. They righted themselves and took the first steps forward, then stopped. A large shape loomed up before them in the blackness. They took their next step backward. The two swords came up for their defense sure they would be the next victims. Seika could not feel the power of the crystal he had waited for. They were abandoned. He would face his last with what courage he could muster.
"Speak foe, or leave us!" Seika yelled, but heard no offering in return. With all the courage he could summon he called forth again. "Speak now or die!" Seika held the sword of the Snow Kingdom defiantly in the night airs. He would die, but he would die well. Chimol moved beside him, his own sword held high as another shape walked steadily to the side of the first and stopped.
"Lower your weapons my friends, the swords of the kingdoms shall not meet this night." Surprised by the voice, Seika and Chimol lowered their weapons.
Mr. Clancy came forward as the dull light of the moon peeked beneath the forest canopy. Next came Eisldor as he moved in close to the two Sheimas, nuzzling them before turning toward Mr. Clancy. Chimol's heart rose with the sight of Eisldor as his hands came down to stroke the wolf nestling his face close to his. Eisldor responded with a quick wipe of his large tongue as he looked to Seika.
"They have returned and Dwylar is with him!" The glee in his voice was unmistakable as Chimol stepped up to close the distance between himself and Dwylar. Seika's hand snapped out and held a puzzled Chimol back. He looked at Seika as he had never done before.
"Reveal yourself to us now friend, or the swords of the kingdoms will indeed meet this night, and you may not like the outcome!" Chimol felt a ferocity from Seika that would challenge the stoutest of heart. This was not Dwylar.
"Indeed young one. It would be a true challenge for us both." Chimol could hear the lightheartedness in the response to Seika's challenge. Then from the shadows the dark shape stepped forward into the dull light with his large battle-sword laid across his outstretched arms in full view. To his surprise, Chimol saw this night something he could never have imagined, a man larger than Dwylar!
"Put away your sword Seika." Mr. Clancy broke the silence and Seika did as he was bid, almost from habit.
"You have not as yet answered my question. Speak, or my sword shall again be unleashed.
Eisldor moved smartly to Seika’s side and rested his head against Seika's sheath. He would be unable to draw it. Seika's hand then fell to his side resting fully on the back of the white wolf.
"I am Reylor, Chief of the Palace Guards of the Northern Kingdom of Ostergaul. And who might you be?"
"I am Seika, of the Middle Valley of the Chrystum. These are my lands. Why are you here?"
"I am certain these are not all your lands though I will give you an answer. I am looking for someone."
"Whom do you seek?"
"Seika!" Clancy spoke out in a terse voice. "It is not your place to question this man. I will answer your question. He is looking for Dwylar."
"What is your business with Dwylar?"
Clancy stepped from the shadows and placed himself squarely in front of Seika. Their eyes locked and Seika slowly relaxed keeping his eyes firmly planted.
"His business is our business but this is not the place or the time. Let us go, we have one to meet."
Eisldor led the way back up the hill, crossing the battlefield past the large hollow tree that had been their refuge. Mr. Clancy seemed to know what they were going to find and he became silent. At last, Eisldor stopped by a cluster of low bushes, turned and faced the others. Seika took one step forward and met Mr. Clancy’s outstretched arm. He stopped and looked as his face hardened. The stranger stepped forward, the loose brown wraps from his cloak falling close around his large frame, his forearms clad in bright metal. Reylor stepped to the brush and knelt, his cloak dragging in the loose dirt. His massive arms gently reached out and parted the bushes, his frame sinking as he revealed a large hawk nestled among the branches. He reached in and took the bird from its fold and carefully tucked it in his arms. Seika looked up at this awesome form of a man and spied a tear rolling down the hard lines of his face.
The others peered in longing to hold the hawk. Reylor turned to them with the Searcher nestled close to his breast. A silence fell over the company for what seemed an eternity as the small group stood immobile, suddenly realizing what was before them. The quest was in grave jeopardy; the Searcher was near death.
"There may be only one hope for all of us." Clancy then turned to Seika, his tone urgent. "Eisldor was taking him somewhere, I do not think he was only trying to catch up to us. He may have a destination."
Seika knew what Mr. Clancy had in mind. He took a step up to the white wolf and knelt in front of him as a calm enveloped his body. For several long moments, their eyes locked on one another.
"What manner of..." Clancy held up his hand and Reylor stopped. His gaze returned to the two locked together by forces he did not understand. Finally, Seika rose and stepped back.
"By the King himself I have never seen the like. My apologies sir, I would not dare to confront a wizard such as yourself. What questions you would ask I will answer."
Seika turned and nodded to the large man before him. "I will not accept an apology under false appearances. A wizard I am not. It is only the power of the crystal that you see. Nothing more." Seika turned to Clancy to reveal his thoughts.
"He indeed has a goal though I do not understand what he has spoken. Perhaps you may make sense of it. He has made reference to `the stronghold' and ‘the blue one’. What this means, I do not know."
"I would be surprised if you would know of this. The journey he would take would be a long one for us though not as long for him. He seeks the stronghold of Weredor."
"Weredor? These are grave tiding indeed. I will not journey forth to such a place. It is evil itself." Even in the dim light of the forest night Reylor’s face went pale.
"Why do you fear this place?" Chimol looked in wonderment at the large man standing before him.
"It is the place of an evil wizard. He is no ally to the race of the northern men."
"You are mistaken Reylor. The power of Weredor is not what it may seem to you. Eisldor has this goal in mind. If it is what he desires, this is where we shall go. The wounds of the Searcher must be grave indeed if this is the course he has chosen." Mr. Clancy stepped up to Reylor who was still clutching the wounded hawk. "His wound is indeed serious and I believe it is beyond our powers to heal him. If there is any chance that this quest shall be fulfilled it lies behind the Silent Forest in the stronghold of Weredor."
Reylor looked at Clancy closely. It was evident that the name of Weredor invoked a dreadful place in this man's heart. Clancy peered deep into the guard's eyes.
"If your allegiance is to your king then this quest you must support in place of the Searcher. It is your duty. Remember well Reylor, I knew your father. This is what he would say."
"You are wise indeed Clancy. It shall be as you say. From this time forward I shall take the place of the Searcher until he is well."
Once again Reylor rose to his full height towering above the smaller Sheimas. He was a truly massive man and Seika now saw in his eyes the fire of the race of men of Ostergaul, the same fire that dwelled in the face of Dwylar.


this is the end of book one of
The Crystal Point Legacy trilogy


If you have enjoyed this book please leave a review 
on the site where you purchased it

also in the series:

Silent Watcher
book two of The Crystal Point Legacy

Death of Kings
book three of The Crystal Point Legacy


Other works by Robert Thomas
White Staff, an epic fantasy
Lily, a short story



The Last Elf Prophecy series

Sands of Nevertime - book 1
Decimation of Allingaard - book 2



Action and Adventure
(written as Bob Thomas)
The Bear 


Science Fiction
(written as Bob Thomas)
Home Word series
Star Eagle Six - book 1
Ghost Fleet - book 2




