

THE CHRONICLES OF DOG AND TROLL:
BOOK 4
THE TAKING OF ANNE WARWICK

By
Joshua S. Friedman


FIRST EDITION

****


PUBLISHED BY:
Joshua S. Friedman on Kindle Direct Publishing

The Chronicles of Dog and Troll:
The Taking of Anne Warwick
Copyright © 2020 by Joshua S. Friedman

This book remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.  The characters are a production of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

Adult Reading Material

****


For Felicia,
Thank you for encouraging me to finish what I started.

****


FOREWORD, AFTERWORD, AND EVERYWHERE IN BETWEEN

Hello again, my friends.  What’s that?  Aye, indeed it has been awhile.  I see you’re older now.  More mature.  As if the life events you’ve endured since we last met have opened ye’r eyes to the way things really are.  Like the drawing back of a velvety curtain moments before a play.  No-doubt, our heralds, Troll, Myriam Star, and the Dog, emphasize with that.
So much has transpired since last we held conclave.  So much heartache, so much pain and suffering.  One could only attribute such an emotional tidal wave to a singular word:  Loss.  And aye, we have lost much, indeed.
In our previous installment, we lost Star, Byron, Montalvo, Sarah, all our friends that we’ve known and adventured with over the course of the triumvirate’s journey.  Anne’s innocence long forgotten like Maddy the rag doll thoughtlessly forsaken amongst tall-grass and waist-high weeds.
Troll struggles with his dwindling faith; once so brilliant.  And the Dog battles the demons of his past.
One could only surmise that after the depths we’ve sunken to, there no place to go but up.  ‘Though I fear we are wrong.  Dead wrong.
After all, we’ve barely scratched the surface of the Wraith’s master plan; like the glistening peak of an iceberg about to emerge from freezing opal waters.  And more Hellions prepare to enter the fray like bandits awaiting guards around a bank to fall into slumber.
As before, once again we pick up where we left off.
Where were we?
Ah, yes.  Into the breach.
Let us chase down those who robbed so much from us.
After all, what more could we possibly lose?


J.S.F
August, 2020

****


“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside of you.”
Maya Angelou


D.C. al Coda

Anne’s voice cried from some far-off distant plane; fragmented like a distorted echo.  She said, “Troll, whatever ye do, don’t enter the blue door.  Please Troll, don’t.”
He attempted to shout, “Anne, where are ye?  I can’t see thee.”  But he couldn’t.  He couldn’t even move.  But his restraint was not from bondage.  He was held ensconced in some murky, black abyss that reminded him way too much of the opal sludge Byron drooled before he was taken by the Swee…him.
Then the Wraith’s pleasantly hollow voice surrounded him; like rusty nails in a glass mason-jar.  “Your Dog did die.  And I assure you, your beautiful Myriam Star will be dead before ever you reach her.”
But, why?
“Because, we want one of you.”
Then just take me demon!
But alas, Troll was not the one they wanted.  Instead, the Wraith took everything from him.  His friends.  The Dog.  The love of his life.  All had fallen by the waste-side, and now Troll was left wallowing in the bleak.
Beep-beep-beep
Where was he?
How did he get here?
The last thing he remembered was a piercing, blue glow that vibrated at a sickening resonance.
Beep-beep-beep
What was that dreadful noise?
The sounds’ cadence resembled that of a beating heart, but artificial; preternatural.
“The time has come.  Gaze upon the face of your true enemy.”
The darkness dissipated like a velvety curtain, and finally, Troll could see.
He was back on the major bluffs of Krin.  Except, he was not in his body -- apparently.  For, he saw himself kneeling there next to Star upon a grassy knoll as gulls squawked from the heavens and briny breaks crashed upon moss-covered rocks below.  The rising sun cast golden glimmers over the oceanic waves.
The Wraith/Joshua King loomed over Troll and his trinity like a brooding storm cloud.  Next to Joshua stood Fedic (donning the Dog’s gauntlet and belt of daggers), Annola/Mia (with Star’s shooters strapped around her bulbous waist), and of course, Furion.
This was not the present, Troll already suffered this.  He watched the events unfolding as if observing some sort of play or charade.
Joshua King leaned toward Troll (but not Troll the spectator; the past Troll that huddled close to Star).
For a moment, He envied that Troll.  But, only for the utmost of brevity.  For, Troll the spectator knew what came next.
Joshua grinned like the Devil, hisself.
Somehow Troll saw this through the eyes of his former self.
Joshua asked, “See anything familiar?”
Beep-beep-beep-beep
In unison with his avatar, Troll gasped, “Oh, my God.”
Star asked, “What is it?  Who is it?”
The man stood about Star’s height.  Lean and slim.  He wore black pants and an odd, button-less, short-sleeved shirt, also black.  His head shaved down to neat stubble.  Thin, black eye-brows.  He had no beard, but his face looked exactly like the Dog’s.
Growling fiercely, the Dog struggled to stand.
Fshwoom
Another energy blast from Fedic drove the Dog down.
Star asked, “Who is it?  What’s goin’ on?”
The Troll of yesterday just knelt there; eyes bulged, jaw gaping.  The scar riding the left side of his face quivered as he tried to understand that which the present Troll already knew.
Star urged, “Troll, answer me!  What’s goin’ on?”
Beep-beep-beep-beep
Quavering, his doppelganger replied, “I…I…I think it’s the Dog.”
“What!”
The Wraith snatched a dagger from the Dog’s belt (currently wrapped around Fedic’s waist).  He grasped hold of the Dog’s braided beard and cut it off.  The Dog yelped.  The Wraith dangled the beard from his chin, and said, “Look at me.  Woof.  Woof.  I’m the Dog.”  His voice even sounded like the Dog’s.
Furion, Fedic, and Annola cackled wildly.
Gaze dithering, past Troll quavered, “I don’t understand.  “Brothers?  Twins?”
The Wraith chuckled, “I’m afraid the answer to that question is far too complicated.”
“But I must know.  Who are ye really?”
Giggling, the Wraith clasped his hands, and said, “Oh, I’m sorry, so rude of me.  Allow me to introduce myself.  My name is Joshua King.”  He nodded at the Dog, and said, “And that miserable mutt is William James Mather, you can call him Jimmy, most folks do.  Jimmy is the reason you’re here.  He’s the one we want.”  Shaking his head, he waltzed toward Troll, and said, “And all this time, I bet you thought it was you.”
And it was true.  He always believed it him.
Star asked, “Why us?  Why are we here?”
Joshua King said, “Because we couldn’t find Jimmy.  He just up and wandered away one day in one world, as dogs often do.  We needed you two to help us find him and bring him here.”
Troll asked, “But why us?  To what end?”
Donning a devilish smile, Joshua replied, “Oh, there are answers.  But, not here.  Not now.  Now, we will take the one we want.”  He wafted his hand through the air, and a doorway of solid blue-light appeared where the compass needle pointed.
Whatever ye do, don’t enter the blue door.
Beep-beep-beep-beep
Hands out, as if reaching for alms, Troll cried, “The choice!  Ye said a choice would be made.”
Oh, how stupid and desperate his past self was.
Still, the Troll of yester year cried, “Dog choses not go with ye.”  Sweaty, face pallid, and breathing heavily, he turned to the Dog and asked, “Don’t ye?”  His bottom lip trembled as he awaited the reply.
The Dog growled ferociously at Joshua.
That a boy.
“You’re quite right,” replied Joshua.  He nodded toward the Dog, and said, “But, not for him.  Fedic, if you please.”
Fedic stood there glowing, at first it appeared nothing happened.
Annola staggered and swooned.  She swept the back of her hand across her squamous forehead, and slurred, “Wait, what’s happening?  I don’t understand.”
Good.  Die ye heathen bitch.
Hands folded behind his back; smiling, Joshua offered Annola a gracious bow, and said, “I personally thank you for all your hard work, but your services will no longer be required.”
“No wait!”  Writhing and squirming, Annola crawled toward Joshua’s feet, groveling, “I served you well.  I served you well!  Please don’t!”  But, by the time she got there, she had been drained dry.
Joshua, Furion, and Fedic roared in laughter.
Beep-beep-beep-beep
That preternatural pace quickened.
Present Troll’s blood percolated; fists clenched so tight he wondered if he might break his own massive hands.
Fedic pivoted and blasted the Dog through the blue door.
Smirking, Joshua said to Fedic, “Go after and make sure everything is taken care of.”
Fedic smiled and strolled through the portal of light.  Then it closed, as if never even there.
Joshua waltzed toward the Troll of yesterday, and said, “The choice is for you.  But first, I have one more promise to keep.”  He held out his hand.  Star’s holster unbuckled from around Annola’s waist, and sailed into Joshua’s awaiting grip.  He pulled a shooter and let the holster (and other gun), drop to the grass in a muted thump.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
No!  No!  I can’t watch this.  Not again.
He attempted to shut his ethereal oculars, but alas, no use.  He pivoted away from the scene, but every time he did so, he still sat in the front row of the events unfolding.
Lip curled in a snarl, Star asked, “What’s happening?”
Troll uttered, “Our enemy has taken ownership of ye’r weapons.”
“Hey!”  She tried to rise to her feet.  Joshua held out his other hand, and she froze mid-air.
Joshua aimed at Star, but his gaze remained glued to Troll’s.  Smiling, he said, “You’re Dog did die, and now it’s time for Star to die before ever you reach--”
A small dagger flew out of nowhere, bounced off a rock, and clattered to the ground.
What was that?  Who threw it?
Joshua continued, “Ah, that must be the children.  Furion, would you mind taking care of it?  Feel free to eat them.  They’re purpose has been served.”
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Children, what children?
For some reason, the present Troll cerebrated over the fate of Anne and DJ.  He never did find out what happened to them.
Furion slouched off.
Fists trembling, teeth clenched, Star hissed, “Monster.”
Joshua pouted, “Damnit, those stupid twerps were early.  I tell you, I had this all timed out perfectly.  The way I pictured this…” Sigh.  “It was supposed to be so beautiful.  Oh, well.”  He shrugged, and then shot Star with her own gun.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
That artificial claxon raced in tandem with his galloping heart, ‘though he didn’t feel it in his chest, he heard it like the yaw of some imminent marauder.
Star’s torso exploded in a cloud of pink mist.
In unison, both Trolls roared, “No!”
Past Troll lunged, but Joshua held out his hand, and Troll’s muscles seized up.  Jaws twitching, teeth clenched and grinding, he muttered, “I’ll kill thee.”
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
“We’ll see.”  Joshua wafted his other hand.  The blue door reappeared.  “Well, it’s been fun, but I have ever so much to do, and there is very little time.  I’m going to take my leave now, but first, as promised -- the choice.  After I enter the blue door, it will disappear.  Within moments, another shall appear.  It will take you wherever you want to go.”
Sputtering blood, Star lay wheezing in the grass.  Every breath sounded like rain drops bouncing off church tarp.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Hot tears streaming down his face, Troll sniffled, “What do ye mean?”
Joshua continued, “You have a choice.  You can either pursue me and try and rescue your Dog.  Learn the answers you seek, the reason behind why all this is happening.  Or, you can choose to live with Star.”
Past Troll scoffed, “She won’t live.”
“Not in this world, no.  But like I said, there are other worlds, other versions of her.  Or you can simply choose to go back in time in this world.  Now that we have the one we want, I will not meddle with you two.  You can relive the life you had, without the Dog, of course.  Find Star, fall in love all over again.  Raise a litter of kids.  All you have to do is enter the door with a thought in your mind, a mental picture, if you will.  Just think of where you want to go, and you’ll be sent there.”
Liar!
But, wait, he remembered something else; a wide road fashioned from some black, hard substance.  Preternatural lines of yellow and white painted cracked and creviced streets.  Honking sounds.  Structures built from glass, brick, and steel scraped the smoggy horizon.  Blinking, colored lights that dazzled the towering skyline.  Thousands of people dressed in odd clothes shuffled about.  Blaring noises and lights like eyes barreled toward him.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
“Well, toodles.”  Then Joshua King, the Wraith, vanished into the blue door of light.
Past Troll raced toward Star and scooped her up in his arms.
You fool.  You idiot.  You braggart.
Trembling violently, Star coughed up blood.
Then he was back in his body.  Star in his arms.  He brushed the thinning locks from her febrile brow and blubbered, “Don’t worry my dove, I will save ye.”
Chest rattling, she gasped, “No.  Save Dog.  Kill that son-of-a-bitch.  Kill them all.”
“But I can’t leave ye,” he sobbed.  “I won’t.”
“You have to.”
She ran the tips of her fingers down his scar, and it felt all too real.
She gasped, “You have to.  Something big is happening.  Something bad.  Stop it, Troll.  You have to stop it.”
And then he kissed her.
She didn’t kiss back.  She was dead.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Heart shattering into a million pieces, Troll roared, “No!”
The blue door returned.
Crying, he held Star’s limp body.
What should he do?
Everything he could remember rushed through his mind, like water breaking through a dam.  In his mind he re-lived every moment spent with Star.  Every caress; every kiss.  No, he could not leave her.  Not ever.
“What about the Dog?” Star’s voice echoed in his thoughts.  “You can’t leave him either.  The Troll I know, the one I fell in love with wouldn’t do that.”
He peered at the doorway of shimmering light.
Whatever ye do, don’t enter the blue door.
He gently placed Star’s body on the grass and peered at the compass in his trembling grip.  No choice.  He had to enter the blue door one way or the other.  The only question that remained, where should he go?
He couldn’t live without Star.  But would there be another Star if he went after the Dog?  Would it even be his Star or some doppelganger placed by the Wraith to tug at his already torn heart-strings?
But she was right.  Something big was happening.  And he had to stop it.  That was his purpose, God’s plan for him.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Glaring at the glimmering portal, Troll snarled “Very well, then, into the breach.”
He awoke with a start; on the verge of all-out panic.  All seemed blurry and white, as if peering at the world through a whiskey bottle.  His eyelids raked across dry oculars.  His desiccate tongue felt like sand drifting docilely through a barren desert.
Oh, my beautiful dove.  I’ve lost thee.  I’ve lost everyone.  What am I to do now?
His vision cleared and he cursorily scanned his surroundings.  He was in a small white room.  An artificial luminance beamed down from tube-like objects in the ceiling.  The tubes buzzed like skeeters on a sultry summer’s eve.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Clear, thin, pliable hoses ran from his forearm and slithered up some odd, metal T-shaped stand from which a clear bag suspended from the edge of the T.  The unusual looking bag held some sort of liquid inside.  He tried to pull the tubes out of his arm, but it felt as if they contained stingers that buried deep into his meaty flesh.  A searing pain coursed through his extremity and up toward his clavicle, as if he’d just been stung by a wasp with a bad attitude.
He sat on some sort of make-shift bed that was both too small for his heft and extremely uncomfortable to lie upon.
Odd gizmos, gadgets, and machines surmounted him, the likes of which he’d never before seen; never even dreamed of.
Beep-beep-beep
Wires with sucker-like appendages dotted his chest, as if they leeches.
Those machines must’ve been the source of that damnable beeping.
He glanced around the small room, but found no door.
He was trapped.  Hooked up to alien machinery and without a clue as to where he was or how he got there.
His heart trolled with long awkward strides.
Beep-ba-beep-ba-beep-ba-beep
He felt naked, but wasn’t.  He no longer donned his cloak, kilt, and deer-skin shirt, but wore a baby-blue gown, the consistency of which resembled finely pressed parchment, and crinkled as he moved.
No, this was wrong.  This was so wrong.
A wave of panic descended upon him like an unexpected sandstorm.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
He tried to rise, but his chest pounded and his bones seemed as brittle as glass.  Febrile and sweaty, he stood and his knees buckled.  He gripped the miniscule bed to keep from colliding to the tabular ground.  He expected the bed to flip, but no, t’was bolted to the floor.
Hyperventilating, he grasped the tubes in his arm and ripped them out with all his might; their long, metallic stingers dripped with his blood, but they weren’t siphoning the precious fluids from him.  Instead, they were injecting him with something no-doubt nefarious.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
He tore the wired-suckers from his chest.
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee…
A hidden door opened in the wall and a handful of men and women dressed in odd clothing scurried in.  Their pantaloons fashioned from some thin material, as was the their strange short-sleeved shirts with V-necks.  The peculiar, white shoes they donned squeaked as they trotted across the smooth flooring.  They wore weird hats and masks made of paper that covered their facial features.
A thin woman with blue-eyes knelt in front of him, and asked, “Sir, are you all right?”
A man with a brusque voice asked, “What are you doing out of bed?”
Another asked, “Can we scan him yet?”
Yet another passed a small tablet-like device over his left hand, and said, “Nope, still nothing.”
All of their accents sounded weird, as if he trapped in some foreign country.
Troll asked, “What’s going on?  Who are thee?  Where am I?”
The woman with blue-eyes said, “Calm down sir, we’re trying to help you.”
Another asked, “Sir, how many fingers am I holding up?”
“Three,” he replied.
“Do you know the day?”
“No.”
“Do you know the year?”
“Regrettably, no?”
“Sir, do you know your name?”
“Aye, t’is Troll.”  Usually he would’ve amended this introduction with an, “at ye’r service.”  But he had no idea who these people were, or their intentions.  Their armor was fashioned from paper-cloth, sure, but for some reason, he couldn’t shake the feeling they soldiers of the king -- Joshua King.
And then he saw her.  It happened so fast; was it even real?
A young vixen with chocolate skin and vivacious curves strut past the open door.
Troll’s strength returned and he arose with such vigor as to knock the paper-king’s men to the ground.  Bracing the walls, he hobbled into a hallway; also white while’st an eerie luminance beamed from above.  A series of doors lined the hall, but the avenue appeared otherwise abandoned.
Ah, but he knew all too well about appearances, didn’t he?
He called, “Star!  Star!”  But his voice sounded meek; lacking its usual diction.  His throat felt itchy and course.  He scratched his neck, but scratching afforded no assuagements.  “Myriam,” he croaked, “my dove.”
Something inside him told him to be quiet and still.  So, he did.  He knelt to the ground and bowed his head.
Please, Lord, tell me what I am to do?  What strange, new path have ye placed before me?
From further down the hall, and around a corridor he heard her voice.
“Charts?”
A husky-voiced woman replied, “Right here, doctor.”
His dove asked, “How’s Mr. Johnson doing?”
Leaning against the wall, his bones feeling like brittle glass, chest throbbing, Troll hobbled toward the origin of that sweet, sweet chirping.
So sweet.
No!  He forced that thought away with all the will he could muster.
His dove asked, “And our John Doe?”
“All quiet.  He’s still unconscious.”
“Well, zoom me as soon as he’s awake.  He’s not scannable and that’s a major problem.”
Was it her?  Could it really be?
There are other worlds, other versions of her.
Troll crept closer.  The eerie luminance tubes flickered from above, and it reminded him of the stringed work-lights from the mines.  That look of elucidation upon Byron’s face before the Sweetie-man took him.  That ice-platform bobbing listlessly in frigid, opal water.
The husky voice said, “I’ve already contacted the authorities.”
His dove replied, “Good.  Zoom me as soon as they’re here.”
“Yes, doctor Starkey.”
Then Troll felt it.  That odd tingling sensation, as if his energy being drained.
Fshwoom
He collapsed to his knees.  His muscles seized and quavered, but he managed to roll over on his back.  His heart sank into his deepest, darkest bowels.
Fedic loomed over him.  He also wore odd clothing of white.  A big, golden button adorned his chest, like that of a sheriff’s badge.  His gray-eyes glimmered in the preternatural light.  That sickish blue aura radiated from him like heat-waves off the desert floor.  He smiled like the Wraith, and asked, “Remember me?”
Troll meant to say, “All too well.”  But before he could utter a single syllable, Fedic blasted him again with another blue, energy burst.
Heart racing, chest throbbing, Troll’s body vibrated at a resonance he thought his fragile bones would shatter.
In his head he heard Anne’s voice over and over and over again, “Whatever ye do, don’t enter the blue door.”
But alas, he already did.  And now it was too late.

****


1

Troll awoke sluggishly, as if struggling to revive from a nightmare that simply refused to release its hold.  He attempted to open his eyes, but he couldn’t, like his eyelids were glued shut.
Beep-beep-beep-beep
That damnable noise returned, but the pace was slower; steady.
He tried opening his eyes again, but only succeeded in cracking the oculars.  A faint, preternatural light burned his pupils, like he was staring at the sun, but the hue resembled more of a pallid white than a beaming, yellow orb.  He motioned to rub the sleep from his vision, but his stalwart muscles barely twitched.  He shook his head to clear the cobwebs, but that only seemed to send the world rocking forth-and-sway, as if his entire universe comprised of a loose spring.
Beep-beep-beep-beep
He tried to sit up.  No use.  The sensation reminiscent to when the Wraith ceased Troll’s motor functions with a waft of its taloned-hand.  He forced his eyes open with all the will he could muster, and that artificial light tortured his pupils evermore.  Vision blurred, he glanced around, but his head barely seemed to move.  He appeared to be in the same cold, sterile room he’d awoken in earlier.
Beep-beep-beep-beep
The odd bag of fluid still hung from its metal T-shaped stand; its clear tubes once again buried stingers into his veins.  Wire-leeches still suckled from his barrel-like chest, while the machines chanted, Beep-beep-beep-beep.
A shadowy figure loomed over him, and for the briefest of moments, he terrified the Wraith returned.  He blinked a few times and shook his head again.  He felt foggy, light-headed.  Nausea swirled within his gullet, and for the utmost of brevity, he certain he about to vomit.
The apparition leaned in closer, but t’was not the Wraith; it was the same blue-eyed woman wearing cloth garments and a paper hat and mask.  Cradling an odd-looking tablet, she asked, “Feeling better?”
He meant to ask, “Where am I?” but his words came out all jumbled and slurred, as if soused.  Troll had never been poisoned before, but he remained fairly confident this must’ve been what it felt like.  “W…wa’s…inn…ing…?”
Brow creased in effeminate folds, slender eyebrows arched, she replied, “I’m sorry, sir, but I can’t understand you.”
“Wh…ere…I…?
She said, “You went berserk and attacked myself and some of the other nurses, so we had to sedate you.”
Did he?  He didn’t remember it that way.  Funny, he heard hear voice clear as day, but his vision blurred, light-headed, and his speech and motor skills seemed impaired.
She continued, “We rated you +4 on the RASS scale, so we’ve given you an intubated mix of morphine and propofol.”
What?  Perhaps he didn’t understand her words as clearly as he thought.  All he ascertained from her jargon was that they “gave” him something, but he retained no memory of that.
She released a noise that sounded like an amalgamation of a laugh and a sigh, and said, “Of course, we also had to restrain you.  I apologize for the inconvenience, but it’s SOP in a situation like this.”
Sure enough, he was cuffed to the small, uncomfortable table by fabric straps that held tight as steel.
She added, “But you seem calmer now, so I’m just gonna go ahead and back you off your meds, plus the doctor would like a word with you.”
Troll stuttered, “S…ta…sta…”
With elegant fingers she pressed the tablet’s face in random places, and said, “There, you should be feeling a bit more lucid in a few moments.”  She sauntered toward a machine, placed her palm on a screen fashioned from opal glass, and said, “Doctor Starkey, the patient is awake now.”
From somewhere unseen, he heard Star’s voice crackle, “Thank you, Susan, I’ll be in in a moment.”
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Urgency filling his bones, he attempted to sit once more (but couldn’t), and called, “Sss…ta…sta!”
“Take it easy, sir.  The doctor will be in to see you momentarily.”
Troll relaxed.
Beep-beep-beep
His dove was coming to him.
A coldness coursed through his veins.  Chest rising and falling like granules of sand across ever-changing desert, he asked, “Wh…where…am…I…?”
Shuffling toward him, she patted his hand, and said, “Relax, you’re safe.  You’re in the hospital.”
The what?
A whoosh sounded, and then a white-paneled wall moved aside; no-doubt the very same door he tried to escape through earlier.  And just like before, Star loomed in the archway.  She wore a long, white coat over thin pink-colored clothes.  The shirt she sported also fashioned with the same V-neck as her constituents.  Her hair was black and straight, averse to long, golden curls; and smartly tied up in a bun.  Although silky bangs loomed over her smooth forehead.  Her eyes brown, but her face, voice, and physique equaled that of the Star he knew; the one he’d left behind.  With the same saucy gait of his dove, she strutted inside.  She too held a small tablet-like device.  Gaze glued to the instrument (as if inspecting her faulty compass), she strolled toward him, and said, “Good afternoon, my name is Dr. Mary-Anne Starkey.  Can you tell me yours?”
“T…ro…ll…”
“I’m sorry, what was that?”
Troll rolled his desiccate tongue around his mouth, gathered his wits, took a deep breath, and said, “Troll.”
“Is that a first or last name?”
Bones weary, muscles fatigued, his head lolled to the side.  He slurred, “T…roll”
Dr. Starkey asked the blue-eyed nurse, “Is this how he always talks?”
Bashfully hunching her shoulders, she replied, “No, Dr., he was quite lucid earlier, and very articulate.”
Was he?  Once again, he didn’t recall that ever transpiring.
Dr. Starkey asked, “What’s he on?”
Fingering the tablet in her grip, the nurse replied, “I’m zooming you now.”
Dr. Starkey stared at her own tablet like she reading a book.  Biting her bottom lip, she nodded, and said, “Mhmm, well let’s give him 30mg of ephedrine.”
Eyes wide, the nurse lurched back, as if a roach just scuttled across her shoes.  She asked, “Dr. are you sure that’s wise?”
“Of course,” Dr. Starkey replied.  She glanced back and forth between Troll and her tablet, and said, “Look at this guy, he’s as big as an efficiency apartment.”  An awkward smirk painted her beautiful face, like whenever she attempted concealing a smile.
He knew that smile.
Dr. Starkey cleared her throat, and said, “Better yet, make it 50mg.”
Gape glued to her tablet, the nurse chirped, “You’re the doctor.”
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
A tingling rushed through the hollows of his very essence.  His skin crawled with an antsy sensation, and suddenly felt like he had to void his bowels.  His heart beat with the rapacious rhyme of the king’s war drums.  His vision cleared and his mouth felt drier than when he traversed the Mo’tave desert.
Was that even real?  Was this?
The nurse said, “That should do it.  He’s all yours doctor.”
Still gazing at her own tablet, Dr. Starkey replied, “Thank you, Susan.  You may return to your rounds.”
Susan proffered a slight bow then trotted toward the white-paneled wall.  She passed her left-hand across something.
Whoosh
The white-paneled wall opened once more, revealing a door, and Susan took her leave.
Troll surveyed his environment now that he bit more clear-headed.
The room appeared cramped, smaller than a Krinian hut.  Windowless.  The walls and floors a glossy white that no-doubt intended for the occupant to experience a cleanly vibe.  But it only caused sterile shivers racing up and down his spine.  The odd buzzing, tubular lights hummed from above.  Complex machines, gadgets, and gizmos surmounted him like sentinels assessing his every move.
Dr. Starkey pulled a wheeled-stool from underneath a desk and sat within arm’s reach of Troll (if he not restrained).
Face scrunched, and with a piercing gunman’s gaze, she asked, “Do I know you?”
There are other worlds, other versions of her.
Sure, this was Star.  He knew that beyond a shadow of a doubt.  But it wasn’t his Star; just some doppelganger sent by the Wraith, Joshua King, to tug at his already torn heart-strings.
As a frigid, empty feeling of loneliness shivered through his bones, he attempted to perform his characteristic running of a hand down the left-side of his face before remembering him restrained.  He sighed, and that coldness dug deeper with the tenacious malignancy of cancer.  He replied, “No, my dear.  I don’t see how that’s possible.”
Biting her lower lip, she toyed at the collar of her white-coat, as if twirling a finger around the compasses’ chain, she said, “Alright, well let’s get down to it.  As I mentioned, my name’s Dr. Mary-Anne Starkey, and I’m one of the head residents.  You were in an accident.  Do you remember any of it?”
A phantasmagoria of images flashed through his mind’s eye.  Black, tabular streets with painted colored lines.  Blinking lights.  Monolithic structures of glass and steel.  A Large, mechanized carriage barreled towered him like a train speeding toward Al’ber Que.  A cacophonous maelstrom of indecipherable voices and blaring honks.
“Aye.”
Smirking, she asked, “Aye?  Are you from Scotland?”
“What-land?”
Gaze glued to the tablet, she grinned, and said, “Never mind.  Anyway, your BP is 160 over 100, which is rather high, but not uncommon for a person in your condition.”
“My condition?”
“Yes, the scar tissue around your right coronary artery is indicative of an acute myocardial infarction.”
“A what?”
Dr. Starkey donned that all-to-familiar awkward grin.  Gaze downcast, she exhaled a whimsical huff, and said, “Basically, you had a mild heart-attack.”
Troll scoffed, “Tell me something I don’t know.”
Sighing, Dr. Starkey said, “Okay, well, your heartbeat’s arrhythmic, but that’s fairly common for heart-attack survivors.  You’re malnourished, especially for a man of your…well, stature.  Oh, but your CBC checks out, so that’s good news.”  Scanning the tablet, she swept a lithe finger across its face and continued, “Also, somehow, you’ve managed to contract a rather nasty, but dormant, case of histoplasmosis.  Mind telling me how that happened?”
Unable to meet her gape, Troll replied, “My dear, I don’t even know what that means.  Is it fatal?”
“No, you don’t possess any symptoms of chills, fever, aching or sore muscles, headaches, or anything of that nature.”
Suddenly, he whisked back to the deep, deep dark; standing before a mound of festering bodies who’d met their demise from cave-rot.  The lambent glow of his torch/staff illuminated their pain twisted faces juxtaposed by long shadows.  Even now, the putrid stench violated his sinuses like strafing arrows.
She continued, “Normally we don’t treat asymptomatic patients for histoplasmosis, but,” she glanced down at the tablet’s face again, released an amused huff, and said, “Your exposure rates are off the charts.  So, we’ve given you 10cc’s of Amphotericin B just to be safe.”  Chuckling, she gazed up at him, and asked, “I’m curious, how did you come to be exposed to such…I don’t know…an archaic ailment.  Have you been cave-diving, or spelunking, or something like that?”
His cerebrations reassembled that horrific look painted upon Byron’s face.
So sweet.
A cold shiver raced up and down his spine once more.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
He replied, “Alas, I knoweth not.”
“Are you a Shakespearean actor?”
“A what?”
She studiously scanned him up and down, and asked, “You’re not from around here, are you?”
How would he answer that?  He didn’t know.
His thoughts drifted back to Silverdale, where Goodies died of horrible farm accidents.  He asked, “What of this accident ye mentioned?”
“Well, according to citizens on the scene, you were standing in the middle of the street when you were hit by a city bus.”
Again, he had no idea what she was talking about.  Aye, this surely was a strange and terrible world to awake in.
Observing the tablet once more, she said, “You sustained a few cuts, scrapes, and bruises, but no broken bones, no internal hemorrhaging, or anything of that nature.”  Chuckling, she added, “Which is pretty miraculous considering you were hit by a full-sized bus.”
“Anything else I should know?
“Yes.”  Sigh.  “You’re also afflicted with giantism.”
“Aye, I am a giant of a man.”
“No, you don’t understand.  With giantism coupled with your recent heart-attack; the stress of you bones, your arteries…everything…well…let me ask you this, have you always been this…big?”
“I’m afraid I don’t know.”
“I only ask because giantism stems from a malfunction of the pituitary gland resulting in hyper-secretion of growth hormones.  Typically signs of gigantism or giantism are an enlargement of the face, hands, feet, and excessive height.  But the thing is, you’re not just tall, you’re…”
“Big?”
“Yes, Mr. Troll, was it?”
“Aye.”
“Yes, you’re very big.  So, my question is, have you always been this big, even as a child, or is your overall stature a new development?”
“I can’t remember.”
“Are you experiencing any other memory loss at this time?”
“No, my dove, my memory’s fine.  I simply don’t remember my childhood.”
“Well, okay, that’s understandable, and Dr. Starkey is just fine.  The only reason I inquire is because if you’ve always been this big then you’re probably suffering from giantism, but if it’s a recent affliction it’s probably acromegaly, which is treatable.”
“And this giantism, as ye call it, isn’t?”
“No, sir, I’m afraid not.”
Troll was about to ask what this meant of his fate.
As if reading his thoughts (but probably the confused look on his face), she replied, “Basically, you’re just going to keep growing until your organs are crushed beneath your own weight.”
You seem taller.
She continued, “It also causes detriment to your skeletal and circulatory system.  Most people suffering from giantism don’t live past their forties, if they’re lucky.  And I estimate your age around mid-to-late thirties.  Although your graying hair might suggest otherwise.  And as I said, that coupled with your recent heart-attack and arrhythmia…well…”
“What are ye trying to say, doctor?”
She placed the tablet in her coat pocket, and gently took his hand.  Unable to meet his gape, she said, “I’m not sure how much time you have left.”
Whoosh
The white-paneled door slid aside once more.  A man garbed in white-leather clothing marched inside.  He wore a shiny, white helmet with a face mask fashioned from some reflective, opal material.
Troll reminisced on the king’s men and their black armor with snarling animals carved upon their face-masks, and shivered.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
God, he desired to tear those wired-suckers from his chest, but alas, he couldn’t.
Dr. Starkey held her palm out to the man, and said, “Please, officer, I said I needed a few minutes to disclose the patients’ diagnosis.”
The officer replied, “I’m sorry ma’am--”
“Doctor.”
“I’m sorry doctor, but orders are orders, and I’ve been instructed to talk to the patient as soon as he’s lucid, which he seems to be.”
Once again, Troll descended back into the deep, deep dark.  Turn-coats pounded the scratch-mark upon their chest-plates, and barked, “Ar-ar!”
Dr. Starkey bit her bottom lip.  Fingering the collar of her long, white coat, she replied, “Very well, proceed.”
Helmet bobbing, he placed his hands on his hips, and chuckled, “Dr. are we gonna have a problem here?”
She snorted, “This man is my patient.  I’m his doctor.  And he has his rights.”
The officer conceded his gloved palms, and sighed, “Okay, okay.”  He removed his helmet.  The man’s hair was short, cropped, and dirty-blonde; his face princely and cleanly shaven.
Troll blinked in disbelief, and asked, “‘Ro?”
The officer that looked like ‘Ro (but probably wasn’t), gazed at Troll, and asked, “I’m sorry, what was that?”
But Troll didn’t answer.  How could he?  He had no idea what to say, and even if he did, it would no-doubt come out all wrong.  So, he hung his head in dejection, and said nothing.
The officer clomped toward him, and said, “Sir, my name’s Peace Officer, Jeffrey Jessip, and yours is?”
“Troll,” he replied.
“Uh-huh, I see,” Officer Jessip produced a tablet of his own, gazed at it, and asked, “And is that a first or last name.”
“T’is my only name.”
“T’is?  I’m sorry, did you just say the word t’is?”
Dr. Starkey scoffed, “Actually, it’s a contraction, but yeah, that’s just how he talks.”
“Uh-huh, I see.”  He said to Troll, “Well, sir, the reason I’m here is because you’re un-scannable.”
“I’m sorry,” Troll replied, “But I don’t know what that means.”
Hands on his hips, Officer Jessip donned an awkward (and familiar grin), and snorted, “You don’t know what that means?  How do you not know what that means?”
Dr. Starkey interjected, “Officer you must understand that Mr. Troll just came off heavy sedation and--”
Officer Jessip said, “I’m sorry, are you his doctor or his attorney?  Please remind me, because I have the attention span of a goldfish.”
A spirited fire burned behind Dr. Starkey’s dark, brown-eyes, but she clamped her mouth shut; no-doubt concealing a snide retort.
Perhaps this woman wasn’t so different from the Star he’d known after all.
Officer Jessip’s grin widened.  He waltzed toward Troll, and said, “This is scanning.”  He passed his left-hand upon the surface of his tablet and showed it to Troll.
All of Officer Jessip’s pertinents were displayed upon the glossy face of the tablet:  His name, weight, height, eye-color, vocation, and even something called his serial number.
Troll muttered, “I don’t understand.”
Officer Jessip replied, “You see, everyone has a chip embedded in the wrist of their left-hand, which allows people to scan each other for verification, that and among other things.  But we can’t scan you.  You don’t have a chip.”
Perplexed, Troll asked, “So?”
Officer Jessip forced a laugh, and said, “So, we haven’t encountered an un-scannable or John Doe, or Jane for over twenty years.”
Troll uttered, “That sounds like a personal problem.”
Arms crossed, Officer Jessip leaned back.  Grin widened to a maniacal magnitude, he replied, “Oh, it is.  For you.”
Troll attempted to run his fingertips down his scar and beard before remembering him restrained.  He asked, “So, by not possessing one of these so-called chips, ye’r saying I’ve inherently broken some sort of law.”
Officer Jessip chuckled, “Well, it’s not a law.  It’s just strange, is all.  And I’ve been instructed to investigate your mysterious appearance.  Where are you from?”
Gazing at Dr. Starkey, he replied, “Not from around here.”
“Yes, I think we’ve established that based on your accent.”
His accent?  What about their accents; so nasal and uppity?
Officer Jessip persisted, “Tell me where you came from.”
In his mind, he heard Star’s voice say, “Don’t tell this son-of-a-bitch nothing.  He ain’t the ‘Ro we know.”
Troll worked his tongue around his desiccate mouth, sighed, and said, “I’m afraid I knoweth not, for my accident ye see has left me a bit bereft of memory.”
Officer Jessip asked Dr. Starkey, “Who is this guy, Shakespeare or something?”
Arms crossed, she snidely retorted, “Oh, so now I’m allowed to speak?”
Rolling his eyes, Jessip huffed, “Never mind.”  He asked Troll, “So, do you remember anything about your accident?”
Don’t tell him nothing.
“No,” Troll replied.
“Perhaps, anything before your accident?  Any lingering memories at all?”
“No, I’m afraid not.”
“Uh-huh, I see.”  Officer Jessip cleared his throat, ran a hand through his short, cropped hair, and asked, “Well, is there anything you can tell me about yourself?  Anything at all?”
Gaze dithering between the doctor and the officer, Troll replied, “Apparently I’m dying.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, sir.”  He said to Dr. Starkey, “I know I have no legal right to ask this, but how bad is it?  Or would you prefer to answer that with a lawyer present?”
Smirking, she replied, “No, I’ll answer that.”  Sighing, she toyed with her shirt collar, and said, “Without divulging any personal details, the prognosis isn’t good.  Unfortunately, without a chip, we don’t have any of his medical history or proof of health insurance, so there’s literally nothing we can do for him.”
Troll said, “Then perhaps ye might find it in ye’r hearts to release me from these bonds so that I may die in peace.”  He gestured to the bed he was strapped to, and added, “And on more comfortable furnishings.”
Officer Jessip ran a hand through his hair again, and said, “I’m sorry sir, but we just can’t do that.  An un-scannable can’t just go strolling around.”
Troll scoffed, “Why not, what harm could an old man on his death-bed be to your society?”
“Your society?”
Frowning, Dr. Starkey asked, “What?”
Officer Jessip replied, “Nothing, I just think it’s interesting the way he phrased that, your society.”  Gazing at Troll, he continued, “But seriously, without a chip you can’t have a bank account, you can’t get a job, you can’t rent an apartment, you can’t buy groceries or pay your bills, hell, you can’t even zoom anybody.”  Snorting, he shrugged, and asked, “I mean, where you gonna go?  What you gonna do?”
Troll replied, “I suppose that’s my problem, not yours.”
“Uh-huh, I see.”
Troll stared at Dr. Starkey, and asked, “So ye’d just leave me strapped to this blasted table until I expire?”
Unable to meet his gape, she replied, “I’m sorry sir, but without being able to scan you we can neither treat you nor release you.  And as much as it pains me to say it, the officer is right.  There’s nowhere you can go, and nothing you can do without being able to be scanned.”
An awkward moment of silence elapsed.
Officer Jessip said to Troll, “Tell you what, since you can’t be zoomed, I’ll give you my card, and if you remember anything, anything at all, contact me, and maybe I might be able to do something to at least have your restraints removed, until then my hands are tied.”  He fished around in the pocket of his white, leather jacket and produced a small, sturdy, rectangular piece of paper.
Snorting in amusement, Dr. Starkey said, “A business card?  That’s a little bit old fashioned, don’t you think?”
Shrugging, Officer Jessip replied, “Hey, what can I say, I’m sentimental.”
They stared at each other momentarily, and Dr. Starkey blushed.
Grinding his teeth, Troll felt the angry green-pinch of jealousy.
That was his woman.  But alas, it wasn’t.  He’d lost his Star.
Troll cleared his throat, and Officer Jessip held out his “card”.  Forearms cuffed to the table, Troll opened his hands, as if saying, “What am I to do with that?”
Dr. Starkey chimed, “I’ll take it.”
Officer Jessip asked, “Really?”
“Yeah, I am his doctor.”
“But not his attorney, right?”  He gave her his card, and they both smiled at each other.
Blushing ever more, Dr. Starkey said, “You never know, I just might want to zoom you some time.”
Officer Jessip replied, “Anytime would be fine with me.”
She accepted the irregular piece of parchment.  Their fingers touched and she released a coquettish giggle.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Was this why Troll was sent here?  Strapped to a table, forced to watch a friend fall in love with his woman.  No.  That was one thing he simply refused to suffer.
Troll grumbled, “If ye’r both quite finished, much has happened and I need to rest.”
Officer Jessip replied, “Sure, no problem.”  He turned to Dr. Starkey, and said, “Doctor, after you.”
With a twinkle in her eyes, she smiled, and said, “I’ll show you the way out, officer.”  She passed her left hand across her tablet, and worked her fingers upon the object’s face.  The white-paneled door slid to the side with a whoosh.
Troll waited for them to leave and the door to close, and then he wept.

****

Joshua King stood in his mausoleum-like penthouse office, gazing out above the New York City skyline.  Much of lower and midtown Manhattan had been rebuilt after the city was attacked by terrorists in the year 2020.  Of course, they weren’t actually jihadists or extremists.  Most of the attacks were perpetrated by America’s own government; false-flags designed to initiate a full-on world war 3 (But hey, it worked in 2001, when the U.S. not only allowed an assault on the homeland, but also orchestrated it).  But that was fine, these people could destroy as much of their world as they saw fit.  Joshua would (and did) rebuild the rubble into a realm of his liking.
His rotunda-shaped office had been fashioned from the finest of black marble juxtaposed by flecks and ripples of white and silver.  Doric pillars with fluted shafts decorated the curved walls.  The barrel-vaulted ceiling loomed fifteen feet overhead.  On the other end of the room, and directly across from his desk stood a large metallic door; his private elevator.  Domed wall sconces only illuminated the office when he entertained company, which he rarely did.  To his left, a massive fire place had been carved into the marble surface.  The hearth and mantel guarded by squatting gargoyles, also comprised of rich marble.  To his right, a vaulted archway led to his private chambers.
Staring out the huge window, he smiled, and uttered, “My kingdom come.”  Joshua King aka the Wraith loathed smiling, but how could he not smile when centuries of machinating dwindled on the cusp of complete victory?
True, Joshua remained content letting humans vilify, persecute, and murder each other, but he wasn’t okay with the globalist elite controlling everything, regulating everyone, instituting one-world government, and a one-world bank, and wanting immortality.  Only he would live forever.  Only he would control the world.  And then, only he would destroy it.  So, in 2035 he put a stop to the globalist elite -- permanently.  After decades of supplying forces with armaments, he took their toys away.  He ended world war 3, and unified the globe with the very notion so many had been so afraid of -- a one-world government, and one-world currency -- the credit.
Still, much remained before assuring a total triumph, but as so he often said, the devil was in the details.  And he’d personally perfected each and every one.
A whoosh sounded as the door to his private elevator opened, and then the light clomping of high-heeled shoes encroached.
He turned his attention from the city skyline to his approaching sister.
She asked, “Brooding, are we?”
A playful tone lurked behind her words, but she didn’t smile.  Unlike him, Lilith never smiled.
Lilith King stood tall and slender.  Her lithe shoulders, arms, and legs seemed to glide as she sauntered toward him.  She wore tight-fighting black-clothes that accentuated her buxom features, but then again, she always wore black.  Her skin resembled that of white porcelain; so pallid she sometimes appeared dead.  Her long, raven-colored hair tied up in a bun.  Her icy almond-shaped eyes as penetrating as ever.  Her pouty lips smeared in a crimson shade of lip-gloss.  Like most humans, she totted her tablet with her everywhere she went.  But she wasn’t human.  Once upon a time in the long-long ago, Lilith was nothing more than an elemental that lured Cain toward the dark after he’d murdered his brother Able, and expelled from the land of Nod.  Now she a demon donning a fleshy disguise.  Now she a Hellion.
Joshua floated toward his tabular, opal desk, and sat in a plush chair of black-leather.
She minced within feet of him, and sat upon the edge of the grandiose, oaken furnishing.  Gazing at her brother with intense cataract-blue-eyes, she asked, “Where are we?”
Joshua leaned back in his favorite chair, steepled his fingers, and said, “Everything’s still going as planned.  Troll’s trapped in Beth Israel Hospital, and that cursed mutt is right where we left him.”
“I still don’t understand why you let the giant come after us.  We’ve got the one we want.”
“Because, without Troll’s presence, I’m left unchallenged.  And I like a challenge.”
“Could he actually defeat us?”
“Maybe the three of them together could, but his woman is dead, and his trinity is broken.  And like I said, without him here our victory would be too easy.  I want him to try and stop us.  I want him to hold on to hope, so I can take it away.”
“But you said it yourself; he’s trapped in Beth Israel.”  She rolled her eyes, and said, “I don’t know why you never changed the name of that hospital after you rebuilt it.”
He replied, “What’s wrong with the name?  I like it.  It has a certain somber ring to it.”
“Yes, but why bring him here?  If he can’t be scanned then the hospital can neither treat him nor release him.”
“I know, but he’ll still get out.  Don’t underestimate him.  Besides, I own the building.”
She snorted, “I’m glad to see you’re in such an amorous mood.”
“Why not?  As I said, everything’s going exactly as planned.”
She huffed, “Not exactly.”
“What do you mean?”
“When their dog crossed over, one of our men tried to scan him.”
“Really?  I’m pretty sure I gave explicit orders not to.”
“You did.”
“Did anyone else?”
“No, the others followed your instructions to the letter.  But the giant was labeled as a John Doe.  We can’t have two John Does showing up on the same day within the vicinity of a two-square block radius.  The way things are zoomed now-a-days, people would find out, and start asking questions.”
Joshua reclined in his chair and rubbed his palms together.
She was right.  This was a hitch in the plan.  A minute one, but all the same, a problem was a problem.  Sure, he enjoyed a challenge -- so long as he controlled the outcome.
She continued, “A John Doe hasn’t been reported in over twenty years.  One’s a fluke, but two is a coincidence.”
“I know.  And I agree.”
“So how would you like to proceed?”
“Do we know the one who tried scanning the mutt?”
She didn’t need to reply or zoom him the information via tablet.  He could read her thoughts.
Her voice resonated clear-as-a-bell, “We do.”
Then a face formed within his mind’s eye.
Without hesitation, he said, “Good.  Kill him.  Let Fedic do it.  He’s been a bit stir-crazy since he first crossed over.”
Lilith’s posture and face remained stoic.  Of course, she never expressed emotion except when feigning it.
“You don’t trust him.”
She replied, “I just don’t know why you brought him here?  His purpose has been served.  He’s a loose-end.  One we don’t need.”
But Fedic’s purpose hadn’t been served.  At least, not yet.  Of course, he wouldn’t tell her that.  There was much he omitted disclosing to his brothers and sister.
Joshua said, “I like him.”
“You like him?”
Chuckling, he amended, “Well, his talents and candor entertain me.  But you must admire his unwavering loyalty to me.”
“To you, but not me.”
“Jealous?”
“I don’t get jealous.”
A moment of silence elapsed as they gazed into each other’s eyes.
An insatiable hunger shimmered behind Lilith’s faded, unemotive oculars.
Fingers steepled, Joshua said, “Have Fedic kill the man who scanned the mutt and silence anyone else who knows about the two John Does.”
“Consider it done.”  But she didn’t leave.  She just sat there on the desk’s edge, gazing hungrily into his eyes.
He asked, “Anything else.”
Once again, her face showed no emotion, yet her voice held a salacious inflection.  She said, “This task will not take long to accomplish.  Can we not first engage in fleshy pleasures?”
Joshua smiled.  He hated it.  But how could he not?  As long as he trapped in corporal form, he might as well enjoy it.
He replied, “Of course.”
And then Lilith unzipped her pants.

****

Anne Warwick reclined in her cozy first-class seat.  Most people didn’t even fly anymore, they took the bullet-trains or monorails because they too busy or impatient to bask in the serenity of air travel.  But not her.  She enjoyed the trip as much as arriving at the destination, possibly more so.  Plus, she loved soaring above the clouds; it made her feel as free as a bird.  Not to mention, in this day and age, flying was the cheapest way to see the world.
She plugged her earbuds in and worked her elegant fingers upon the tablet in her lap until she found the file she searched for -- her new album.  Of course, it wasn’t nearly finished, but Anne kept so preoccupied she usually juggled multiple projects at one time.  That was fine.  She could do it all.  In addition to the six previous albums (plus the one she currently working on), Anne wrote (and published), poetry, short stories, plays, novels, and articles.  She owned her own fashion line.  She drew and painted (a few of her more dazzling masterpieces were currently on display at the Met).  Her last book (about pre-20th century philosophy), earned her constant invitations to guest lecture at some of the most prestigious institutions around the world, including (but not limited to), Harvard, Oxford, and Cambridge.  Her last play, “At the Speed of Storm”, still ran in London, Paris, and Broadway, and probably would’ve won her a Tony (just like her first three albums no-doubt would’ve earned her a few Grammy’s), had people still engaged in such frivolous ceremonies.  Just last year, Time Magazine entitled her the century’s first Renaissance woman.  She golfed 65 (on a good day), and ran a four-and-a-half-minute mile.  She studied with the Tibetan Monks.  She swam with Great White sharks off the Great Barrier Reef.  She raced formula-1 cars, and constantly sky-dived, cave-dived, scuba-dived, and any other form of diving under the sun.  Yes, Anne could do it all because with an IQ of 210, she could literally accomplish anything she set her mind on.  Even at the age of twenty-seven, she’d already accomplished more than most people would dare even dream to in their entire lifetime.  Yet something was missing.  Despite all her travels and all she’d experienced, a lonesome wanderlust still blazed within her like a raging wildfire.
She keyed the tablet and found the track she currently working on, “Heaven Tempt Me Not”.  She pressed play and the song’s driving base-line started.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-ba-dum
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-ba-da-dum
Head bobbing, she opened the next file, and the lyrics faded in.
Heaven tempt me not
For I am not what I was
Upon a lonely road
I stand still as I roam
And if I could I’d escape
Upon ethereal planes
But I’m still young
Too much left undone
So, Heaven tempt me not
That’s where the guitars, drums, and piano would kick in, but she didn’t open those files, (Anne wrote all the music herself, and only played with her band, Warwick and the Reverends, when on tour).  She needed to listen to the lyrics in rhythm with the base.  Her voice sounded fine, but something was wrong with the words; the way they came out.  Hopefully a four-hour flight could remedy that.
The song cut-out abruptly as a new window displayed on her tablet.
The woman on the display-window was non-other than her college dorm-mate and best friend.
Smiling, the woman on the display-window said, “Hey, girlfriend.”
Anne replied, “Hola, Dr. Starkey.  Que Pasa?  Comma ustad estad, me harmana?”
Smirking, Dr. Mary-Anne Starkey rolled her eyes, and huffed, “Anne, you know I don’t speak Spanish.”
“Why not?  Don’t you see Spanish speaking patients all the time?”
Dr. Starkey snorted, “Yeah, but my tablet translates for me.”
“Well, you should learn it anyway.  The way things have gone over the last twenty-years, who knows how long we’ll all be using tablets.  Remember, the only thing that remains constant is the fact that everything changes.”
“Ever the philosopher.”
“Plus, Spanish is such a beautiful language.”
Fidgeting with the collar of her white doctor’s coat, Mary-Anne asked, “So what’s up?  I know you’ve been on tour with the band, but I haven’t heard from you in a while.”
“Yeah, sorry about that.  Things have been hectic lately.”
“Everything okay?”
Anne opened her mouth to relay the loneliness eating away at her soul.  Instead, she said, “Yeah, fine.  How are you?”
“Busy, but things are going good.  How’s Ted?”
Ah, yes, Ted.  The British misogynist with a great body and debilitating substance-abuse problem.
“Who?”
Chuckling, Mary-Anne asked, “You know, Ted, the Brit with a wicked silver-tongue.”
Sighing, she replied, “Broke up.”
“Ooh, I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Don’t be, the guy was a top-drawer douche.”
They both laughed in unison.
Anne asked, “What about you?  Seeing anyone?”
Blushing, Mary-Anne replied, “Well, I just kinda met someone.  He asked me out.”  Smile widening, she added, “And I said yes.  We’re going out to dinner tonight.”
Anne said, “Yeah?  Is he cute?”
Nodding, she said, “Yeah, he is, but he’s a peace officer with a really thick Brooklyn accent.  And you know how I feel about that.”
She did.  Mary-Anne used to say that a Brooklyn accent sounded too lowbrow; almost troglodytic.  Anne disagreed; she found the nasally timbre assuaging.  And they’d shared engaging discussions over the matter back in college.
Smiling, Anne said, “Still, I’m happy for you.”
A peaceful moment of silence elapsed as both just stared at each other, and released a sigh of comfort.
Mary-Anne asked, “So, where are you now?  Off on another grand adventure?”
“Actually, I’m on my way to LaGuardia right now.”
“Really?”  Mary-Anne’s thin eyebrows peeked in a pyramid-like shape as her cheeks dimpled in a radiant smile.  “You’re coming to New York?”
“Yup.  I have to meet with my publisher tomorrow morning regarding my new book, and then I’m coming to visit you.  So, strap your dancing shoes on, girl, ‘cause we’re gonna party.”
Squealing in delight, Mary-Anne clapped, and said, “Oh, I can’t wait, it’s been so long since we--”
Her voice was interrupted by another’s.
“Dr. Starkey, we’ve got a problem with our John Doe.  It seems he refuses to eat--”
Within the miniscule display-window of Anne’s tablet, Mary-Anne conceded a palm, silencing the interjector, and said, “Fine, I’ll be in to see him in a few minutes.”
Baffled, Anne asked, “Did I just hear that right?  You’ve got a John Doe?”
Mary-Anne dipped her head, but refused to answer.
“How is that possible?”
Mary-Anne replied, “I’ve been advised not to talk about it.”
“Okay…well, that’s new.  I thought we always told each other everything.”
“We do, but this time is different.  There’s a lot of buzz around this case, and…I don’t know…there’s just something about this guy.”  The glimmer in her gape suggested Mary-Anne as intrigued as she was frightened.
That didn’t make sense.  Mary-Anne didn’t scare easily.  Something was up.
Shrugging, Anne replied, “Well…okay…I mean, if you can’t talk about it, then you can’t talk about it.  Either way, I’ll see you in a day or two.  Don’t worry, I’ll zoom you first,” grinning, she amended, “that way I don’t ruin your date.”

****

Troll was trapped; immured within a world he could neither fathom nor understand.  The table he strapped to grew prodigiously more uncomfortable each second he restrained.  His arm pulsated with pain where tubed stingers sank into his flesh.  His back ached and his legs listless.  Those strange lights still cast the room in a preternatural luminance that buzzed like skeeters on a sultry summer night.  And of course, that damnable noise still nattered on.
Beep-beep-beep
Worse yet, was Susan hiding behind her paper mask and hat, trying to spoon-feed him some gelatinous goop, as if he some invalid.
She sighed, and said, “Sir, you have to eat something.”
Troll glanced at the slop resting on a small table placed over his waist, and asked, “Would ye eat that?”
“I’m sorry, sir.  But I can’t give you solid foods yet.  Doctor’s orders.”
“Then perhaps a flagon of ale.”
Slender eyebrows arched, she asked, “A what?”
Alas, communicating with these people was impossible.  Either he couldn’t comprehend their jargon, or they didn’t understand him.  If only he had his trusty journal, perhaps he could begin learning their language just as he did in Al’ber Que.
She dabbed another spoonful of mush and brought it toward his face.  In a tone much like a mother would employ to coerce a stubborn child, she said, “Here comes the monorail.  Open up the doors.”
Grimacing, Troll turned his head in an air of defiance.  A drizzle of slop fell on his chin like fat drops of rain.
She said, “I’m not wiping your chin until you at least take one bite.”
A bite?  How could one chew such gruel?  No, he did not appreciate being treated in such a fashion.
Whoosh
The white-paneled wall slid aside and once again (as if to taunt him), Star’s avatar, Mary-Anne Starkey, strolled inside.  “Good evening, Mr. Troll, I understand you’ve been giving the staff problems.”
Troll snorted, “Hardly.”
Susan sighed in exasperation and rested the spoon in the pool of slop.  Shrugging, she said, “It’s no use, doctor.  I’ve tried everything.  He just refuses to eat.”
Troll murmured (but loud enough for his captors to hear), “Perhaps if thee tried treating me as an adult instead of a child.”
Dr. Starkey strut within feet of him.  Clutching her tablet tight to her breast, she asked, “Not hungry?”
“On the contrary, I’m quite famished.”
“So why don’t you want to eat your dinner?”
“Ye call that dinner?  My dear, I don’t even know what that is.  Do ye?”
Keying her tablet, Dr. Starkey replied, “It’s a mixture of proteins, vitamins, and minerals.  Everything a growing giant needs.  Of course, we have been feeding you nutrients through your IV, but the nurse is right, you do need to eat something.”  Brow furrowed, biting her bottom lip, and fingers working faster upon the display, she asked, “Susan, why does his file say he’s not allowed solid foods?”
Shoulders hunched, Susan replied, “Dr. Richmond told me that.”
Nodding at Troll, Dr. Starkey asked, “Did Dr. Richmond enter this into his file.”
Slightly bowing her head, Susan replied, “Yes, Dr.”
“Okay, well Dr. Richmond is an intern who can’t tell the difference between his own asshole and a catheter.”
A fiery passion glimmered in Dr. Starkey’s eyes and it tore at Troll’s soul, for even though he recognized that look, this was not his Star.
Dr. Starkey glanced at the tray of slop, and then glared at Susan.  She said, “Do you see the size of this man?  Do you really think that little plate of gruel will appease him?  Let alone sustain him?”
Susan stuttered, “I…I…”
Dr. Starkey amended, “Please, nurse, run down and fetch this man a few sandwiches and some fresh fruit.  Maybe even a bowl of pudding.”
“Sorry doctor, but the caf is closed.”
Stomach growling, Troll asked, “Calf, what calf?  Be there meat on the premises?”
Brow furrowed, bottom lip protruding, Dr. Starkey gazed at him for a moment before chuckling.  “No, Mr. Troll.  Not calf is in a baby cow, but caf.  C A F.  It’s short for cafeteria.”
He didn’t even bother asking what that meant.  What was the point?
Dr. Starkey said to Susan, “Go to my office and bring him a couple protein shakes.”
“I…I don’t have clearance.”
Keying her tablet, Dr. Starkey replied, “You do now.”
“Yes, doctor.  Right away.”  And then Susan took her leave as the white-paneled wall slid aside with a pneumatic whoosh.
Dr. Starkey placed her beloved tablet in her coat pocket, and sat down on the wheeled-stool next to Troll.  Scowling at the tray of goop, she said, “You’re right, Mr. Troll, even I wouldn’t eat that.  Here, let’s just get rid of it.”  She removed the tray from his torso and discarded the contents into a white, oblong receptacle.  She added, “So it can never harm another soul.”  Then she blotted the slop from his chin with the sleeve of her white-coat.
Her caress seemed to ease his torment if only briefly.
Sighing, Troll said, “Thank ye, doctor.  Ye’ve done me great kindness.”
She took his hand, and asked, “How are you feeling?”
But alas, he had no idea how to answer such a query.
After a moment’s cerebration, he replied, “Very uncomfortable.  Can ye not offer a softer bed, or, lacking that, a nice patch of grass?”
“I’m sorry, but until we can scan you, we can’t—”
“Release me from mine bonds, aye, I know this.”
Dr. Starkey wrapped her arms around her torso as if cold, and smiled at him.
“What?”
Arms still crossed, she toyed with her coat collar, and said, “Nothing, I just can’t get over the way you talk.  And your accent.  Usually I can place where a person is from based solely on their speech patterns.  But you sound like you’re from everywhere.”
A more solemn truth never was there uttered.
Smile widening into dimples, she said, “I know.”  She retrieved her tablet and quickly worked her fingers across the display.
A whirling sounded as the bed slowly stood erect.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
“What?  What is happening?”
Smirking, she said, “Calm down, sir.  I assure you, despite your lack of insurance, you’re in good hands.”
Lord, how he desperately desired to believe that.
The table’s bottom glided to the floor, allowing Troll to stand in lieu of being suspended.
“Better?”
“Yes, doctor, that does make me feel a little better.”
Beep-beep-beep
She added, “And to keep you entertained.”  She pressed a few more keys and a rectangular device descended from the ceiling.  The object’s opal screen flickered on and moving-pictures were clearly visible.
Troll gasped, “Good God!  What is that infernal thing?’
With a whimsical snort, Dr. Starkey replied, “Yeah, I don’t watch TV either.  It rots the brain.”  Biting her bottom lip, she keyed the tablet again, and said, “Okay, how about this?”
Another whirling sounded as the erect bed pivoted slightly to the left.  Then the far wall faded from opaque to a crystal clear.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
“Dear, God.”
“I know, beautiful, isn’t it?  Well, I have other patients to see before the end of my shift.  But I’ll leave both the TV on and the window clear so you can watch whichever.”  Sauntering toward the white-paneled wall, she amended, “Dealer’s choice.”  Then she took her leave.
Troll barely noticed.  His gazed affixed upon the towering skyline surmounting him.  Sleek, tabular buildings, steeples, and sculptures rose high above the smoggy, orangish clouds.  Off in the distance stood a monolithic pyramid fashioned from metal bars and glass panels.
He reminisced on his vision in the mountains; about destruction and bedlam running rampant on odd streets.  Buildings so tall they scraped the very heavens.  An eidolon figure that stood atop some pyramid-like structure; a figure that just so happened to look exactly like the Dog.
Finally, he knew where he was.
His heart sank into his bowels and a cold shiver coursed through his bones.
All this time, he’d been asking the wrong question.  It wasn’t, where was he?  Deep down, he’d always known the answer to that.
The real quandary, the one that bedeviled him the most was:  when was he?  The future or the past?

****

A woman with long, blonde-hair and pink-painted lips, said “Breaking news.  Joshua King, son of philanthropist and technological mogul Walter King conveyed in a teleconference today his dismay as Syrian forces invaded Turkish borders as Russian Primer Viktor Ysevitch expressed concerns of an imminent attack upon sovereign borders.
The screen flickered as Joshua King stood before a podium and microphone amidst a slew of reporters and on-lookers.
Joshua ran an impeccably clean hand across his shaven head, and said, “It is with a heavy heart and great consideration that Kingdom, Inc. can no longer supply militant forces with the means to exact hostile engagements with their neighbors.”
A reporter with short, curly red-hair erupted from his seat as if he’d just sat upon a rusty nail.
He asked, “What exactly does that mean?”
Chuckling, Joshua replied, “That means that Kingdom Inc. is permanently out of the arms race as of this very moment.”
A young black man with a scar festooning the right side of his chin, raised his hand.
Joshua said, “The chair recognizes Joseph Franklin.”
Franklin cleared his phlegmy throat, and asked, “Does that mean Kingdom Inc. will permanently suspend operations?”
“Of course, not.” Scoffed Joshua.  “That only means, my father’s company will no longer assist those who wish to do harm against the rest of the world.”
A tawny, bulbous man with short, black-hair and moles swiftly arose and said, “Mr. King, Mr. King, Kingdom, Inc. is the largest proponent of technological weapons advancement in the world.”
Soughing, Joshua said, “Forgive me, but I fail to see the question in that.”
The man asked, “My question is:  What will Kingdom Inc. do now?”
Smirking, Joshua replied, “My company will attempt to heal the world.  Not hurt it.”

****

Joshua King reclined in his favorite black, leather chair.  Fingers steepled, he gazed out at the cadre of lights twinkling to life as the sun set behind a smoggy sky.  Sure, things were progressing as planned, but he grew incipiently impatient.  He’d been trapped in his mortal shell for far too long.  And even though the end in sight, at this stage of the game, his timing must be flawless.
He reminisced on the major bluffs of Krin.  And even though he knew Anne and DJ were hiding, and even though he knew, they the ones who flicked a dagger at him, what he didn’t anticipate is that they’d be early.  This he could not allow.  Things needed to proceed exactly as he machinated.
Over on the far wall, a giant screen flickered to life, displaying the doe-eyed face of his secretary.
She said, “Sorry to disturb you, Mr. King.”  Her reddish hair tied up in a bun that resembled more of a conch as she donned her coke-bottle spectacles.  Long, hoop jewelry dangled from her ear lobes in tandem with each word she spoke.
Rubbing his palms, he cooed, “Not at all, Tanya.  Why are you working so late?  I thought you went home for the evening.”
“Sorry, sir.  I was just finishing up typing your itinerary for next week’s meeting.”
“Excellent work my dear.  How can I help you?”
“I’ve got General Schertzing holding on zoom.  He says it’s urgent.”
Right on schedule.
Smiling, he replied, “Very well, patch him through.”
“Right away sir.”
“And Tanya.”
“Yes, sir?”
“After that, go home.  You work too hard.  Give your husband and the kids a hello from me, and tell them that I personally thanked you for all do around the office.”
“Yes sir.  As you wish.  And…” her cheeks blossomed a sanguine hue as her head slightly dipped.
“Yes, my dear?”
“May I just say what an honor it is working for you.  You’re an inspiration to us all.”
“Well, thank you, my dear.  You have yourself a wonderful evening.”
“You too, sir.  Good night.”
Then the giant screen flickered and Tanya’s face was replaced with that of a man donning the dour grimace of a slobbering bulldog.  His eyes were squinty and glassy.
“Ah, General Schertzing, what a pleasant surprise.”
Nodding, the Gen. replied, “Mr. King.  I hope I’m not disturbing you by zooming you so late.”
“Not at all, my friend.  I always have time to chat with the secretary of defense.”
“I just got out of a meeting with the president.”
Fingers steepled, Joshua replied, “Was it a meeting, or more like cocktails?”
The General’s fat lips parted, as if about to utter some snide retort.  Instead, he abruptly shut his yapper.
Smirking, Joshua asked, “And what can I do for the president and his merry general?”
“I’d like a status report on the project.”
Sighing, he shrugged, and replied, “What can I say, the technology is there, but we’ve yet to catch up on the science.”
“I never thought that would be a problem for someone of your…status.”
“Well, I may be the most powerful and intelligent person on the planet, but I’m still only one man.”  He almost cringed at referring to himself as a “man” -- almost.  He continued, “I can’t do everything.  But don’t worry, I’ve got my top scientists on it.”
“So, what’s our ETA to working capacity?”
“Unfortunately, I can’t answer that at this time.”
Sweaty, wrinkled brow furrowed, Gen. Schertzing asked, “Oh, and why is that?”
“We’ve encountered a slight hiccup.”
“Hiccup?  What kind of hiccup?”
“The kind that hinders productive results.”
Bottom lip protruding, Hazel-eyes shimmering with a restrained rage, the Gen. said, “Explain.”
Sigh.  “I’m afraid that even if I did, which I don’t really have time for, you still wouldn’t understand it.  If the greatest minds ever assembled can’t figure it, what do you expect to make out of it?”
“So, you’re saying you can’t tell me anything at this time?”
“Correct, sir.  That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
The General took a deep breath, and snarled, “Mr. King we’ve been very, very patient with you.  You promised you could deliver a finished product within eighteen months.  It’s been over three years and we’ve still seen nothing.”
Chuckling, Joshua clasped his hands together, and said, “Well, general, what can I say, science isn’t an exact science.”
The general huffed, “That’s a trite excuse.”
“Yes, but only because it’s true.”
General Schertzing massaged the sweaty collops upon his brow with meaty digits.  He sighed, and said, “Look, Mr. King, we’ve already wasted too much of our money to further fund this project without concrete results and a credible timeline.”
“I’m sorry, did you just say, your money?  Because last I checked, the majority of this project was funded through me and my many companies.  The paltry amount you doled out is technically tax-payer money, isn’t it?”
“I believe both the president and I would disagree about that.”
Joshua huffed, “Semantics.”
Once again, the general opened his mouth to retort but said nothing.
Joshua continued, “Face it, after years of warfare, the US is flat-broke.”
“Which is precisely why we need this project operational.  To get this country back on its feet again, and be at the top of--”
“General who do think we’re in competition with?  The Chinese?  The Ruskies?  ISIS?  The world is no longer divided.  There is no enemy.  We’re unified.  Everyone.  Everywhere.  I realize you were a great leader back in your day, but face it, the war is over.  You’re a wartime general, not a peacetime one.  Which is precisely why you’re a secretary and not a soldier.”
Flabby face flushed and crumpled with fury, he growled, “Maybe so, but the president is not happy.”
“Well, I personally know the president.  We’re good friends.  You tell Willy that if he’s got a problem, he can zoom me directly.  As I said, I always make time for my friends.”
The general smirked, exposing yellowish teeth, he replied, “That won’t be necessary.”  He paused, as if waiting for Joshua to ask why.
Joshua just sat there, reclining in his favorite chair; fingers steepled.
He already knew the answer.  How could he not?  He planned this.
The general said, “Me and the joint chiefs of staff will be in New York in a day or two.  My staff will zoom you with the details.  But until then, I’m telling you now, we expect a full report or we’re shutting you down.”
Joshua leaned forward, and said, “You know, in any other circumstance I’d deem that as a threat.  But a threat is only valid if the one doing the threatening can actually back it up.  And unfortunately, you possess neither the capital nor the manpower to do so.  As I said, it’s a brave new-world.  There’s no dollar.  No Yen.  No Euro.  Money is no longer backed by gold or even the almighty dollar.  Now, there’s only credit.  And you have none.”
Face donning a flushed hue, and quavering in rage, the general spat, “Listen Mr. King, you can condescend to me all you like--”
“Thanks, I believe I’ll take you up on that.”
Growling, the general continued, “But we are coming, we expect full disclosure of this hiccup, and we want answers and timetables.  I don’t care if the greatest minds in the world are scratching their heads on this, you better find someone who can figure this out, or we’re pulling out of the operation.”
Then the screen went dark.
Joshua reclined, steepled his fingers, gazed out over the city skyline, and smiled.
Ah, humans.  So cowardly.  So detestable.  Always threatening each other in one way, shape, or form.  So…predictable.  No matter.  He didn’t need to worry about hiring someone who could figure out how to make the project operational.  He’d already found that person a long time ago.

****

For as rocky and awkward as the evening started, Jeffrey Jessip never imagined his dinner with Dr. Starkey would’ve ended so well.
Walking arm-in-arm, she smiled at him, and said, “I had a good time tonight.”  The sound of her high-heeled shoes plucked off the concrete sidewalk.
They could’ve taken a cab, but it was such a nice night, and for September, no less.
“Me too,” he replied.  “Who’d a thought, right?”
He chuckled and she snorted that infectious laugh.
First off, he arrived thirty-seven minutes late.  He knew that time specifically, because when he zoomed her to inform her he standing outside her building, the first thing she said was, “You’re thirty-seven minutes late.”
“Sorry ‘bout that, traffic, you know.”
Then it took her another twenty minutes to come downstairs and meet him.  He contemplated zooming her to ask if she’d fallen into a sinkhole or something, but he knew she just doing it get even.  That’s fine.  He’d play her game.  For now.
After that, she acted rather frigid towards him.
They shared a cab, and he offered to pay, but of course, she refused and insisted they split the difference.  On the drive to the restaurant, Le Maison Noir, (owned by none-other than Joshua King), Jeffrey attempted cajoling her into small talk:  So, how ya doin’.  How was your day?  You look really good tonight.  What’s that intoxicating fragrance you’re wearing?
Her answers were short and brusque:  Fine.  Fine.  Thanks.  I can’t remember.
Le Maison Noir resembled a one-story castle fashioned from ashlar brick.  The multi-colored stained-glass windows reminiscent to that of church.  The interior dimly lit by stained-glass chandeliers that matched the glass portals festooning the restaurant’s façade.  Black, satin table cloths draped the polished, opal furnishings.
Dinner went smoother.  He even pulled out her chair for her.
Their waiter came over, and said, “Bon soir, Monsieur et Mademoiselle, comma ca va?”
Mary-Anne retrieved her trusty tablet and read the translation upon the display.  She keyed the instrument, read the screen, and replied, “Très bien, et tu?
With gusto, the waiter replied, “Très bien.”  The waiter continued speaking in French.
Reading aloud the information displayed on the tablet, she uttered the translation, “Shall I tell you today’s specials, or would you prefer a menu?”
She began keying her reply when Jeffrey interjected, “Ce ne sera pas nécessaire.  La dame et je vais commencer avec des escargots et le jardin salade.  Ensuite, nous allons avoir le canard rȏti sauce à l’orange et morilles., s’il vous plaît.”
Gape wide, jaw slack, Mary-Anne stared at him in awe.
With gusto, the waiter replied, “Bon choix”
He added, “Et, nous aimerions un bouteille du Riesling de Chateau Ste Michelle, s’il vous plaît.”
The waiter kissed his fingers, and said, “Ah, c’est magnifique.”  Then he took his leave.
Mary-Anne huffed, “Seriously?  You know French?”
“And Spanish, and Italian.  They’re all pretty much the same.  What, don’t you?”
Gaze downcast at her tablet, she bit her bottom lip.
“I mean, come on, you working in a hospital, you gotta at least be bilingual, or something.”
Sigh.  “No, I usually just rely on my tablet.”
“Yeah, well, you know, those things ain’t gonna be around forever.”
“That’s what my friend Anne keeps telling me.”
“Well, you friend sounds like a really smart cookie.”
She chuckled, “Yeah, she really is.”
And that was it; the proverbial icebreaker.  After that, they wined, dined, and even shared a few laughs.
After the main course, he said, “So c’mon, tell me about yourself.”
Fiddling with the collar of her blouse, she said, “What do you want to know.”
“For starters, you don’t have a New York accent, so you could at least tell me where you’re from.”
“Nevada, originally.  But my parents died in a car accident when I was ten, and I and my little brother were sent to live with my Grandmother in Lemoore, California.”
“Really, you were raised by your Grandmother in California, and you can’t speak Spanish?”
Blushing, she pressed a palm to her forehead, and replied, “I know, it’s horrible, isn’t it?”
“And what about your little brother?  What’s he do?”
“He’s a very successful journalist living in Chicago.”
“Good for him.  I’m glad you both turned out so well after suffering a family tragedy, and at such an early age.”
“It was all my grandmother.  She’s the best person I’ve ever known.”
“No Grandpa?”
“He died before I was born.”
“So sorry to hear that.  But, what about your Grandma?”
“She’s still around and kicking?”
Smirking, he said, “Spry as ever, I bet.”
She released a whimsical snort, and said, “You’re not wrong about that.”  Fidgeting with her blouse, she asked, “What about you?  What’s your story?”
“No story, really.  I was born and raised in Brooklyn.  No siblings.  My parents are retired up in Jersey.  Father was a fire marshal.  Mother was a nurse.”
“So, how’d you end up being a peace officer?”
“It’s no secret.  I always wanted to be a cop.”
“But cops don’t exist anymore, now there’s only peace officers.”
“Imagine my luck, I guess I was just born in the wrong time, or world, or something.”
They gazed at each other as a comfortable silence elapsed.
She smirked, restraining a radiant smile.  She said, “You know, sometimes, I know exactly how you feel.”
“Plus, I love those old detective movies, shows, even the comics.  Sherlock Holmes was always my favorite, but the adaptations never even came close to the books.”
“Oh, so, you’re a fan of Arthur Conan Doyle?”
“His writing, but not so much the man, himself.”
She snorted in laughter.
“So, what about you?  Did you always want to be a doctor?”
“No, not initially.  I became a doctor because it was the hardest thing I’ve ever done.  And Grandma always told us that the most difficult endeavors were also the most fulfilling.  Take for instance, this Troll character.  I’m sure you remember him.”
“Of course, I do.  How could I forget?  It’s how we met.”
“Right, anyway, his case is so strange, his symptoms, the fact he doesn’t have a scanning-chip, and he talks like he’s right of a Shakespearean play.  It’s just mind-boggling.  Truly the toughest case I’ve ever had.  But I know I’ll figure it out.  And when I do, it’ll be that much more rewarding simply because it’s the toughest case I’ve had.”
Jeffrey combed his fingers through his shortly cropped hair, and said, “You know, this ain’t the first time tonight you’ve mentioned this Troll guy.”
“Oh, it’s not.”
He smirked, and in a playful tone, asked, “So, what, you got the hots for this guy?  You got, like, what’cha call it?  You know, where a doctor falls for their patient.”
“Florence Nightingale Syndrome.  And no, I don’t, as you so eloquently put it, have the hots for this guy.  He fascinates me.  That’s all.”
“You callin’ me eloquent?”  Leaning across the table, he smiled at her, and amended, “‘Cause I been called a lot of things, but never eloquent.”
And then they both laughed.  Another comfortable silence elapsed as they just gazed into each other’s eyes.
Smirking awkwardly, she said, “I think I like you.”
“What a coincidence, I like you too.”
She sipped her wine, and said, “Which is weird, because I don’t usually like you Brooklyn boys.”
“Another coincidence.”
Chuckling, she asked, “Oh, yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“How’s that?”
Grinning, he replied, “Cause I may be from Brooklyn, but I ain’t no boy.”
She snorted in laughter, and in a slightly mocking tone, said, “Oh, that’s right, you’re a detective, right?”
“You, know you say the words ‘Oh’, and ‘right’ a lot.”
Smiling, she nodded, and said, “Not bad, not bad.”
He leaned across the table again, and said, “Think of the couple we’d make, the doctor and the detective.”
“Oh, you’re giving me top-billing?  How chivalrous of you.”
“There’s that word again, ‘Oh’.”
Once more her face brightened as she released a whimsical snort.
It was the longest he’d seen her go without fiddling with her tablet.
He added, “And that laugh.”
“Oh, and--” Gape wide she pressed her hands over her mouth, as if to catch a cough or obscenity, and said, “Oh my God I just did it ag…damn it, I did it again.”
He chuckled, “That’s all right, that’s all right.”
She cleared her throat, combed her fingers through her hair, and said, “But, no, seriously, what’s wrong with my laugh?”
“What’s wrong with your laugh?  Nothing’s wrong with your laugh.  It’s infectious, is all.  Makes me want to laugh like that with you.”  He attempted a poor imitation of her convivial snort and failed miserably.
Of course, that only got her laughing all the more boisterously.
But that was then, and this was now; the end of the date.  The only part of the evening he dreaded since they hit it off at dinner.
They strolled up the front steps of her apartment building, as she said, “Tonight was the most fun I’ve had in a while.”
“Me too.  We should do it again sometime.”
Blushing, dimples exposed, she smiled, and said, “I’d love to.”
How to proceed?  Jeffrey never kissed on a first date unless it a peck on the cheek.  He liked playing things “old-school”.
But before he could even finish that thought, she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and pressed her lips to his.  And he kissed back.

****

Anne sprawled out on her king-sized mattress; lying on her back and staring up at her tablet.  She’d already finished, Heaven tempt me not, and was now working on a new track.  The previous one turned out fine, but she’d probably go back and edit the entire thing when the album finished; she usually did.
She yawned and nestled her head in the plush memory-foam bedding.  She always stayed in the same suite and in the same hotel whenever in New York, unless of course, visiting Mary-Anne.  The room was on constant private reservation for her and spent most of the year vacant.  As far as she considered, suite 710 was her room.  The Hotel Belmont extended this as a professional courtesy just to boast that the first Renaissance woman always vacationed there when in New York.  The hotel staff even allowed her to decorate the room with her own effects and fixtures.  As far as Anne was concerned, whenever in New York, The Hotel Belmont was home.
The room painted in a soft eggshell color.  Purple draperies hung from the wide double windows leading to a balcony that only the residents of the top floor enjoyed.  Her bed decorated with a wool-stitched, forest-green duvet and pillows the color of dirt which reminded her of sleeping outdoors.  Pastel paintings of Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix, and Janis Joplin hung from the walls; the real poets, and her eternal idols.
She gazed at the tablet’s blank display, and waited for the spirit of inspiration to enrapture her.  She didn’t always write music this way; sometimes she’d write a guitar or piano part before working on the vocals.  But tonight, she felt more lyrically driven than instrumental.  At least, she did.  Right before she landed at LaGuardia an idea for a song struck her like a bolt of lightning.  But then she debarked, had to pick up her luggage from baggage claim, and hail a taxi.  By the time the whirlwind of events and time-change faded like fog, and she lying there on that lush bed, she’d completely forgotten it.
She’d remember -- eventually.  But that was the worst part of writing; awaiting inspiration.  And tonight, she was simply too tired.
The tablet’s screen blipped, then displayed the words:  PRIVATE ZOOM
Really?  Who could private zoom her without their face popping up on the screen?  The only ones allowed her zoom-line where her publisher, her editor, her assistant (who handled all other zooms), Mary-Anne, her parents (though they never zoomed her), and Ted.  Ah, Fucking Ted.  That cheating, uppity son-of-a-bitch.
The display blipped again.
Well, if it really was a private zoom, that meant she couldn’t just key the display, she had to scan.  Curious, she passed her left wrist across the screen; verifying her identity.
The tablet’s face flickered before revealing the shrewd face of a middle-aged woman wearing glasses, and her red-hair tied up in a bun.
With an upward inflection (as if asking a question), Anne said, “Hello.”
“Hello, Ms. Warwick, my name is Tanya Robertson, and I’m Joshua King’s personal secretary.  I have a private zoom on hold from Mr. King.”
Anne giggled, “You’re kidding, right?  Who put you up to this?  Was it my editor?  Was it Franklin (lead guitarist of The Reverends)?”  With a sour tone, she asked, “Was it Ted?”
“Ms. Warwick, I assure you, this is not a punk.  I have Joshua King holding on zoom.  If you’re indisposed, I can have him try again later.”
Anne rolled to her knees and knelt upon the memory-foam mattress.  Heart racing, she gasped, “Holy shit.  Really? Are you serious?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Joshua King is on hold?  The Joshua King?  And he wants to talk to me?”
“Yes, ma’am, and I’m delighted to inform you that he’s just as excited to meet you as you are him.”
“But…?”  She worked her mouth open and close like a fish out of water before the words finally slipped from her lips.  “Why?”
“I’m afraid I don’t know.  I believe that’s why it’s called a private zoom.  Shall I patch you through?”
“Hell yes.  I mean…yes please.”
Smiling, Tanya’s face enlarged in the screen, as if leaning close to her tablet.  She said, “And on a personal note, may I just say what a big fan I am of yours.  I was just at the Met with my family last week.  Your painting, The Longest Road…well, the brushwork is just pristine.  Oh, oh, and I’ve seen, At the Speed of Storm three times.  I just loved it.  Oh, but look at me, I’m gushing.  I’m sorry Ms. Warwick.”
“No, don’t be, I always love meeting my fans.”
“I wouldn’t dream of wasting any more of your time Ms. Warwick, except to bid you goodnight, and wish you a pleasant stay in New York.  I’ll patch Mr. King through right away.  Good night, Ms. Warwick.”
Rattled with anticipation, Anne replied, “Good night.”
Imagine it, she was about to meet Joshua King (though not in person), the Joshua King.  The man who ended world war 3.
Her heart beat wildly as metaphorical butterflies fluttered within her bowels.
The display flickered and then there he was, in the flesh (so to speak).
“Good evening, Ms. Warwick, I hope I’m not disturbing you.”
“No, not at all.”
“I tried timing this so you’d be comfortably in your room by now.”
“Yeah, you did…but, how did you know I’d be here?”
Donning a devilish smile, he replied, “I own the building.”
Anne smacked her forehead and murmured, “Yeah, of course you do.  I knew that.”
“I don’t mean to seem crass by not engaging in small pleasantries, but I’m a very busy man.”
For a moment, she could’ve sworn she saw him shudder.
He continued, “So I’ll cut right down to it.”
“No, of course, I completely understand.”
He reclined, steepled his fingers, and said, “I’d like you to come and work for me.”
Completely bereft, she stuttered, “I…I…don’t really know what to say?  Why would you want me to come work for you?  I’m an artist, not a scientist or engineer.”
Rubbing his hands, he leaned toward the screen, and said, “As they say, the devil is in the details.  Why don’t we schedule a brunch tomorrow at Le Maison Noir and we can discuss it in full?”
Really?  Maison Noir?  She’d always wanted to go there but with her busy schedule, could never seem to get a reservation.
He added, “How does 10 am sound?  Work for you?”
Releasing a sigh of exasperation, she replied, “Oh, I can’t.  I have a meeting with my publisher then.”
“Yes, I know.  Harvey, I think his name is.  Nice enough gentleman, but swears like a sailor.”
She giggled, “Yeah, that’s him all right, good ol’ Harvey.”
“Yes, well I’ve personally zoomed him and asked him to reschedule.  He readily agreed.  His secretary will zoom you tomorrow with the new details.”
“You zoomed my publisher directly?  You?”
“Yes, well I thought asking Tanya to do it seemed impersonal, especially for a favor of this magnitude.  I must admit Ms. Warwick, I’m quite a fan of your poetry and art.”
Curling her hair, she playfully asked, “Not my music?”
Donning a dashing smile, he gazed at her, and said, “My dear, your music is poetry.”
She meant to thank him for the complement, but only succeeded in staring at him in adoration.  Him.  Joshua King.  The man who saved the world, and then graciously refused acceptance of the Nobel Peace Prize.
Clasping his hands, he said, “Well, I know you must have a lot of questions for me, but we’ll discuss it in the morning.  Get some sleep Ms. Warwick.  You look tired, and we’ve got a lot to talk about.  Goodnight.”
She meant to thank him, say something clever, or at least bid him a goodnight as well.  Instead, she said, “Okay.”
Then the screen flickered, and the blank document page returned.  How could she write now?  How could she even sleep?  Joshua King, the Joshua King just offered her a job, and she had no idea what it was.

****

A stocky man wearing a blue suit with a white, buttoned shirt and red tie, said, “This just in, the SARS-flu has now reached a death-toll of 200 thousand.”  Head slung low, he continued, “Despite the CDC’s best efforts, all attempts to control the virus have failed.  It has spread and mutated so many times that doctors are left scratching their heads over this.
“In a related story, the currency shortage has reached an all-time-high.
“Entrepreneur and media mogul, Joshua King, had this to say…”
The screen flickered as if violated by some electro-magnetic interference before a close-up of Joshua King materialized while a reporter (conveniently off-screen) held a microphone up to his lips.
Joshua vehemently proclaimed, “The world cannot proceed as it has it in the past.”
“Mr. King,” asked the reporter, “Do you have any suggestions?”
“Indeed, I do,” he replied.  “I propose we implant chips into every citizen that will keep track of their vitals.  Not only will it allow us to keep tabs on those infected, but it will also solve the current dilemma of currency shortage.  The populace will be able to acquire food, sundries, and assistance of any kind based upon their chip.”
“Mr. King, are you really suggesting that everyone in the world is implanted with a tracking device to monitor their vitals?”
“If it is the only way to keep people safe, then, yes, yes I do.  Please bear in mind, this will also alert medical staffing if an individual is exhibiting symptoms of the virus plaguing all of humanity”
“Forgive me, Mr. King, but this sounds like an invasion of civil rights.”
Joshua chuckled, “Not at all, our attempt is merely to protect the populace.  If certain freedoms need to be sacrificed in order to accomplish this, then so be it.”

****

Strapped to the erect table, Troll stared out over the city skyline.  Usually, he could estimate the hour based upon the sun’s position in the sky, but here, the horizon always donned a stony, smoggy hue.  He knew not how long he’d been suspended like that; only that night had passed and today was a brand new dull, gray day.
He now understood not only where he was, but what happened to him, as well.
All you have to do is enter the door with a thought in your mind, a mental picture, if you will.  Just think of where you want to go, and you’ll be sent there.
And so, he had.  He ventured into the portal of blue light meaning to save the Dog, or at least go after the Wraith, but something happened.
Save Dog.  Kill that son-of-a-bitch.  Kill them all.
But I can’t leave ye, I won’t.
You have to.
As he crossed over into this realm his thoughts centered on Star.  That’s why he here, because he focused on finding his love.  But the hell of it was, Fedic was here too.  And Fedic crossed over before the doorway closed and the portal returned.  Wherever he was, he dwindled somewhere equidistant between Star’s alternate, Fedic, and the Dog.  By deductive logic, that meant the Dog was also trapped in this world -- somewhere.  He just didn’t know where.
His thoughts drifted back to Al’ber Que and his interrogation en carcelii.
Taunting him, Shadeem said, “If you were half the giant you appear to be, you could easily break out of this prison.  But you can’t, can you?”
But he did.  Gathering all the strength he could summon, Troll prayed for strength and emancipated himself from his bonds.
Unfortunately, he couldn’t do the same now.  He tried.  But he was too weak from all he’d suffered.  Every time he attempted ripping the straps loose from his muscular arms, his heart beat a painfully arrhythmic cadence.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Ruminating on his vision-quest among the mountains of Al’ber Que, he glanced at the pyramid-like structure off in the distance, and shuddered.  Bedlam and murder hadn’t erupted in the strange streets -- yet.  Which meant if he could escape this so-called hospital, then maybe he could stop his vision from ever coming true.  But he couldn’t do it from here.
A whoosh sounded and the plodding of soft-souled shoes approached.
From behind, he heard Susan’s voice.  “How are we feeling today, Mr. Troll?”  She wore soft yellowish garbs the hue of dandelions.  Those strange paper-like hat and mask still concealed the majority of her facial features.
Scoffing, he replied, “Is that some sort of platitude, or are thee really asking me?”
“I’m asking you?”
“How would ye feel if strapped to a table?”
She faced him and placed a small tray of sandwiches, fruit, and pudding before him.  She pressed a button, and the tray instantly grew legs that allowed the object to stand before him.
Behind her paper mask, Susan said, “Don’t worry, I’m not going to spoon-feed you.  Dr. Starkey gave me explicit instructions not to.”
“Aye?  And where be the good doctor this morning?”
“She’s got the day off.”
He didn’t really know what that meant.  But a twinkling told him he wouldn’t see Dr. Starkey until at least tomorrow.
He glanced at the plate of food and his stomach rumbled.  He asked, “If ye are not to feed me via spoon, and I restrained, then how am I to eat?”
Susan retrieved her tablet, keyed it, and his restraints released from the table with metallic, segmented snakes (though he still confined).
Yawning, Troll stretched his arms as far as the metallic snakes would allow.
Susan recoiled, as if fearful he about to attack.
Scratching his chin and nose, he said, “Thank ye, my dear, ye have no idea how bad one feels they must itch their nose until they physically can’t.”
Susan settled as he grabbed a sandwich and took a hearty bite.  He chewed a few times, and then spat it out.  The cud landed on the clean, white flooring with a soft, audible plop.  The food (if one could call it that), tasted sour, like rancid meat and old bread.
Disgust curdling his innards, he sneered, “What is this loathsome meal ye’ve brought me?”
Shoulders hunched, she replied, “Egg-salad sandwich.”
“T’is horrid and rank.”
“Sorry, but I can only bring you what the caf is serving for the day.  Unless you’d like me to bring you a couple more protein shakes from Dr. Starkey’s office.  I still have clearance.”
“Please, my dear.  If ye’d be so kind.”
“Right away, sir.”  And then Susan plodded toward the white-paneled wall.
He cerebrated over his waking dream before trekking off on his vision-quest from Al’ber Que.  His best chance for defeating the Wraith was by keeping his trinity together.  And what did he do?  Send them on foolish errands.  No.  He needed Star.  The real Star.  But she was dead.  He needed the Dog.  But he knew not where the mutt lingered.  But, if he wanted to find out, he needed to get out of here.
Troll bade, “Wait.”
He heard Susan sigh as she slogged toward him.  “Yes, sir?”
If you remember anything, anything at all, contact me, and maybe I might be able to do something to at least have your restraints removed, until then my hands are tied.
“I would like to speak to peace officer, Jessip.”
Gape wide, she asked, “What?  Why?”
“The gentleman informed me that if I had any information, to contact him.  Well, I just remembered something he might be interested in hearing.”
With a slight bow, she said, “Very good, sir.  I’ll zoom him immediately.”  As if intimidated by his very presence, Susan shuffled toward the white-paneled door, and said, “Enjoy your lunch.”
Whoosh
Upon her departure, Troll fetched a slice of golden apple as his stomach grumbled hungrily.  As soon as he bit into it, a rancid taste rushed into his mouth.  Spitting it out, he batted the table away with the back of his hand.  The tray clattered upon the tabular floor; spilling the “food” upon the white paneled surface.
He enjoyed grouse, morels, the finest of roasts, and even stale sandwiches, but he’d never encountered anything as detestable as the succulents this so-called staff served him.  Why, he much more tantalized by Dr. Starkey’s energy drinks.
We’ve been feeding you nutrients through your IV, but the nurse is right, you do need to eat something
A more solemn truth there was never uttered.
He needed to reserve his strength.  He needed to find the Dog.  He needed Star.  The real Star.  But first, he needed to escape this preternatural prison.
And Troll, like always, had a plan.

****

Peace Officer Jessip still felt on top of the world after last night’s evening with the stunning Dr. Starkey.  He just couldn’t wait to see her again, and he didn’t need to be a detective to know that she felt the same.
So, when he got a zoom that Lieutenant Kaffe wanted to see him in her office, he figured there no way it could’ve been bad news.  But as she sat behind her desk, and gazed at him with that stern 1,000-yard-stare and that tight-lipped, swarthy face, he knew that wasn’t true.
“You wanted to see me, Lieutenant?”
“I do, please have a seat.”
He pulled out a chair and obliged.
Maxine Kaffe was a New York native who’d spent her formidable years serving as an Army medic during the wars.  After which, she joined the peace officers and after two years, she graciously accepted the role as Lieutenant.
She governed her team, with what was often referred to as, a slightly heavy hand.  She believed in process and working the cases point by point.  At thirty-eight, she seemed magnanimous in her dimly lit office covered by case files and small fans.  For some reason, her office (surrounded by glass panels, as if she worked in a fish bowl devoid of water), always felt like a sauna.
Lt. Maxine Kaffe sat upon a brown-leather adjustable-height throne.  Her smooth tawny face and pointed chin juxtaposed the deep creases crowning her forehead.  Her long hair tied back in a ponytail.  She wore a gray suit and white blouse.
Jeffery drew a metallic chair fashioned with plastic molded panels from in front of her desk and popped himself a squat.  His gaze barely raised above the surface of her desk.  But he knew Lt. Kaffe enjoyed sitting at a level above her subordinates.  She liked to look down upon them; that whole power trip thing.  Of course, Jeffrey never mentioned this, nor would he ever.
She spoke and her tawny, leathery face shifted like sand, but her glossy, red lips barely moved.  She said, “I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but since I know how good of friends you were with Officer Johnson, I wanted to tell you first, personally, before I break it to the department.”
He snickered, “What, the s.o.b get another medal of commendation, or something?”
Interlacing her fingers atop the desk, she replied, “No, I’m afraid not.”
And then it hit him.
Leaning forward, he asked, “Wait a minute, you said were.”
“I’m sorry, what’s that?”
“You said we were friends.  Not, we are friends.  So, what, did he die, or something?”
Unable to meet his gaze, she peered down at the desk’s shiny, black veneer.
“Are you for serious right now?”
“Yes, I’m afraid so.”
For a moment, the entire world ceased rotating and time stopped.
Finally, he managed to utter, “H…how?  When?”
“He was found last night in his apartment after his scanner chip alerted the authorities that his vitals flat-lined.”
“What d’ya mean?  His vitals just stopped?”  An indescribable coldness coursed through him.  But he didn’t shiver.  He wouldn’t.
Referencing her tablet, she replied, “According to the initial coroner’s report, he suffered a massive heart-attack while exercising in his home at approximately 9:17 PM.”
“Wait, wait, wait, wait.  You’re telling me that Mikey, a six-foot-seven guy with 300-pounds of pure muscle, who played football for Syracuse, a guy in the prime of his life, just died of a heart-attack while in the middle of working-out?”
Unable to meet his gape once again, she replied, “I’m afraid so.”
He gasped, “Lieutenant, that’s just not possible.”
Absently flipping through a case file, she amended, “Sometimes things happen.  Sometimes people just slip away.  Besides, it doesn’t matter how young or fit you are, an aneurism can strike at any time.”
“I thought you just said he died of a heart-attack.”
Lt. Kaffe massaged her wrinkled temple, and sighed, “Aneurism, heart-attack, something like that, I don’t know, I haven’t been zoomed the autopsy report yet.”
Anger flurrying within, he scoffed, “We just lost one of our own, and we didn’t get the autopsy report yet?”
“The EMTs pronounced him DOA/CND.  As you know, CND victims aren’t exactly top priority.”
He combed his fingers through his hair, and snorted, “Mikey, the guy who could bench-press 450-pounds, who apparently suffered a heart-attack or aneurism, of that we’re not clear, was pronounced Caused by Natural Death?  Really?  You expect me to swallow that?”
“Officer, I know how hard this must--”
He stood.  Hands on hips, he paced about the office, and said, “No, no, this don’t add up, Lieutenant.  This is so fishy I can almost taste tuna.  Why aren’t we looking into his death, or at least the delay on the autopsy report?”
She stood and pressed her fingers upon the desk.  Swarthy face donning a sanguine hue, she hissed, “Officer Jessip, you know damn well that we don’t investigate CNDs.  We’re not the police, not anymore.  And we’re certainly not detectives.”  She sat down and adjusted her hair.  “I know this is all a shock to you, so if you need to take some time-off, I’ll understand.”
He ceased his pacing, and faced her.  “Naw, naw, I don’t need no time-off.”
For the first time, she stared at him in empathy, and asked, “Are you sure?”
Hot tears burned behind his oculars, but he wouldn’t cry.  “Yeah, I’m sure.”
Keying her tablet, she added, “At any rate, I’m scheduling you for an appointment with Dr. Crane.”
He scoffed, “Really?  You’re sending me to see the head-shrinker?  Me?”
Glancing up at him, she replied, “It’s SOP, and you know it.  But don’t worry, I’m allotting you time to grieve your loss.  I’m calendaring it for next week, after the cremation, I’ll zoom you with the details.”
Stifling his quavering voice, he said, “Mikey didn’t want to be cremated.  He wanted to be buried.  Said he’d already seen enough of the world burn.”
She huffed, “In either case, you will see Dr. Crane.  That’s an order.”
But right then, he didn’t require time to grieve or psychiatric counselling.  All he needed was Mary-Anne.

****

Joshua King and his sister, Lilith watched Anne and the others through a two-way-mirror.
Anne sat in a darkened boardroom at a table with five of the greatest intellectual minds alive.  She wore a woman’s work jacket and a blouse.  Her long raven-colored hair tied back, and she donned her glasses.
When she first met Joshua at Le Maison Noir, she blushed and said, “I’m sorry, I wasn’t really sure on the attire.  Am I over or under dressed?”
Joshua smiled (though he despised it), and replied, “Neither.  You look perfect.”
“Thanks.”
Of course, Joshua sported his usual black pants, tee-shirt, and sports jacket.
They talked little of his vocational proposal; instead they mainly conversed of small pleasantries and gushed over each other’s accomplishments.  They both spoke entirely in French; simply because they could.
Ah, out of all the worlds he’d met her in, this was the version he liked the most; the one who’d grown up in the perfect time and world to allow her talents to grow to fruition.
Arms crossed, Lilith grumbled, “I still don’t see why she’s here.”
Joshua replied, “She’s here to solve our little dilemma.”
“I thought you already knew how to make the project operational.”
“I do.  But after everything I’ve done for this world, I can’t go fixing every problem.  That would appear unnatural, and suspicious.  As if I’d masterminded all of the past twenty-one years.”
Slender eyebrow arched, she asked, “Didn’t you?”
Of course, his sister already knew the answer to that.
Instead, he said, “Plus, Gen. Schertzing needs to believe this project is actually a challenge.”
“I don’t like her.  She reeks of purity and light.”
Rubbing his hands, he asked, “Jealous?”
Then they resumed watching the events transpire in the other room.
Dr. Richard Harrington explained the parameters of the project while Anne flipped through the file she’d been handed.
Dr. Harrington said, “First off, Ms. Warwick, I think I speak for all of us when I say what a pleasure it is to receive you.  We’re all big fans.”
Leafing through pages upon pages of notes, she said, “Mhmm.  Pleasure’s all mine.”
Dr. Harrington cleared his throat, adjusted his spectacles, and said, “I’m sure I don’t have to tell you this, but what you’re about to hear is completely confidential.”
Dr. Harrington sported his usual jeans and button-up plaid shirt beneath his white lab-coat.  Coke-bottle spectacles rode his chubby face.  His thinning hair combed back; revealing the bald spot on top of his head.  His hazel eyes continuously darted upon the room, as if uncomfortable divulging further details about the project.
Anne replied, “I can see that, based on the fact you gave me an actual file in lieu of simply zooming me the information.”  Chuckling, she added, “And all along, I thought I was the only one to still write stuff down the ol’ fashioned way.”
Another said, “We’re serious, Ms. Warwick.”  The woman sported short red-hair and a jogging suit under her respective lab-coat.
Anne gazed up at them over the rim of her glasses, and said, “So am I.”
“It’s to remain classified until we’ve got a working prototype,” replied Harrington.  He scratched the bulbous nostrils of his beak-like nose.
“Understood.”  She sat straight in her seat, and said, “So, before I read this encyclopedia you just handed me, why not just give me the basics.”
Dr. Harrington said, “As you know, ever since 2035, Kingdom Incorporated has turned from munitions fabrication to…well, something a bit friendlier.  In short, this company no longer helps break the world by supplying war machines to the highest bidder, now we’re trying to heal it.”
“And I commend that of Mr. King.  And all of you working here.”
“Right, well, how I do make this succinct?”
Another chimed, “Basically, things break, corrode, and fall apart.”  He appeared of Indonesian decent with curly, black-hair yet he spoke with a Yonkers accent.  He continued, “Buildings.  Bridges.  Societies.  What-have-you.  Project Vulcan hopes to rectify that.  Forever.”
“Project Vulcan?  As in the vulcanization of rubber, right?  That’s cute, I like that.”
Dr. Harrington chimed, “Think about it, Ms. Warwick.  Bridges that never collapse.  Electrical grids that never fail.  Buildings that once constructed would literally never require maintenance.  Roads that never fracture.  I mean, the applications alone are simply unfathomable.”
“Okay, I’m listening.”  Anne produced a small, oblong object from her jacket, and twirled it around her fingers as she reclined in her chair.
Dr. Harrington continued, “You see--”
“I’m sorry Dr.” interjected the Indonesian with a Yonkers accent.  “Ms. Warwick, is that a ball-point pen.”
“Yeah, why?”
“I’m sorry, it’s just that I haven’t seen one of those in…well, a very long time.”
Anne tossed him the pen, and said, “Here, you can have it.  A bought every last one I could find before they discontinued manufacturing them.”
Dr. Harrington cleared his throat, readjusted his glasses, and said, “Essentially, we’re talking about molecular compression--”
“I thought we’d settled on the term, matter condensing?” squawked the woman with red-hair.
Harrington snipped, “It doesn’t matter what we call it, so long as it works.”  He settled his gaze upon Anne, and continued, “We’ve figured out how to compress an element at a sub-atomic level, but that’s where it gets tricky.  Matter can only be condensed so far.  Because of molecular weight and the variance of electrons, each element has to be properly calculated in order to achieve compression.  But let’s face it.  We build things out of concrete, steel, and Kevlar.  These are mixtures where every single element would require the closest of scrutiny.  As I said, matter can only be compressed to a seemingly infinite mass and weight.  I say seemingly, because there exists a tipping point where--”
Anne chimed, “Matter collapses and creates a blackhole.  Except with this, you run the risk of creating a potentially manmade blackhole not in space, but here on Earth.”
The Indonesian mumbled to the woman with red-hair, “I told you she was clever.”
Dr. Harrington continued, “We’ve been racking our brains over this for some time, Ms. Warwick.  And as you said it yourself, the science behind this is just too risky to come to test phase.”
Anne said, “That’s understandable.  But that still doesn’t explain what I’m doing here.”
The red-head said, “We thought we’d bring in an outside opinion.  Not only one who could understand the science, but to help us look at this thing from a fresh angle.”
“Oh, you did, huh?”
Dr. Harrington said, “Well, actually, it was Mr. King’s idea.  It was also his idea to bring you into the fold instead of a highly prodigious physicist.”
The Indonesian said, “Right, ‘cause it’s not like Mr. King runs short on those.”
Anne lounged back in her chair, produced another pen, and twirled it around her fingers.  “Okay…well, if it’s a fresh angle you’re looking for, let’s start from scratch, shall we?  Let’s say mankind didn’t build things out of a combination of materials.  Let’s say we built them out of elements.”
The red-head scoffed, “Ms. Warwick, mankind can’t build bridges out of carbon, or towers out of silicon.  There are too many variables.  Tensile strength.  Elasticity.  Conductivity.  Melting points.  Boiling points.  Corrosion and oxidation.  Why, even pennies were made from more than just copper.”
“Yeah, but you’re condensing an element into a virtually indestructible state, right?”
Murmurs purled amongst the scientists like a babbling brook.
Stroking his chin, the Indonesian leaned across the table, and asked, “What would you suggest, Ms. Warwick?”
“Well, firstly I suggest not trying this on a bridge constructed of cement, steel, and…whatever else is needed to build a bridge, I don’t know, I’m not an engineer.  I suggest you attempt compressing something soft, malleable, and with attainable avenues that would allow you to test tensile strength, conductivity, boiling points, and anything else you egg-heads can think of.  And I don’t recommend trying it on something as grandiose as a skyscraper.  Think smaller.  Think simple.”  Gazing at the pen in her grip, she amended, “Something you can hold in your hand, or carry in your pocket.”
On the other side of the two-way-mirror, Joshua turned to his stoic sister.
In complete monotone, Lilith said, “That didn’t take her long.”
“I told you I’d chosen the right person.”
“I still don’t like her.”  Then Lilith stormed away.  The clicks of her high-heeled shoes receded like distant echoes.
Evidently Lilith wasn’t the only one displeased with Anne’s inherent brilliance.
Scowling, the red-head said, “Like what, a ball-point pen, made of copper?”
“Yeah, or a paper-weight made from iron?” Added the Indonesian.  “Because that’s all it would be good for; making paper-weights.”
Dr. Harrington erupted from his chair, stood, and said, “Well, wait a minute guys.  We don’t have to use hard metals.  What if we used calcium?”
“And make what?” Asked the red-head.
“I don’t know, I’m just kicking around ideas.  I thought that’s what we were here to do; look at this from a different light.”
Around of snickers elapsed as Anne just sat there twirling her pen.
The Indonesian replied, “Actually, that’s not such a bad idea from an architectural point of view.  Think about it, they say beams are the skeleton of any structure, and healthy bones are actually not that easy to break.  Now, what if a building was constructed out of something stronger than bones but as thick as beams?”
“They already are,” snorted the red-head, “they’re called steel girders.”
As if a wisp of mist, and completely unnoticed, Joshua phased through the wall, and emerged from the shadows.  He said, “I didn’t invite Ms. Warwick here to be ridiculed.”
They started; all except Anne, who merely sat there twirling her pen.
“I’m sorry, Mr. King, we didn’t see you standing there.” Gulped Dr. Harrington.
Joshua replied, “As was my intent.  I wanted to observe this meeting without being seen, so you all could bounce ideas off each other without feeling, as the old ones say, under the gun.”
Scratching her forearm, the red-head said, “Mr. King, what Ms. Warwick is suggesting--”
“Is right on point.  We should try the project by compressing a single element into something hand-held.  But I also believe Dr. Rivers is right in his suggestion that we not use a hard-metal.”
“Sir?”
Rubbing his hands, Joshua smiled, and said, “We’re going to use a soft one.  We’re going to use silver.”

****

Troll gazed out over the smoggy city skyline and at the monolithic pyramid structure for hours.
A little after her departure, Susan returned with an entire case of Dr. Starkey’s protein shakes.  Halting, she cocked an effeminate brow as she gazed down at the food Troll knocked to the floor.
“Hmm,” she snorted, but said nothing further.  She fetched the tray, placed it over his waist, set the shakes on the table, and said, “Help yourself.”  Glancing at the spilled contents and a slice of apple with a massive bite in it, she asked, “Didn’t care for the fruit either?”
“It doesn’t taste like real fruit,” he replied.
She sighed, and said, “Well, if it’s any consolation, I’ve zoomed Officer Jessip.  He said he’d be in to see you as early as this afternoon.”
“Excellent work, my dear.  Thank ye.”
Then Susan took her leave, but left his manacles tethered at a comfortable distance for Troll to move around -- a little.
With the little leverage he afforded, Troll once more attempted to pull free from his restraints based on brute strength alone.
If you were really half the giant you appear…
I am ye’r humble servant…
You could easily escape this prison…
Grant me strength, so that I might serve ye’r will…
But you can’t, can you?
Alas, he couldn’t, try as he might.  And the strain took its toll on his fragile heart.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
That monotonous claxon returned him to the here-and-now.
He swore to Almighty God he would destroy that damnable doo-hickey if it the last thing he did.
An immeasurable amount of time elapsed as he dozed in and out and his belly gnawed hungrily at his innards.
A whoosh sounded, followed by the plodding of booted feet.
From behind, he heard a familiar voice say, “Good afternoon, Mr. Troll.”  Then Peace Officer Jessip came around and stood face-to-face with him.
“Troll.”
“What’s that?”
“My name is not Mr. Troll, t’is simply, Troll.”
“Yeah, okay, sure.  Well, Troll, I understand you’ve got some information for me regarding your mysterious appearance.
“Aye, indeed I do.”
Officer Jessip hooked his thumbs in his buckle, and said, “I’m all ears.”
“First, I have a few questions of mine own, ones I’ve inquired to before but never got answers to.”
“I don’t know if I’ve got the answers you’re looking for, but go-ahead Shakespeare, I’ll answer as best I can.”
“Firstly, why does everyone keep insisting that I shake a spear?  I would gladly oblige, but sadly I have no spear to shake.  Perhaps if I my staff.”
Officer Jessip combed his fingers through his short, cropped hair, and chuckled, “Okay, that’s an easy one.  No one is asking you to shake a spear.  People are calling you Shakespeare.  As in William Shakespeare.  He was a 16th century English poet, playwright, and actor, and arguably one of the greatest writers of all time.”
“So, I suppose I should feel honored by this.”
Officer Jessip declined to utter a response.
Troll continued, “Speaking of spears and staffs, where are my effects?”
“Your what?”
“My clothes and personal possessions.”
Officer Jessip nodded toward another white-paneled wall, and said, “In the closet.  They’ll be returned if you’re ever released, but that all depends on what you have to tell me.  Why?  What’s wrong?  Feeling naked under that hospital gown?”
“Truth be told, I very much desire to smoke a pipe.  I was wondering if’n ye’d be so kind as fetch it for me.”
“A pipe?  A pipe of what?”
“Why, a pipe of tobacco, my good man.  Don’t be daft.
Lips curled in a slight snarl, Officer Jessip glared at him.
Troll added, “If what ye say is true, then ye should find everything within me cloak.”
“You can’t do that.”
“Do what?  Make requests?”
“You can’t smoke.”
Glancing about his preternatural prison, he asked, “Why can’t I smoke in here?”
“No, you don’t get it, buddy.  You can’t smoke anywhere.  It’s illegal.  So is tobacco.  It’s a control-1 substance.  SOP requires first I ask you where you actually got tobacco from, and then confiscate if from you, along with any other contraband I might find in your effects.”
Devastation descended into his bowels like cavern flooring back when the mines collapsed after their desperate exodus from Al’ber Que.
Gazing at Troll, he said, “But I’m not gonna do that.  So, what’s this information you claim to have?”
“In a moment, my good man.  I have only a few more inquiries.”
“You should know, you’re kinda starting to irritate me, and my patience is already thinner than usual today.”
“Dually noted.”
“Go ahead.”
“Where am I?”
Officer Jessip opened his mouth to reply.
Troll added, “Please, be as specific as possible.  Your candor would be greatly appreciated.”
“You’re in Beth Israel Medical Center.  10 Nathan D. Perlman Pl, ste 14, between E 16th street and E 17th street.  New York city, New York state, and in the United States of America, located on the planet Earth.  So, tell me Shakespeare, what planet are you from?”
“This one, I believe.”
“Where?”
“Please, if ye’d be so kind as to entertain a dying man a little longer, I have only one more inquiry.”  Troll nodded toward the window, at the pyramid-like structure, and asked, “What is that ghastly place?”
Officer Jessip snorted, “What that?  That’s Kingdom Incorporated, home and office building to Joshua King, who, by the way, owns this hospital and damn near all of the downtown and midtown area.”  He strut within feet of Troll, and said, “Now tell me who you are, where you’re from, and why you don’t have a scanner chip.”
So, Troll told him.  Everything.  After which, exhaustion racked at his ever-enlarging bones.  Sweaty, and breathing heavily.
Beep-beep-beep-beep
Officer Jessip listened intently until Troll finished speaking.  Then he released an exasperated gasp and sat upon the wheeled-stool.
“That’s impossible,” he said after an immeasurable amount of time.  “I don’t believe a single word of it.”
“Believe it, my good man.  In another world, we were good friends, as was your brother, Ally.”
“I don’t have a brother.”
“No, I suppose ye don’t because he was taken.”
“By Joshua King, right?  Some kinda monster you call the Wraith?”
“Aye.”
Officer Jessip combed his fingers through his hair, and said, “Look Shakespeare, Joshua King is the greatest man this world has ever known.”
“That’s what he wants thee to believe.  And I see in ye’r eyes that he has succeeded in as much.”
“You know, I’d say you were loopy, out of your mind, but I don’t think the meds are confusing you, nor do I think you’re crazy.  All the same, I know you’re not lying.  I can tell when people lie to me.  You believe every single word you just said.  But, I don’t.”
“I know t’is hard to reconcile with, but t’is true.  Every word.”
He scoffed, “Really?  Even the part where you fell in love with an alternate version of Dr. Starkey?”
“Aye, Sadly.”
Waving his hands animatedly in the air, he asked, “And all this, everything I know, isn’t everything, that there are, like, an infinite amount of alternate worlds?  Even me?  I’m just some guy that happens to look exactly like this guy from another dimension?”  He exploded from his seat, paced about the room, combed his fingers through his hair, and hissed, “Oh, I’m not hearing this.  Not today.”
Troll remained mute (yet watching Jeffrey’s every move), as he allotted the young peace officer to soak it all in.
He chuckled, “And this is my favorite part.  The reason we can’t scan you is because you’re from this other world, and you came here in pursuit of this Wraith, Joshua King, the Joshua King, because he killed your woman, this other version of Dr. Starkey, who just so happens to work in this very hospital you woke up in, and took your dog?  Is that right?  He took your fucking dog?”
“Essentially.”
Officer Jessip retrieved his tablet, and said, “Well, while this has certainly been educational, let me teach you a little something about the Joshua King that I know.”  He keyed the tablet’s face and the TV descended from the ceiling and flickered to life.  Speaking directly into the tablet, he said, “Computer, pull up everything you have on Joshua King and put it on the big screen.”
The tablet replied, “Retrieving and redirecting files.  Please wait.”
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome Officer Jessip.”
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Troll gasped, “Good God, that thing talks to you?”
He replied, “Relax, Shakespeare, it’s just a computer.  A really smart device.”
“Ye give ye’r machines intelligence?  That’s absurd.”
“Yeah, well so is all the bullshit you just told me.”
The TV blipped to life; displaying moving pictures.
Officer Jessip snidely continued, “Watch and learn.  Zoom me when you’ve got some actual information for me.  Until then, you’re pretty much stuck here.”  Then he marched toward the white-paneled wall.
Troll bade, “Wait.  I must ask one more thing of thee.”
Officer Jessip grunted, “I think you’ve wasted enough of my time.”
“For a dying man confined in this prison, time is all I have left.  I swear to keep it brief.”
Sigh.  “All right, go ahead.”
“When I first awoke here, I was asked if I knew the date.”
“Yeah, so?”
“Please, officer, indulge me.”
Jeffery’s stubbled face curled in a slight snarl.  He said, “It’s Monday, September 21st 2054.  Welcome to the future Shakespeare.”

****

All the egg-heads retired early for the evening, but Anne still sat with her feet upon the desk in the dark boardroom.
God, didn’t they have a window in here?  Probably.  But she didn’t have access to opening doors, transforming windows from opaque to clear, or anything else.  Not yet.
How could those so-called geniuses work like this?  Squirreled away in the gloom.  She needed inspiration.  She needed sunlight and an autumn’s breeze.
Never-the-less, she continued leafing through the file Dr. Harrington supplied, and jotting down her own notes.  All this science scut bored her.  Half of it she didn’t even understand.  And like usual when bored and sitting alone in the dark, soon a song began to play in her head.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-ba-dum
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-ba-da-dum
Heaven tempt me not
For I am not what I was
Upon a lonely road
I stand still as I roam
And if I could I’d escape
Upon ethereal planes
But I’m still young
Too much left undone
So, Heaven tempt me not
A familiar voice asked, “Thinking about your next album?”
Anne jumped in a start; feet planting firmly to the floor.  Hand pressed against her chest, she breathed rapidly.
Joshua King emerged from the shadows.  Hands folded behind his back, and smiling, he said, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.  I’ve been told I move like a cat.”
And it was true.  Joshua’s shiny, black, wing-tipped shoes didn’t make so much as a subtle sound as he approached her.
Racing heart slowing to a trot, she said, “Sorry, I had my feet on the desk, Mr. King.”
“That’s quite all right.  And please, call me Joshua.”
A shiver of giddy coursed through her.  After less than a day, already she allowed to call him by his first name while everyone respectfully addressed him as Mr. King (except Lilith, who simply referred to him as, brother).
She asked, “How could you tell I was listening to music in my head?”
He chuckled, “Your head was bobbing and your feet were swaying.  Is it a catchy tune?”
She huffed, rubbed her tired eyes, propped an elbow on the desk, and replied, “I think so.”
He held out his hand as if pleading for alms, and said, “Please, recite some for me.”
“I’m sorry Mr…I mean, Joshua.  But I never release anything until it’s ready.”
“I too share your drive for perfection before revealing a new project.”
She craned her head from side-to-side and rolled her shoulders.
“Something the matter, my dear?”
“No.  I’m just not used to sitting in one place for this long.”
He swiftly moved around her, and kneaded his hands into her shoulders and neck.
His fingers felt as cold as ice yet the massage seemed to ease the burning tension in her back, and she moaned in pleasure.
He nodded at her notes, and asked, “So, where are we?”
She replied, “Everything’s set for tomorrow.”  Glancing up at him, she added, “What exactly is it that’s made out of pure silver that we’re compressing?  Or is that classified?”
His eyes and most of his facial features immersed in shadow, he smiled wider, and said. “No, it’s not classified.  At least, not to you.”
He worked his hands down her back; assuaging all the twists and tangles of her flesh, and said, “Call it a gift for someone special.”
Tossing the file upon the desk, she released a sigh of vexation, and said, “Even if the project is successful, and we don’t create a blackhole on Earth, I really don’t see how this would be practical for condensing combinations of different elements.  The science behind it is just staggering.  I can’t make heads-or-tails out of most of it, and if your top egg-heads can’t figure it out…well…I’m not sure this is going to work.”
Kneading his hands deeper, yet tenderly, he asked, “Are you suggesting we scrap the project?”
“Maybe.”  Sigh.  “I don’t know.  Honestly, despite all the science gibberish, I’ve kinda gotten into this.  And I’d be lying if I didn’t say that I’m both excited and terrified about tomorrow.”
“Me too.”
She moaned again.  “Mmm, that feels good.”  Hefting the file in the air, she added, “You know, once this project is declassified, I could write an entire book on matter compression based solely on these notes alone.”  She leaned forward to place the file back on the desk, and his hands drifted down to the small of her back.  For the utmost of brevity, she was completely turned on.
He replied, “And I’ll personally see to it, that once this is declassified, you’ll have everything you need in order to do so.”
She reclined in the plush leather chair as he continued massaging her aching shoulders.  “But what if it doesn’t work at all?  What if it’s a complete failure?  What if absolutely nothing happens?”
Whispering into her ear, he asked, “Do you think we can safely condense pure silver?”
Shuddering with delight, she released a whimsical snort, and said, “Yeah, sure, I guess.  I mean, if the math is right, and it looks like it is, then the experiment will work.  But like I said, I don’t know if this technology can be implemented in the way intended.”
“Well, all the White House cares about are results.  An affirmation their money wisely spent.  So, if tomorrow is a success, that should appease them a little.”
She scoffed, “A very little.”
He clasped his hands, and for a moment, hollowness wormed into her heart.
“You’ve been working very hard, my dear, and it’s getting late.  We’ve got a very big day tomorrow, and I want you bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.  Shall I zoom the limo to take you back to the hotel?”
Nervous her question ridiculous of a man of Joshua’s caliber, she asked, “Actually, do you think you could rub my back for just a little longer?”
Smiling, he replied, “My pleasure.”

****

Jeffrey Jessip stood next to the living room window with his elbow propped against the wall of his apartment; watching the fall rains descend upon the orangish glow of the city’s nighttime skyline.  His apartment was small and cramped.  One of those overpriced one-bedroom deals with alabaster walls that everyone fussed over.   Shit-brown berber carpeting and vinyl blinds fashioned his humble accommodations.  Books and magazines were haplessly strewn across the floor.  He owned no real furniture.  Foldable party chairs were the best he could boast.  Dirty dishes may have stacked the constantly dripping sink, that is, if he actually had dishes, which he didn’t.  The scenery was a typical New York view of nothing; just the backs of other cramped apartment buildings.
He just couldn’t believe it.  Other worlds, other versions of people, it just wasn’t possible.
But then again, after all that transpired today, he certainly felt like a living doppelganger of his former self.
His best friend, and in the prime of his life, died of a heart-attack or aneurism.  He finally met the woman of his dreams, and a complete stranger insisted she (or rather, another version of her), belonged to him.  And on top of all that, the stranger, the first John Doe in over twenty years, proclaimed Joshua King, undoubtedly the greatest man who ever lived, was a monster.
It just didn’t add up.  It didn’t make sense.
“It ain’t supposed to make sense,” Mikey said.
The two sat on a park bench wearing sweat-stained fatigues.  The early Autumn air felt chilly, yet refreshing as crisp, brown leaves danced in the gentle breeze.
They met in the academy and quickly became friends.  Even after graduation, they still jogged together every morning until Mikey met Norma.  Then it seemed, his best friend didn’t have time for him anymore.  But that was a selfish notion, and Jeffery knew it.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Jeffery had asked.
Mikey licked his lips.  A habit of his.  His neatly groomed goatee seemed to cock with his smiling face.  “Think about it man, if things made sense, then we wouldn’t have a job.  Figuring shit out is what we do.”
A more solemn truth had hardly ever been uttered.
He glanced over at the cardboard cut-out of his childhood hero, Sherlock Holmes, and sighed.
None of it seemed real.  Not even Mikey’s death.  And because of that, he couldn’t even properly mourn his friend’s passing.  Hell, he still refused to accept it.
He contemplated zooming Norma to inquire how she was holding up.  But that was stupid.  Not because he didn’t want to converse with her; which he didn’t (truth be told, he never liked talking to her, and frankly, never understood what Mikey saw in her), but also, because he already knew the answer to that inquiry.  As Mikey would say, he’d already figured that shit out.  And figuring shit out, was what he did best.
A blip resonated from his tablet, and he fished it out of his pocket.  He touched the surface and the screen flickered before displaying his mother’s face.
She said, “Hey, son, how’s my little bubeleh?”
Combing his fingers through his hair, he replied, “I’m doing.  How’re you?”
“Good, good.”
“Where’s pop?”
“He’s in the den, watching his programs.”
“You know that TV will rot your brain.”
“Oh, tell me about it.  Some of the drek they show…oy vey.”
“So, what’s up, ma?”
“I don’t know, call it mother’s intuition, but I could just sense you needed to talk to someone.”
Wow.  How to answer that?  Should he tell her about Mikey’s death?  No, he still hadn’t even come to terms with it.  Should he tell her about meeting the woman of his dreams?  Or about Troll, the John Doe?  No, he certainly couldn’t tell her that, it was classified information.
“No, ma, everything’s good.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, yeah, it’s just this case I’m working on, you know.”
“Case?  What kind of case?”
Teeth clenched; he ran his fingers through his hair again.
“How’s Mikey?”
After a moment’s hesitation, he replied, “He’s good, ma.  He’s real good.”
“Good.”
“Listen, ma, I gotta go, but before I do, do you think I could ask you a personal question?”
“Of course.”
“Did I ever have a brother?  Maybe a child you had before I was born?  One that died?  One named Ally?”
Why did he ask that?  He didn’t know.  He just couldn’t get Troll’s voice out of his head.
We were friends.  You and your brother, Ally.
Things just didn’t add up, and he needed to find out why.
Figuring shit out is what we do.
His mother’s face grew pallid and somber.
“I’m sorry, ma, don’t answer that.”
“No, no, it’s okay.  It’s time you knew.”  A single tear slithered down her haggard and wrinkly face.  She sniffled, and said, “You never had a brother.  It was a sister, a twin sister, and her name was Allison.  She was stillborn when she came out.  Like she just had the life sucked out of her.  Your father and I were completely devastated.  But then you came.  We never even knew I was pregnant with twins.  The war had just ended, and we endured burying one child and raising another.  Everything happened so fast, and was too hard to talk about.  So, we never told you.”  Gazing at him through the tablet’s display, she asked, “How did you know?”
Stifling a cold shiver, he shrugged, and boldly proclaimed, “Just a hunch.  You know me.  Anyway, I gotta go.”
“Well, okay, bubeleh, zoom me if you want to talk about anything.”
“Okay.”
“Love you.”
“Love you too, ma.  And give the ol’ man a great, big, sloppy kiss for me.”
Then the screen flickered blank.
How the hell did he know?  How in the green-Hell did Troll know he had an older sibling named Ally?
A knocking sounded upon the entry door, and Jeffrey jumped in a start.  Wearily he approached the portal and passed his left hand across the display-plate.
The door opened with a whoosh.
A boy with frizzy hair around the age of fourteen, and in ragged clothes, stood there.  The boy asked, “Peace Officer Jessip?”
“Yeah, what you want?”
“Your friend told me to give you this.”
The boy reached into his jacket, and for a moment, Jeffrey was certain he’d pull out a gun.
Impossible.  Guns were illegal.  Not even peace officers carried them.
Instead, the boy produced a tablet, and held it out to him.
“What’s that?”
Shrugging, the boy replied, “Someone’s tablet that was confiscated by a peace officer.  He told me to bring it to you if anything happened to him.”
Excitement flurrying within him like butterflies, he took the tablet, and asked, “Mikey told you to give me this?”
The boy raced off down the hallway.
He could pursue the boy, but he didn’t.  Curious, he keyed the tablet’s face, but the screen read, LOCKED.
Figured.
If Mikey really did intend for only him to view the tablet, then it made sense only he could unlock it, deductive logic.
He passed his left-hand over the surface and the screen flickered to life.  Then he witnessed something he couldn’t believe; a live recording taken on the streets.
The scene seemed so unfathomable; once it over, he watched it once more.  Then again.
He uttered, “Holy shit.”
Then he watched it again.
Glimpsing at the cardboard cut-out of Sherlock, he whispered, “It just can’t be.”
But it was.  And he knew it.
If things made sense, we wouldn’t have a job.  Figuring shit out is what we do.
Jeffrey quickly stumbled toward his bed; afraid the lock-box hidden beneath his mattress gone.  But it was right where he left it.  He thumbed the combination and flicked open the lid of the box.
Peace officers didn’t carry guns, but that didn’t mean Jeffrey (an aspiring detective) didn’t own a martial means of defense.
He grabbed the nickel-plated 38 and hefted the weapon’s weight as if shaking with an old friend.  But there were other weapons in the box.
Gazing at an avocado-shaped object, he heard his mother’s voice in his head, “Take it, bubeleh, you’ll need it.”
Reflecting on the video he watched over and over on the confiscated tablet, he glanced at the cardboard cut-out of Sherlock and reminisced on that old adage, “When you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”

****

As per usual, Troll peered out over the city skyline; dozing in and out of restless slumber.  He knew not how long, for in this metropolis the sun did not drift lethargically across the sky, signaling the passage of time, but either donned a stony, smoggy hue, or an eerie orangish glow (nighttime), that reminded him way too much of Al’ber Que.  The dance he shared with his dove.  The love they made.
Lights still blinked.  Motorized carriages still rolled about.
God, did no one sleep in this cursed realm?
Beep-beep-beep
Ah, yes, and that infernal machine.
The cacophony of it all was enough to drive a man to madness.
His cerebrations drifted toward Byron.  The black sludge drizzling from his bearded chin.  The way he constantly muttered to himself.  That manic look on his face right before he taken.
If he kept in this preternatural prison much longer, Troll feared he too would go insane.
Perhaps that was the Wraith’s plan.
A whoosh sounded and his heart leapt in trepidation.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
“Dr. Starkey, be that ye?”
“Guess again, Shakespeare.”
“Ah, Peace Officer Jessip, how good of thee to see me.”
Instead, Susan faced him.  For once she didn’t don her paper mask and hat.  She held her hands in the air as fear and befuddlement spangled her face.  Officer Jessip followed, holding a gun to the back of Susan’s cranium.
Troll said, “Why Susan, what are ye still doing here at this late of hour?”
She quavered, “On call.”
He didn’t know what that meant, but he said, “I see.”  Gaze dithering between officer Jessip and the shooter in his grasp, he added, “I must say, my good man, your actions are not becoming of that of an officer of peace.”
He replied, “I’m sorry, but I need to talk to you, and it ain’t exactly visiting hours.”
“I’m all ears.”
“I lost a friend today.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, but we’re all dying, chin up.”
“I believe he was murdered.”
Trembling, Susan said, “There hasn’t been a murder in almost twenty years.  Ever since people were implanted with scanning chips.”
Officer Jessip pressed the barrel to the back of her head, and snarled, “I wasn’t talking to you.  I’m talking to Shakespeare over here.”
A terse moment of silence elapsed as Susan shuddered and shook.
Jessip peered into Troll’s gape, and said, “I believe you.  And I’m here to set you free.”
Sighing, Troll replied, “I know.  And it’s about time.”
He chuckled, “Yeah, well apparently there’s a lot of things that you know that I don’t.  That’s why I’m cutting you loose, so we can chat in private.  Nurse, release his restraints.”
Susan quivered, “I can’t do that.  Only a head resident can.  I don’t have clearance.”
Glancing at the empty receptacles of protein shakes, Troll replied, “Ah, but ye do have clearance.  Dr. Starkey gave it to thee to allow access to her office.  And then later, ye still had access to loosen these.”  He flaunted the mechanical snakes that still tethered him to the vertically erect table.”
Officer Jessip nudged Susan with the barrel again, and said, “Release him.”
“O…okay.”  Very slowly, Susan retrieved her tablet and keyed the surface.
A pneumatic whirling hummed, and Troll’s manacles released.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Legs numb and weak, he tottered forward.
“Easy now,” jittered Officer Jessip.
Troll pulled the tubed stingers out of his veins.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Then he ripped the wired suckers from his chest.
Beep-beep-beep-beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Then he smashed his fist into the source of that infernal claxon, and roared, “Cursed contraption!”
Metal and plastic flew through the air like shrapnel.  Sparks popped and the scent of burning ozone burgeoned in the stagnant atmosphere.
Susan screamed.
Hand pressed to his chest, Troll said, “Hush, good woman.  We do not wish to alert the authorities.”
Jessip replied, “Don’t worry, these rooms are sound proof.  Aren’t they Susan?”
“Y…yes.”
“And as far as authority goes, well, technically I’m the authority.”  He cocked the gun and pressed it firmly into Susan’s hair.
She whimpered, “Please, sir.  Don’t hurt me.  I have a family.  I have a little girl.  And she’s very sick.  She needs me.”
Troll grumbled, “Perhaps she should be in here.”
In a voice as calm as pre-storm weather, Jessip said, “Naw, I ain’t gonna hurt ya.  I just need you to understand the fact that this never happened.  We were never here.  Any of us.”
“Wh…what…?”
He growled, “You didn’t see us.  We were never here.  Do you understand that?”
“Y…yes.”
“I said, do you understand that?”
“Yes,”
“Then say it.”
“I…I…”
“I said, say it.”
Troll shouted, “Officer Jessip--”
He snarled, “What?  I don’t think you understand how deep this shit goes.  The entire investigation around your appearance.  She needs to know that if she talks about this, we’re all dead.  You, me, Susan, and her entire family.”
Susan sobbed, “I won’t talk.  I won’t talk.”
“I need assurances,” growled Officer Jessip.
Troll asked, “But do ye really need to kill this woman over simple assurances?  Do ye really intend on murdering a woman who’s shown me nothing but kindness?  Thee?  An officer of peace.  How could ye even live with yerself after that?  How could thee really condemn such a fate upon a person when ye yerself just lost a friend?”
“You killed men.  You told me yourself.”
“Aye, but never in cold-blood.”
Another terse moment of silence elapsed.
Susan’s weeping remained the only sound.
Finally, Officer Jessip combed his fingers through his hair, released a sigh of exasperation, and said, “I just don’t know what else to do.”
Troll asked, “What if I did?  Quickly, man, fetch my effects.”
Nudging Susan with the barrel once more, Jessip said, “You heard the man.  Get his shit out of storage.”
Trembling, she obliged; retrieving Troll’s sandals, kilt, deer-skinned shirt, and of course, his magic cloak.
Jessip snorted, “Are you fucking kidding me?  You can’t wear that in public.”
He asked, “And why is that?”
“You’ll stick out like a sore-thumb.”
He didn’t know that expression, but in his mind, he heard ‘Ro say, “They’ll see you plain as daises.”  And he understood the simile.
He said, “Very well.”  He draped his cloak over him as if it nothing more than a common raincoat, and stuffed the rest of his effects within what remained of the bottomless pockets of his magic cloak.
Susan gasped, “What the hell!”
Jessip sneered, “I’ve seen stranger shit today.”
Troll produced his medallion, spun the chain between his thumb and forefinger, and said, “Susan, look at this.  Are ye looking?”
“Yes.”
“I want thee to listen to the sound of my voice.  Are ye listening?”
“Yes”
“Shut ye’r eyes.”
She did.
Troll continued, “Ye never saw us.  Ye never admitted a…a…”
Jessip mouthed, “John Doe.”
“Ye never met a John Doe.  Ye never met Officer Jessip.  And ye never had clearance to Dr. Starkey’s office.”
Jessip cleared his throat and nodded toward the machine Troll decimated with just one blow.
Troll chuckled, “Ah, yes, and ye have no idea what happened to that infernal contraption.”
She droned, “I have no idea what happened to that infernal contraption.”
Troll pulled out the wheeled stool from under the desk, and said, “Now, when I snap my fingers ye will sit and watch ye’r beloved TV, and ye shall not be roused until someone utters thy name three times.  Do ye understand?”
“Yes.”
“Then, repeat it.”
In an eerie monotone, she replied, “I will sit here and watch TV until someone speaks my name three times.”  Then she sat upon the stool and gazed vacantly at the news broadcasts of everything Joshua King supposedly did for this cursed world.
Troll stormed toward Jessip, and for the briefest instant, the young peace officer recoiled.  Troll asked, “Why are ye doing this?  Speak plainly.”
“Like I said, I’m here because I believe you and because I believe my friend was murdered to cover up a John Doe.”
Troll sneered, “But I am labeled John Doe.  There is no cover up.  People know of me.  And there exists an investigation into my arrival.  Ye told me yerself.”
“I’m not talking about you.”
“What?”
Chuckling, Jessip replied, “It took me a while to figure out, until I saw it on zoom.  Your dog.  You weren’t talking about a dog.  It was a person by the name of Dog, right?”
Troll shrugged, “Partly.”
“Well, he’s the John Doe I’m talking about.”
Troll grasped Jessip’s shoulders, gazed into the officer’s gaped, and asked, “What are ye saying?”
“I think I know where your friend is.  I think I know what happened to him.”
Troll’s heart arrhythmically galloped in his chest.  In his mind he heard that infernal claxon, Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Troll patted Jessip on the shoulder, and said, “Quickly, we haven’t a moment to lose.”

****


2

Troll said, “Show it to me again.”
Officer Jessip sighed, and said, “You’ve already seen it five times.’
“I know that, my good man.  I can count.  But I want to see it again.”
After Troll’s emancipation, the two literally just strolled out of the hospital into the pre-dawn’s frigid air.  No one stopped or questioned them, as if someone or something wanted Troll to escape.
Shivering, Troll clutched his cloak tightly about his hefty frame, and asked, “Is ye’r world always so cold?”
Jessip chuckled, “Hey, what can I say, it’s New York in September.”
Teeth clenched, he replied, “Aye, whatever that means.”
Under the cover of night’s orangish street-lamp-glow they hoofed it to Gramercy Park, where the two now sat on a park bench fashioned from wrought iron and wooden slats.
Troll feared the bench would break under his heft, but thankfully that didn’t happen.
Officer Jessip kept glancing over his shoulder, as if he feared they’d be found out at any moment and subsequently apprehended.  Thankfully, that also did not occur.
Troll couldn’t shake the sinking suspicion that the Wraith wanted them to proceed.
There, Officer Jessip showed Troll the recording that helped the young peace officer come to terms with all he’d learned the previous day.
“Please, my good man, play it again.”
“All right, all right, hold your horses.”
“What horses?”
“It’s just an expression.”
“Well, it’s not a very good one.”
Keying the display, Jessip added, “Like I was telling you, from what I can gather from this video, it looks like the person recording it was a tourist.  They saw something they shouldn’t have, so their tablet was confiscated.  I believe my friend was murdered to cover it up.”
The screen blipped to life, and once again, Troll watched the same scene he’d witnessed the previous times examining the video:  A person of small stature (probably a child), recorded himself walking through a public park as people and joggers shuffled past.  Trees swayed in the autumn breeze, and the sound of purling water was clearly evident.
And just like before, Officer Jessip reiterated his narration of what Troll observed.
He said, “That’s here, Gramercy Park.  The sound of water is coming from over there.”  He pointed over yonder, and added, “It’s a fountain with a statue in the middle of three turtles standing atop each other’s shells.”
Troll cupped a hand over his eyes and squinted in the direction Jessip pointed, but alas, his vision not as keen as it used to be.  He retrieved Star’s compass and opened the face.  Sure enough, the needle pointed in the exact same direction as Jessip’s outstretched finger.
Bingo.  That must’ve been where the Dog crossed over, it just had to be.
Though his vision faulty the view on the tablet’s screen remained pristine.  Sure enough, there stood a fountain with a large turtle in the middle, upon that turtle rested a smaller turtle, and atop that, crowned an even smaller one.  The smallest turtle’s head was craned upward, from which a fountain of water shot out about six-feet straight up (best as he could wager).
As if showing the video for the first time, Jessip said, “Now watch this.”
A bright, blue flash emanated, and the screen fizzled out.
Jessip added, “I figure that’s static from some sort of electro-magnetic interference.”
The screen flickered again before returning to the initial image, except now, the Dog stood before the fountain.
The cur wore his boots, Al’ber Querian armor, one gauntlet, and his belt of daggers.  In addition, a bow and quiver full of arrows festooned his torso.
Impossible.  The Dog had been deprived of his weapons before even arriving upon the major bluffs.  Then again, Fedic did enter the very same portal donning the Dog’s effects.  Perhaps they returned to him.  But why?
Jessip cleared his throat, combed his fingers through his hair, and said, “Then your dog wanders away.”
And it was true.
“And that’s it.  Just more of some kid recording the park.  Nothing about anybody else crossing-over.  If this Futnick, or whatever, did come through, it ain’t on here.”
Troll chuckled.
“What?”
He replied, “It’s nothing.  Just that, your alternate also referred to Fedic as Futnick.”
“Guess we got a lot in common then.”
“Not really, no.”  He rubbed his hands to keep the frost’s early morning bite at bay, and said, “I still don’t understand how ye know where my friend is based upon this information alone.”
Smirking, Jessip replied, “That’s the easy part.  Your friend was armed to the teeth.”
“Clearly.”
“But you can’t just go strolling around New York with a bunch of weapons.  You’d be questioned by peace officers and probably arrested.  But there’s no arrest report for this dog-guy.”
“So?”
“Also, this tablet was confiscated from its owner.  And on top of all that, there ain’t a single report on the news of any Jon Does.”
“So, where did he go?”
Jessip patted him on the shoulder, and said, “Now, you’re asking the right questions.”
He reminisced upon his time within the tower of the house master, and shuddered.
Jessip said, “I can get you to him.  I’ve got a plan.”  His smirk transformed into a dour grimace.
“But?”
“But I need you to get arrested.”
Troll stood, brushed off his cloak, and said, “That shouldn’t be a problem for one such as I.  Now, return to your vocation my young peace officer, so that we don’t arouse suspicion.  It shan’t take long for me to accomplish this task.”
“What are you gonna do?”
Troll smiled.  The sensation felt awkward, like exercising an atrophied muscle.  “I’m going to do what I would normally do in a precarious situation of this nature.”
“Oh yeah, and what’s that?”
“I’m going to enjoy myself.”

****

Observing her via video monitor, Joshua King watched Dr. Mary-Anne Starkey stroll down the hospital hallway, and toward Troll’s room.
Smiling reminiscently, she toyed with the collar of her lab-coat.
No-doubt, she cogitated on her date with Peace Officer Jessip.
Hatred and disgust swirled within Joshua at the very notion of happiness.
But this was all part of the plan.
Befuddlement washed Dr. Starkey’s face as she entered Troll’s room only to find Susan, three peace officers (‘though none of them Jeffrey), only one of which wore their shiny helmet; concealing their face.  And as if the cherry atop a sundae, none other than the hairy, bulbous hospital administrator and chief of medicine, Dr. David Horwowitz.
Joshua reclined in his chair and steepled his fingers as he watched the events unfold.  He muttered, “Dance puppets.”
On the big screen, Mary-Anne asked, “What’s going on in here?  Where’s my patient?”
Frowning, arms swinging, face sweaty and flushed, Dr. Horwowitz, stomped toward her, and said, “It’s about time, Dr. Starkey.  Where the hell have you been?  I’ve been trying to contact you all morning.”  His puffy, sanguine cheeks juxtaposed the dandruff sifting from his thinning dirty-blond hair.
Retrieving the tablet from her lab-coat, she replied, “I didn’t receive any zooms from you today.”  She strutted past Dr. Horwowitz and toward the peace officers surrounding Susan (who sat upon the stool, and gazed blankly at the TV), and iterated, “What’s going on?  Where’s Troll?”
Face scrunched, Dr. Horwowitz asked, “Who?”
Joshua snickered.
Massaging her brow, she asked, “Our John Doe.”
Arms crossed, he replied, “That’s exactly what we’d like to know.  Tell me Dr. Starkey, where were you this morning.”
She scoffed, “Well, it’s Wednesday morning, so naturally, I’ve been making rounds.”  Nodding toward Susan, she asked an officer, “What’s wrong with her?”
“We’re not sure, ma’am, she’s completely unresponsive, almost like she’s in a trance, or something.”
She knelt next to Susan, and asked, “Susan?”
But Susan’s vapid gape stayed glued to the screen.
“Susan, can you hear me?  Are you all right?”
Still nothing.
An officer said, “It’s like I said, she’s completely unresponsive.”  He snapped his fingers in front of Susan’s face, and asked, “Are you in there, ma’am?”
Susan didn’t flinch or twitch a muscle.
“Hello, ma’am, are you in there?”
Mary-Anne said, “Susan, her name is--”
Jolting to life, Susan glanced about, and asked, “What?  What happened?  Where am I?  What’s going on?”
“Finally,” sighed the other unmasked officer.
Mary-Anne asked, “Where’s Troll?”
Susan replied, “Who?”
“You know, our John Doe.”
Flaunting an awkward smile, Susan shook her head, and said, “Dr. Starkey, we haven’t had a John Doe in over twenty years.”
“Yeah, I know.  That’s why he’s being investigated.”
Bottom lip protruding, Susan asked, “Why who’s being investigated?”
Arms still crossed, Dr. Horwowitz huffed, “Oh, for Pete’s sake, this is getting us nowhere.  Just pull up the data stream from last night.”
An unmasked officer fetched their tablet, keyed the surface, and said, “We already have.  There’s nothing there.”
“Show it to me,” persisted Dr. Horwowitz.
The officer brought the tablet close to her face, and said, “Computer, put last night’s data stream up on the big screen.”
In a hollow, monotonous voice, the device replied, “Retrieving and redirecting files.  Please wait.”
“Thank you, computer.”
“You’re welcome Peace Officer Thompson.”
After a moment, the TV flickered and displayed the previous night’s surveillance.  And just as Officer Thompson proclaimed, they learned nothing new or credible.  One minute, the screen showed Troll strapped to the vertically erect table.  Then static distorted the picture.  The next thing they saw was Susan sitting upon the stool; starring at the TV.
“Must be some kind of electro-magnetic interference,” chimed the masked officer.
Slamming a fist into his palm, Dr. Horwowitz declared, “That’s impossible!  In this day and age!”
The third officer said to Officer Thompson, “Wait a second, go back.”
Officer Thompson glided her finger upon the tablet’s surface, and the recording scrolled backward to right before the static.
“Look at that,” he said, “It looks like about a five-minute jump in time-code.”
Teeth clenched, Dr. Horwowitz hissed, “Impossible.”
No-doubt thinking of Officer Jessip, Mary-Anne scanned the room as any good detective would a crime-scene.  She stared at the empty case of protein shakes, the IV lying on the floor with coagulated blood coating the needle, the discarded wired suckers, and the smashed EKG machine.  Nodding at the empty receptacles, she asked, “Susan, are those my protein shakes?”
Susan blinked, and replied, “I don’t see how.  I don’t have access to your office.”
“Uh, yeah you do.  Don’t you remember?”
Susan’s head dipped in thought.  “No.”
“What the hell?  How can you not remember?”
Then Dr. Starkey and Dr. Horowitz started shouting at each other.
From behind Joshua’s desk, Lilith emerged from the shadows wearing an open black, silk robe; revealing all her lady-parts.  Mincing toward her brother, she sat upon the edge of the desk, and asked, “Enjoying this, are you?”
Smirking, Joshua replied, “It’s not my favorite show, but it has its moments.”
Then they both turned their attention to the massive screen.
Dr. Starkey knelt beside Susan once more, took her hand, and asked, “So you honestly don’t remember Troll, our John Doe.”
Releasing a nervous chuckle, she replied, “No, Dr. Starkey.  I believe I already told you that.”
Glancing at the peace officers, she asked, “Do you remember Peace Officer Jessip?”
“No.  Why?”  Gape dithering among the officers, she asked, “Is it one of them?”
Mary-Anne replied, “No, it isn’t.”
Sweating profusely, and face donning a beet-red-hue, Dr. Horwowitz said, “Yes.  That’s a good point.”  Admonishing a finger at the officers, he added, “I want all of your names.”
Officer Thompson belted, “Peace Officer Maria Thompson.  Serial number 11407-211.”  She stood short and stocky.  Probably Hispanic.  Her long, brown hair tied back in a pony-tail.  Her physique suggested she not unaccustomed to soccer or field hockey.
The other chimed, “Peace Officer Leonard Chavez.  Serial number 26753-778.”  Chavez was tall and gangly.  Not at all what one would surmise or his surname.  His neatly groomed beard waggled as he spoke.
Susan cried, “Wait, I do remember something.”  Thin, effeminate eyebrows arched into half-moons.
Officer Thompson asked, “What?”
Gaze distant, Susan rubbed her thumb and forefinger together, as if rolling a small chain between her slender digits, and said, “I remember something that glimmered…something shiny…something gold…like a locket or a necklace.”
The masked officer asked, “Can you think of anything else at this time, ma’am?  Anything that would help us understand what happened here?”
On the big screen, Dr. Horwowitz said to Susan, “Don’t answer that.”  He marched toward the masked officer, and snarled, “You still haven’t told us who you are.”
“Peace Officer Fedic.”
Bushy, caterpillar-like eyebrows furrowed, Dr. Horwowitz asked, “First or last name?  And what’s your serial number?”
Draping an arm around Joshua’s shoulders, Lilith said, “Your boy’s good.  I think he’s really starting to get the hang of this world.”
Joshua hushed her, and replied, “This is my favorite part.”
Susan cried, “Wait!  I do remember something else.”
Mary-Anne asked, “What?  What do you remember?”
Gaze distant once more, Susan pointed toward the smashed EKG machine, and in a gruff voice, said, “I have no idea what happened to that infernal contraption.”

****

Donning a spotless white-leather uniform and shiny helmet that masked their facial features, a peace officer stormed toward Troll, shouting, “Hey, you!  What are you doing?  You can’t do that!”
Ah, finally.  Not exactly on schedule, but still according to plan.
Troll stood amid some gigantic intersection riddled with passer-byers and motorized carriages.  Blinking lights and moving pictures decorated towering pillars of glass and steel.  The chilly Autumn air reeked of fetid trash and sweat.  Or perhaps that was just his own perspirations.  According to Peace Officer Jessip, this place was one of great significance.  Something called the Square of Times or something to that effect, Troll couldn’t remember.
Still dressed in his cloak and hospital gown, he clutched himself, and rubbed his shoulders against the frigid morning’s air.
He didn’t know how far he’d walked, nor did he care.  Officer Jessip offered to give him a “lift”.  But he graciously declined, and insisted he needed to perambulate before setting this particular scheme into motion.  The hike reminded him of the one he’d engaged in upon his first morning in Silverdale, but he didn’t remember the quant hamlet (or even the mines, for that matter), being this cold.
Despite his heft or odd garb, and despite Jessip’s assurances he’d stick out like a sore thumb, people barely glanced at Troll.
Once again, his cerebrations whisked back to Al’ber Que, the first time in his life where complete strangers didn’t gawk at him as he trolled about his business.
As he meandered down small, frigid avenues (something Jessip referred to as a “side-walk”), he reflected upon all he’d traversed, all he’d overcome.  How strong he’d once been.
Now look at him.  Hobbling down some street and freezing his half-naked ass-off.  He lost his best friend, the love of his life, everyone he once called friend; he was lost in some foreign realm where it seemed his only salvation was to be apprehended by forces of Joshua King, the Wraith.
On top of all that, he was dying.  He knew that before Dr. Starkey’s diagnosis.  Unfortunately, he’d known since awaking in Al’ber Que; that he was dead; that they were all dead.  But he refused to accept it.  He held on despite everything it cost.  And now he never sang.  He no longer wrote in his journal.  He’d abandoned interest in pretty much everything that made life worth living.  Hell, he barely even prayed anymore
“I remember how calm and collective you used to be,” said the shadowy eidolon.  “How you used to sing and jest.  Now look at you.  Withered and frayed, soured like a man twice your age.  I like you this way, I think.  I also think I like you better without any faith.  Have I robbed you of that yet?”
Indeed, he had.
“Tell me, have I finally broken you?”
No.  He would not let the Wraith win.  He couldn’t.
Shivering, he ambled onward as his bare feet scraped across panels of artificial pathways.
When he arrived at the Square of Times, he exhaled a deep breath as plumes of steam escaped his mouth and fled into the chilly, morning air.  Then he did the one thing that provided any semblance of assuagement; the thing he’d pinned for since first waking in this cursed kingdom.  He packed a pipe.  And then he smoked it.
Expectorating saliva, he gagged on the rich, miasmic vapors as if it his first toke.  And within moments he accosted by a cadre of peace officers.
One asked, “Excuse me sir, but what the hell do you think you’re doing?”
Shrugging, Troll replied, “I’m doing nothing more than enjoying the morning, and thee?”
“That looks and smells like tobacco.”
“Indeed, it is, my good man.  How perceptive of thee.”
Another chimed, “Yeah, well smoking is illegal.  Protocol dictates I ask you where you actually got tobacco from, and then confiscate it along with any other paraphernalia.”
“So, I have come to understand.”
“So, where’d you get the smoke from?  Who gave it to you?”
“No one.  I brought it with me.”
As if scratching her head, another officer rubbed the crown of her glossy helmet, and asked, “Brought it from where?”
Troll replied, “I hardly think that relevant, what is important is that I am smoking.  I believe I’ve violated a social convention or ordinance, and must now be apprehended.”
Mouth agape, the first officer said, “Uh, we don’t just go around arresting people for civil infractions.  We’re not the police.”
Troll ruminated on his arrest in Al’ber Que; how eager his captors were to shackle and confine him.
Good Lord, what must a man do to be taken into custody?
For some reason, he thought of Shadeem; what he’d do in a predicament such as this.
As if testing the ripeness of a melon, Troll prodded his middle and index-finger into the lead officer’s chest, and said, “Right ye are.  In fact, ye don’t appear much of anything.  And I am well versed in appearances.  Do ye eat enough fiber?”
Thumb cocked at Troll, the lead officer glanced at the others, and in a thick, nasal accent, asked, “What’s with this guy?”
One replied, “I don’t know captain, but he sure ain’t from around here.”
Troll imbibed another draw from his pipe, and replied, “I’m glad to see ye’r city guarded by those of such an astute nature.”
“Uh, what?” asked another.
Shoulders back, chest puffed out, Troll proudly boasted, “Come now, then, arrest me, for I have committed a crime.”
“Well, it ain’t exactly a crime--” His words were cut short by another few jabs to his pectorals.  Once more, he turned to the others, and asked, “Is this guy goading me?”
“I think so, captain.”
Retrieving his tablet, the captain said, “All right, pal, show me your wrist.”
“I regret to inform thee that won’t work on one such as I.”
“Uh-huh, well, I’ll be the judge of that.”  The captain passed the device across Troll’s left hand.  The gadget beeped.  Gazing at the tablet’s face, the captain said, “Uh…that’s weird.”
“What is it, boss?”
“There’s no data stream.”
“What?  That’s impossible.”
Flaunting the screen’s face at the other officer, the captain said, “See for yourself.  There’s nothing.  We can’t scan him.”
“Here, let me try,” chirped another.
One-by-one they all attempted running their individual tablets over the spot where a scanner-chip would normally reside.
The outcome remained the same.
“Nope.  Nothing.  We can’t scan him.”
Taking another toke, Troll said, “Told thee so.”
Palm extended, one said, “Sir, I’m going to have to ask you to stop doing that.”
“And what if I refuse?  Will ye make me?”
The officer’s mouth twitched beneath his opal face-guard, but he didn’t utter a reply.
Troll continued, “And as for ye’r failed attempts at scanning me, I believe I have broken another of ye’r laws.”  As if offering to be shackled, he proffered his fists, and amended, “Come now, and apprehend me.”
The captain’s head dipped and then slowly rose, as if his shielded gaze sized-up Troll’s stature.  He said, “Uh, sir, we have no authority or legal right to do so.”
Troll drew from his pipe once more and stomped toward the captain.
The captain shrank back.
Troll exhaled the pungent smoke in his face, and said, “Son, don’t make me strike ye.”
Coughing, the captain waved a white-gloved hand over his guarded face to dissipate the acerbic plumes, and said, “All right, guys.  Cuff him.”

****

Officer Jessip sat outside Lieutenant Kaffe’s office, waiting to be called in.  While perched upon a plastic chair, his thoughts drifted to Dr. Starkey and their date.  With everything going on, he’d completely forgotten to zoom her and remind her of what a great time he had, and to ask her out again.
But should he?
The problem was that he now believed everything Troll told him.  Unfortunately, that meant Troll probably smitten with his woman’s alternate.  But that was the thing, it wasn’t his woman; not really.
Of course, if he truly believed Troll’s story (which he did), that also meant that Joshua King, the Joshua King was some sort of shape-shifting monster responsible for the cover up of the two John Does and the murder of his best friend.
What bedeviled him the most was:  How far up the chain-of-command did such deception go?  Furthermore, was there anyone in the department he could still trust?  He didn’t know.  But he needed to find out.  And he needed to buy Troll time to accomplish his part of the plan.
The tablet of his screen blipped to life, displaying the dour face of his superior officer.
Lt. Kaffe said, “Good morning, Officer Jessip, I understand you wanted a word with me.”
“Yeah, if it ain’t too much trouble.”
“I think I can spare a few minutes.  Please, come in.”
So, he did.
As per usual, Lt. Kaffe sat in her posh, brown-leather throne.
The door closed behind him with a pneumatic whoosh as Jeffrey approached the Lieutenant’s desk and stood at attention.
Hands clasped, she asked, “How are you this morning?”
“You’ll have to excuse me if we skip the small talk, but I have some evidence regarding the death of Officer Johnson.”
With a sigh of exasperation, she massaged the wrinkles on her brow, and said, “Officer, I believe I already told you, we’re not investigating that.  Your job is to investigate this John Doe case.”
Combing his fingers through his hair, he replied, “I believe what I have to show you ties in to that case.”
“You couldn’t just zoom me this information.”
“That’s the thing, I believe what I have is precisely why Mikey was murdered.”
“He wasn’t murdered, he suffered a--”
“A heart-attack or aneurism, right?  Tell me, did we receive the autopsy report yet?”
“No, not yet.”
“Aren’t you curious as to why?”
Sigh.  “All right, I’m listening.”
He fished the confiscated tablet out of the pocket of his white-leather jacket and passed his left-hand across the display-plate.  “Here,” he said.
“What am I supposed to do with that?”
“Just watch it.  There’s something on here you should see.”  He handed her the gadget, and she gazed at the device’s face.  Like any good detective, he observed her every minute motion as she watched the video:  the way her boney fingers curled; the way her bottom lip twitched.
Without so much as a glance, she asked, “What is this?”
“Just keep watching.”
Her withered face illuminated with a bright, blue flash as she fidgeted in her seat.  When the video over, she glared at him, and asked, “Where did you get this?”
“From Mikey.”  Thumbs hooked in his belt buckle, he added, “If you read the time-code you’ll find the video takes place on the very same day as the arrival of our first John Doe, within minutes, and within a two-block radius.”
“So?”
“So, two John Does appearing out of the blue is like something out of a sci-fi movie.  It just doesn’t happen.  Someone witnessed it, their tablet was confiscated, and anyone who knew about was silenced or murdered.”
“How do I know this isn’t yours?”
Jeffrey retrieved his own tablet and held it out for her to see.
“I still don’t understand what this has to do with the John Doe case.”
“Troll says he knows the guy appearing on the video, he says it’s his friend.”
Slender eyebrow arched, she stared intently at him.
Interesting, she didn’t ask who Troll was; almost like she already knew the answer to that.
She asked, “So, where is this other John Doe?”
“That’s what I’d like to know.  The guy was armed to the teeth.  There’s no news report of his arrival.  He’s not on the streets.  And there’s no arrest record within the department’s archives.  So, I’m asking you, lieutenant, where is he?”
She just sat there glaring at him.
He asked, “He’s here, isn’t he?  What, you got him locked up downstairs and covered it up because you were told to, didn’t you?”
Glowering, teeth barred, she said, “Careful officer, you don’t know what you’re getting yourself into.”
“On the contrary, I know exactly what I’m getting into.  The question is, do you?  Do you know who you’re really working for?”
Reaching into her pocket, she said, “Excuse me for a moment, I have to take this.”
Funny, he didn’t hear the familiar blip of a zoom on hold.
Fetching the thirty-eight tucked in his waist-band, he aimed at her, and said, “Easy now.  Hands in the air.”
She snarled, “Officer Jessip, what on God’s green-Earth do you think you’re doing?  And where the hell did you get a gun?”
Shrugging, he replied, “From under my bed.”
“Do you realize the gravity of your actions?  You could serve a life-sentence just for owning a fire-arm, let alone the fact you’re actually threatening a peace officer with it.”
“I know, but what can I say?  I’m sentimental.”
A dastardly smirk spread across her face, but her trembling lip and twitching eye suggested she terrified.  She said, “Officer Jessip, I understand you’ve just suffered a terrible tragedy, and you’re not thinking straight, let me zoom Dr. Crane so you can--”
Cocking the revolver, he barked, “Don’t touch that tablet.  Hands where I can see them.”
Boney hands pressed atop her tabular desk, Lt. Kaffe slowly stood, and growled, “I’ll have your badge for this.”
“Thought you was gonna lock me up?”
“Officer Jessip, your conduct is deplorable, and--”
“He’s here, isn’t he?”
“I…I…”  She sat back down and cast he gaze to the ground.
Come on, come on, this was taking too long.  How much time did Troll need?
She gazed up at him, and said, “You’re not gonna shoot me.”
“How do you know?  As you said, I’m suffering from mental stress.  People snap.  And I never really liked you anyway.”
“Then shoot me.  Shoot me and spend the rest of your life behind bars.”  Her smirk morphed into a Cheshire grin as she amended, “If you’re lucky.”
But he wouldn’t.
And he certain she knew he wouldn’t.
He could never commit cold-blooded murder.  He was no outlaw.
A boom emanated from one of the lower floors of the department building; shaking the foundation.
Finally
Lt. Kaffe jumped to her feet.  Swarthy face puckered, fluttering gape dithering, she quavered, “What was that?”
Jeffrey hoped across the table and bludgeoned her with the butt of his revolver.
She collapsed to the carpet like a sack of wet potatoes.
He then scooped up the tablet containing evidence of the second John Doe’s arrival and stashed it in his pocket.
Staring at her unconscious body, he huffed, and said, “That?  That would be Shakespeare.”

****

After the smoke and falling debris cleared, Troll’s ears still rang and his head throbbed.  He felt like he’d just had the wind knocked out of him.  For a moment, the world seemed a blur spinning at high velocity, but he couldn’t wait for the effects to wear-off; now was his chance.
After all the hoopla:  Smoking, possession of contraband, and not having a scanner-chip, the only thing they charged him with was threatening a peace officer.  The soldiers in white took Troll into custody and carted him off to the department’s headquarters.
Before parting ways that morning, Officer Jessip told him, “County lock-up is on the first floor.  If your friend is there, that’s where they’ll be holding him.”
Troll remained silent and observant as the arresting officers marched him down a tabular hallway.  Every twenty feet or so, they’d pass a clear panel that allowed Troll to view into other rooms.  Most of the rooms (or “cells”) were barren, but others contained men wearing orange suits (something Jessip referred to as, “jumpers”).  Unlike carcelii, this world didn’t take many prisoners.  Jessip told him that crime (and thusly criminals), remained virtually non-existent ever since the introduction and implementation of scanner-chips into the general populace.
“That’s why there’s no cops anymore,” he’d said, “Just peace officers.”
Unlike his incarceration in Al’ber Que, his captors didn’t deprive Troll of his effects.
As the officers walked Troll down the hall, he glimpsed into the other rooms, but he didn’t see the Dog anywhere.  And the cur was a hard character to miss.
The officers ushered him to an empty cell.  The captain retrieved his trusty tablet, swept his left-hand across the surface, and keyed the display.
The door opened with a pneumatic whoosh.
Troll waited from them to leave, and then sat upon a miniscule bench along the far wall; his cerebrations ever cycling back to Al’ber Que.
That’s where he first decided to split his trinity.  And though he thought himself so clever at the time -- that's where it all went wrong.
And for the first time in what felt like eons, Troll bowed his head, folded his hands, and prayed.
Dear Lord,
I know it’s been a while.  But I desperately need thy guidance.  Please allow me to bring my friends back together so that we may thwart thine enemies in ye’r name’s sake.  Please offer me strength and courage in these diresome times.  In ye’r name, I pray.  AMEN.
He sat there and waited for God’s reply.
No.  Nothing.
Before their departure, Jessip not only supplied him information regarding the department building, but also gave him something.
Troll fished the gift out of his cloak -- a grenade.
He hobbled toward the clear wall, and placed the weapon before the door.
But, something about this daring escape disquieted him; eating away at him like the cave rot.  Sure, the door appeared fashioned from glass.  But, if cables and cuffs were enough to imprison him, then certainly the glass in this realm was stronger than in his.  So, he sprinkled a paltry amount of flash-powder over the device.  Then, thinking better of it, he poured a little more.  Then he pulled the pin, dashed to the other side of the room, and covered up with what remained of his tattered magic cloak.
Boom.
The concussion was devastating.
Heart racing, he heard that monotonous klaxon in his mind.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
Dizzy, chest throbbing Troll crawled out of the cell and back into the hallway.
A blaring resounded along with the flashing of red lights.  A crackling voice decreed:  WARNING.  WARNING.  EXPLOSION DETECTED IN ALPHA SECTOR.  INITIATE EVACUATION PROTOCOL-B.  WARNING.  WARNING…
Palms pressed against his ears, Troll uttered, “Blasted machines.”
Shouts and the tromping of boots emanated from further down the corridor.
A man yelled, “Come on, we gotta check on the prisoners.”
A company of officers turned around the corner and halted dead-in-their-tracks.
Troll recognized their leader as the man from his arrest (someone called Captain).
The captain cried, “Hey, you!  Get back in your cell until we’ve cleared the block.”
Troll’s response came as the retrieval of his trusted staff.  Then he waved them on.
An officer asked the captain, “Sir?”
The captain said, “Detain him!”
Then they rushed Troll.  Unfortunately for them, peace officers were unarmed, and Troll knocked them away with a few swipes and twirls; utilizing enough strength to render them unconscious with single blows, but (hopefully), with enough restraint as not to kill them.
Heart aching and breathing heavily, Troll clutched his tightening chest and knelt on the cold floor.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep
More shouts.  More stomping of booted-feet.  And even more officers raced into the hall.  These ones didn’t try reasoning with Troll, they just attacked.
Pulse galloping an arrhythmic cadence, Troll wearily arose and battled them off.
But one refused to fight; they just stood there, shaking in their white-leather armor.
When the others defeated, the remaining officer whirled to dash back in the direction they’d come.
Troll cocked his wrist rocket and fired.  A spiraling hook tethered upon a chain soared through the air and wrapped around the retreater’s ankle.  Troll tugged back.  The retreater would’ve smashed their face on the floor had they not worn a helmet.  Troll pulled his prey toward him as the officer kicked and screamed.  Troll released the hook’s hold, and the device twirled back to his wrist.  The officer attempted to flee, but he grasped the officer by the neck and tore off his helmet; revealing the face of a young (terrified), man.
“Why did thee not attack me along with ye’r compatriots?”
Gape wide, the officer’s face paled as sweat poured from his brow.  He quavered, “I…I…”
“Ye know who I am, don’t ye.”
“N…no.”
Still throttling the officer, Troll thrust him into the wall.
The back of the officer’s cranium bounced off the obstruction with an audible thump.
Troll growled, “Ye’r a terrible liar.”  In a warmer tone, he amended, “Let’s try this again, shall we?  Where are ye keeping my friend?”
Gaze dithering, he replied, “Who?  What friend?”
“I believe ye’r people refer to him as John Doe.”
“I…I…never heard of any John--”
Troll slammed him into the wall again, and said, “Young lad, my patience is stretched thin as it is.  If thee lie to me again, it shall be the last time ye do so.  Do ye understand?”
Trembling, the officer nodded.
“Now, where is my friend?”
“He’s in a secret storage facility.  An old bomb-shelter from the war.”
“And do ye know where this facility is?”
“Y…Yes.  But I can’t get in.  I don’t have access.”
Grip tightening around the officer’s throat, Troll raised a fist.
“It’s true!  It’s true!  B…but, I know who does.”
Lowering his clenched hand, Troll said, “Indulge me, I pray of thee.”
With a shaky hand, the officer pointed to an unconscious officer, and said, “She does.  Officer Ortiz.  She was the arresting officer on the scene.”  Troll dropped the officer, who sat with his back pressed to the wall, and his knees drawn tight to his chest.
Advancing toward the woman sprawled upon the ground, Troll said, “My young man, I implore thee not to run.”
“Y…Yes, sir.”
Troll patted down the woman and inspected her pockets until he found what he searched for -- her tablet.
The officer quavered, “That won’t work.  Only she has access.”
“I know, that’s why I’m confiscating her gizmo.”
“No, you don’t understand.  It’s restricted access.  She has to be there to verify her identity, and key in the code, which, only she knows.”
“Very well.”  Troll picked her up and draped her unconscious body over his shoulder.
Please, Lord, I pray I haven’t killed this woman.  Or anyone else, for that matter.
He grasped the officer by the collar, hoisted him up, and said, “Lead the way.”
He ruminated on taking Byron’s hand after opening the hidden entrance to the escape tunnels, where he urged Byron to escort them into the deep, deep dark.
No.  He couldn’t reminisce on that now.  Focus on the task-at-hand remained paramount to the success of this mission.
The officer led him all the way down the hallway to where it dead-ended into yet another white-paneled wall.
No-doubt, a hidden door.
“Open it.”
With shaky hands, the officer complied.
The door opened with a whoosh.
“I thought ye said ye didn’t have access.”
“All officers have access to the shelter.  But Officer Ortiz is the only one who can open your friend’s cell because she’s the one who put him there.”
“I see.”  He pushed the officer into a very small room, and added, “In we go.”
The enclosure was so cramped, Troll had to rest Officer Ortiz on the floor, and stoop.
The doors closed.
A whirling sounded.
Butterflies flurried within Troll’s stomach with the sensation of descent.  He said, “Good God, man!  What is happening to us?”
“N…nothing.  We’re in an elevator headed to the sub-basement.”
He didn’t even bother pondering what an elevator was.
Eyes half-closed, holding her head, Officer Ortiz roused, moaning, “Mhmmm, what happened?”
Troll said, “My dear, ye are being borrowed.”
Oculars wide, mouth agape, Officer Ortiz jumped in a start, and crab-walked back into the wall.
Bowing, Troll said, “My dearest apologies for the inconvenience.”
Staring at the other officer, she asked, “Stu, what’s going on?”
Troll blurted, “Stew?  That’s a terrible name.  What is wrong with ye people?”  Rubbing his throbbing chest, he sighed, and said, “Please, madam, I strongly urge thee to remain silent for now.”
In a mouse’s squeaky diction, Stew said, “Just do what he says and everything will be fine.  I don’t know who this guy is, but believe me, you don’t want to cross him.”
Trembling, she nodded.
An immeasurable silence elapsed as the box they rode in descended deeper underground.  When finally arriving at their destination, a ding sounded as the door glided open with a pneumatic whoosh.
Troll said, “Ah, here we are.  Everyone out.  We’ve a lot to do.”
The sub-basement seemed cooler than the morning’s air.  Large brickwork painted in flat gray hues lined the dimly lit hallway.
Troll asked, “Officer Ortiz, may I inquire as to why a shelter would also contain a prison?”
She replied, “This place was built back during the war, and capable of holding-up against nuclear fall-out.”
Whatever that meant.
She continued, “But if New York was ever directly attacked, the survivors would have to stay down here for years.  Sometimes people go crazy underground and need to be separated from the others.  Sometimes they just snap.”
His thoughts whisked back to the mines, to Byron under hypnosis.  A cold shiver coursing through his bones, Troll said, “A more solemn truth was there never uttered.”
They came upon a huge, metal door with some kind of wheel fashioned upon it.  A handle and slide-plate had been constructed at about eye-level for a person of normal stature.
Troll said, “This does not look like the other doors I’ve seen.”  He promptly clamped his lips before saying, “In ye’r world.”
She said, “It’s an older one, modeled after a bank vault.  Just in case the grid went down.  Of course, there are back-up generators, but a limited propane supply couldn’t power the entire facility forever.”
He understood about half of that.
Troll opened the slide-plate and peered inside.
Growling, the Dog paced about the padded room; wearing an orange “jumper”.
Troll turned to Officer Ortiz, and said, “Open it.”
“I can’t.  I’ll get in trouble.”
“My dear, ye’r already in more danger than ye realize.”
Back straight, chin held high, she said, “No, I won’t.”
He snatched Officer Stew and coiled his mighty limbs around the young man’s throat.  “Madam, I have come to release my friend.  And I shall complete this mission at any cost.  Even if it means killing this poor lad.”
Stew whimpered.
The acrid scent of piss arose in the sterile air.
Troll continued, “I could snap this man’s neck like nothing more than a twig.  And then, if ye still refuse to oblige, I must do the same to thee.  Only slower.  And even if ye still resist, I will find I way to release him.”  He nodded toward the door.  “But I don’t want to do that.  I don’t want to hurt anyone.  I am a man sworn to peace, much as ye’r selves.  But, as I said, I am here to see this man free, and I shall not be dissuaded despite what occurs.”
Tears rolling down prominent cheekbones, Officer Ortiz sniffled, and said, “Okay.  Okay.  I’ll do it.  Just let him go.”
“Very well.”  He released his hold on Stew.
Officer Ortiz approached the wheel; spinning it this way and that until a click sounded.  She pulled the door open with a bowing sound.
Troll said, “Thank ye, my friends.  Ye’ve been most corporative.”  He grasped Stew by the back of his neck, and smashed his forehead into the still opening door.  Officer Ortiz screamed.  He thumped her in the forehead with a flick of his index-finger with enough force to render her unconscious once more.
The Dog ceased his pacing, and turned toward Troll.  Eyes glowing gold and foam drizzling down his snarling lips, he growled, “It’s about fucking time.”

****

All seemed clear when Jessip peeked out the door of Lieutenant Kaffe’s office.  But, why wouldn’t it?  The building was under evacuation mode.  The blaring klaxon from the loud-speakers confirmed this.
WARNING.  WARNING.  EXPLOSION DETECTED IN ALPHA SECTOR.  INITIATE EVACUATION PROTOCOL-B.  WARNING.  WARNING…
After knocking-out his superior officer, he tied her to her plush, leather throne she loved so much, and left his badge on her desk.
There was no turning back from such insubordination.
He jogged out into the bull-pen, toward the fire exit, and raced downstairs to the first floor.
Did Troll accomplish his task?  Did he free his friend?
If he wanted to find out, he needed to get out of the building before someone caught him skulking around.
No doubt about it now, if his best friend dead and the Lieutenant compromised, then there was no one in the department he could trust.  Not anymore.
He dipped around a corner, through a pair of double-swinging doors, and out into the reception area.
There, standing before him, was a man with olive-colored skin, gray-eyes, and a black-hair tied back in a ponytail.  The man appeared in his early thirties and wore the uniform of a peace officer.
He must’ve been a new cadet or something, because Jeffrey didn’t recognize him, and he knew damn near everyone in the department.
Head slightly canted, the man asked, “Where are you going, ‘Ro?”
“What?  Who the hell are you?”
“Oh, don’t you remember me?  It’s your old pal, Futnick.”
Adrenaline pumping, intestines bunching into tight knots, he uttered, “Fedic.”
“Ah, so you do remember me.  I’m so glad.”
“What do you want?”
“It’s not what I want, it’s what you want.”
Fists clenched, Jeffrey said, “Good, then get the hell out of my way.”
Grinning, Fedic shook his head, and replied, “Sorry, sport, but I can’t do that.”
Jeffrey tried going around him, but Fedic shoved him.  He pushed back.  Fedic chest-bumped him, and Jeffrey staggered backward a few steps.
Fedic was strong; stronger than he looked, anyway.  But Jeffrey grew up on the mean streets of Brooklyn, and during a world war no-less.  He was no stranger to the occasional skirmish.
He balled a fist and punched Fedic square in the jaw as hard as he could.
Fedic floundered backward.  He would’ve fallen over completely, but then he halted a few inches from the floor, as if levitating.
Jeffrey muttered, “What the hell?”
Arms spread-eagle, Fedic rose in the air as an eerie blue luminance radiated off of him.  His eyes even glowed with a bluish tint.
The hairs on the back of Jeffrey’s neck and arms stood on-end as the static electricity rose in the atmosphere.
Teeth clenched, Fedic snarled, “That’s the last time you lay a hand on me.  So, I hope you enjoyed it.”
The overhead lights flickered and then went out as Fedic hovered mid-air; that weird radiance intensified.
Jeffrey bolted past Fedic and toward a row of desks.  He glanced back.  Fedic floated in pursuit.  Fedic thrust a fist and a bolt of blue energy rocketed from his hand.  Jeffrey dove to the side as the beam hit a desk, disintegrating it.  Fedic shot again, and once more Jeffrey jumped out of the way just in time.  He rolled under a desk and crawled along the carpet as Fedic shot a third time.
What the hell?  Who was this Fedic guy?  What was he?  He shouldn’t be surprised, after all, Troll told him all about the infamous Futnick.  Still, seeing what this guy could do in person was a whole ‘nother barrel of monkeys.
Fedic cooed, “Come out, come out, wherever you are.”
Fat chance of that happening.
Jeffrey scurried around a desk and pressed his back against the subsequent furnishing.  Sweating, breathing heavily, he retrieved his thirty-eight and cocked the hammer.
“I hear you.  I know you’re there.  I can sense your energy.”
More lights flickered and went out.  The office obfuscated save for that menacing glow.
With all the nerve he could muster, Jeffrey popped up, aimed at Fedic, and squeezed off a few rounds.
Fedic held out his palm.
Fshwoom
The bullets deteriorated into particles.
Smirking, Fedic said, “You can’t kill me so easily.  You have no idea how strong I’ve become.  Oh, but you’ll find out.”
“No thanks pal.  I already know more than I want to.”  Then Jeffrey ran as fast as his legs could move.
Fshwoom.  Fshwoom.  Fshwoom.
Fedic continually blasted inanimate objects in an attempt to hit him, but Jeffrey kept evading.
Fedic said, “Go ahead, run, you coward!”
Jeffrey dove behind a soda-machine.  Glancing back, he targeted a fire extinguisher hanging on the wall, and waited for Fedic to float in pursuit.  And when that eerie, blue glow encroached the counter incendiary, he fired another shot.  The extinguisher exploded, releasing a hail of hissing gas.
Fedic roared, “Ah!  You son-of-a-bitch!”
Jeffrey scrambled from his position and hid behind another desk.
Fshwoom
The soda-machine disintegrated.  Cola and fizz rained from above.
Then a female’s voice said, “Fedic, stop!”
Fedic cried, “How dare you order me?  I don’t answer to you!”
“Yes,” she said, “you do.”
Cautiously, Jeffrey peeked over the desk.  A woman clad in black-leather stood before a hovering Fedic.  He recognized the woman.  Why wouldn’t he?  She was Lilith King.
Fedic snarled, “How dare you interfere with my business.”
Lilith replied, “Because my brother, your master, forbids your interference.  The interlopers must be allowed to proceed.”
“But he promised me--”
“He promises nothing.”  In a cold, monotone, Lilith amended, “That’s not his style.”
Fedic slowly descended to the floor as the eerie glow surmounting him dissipated.
Lilith continued, “The master has a plan, and this isn’t part of it.  Now, come, before anyone sees us colluding.”
Too late for that, thought Jeffrey.
Then Fedic and Lilith strolled back toward the hallway and disappeared in the gloom.
The overhead lights flickered and came back on.  That blaring klaxon returned.
WARNING.  WARNING.  EXPLOSION DETECTED IN ALPHA SECTOR.  INITIATE EVACUATION PROTOCOL-B.  WARNING.  WARNING…
Gun pressed to his temple; Jeffrey shivered as he exhaled a sigh of relief.
What the hell is going on?  There’s gotta be more to this than just covering up a couple John Does.  A lot more
A firm hand gripped Jeffrey’s shoulder, and he jumped in a start.
Troll said, “Relax my friend, t’is only I.”
“You have no idea the crazy shit I just saw.”  He turned around.
Standing beside Troll was a bearded man wearing an orange jumper.  Without the facial hair, the man appeared a teenager.
Jeffrey said, “So, you found him.”
“Aye, indeed I did my good man.  I trust ye still have an exit strategy?”
Gazing at the Dog, Jeffrey replied, “Yeah, but he can’t go out like that.  After this breaks news, and it will, people will be looking for anyone wearing prison clothes.”
“Fret not my friend, for I also found his effects.”
“What is it with you and the word effects?”
Brow arched, Troll asked, “Shall we not escape, or do thee prefer to stay here and squabble?”
Combing his fingers through his hair, Jeffrey sighed, “No, no, you’re right.  Let’s get the hell out of here.”
Troll asked, “And ye’r plan?”
He replied, “I got a van ready to go, but we gotta get to the parking lot, and we gotta do it now.”
Troll said, “Then quickly man, we haven’t a moment to lose.”

****

Joshua King asked Anne, “Nervous?”
She stood next to him; holding a steaming cup of coffee and a shawl draped over her shoulders.  After a moment’s hesitation, she replied, “Not really.”
But he could tell by the way she bit her bottom lip and her twitching fingers she was more than a little anxious.
Joshua, Anne, Dr. Harrington, and the other scientists on operation Vulcan assembled behind a blast shield in the sub-basement of Kingdom Inc. (aka: the special operations lab).
Of course, it didn’t matter if six-inches of lead separated them from the matter compressor, if the test went south, there’d be no stopping the hell they’d unleash upon the world.
But Joshua knew that wouldn’t happen.
Not wanting to miss a thing, Anne napped on a couch in the lab’s breakroom.  A little after 3:30 am Joshua went in to wake her and hand her a mug of decaf.
New York might have been the city that never slept, but Joshua wanted to wait until 4 am to test the compressor because it would consume a momentous amount of power, and the possibility existed that the city’s electrical grid might go down.
The time was now 3:57 am and all gazes glued to the clock on the wall, except for Joshua, who stared adoringly at the compressor on the other side of the blast-shield.
Fidgeting with his glasses, Dr. Harrington asked the others, “What are the chances we’ll all be exposed to a serious dose of radiation?”
Dr. Rivers replied, “I’d be more concerned about ripping open a blackhole.  Radiation poisoning is treatable, but a wormhole on Earth, well…there’s not much we can do about that.”
Joshua said, “Relax everyone.  I have the utmost faith in this operation.”
Dr. Harrington mumbled, “I’m sure the White House will be glad to hear that.  They must think us mad.”
Joshua said, “Dr. Harrington, if we weren’t all a little crazy, none of us would be here.”
Anne leaned toward Joshua, and whispered, “I still don’t think this will work the way intended.”
Joshua uttered, “So long as it works.”
3:58
Dr. Harrington danced in place, like he had to urinate (and perhaps he did, he consumed an egregious amount of coffee this morning), and said to the clock, “Come on, come on already.”
Dr. Rivers asked Joshua, “Any word when Gen. Schertzing will be coming.”
“No,” he replied.  “His staff was supposed to zoom me the details, but, knowing the general, I’m sure he’ll try to surprise us.”
One scoffed, “Great.”
Joshua said, “Yes, yes, it is.”
Dr. Harrington cleared his throat and said, “I feel like someone should say something profound, you know, to mark the occasion.”
One said, “Like what?  One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind?”
“Yeah, something like that.”
Yawning, Anne chime, “I just hope we don’t all die.”
“Here, here,” said Joshua.  “Plus, the time for fancy words and accolades can come after a successful test.”
3:59 am
Joshua said, “Okay everyone, put on your goggles.  We don’t know what this thing is going to do.”
They did.
Joshua gazed at the machine that resembled a mirrored reflection of a giant ant-hill.  Between the two contact points resided a clear, plastic table where the object they intended to compress resided.
Dr. Harrington held a shaky finger over the START button of the control console; waiting in anticipation.
Joshua said, “Ms. Warwick, since this was your idea, perhaps you’d like to do the honors of initiating the project.”
She replied, “Not really, no.  Just in case we do create a blackhole on Earth, I don’t want to be the one responsible.”
“But, in the event that does happen, no one will ever know it was you.”
Finger pressed to her chin, she chirped, “Touché.”
Joshua gestured for Dr. Harrington to step aside from the control console, and said, “Doctor, if you wouldn’t mind.”
Harrington whimpered, “But, I’ve been here since the beginning.”
“Yet, Ms. Warwick was the one who figure it out, so if you don’t mind.”
Grumbling, Dr. Harrington obliged.
Anne took her place in front of the console.
Joshua said, “Get ready everyone.  We’re about to make history.  Again.”
4:00 am
Joshua said, “Hit it.”
Anne briefly hesitated before pressing the button.
The machine whirled to life.  The two conical contact points rotated faster and faster; gaining momentum.  A loud thrumming sounded.
Dr. Harrington said to those gathered, “Cross your fingers.”
A beam of light descended from the top contact, passed through the object they intended compressing, and to the other contact below as the cones spun with even greater speed.  That whirling noise intensified to the point where those assembled pressed their palms to their ears; except for Joshua, of course.
Then a stream of energy resembling a lightning bolt shot through the object and into the bottom contact.
The lights went out.  The machine died.
The scientists jittered nervously.
Dr. Rivers said, “Oh, my God!  We created a blackhole!”
Joshua calmly explained, “If that were the case, then we wouldn’t be having this discussion right now.”
The scientists quieted down.
The back-up generators hummed as the lights came back on.
Eyes wide, mouth agape, Dr. Harrington asked, “Did we…did we do it?”
Smiling (though despising it), Joshua replied, “I think so.”
Reading the monitor on the control console, Dr. Rivers said, “Radiation levels are normal.  It either worked, or it didn’t, either way, we’re still here.”
Joshua said, “There’s only one way to find out for sure.”
Wearily, they emerged from behind the blast-shield and approached the machine.
Joshua said, “Bring it over.”
Two scientists hefted a cinder block toward the clear table where they object they just compressed rested.
Gesturing toward the object, Joshua said to Harrington, “Go ahead doctor.”
Dr. Harrington picked up the object, and sliced through the cinder block as if it a hot knife through butter.”
A round of applause erupted among the bunch.
Palms out, Joshua said, “Okay.  Okay.  Calm down everyone.  We still don’t know what we’ve got here.”
Inspecting the silver sword, Dr. Harrington said, “The object doesn’t appear to have changed in either weight or molecular mass.  But it didn’t warp or break.”  Running his fingers down the edge of the blade, he added, “We’ll have to run further tests to confirm sustainability of the object.”
Stroking her palm along the broad-side of the blade, Anne said, “I can’t believe it.  It actually worked.”
Joshua replied, “Of course it did.  That’s why I brought you into the fold.  I knew you could figure it out.”
She iterated, “I know, I know, I just…I just can’t believe it.  It actually worked!”
She smiled at Joshua, and he smiled back.
He hated it.
But how could he not share her glee?  In another realm, Anne loved the Dog so much she’d lay down her life for him.  But in this world, she created the very thing that inevitably killed him.

****


3

Journal entry,
T’is been a long time indeed since I’ve written in mine trusty journal.  I must say, t’is reminiscent to conversing with an old friend.  Even now, as I scrawl these words, my thoughts whisk back to other compatriots:  Byron, Sarah, Montalvo.  Their loss weighs heavily upon my already weakened heart.  Perhaps that’s why I’ve abstained from writing for so long.
After his emancipation from bondage, I found the Dog’s effects in a glass case, as if they put out on display for others to see and mock.  I feared the glass encasement as strong as the cell I escaped from, but no, t’was of regularly vitreous material.  With little time, I broke the case and stuffed the effects within me cloak for safe keeping.  Luckily, we managed to flee without any of his belongings falling out of the many pockets of my tattered garb.
I must say, dear journal, the Dog seemed most leery with my introduction to ‘Ro’s alternate, Officer Jessip.  I still haven’t informed my longest and closest friend about these doppelgangers.  If I did, no-doubt, he’d inquire into other versions of those we lost.  Namely, I fear he’d ask me about Star.  What would I tell him?  That Dr. Starkey, my physician, was currently seeing this man who assisted in the Dog’s release.  No, no-doubt the Dog would slay him on principle alone.
True to his word, ‘Ro…I mean, Officer Jessip, had transportation awaiting us in an underground facility, something he referred to as a parking garage.  After viewing the other motorized carriages teeming this world, I feared the vehicle would not support my ever-enlarging heft.  Luckily, not only was the transport (I believe Officer Jessip called it a van), vast enough for the three of us, but there’s enough room for me to move about and stretch mine legs.  Why, even as I jot these words, I’m lounging comfortably.  The Dog, however, constantly keeps vigil over Officer Jessip.  I know he doesn’t trust this man I’ve befriended.  The Dog never trusted any of our friends.  Not at first.  But, after all we’ve endured, who could blame him?  Certainly not I.
Though I mentioned not Star’s alternate to the Dog, I did confide to him my arrival into this world.  Following him through the blue door.  My accident.  Awaking in that God-forsaken, artificial prison.  My diagnosis.  My weakened state (as much as I could remember of the doctor’s ramblings, anyway).  And thusly, my imminent demise.
Snarling, he replied, “That won’t happen.  I won’t let it.”
I said, “Every man perishes.  I only pray my death proves of valor.  That we stop this so-called Joshua King.  That we assure Star didn’t die in vain.”
The Dog said nothing, but I felt him mulling over something most grave.
I asked him of his arrival, and thusly, his detainment.
He said, “I came, I saw where I was, and I was arrested.  Then you came.  That’s it.”
At one point, ‘Ro…I mean Officer Jessip informed me that he saw Fedic back at the department, but his pursuit was dissuaded by a woman by the name of Lilith King.  T’was the first I ever heard of such a person.  Officer Jessip enlightened me by telling me she was the sister of the ever-infamous Joshua King, and that she helped run his many companies whenever he away.  I asked why Joshua King would be away.
Jessip replied, “I don’t know, business, I guess.”
But, by way of deductive logic I figured:  If she is the sister of Joshua King, then she is the Wraith’s sister.  And if Furion, the Wraith’s brother, was a Hellion, that means she is, too.
So, now there are three of them.
Oh, Lord, how thee test me.  And then remain mute when I call for guidance.  Why?  I knoweth not.  Perchance, that is the test.

Troll was roused from his reflections when Officer Jessip hollered, “Anyone need a pit stop?”
They’d been “driving” for a couple hours, best as Troll could wager.
Officer Jessip sat in the front seat; steering the mechanical carriage.
The Dog crouched behind the passenger-side; his golden-gaze intently glued upon Officer Jessip.
Nothing resided in the rear of the van except for Troll, who reclined against the wall.  He asked, “What is this pit you wish to hold repose?”
Jessip said, “What?  No.  I mean, does anybody gotta take a piss, or just want to get out and stretch their legs?”
The Dog growled, “I’m fine.”
“I, as well,” replied Troll.  “Perhaps it best we reach our destination without risk of being seen.”  Gazing out the tinted, glass portals, he noticed the scrapping skyline of glass and steel transformed into rolling hills of farmland while’st he’d recorded his thoughts.  Outside of the city, the sky even donned a heavenly blue as clouds rolled lethargically over the horizon.
Aye, the scenery t’was much better away from all the hustle and bustle.
He asked Jessip, “Tell me, my good man, exactly where is it ye’r taking us.”
Head slightly craned (as if trying to glance back at Troll), Jessip replied, “The city’s not safe.  They already tried covering up this whole John Doe mess.  If they see us, they’ll probably kill us.”
The Dog growled, “They’ll try.”
Jessip cleared his throat and continued.  “Yeah, well anyway.  I’m taking you guys upstate.  My folks got a cabin up by Lake Honeoye.  It’s the second smallest of the Finger Lakes.  They never even use it anymore except for during the 4th of July.  I figure we can hold up there until we figure out what we’re gonna do next.”
Troll asked the Dog, “Did ye understand any of that jargon?”
Gazing at his master, the Dog nodded.
He expected to see the Dog’s long, braided beard waggle and dance, but no, the Wraith cut it off upon the major bluffs.
He appeared different with a shorter beard; more human.
No-doubt, the Dog felt naked from his barbered facial hair.
Troll asked Jessip, “And when ye say, until we figure out what to do next…?”
Gripping the steering wheel, Jessip shifted in his seat, and said, “Look, I just committed career suicide to free you.  Both of you.  I can’t go back to the city.  There’s nothing left for me.”
But Troll sensed him lying.
He continued, “I’m still trying to wrap my mind around everything you told me.  You know, other worlds, other version of us.”
Troll cringed, but the Dog didn’t even glance in his general direction.
Jessip added, “I’m still not entirely sure what’s going on, who’s involved, or what it all means.  But, I’m sure as hell gonna find out.  So, I’m sticking with you guys until we solve this case.”  Combing his fingers through his hair, he glanced in the rear-view mirror, and amended, “If that’s okay with you.”
Troll clasped his journal shut, and returned it to the confines of his cloak.  He blurted, “I have no objections.  Dog, what say ye?”
The Dog stared at Troll with curious, hazel-eyes, and said, “I’m okay with it.  For now.”
Jessip said, “So, are you guys hungry, or something?  I got a cooler full of sandwiches and bottled water chilling here on the passenger side.”
Troll replied, “My friend, I am famished.”  Cerebrating over the horrid excuse for vittles he served during his incarceration in the hospital, he asked, “What kind of sandwiches?”
“Ah, the best.  Bologna and French mustard.  Just like ma used to make.  I realize you probably don’t know what that is, but trust me, you’ll want to try one.”
Still gazing at Troll, the Dog shook his head, and said, “I wouldn’t.”
Shrugging, Troll replied, “Why not?  I am nothing if not fool-heartedly adventurous.”
Head bobbing, Jessip said, “That’s a boy.”  He grasped the handle of some box-like object resting on the passenger-side floor, and handed it back to the Dog.
Without removing his gape from the young peace officer, the Dog passed the container to Troll.
Stomach rumbling, Troll flipped open the lid and procured a rectangular object wrapped in a material that resembled tin, but thinner; more malleable.
“My word, what is this?”
Jessip chuckled, “No, no, that’s just aluminum foil.  It helps keep the bread from getting soggy.  Just unwrap it and enjoy.”
He did.  Though he did not enjoy it.  Not at all.
The bread was soggy, and flat.  The meat not meat.  And the garnish…well, he didn’t know what to make of it; it tasted sour and left a bitter aftertaste upon his tongue.  After half-a-bite he spat it out.  In an attempt to wash his mouth out, he grabbed a flexible bottle of water.  But he couldn’t open it.  The cap simply refused to pop off.
Reaching for the bottle, the Dog said, “Here, let me.”  He took the pliable receptacle and twisted the cap until it snapped.  Then he handed it back to Troll.
Troll imbibed a hearty swallow and swished the contents within his mouth to rinse away the disgust festering upon his taste-buds.  But the water tasted flat, sterile, and completely void of nutrition.  He expectorated that, as well.
Spittle drizzling down his beard, Troll wiped his lips, and said, “Ew!  Disgusting.  What heinous bile are they feeding ye’r people?  Is ye’r food even food?”
Completely stoic, the Dog said, “Told you.”
Jessip called, “Hey, toss me one of those bad-boys, if you please.”
The Dog obliged, chucking a sandwich right into Jessip’s lap without removing his gaze from Troll.
The wrapping crinkled with a preternatural sound as Jessip peeled back the foil and chowed-down.  Mouthful, he moaned, “Oh yeah, that’s the stuff.”
Meeting the Dog’s hazel-gape, Troll clutched his churning stomach, and said. “My friend, I fear I shall die of starvation before ever my heart gives out.”

****

Anne had been sound asleep when the blip of her tablet awoke her.  At least, she thought she slumbered.  All the egg-heads were so ecstatic after the successful trial, that they started testing the sword immediately.  Even she was too excited to call it a night.  But they didn’t only examine the new molecular construct of the silver sword; they also investigated into any atmospheric deviations caused from matter compression.  All seemed fine.  For now.
Hefting the blade in his hands, Dr. Harrington reiterated, “I can’t believe how heavy it is.”
Anne said, “Well, what did you expect?  We made it out of pure silver.  Silver’s quite heavy despite how soft it is.”
One proffered, “It’s because the molecules are so far apart that makes it both soft and heavy.”
Dr. Rivers chimed, “Well, not anymore.”
Dr. Harrington replied, “Still, without a proper cross-guard or hilt, it’s still nothing more than a giant paperweight.”
Arms crossed and donning a dashing smile, Joshua said, “I’m having one custom made.”  Gazing at the scientist, he added, “And it’s not a paperweight, it’s a cutlass.”
The testing continued.  And the longer they labored together, the more they acted like a team, instead of competitive geniuses striving for a teacher’s encomium.
At one point, Joshua called it quits.  He said, “Alright everyone, excellent work, but that’s enough for today.”
A round of disappointed moans and groans purled among them.
Conceding his palms, Joshua continued, “I know, I know.  I’m excited, too.  But remember, we’ve got Gen. Schertzing and the Joint Chiefs of Staff planning a surprise visit.  They expect answers and I mean to supply them with accurate information.  I want no blunders from you guys.  You’re better than that.  That’s why I personally hand-picked each and every one of you.  Now, go home and get some rest, see your families, eat a hearty, nutritious meal.  We’ll all meet back here at twenty-hundred hours.”
By the time Anne repatriated to her suite at the Belmont it was 9:30 am.  Now it was 5 pm.
The tablet blipped again, informing her she a zoom on the line
She must’ve fallen asleep.  The last thing she remembered was reclining on the plush memory-foam mattress.  Now, she’d lost most of the day, and she had to be back at Kingdom Inc. by eight.
The device beeped once more.
Groggily, she rubbed the sleep from her weary eyes and reached for her tablet resting on the nightstand.
Mary-Anne’s face appeared on the display.
Anne touched the screen, and in a froggy voice, said, “Hey, girlfriend, what’s up?”
“Not much.  Just wondering how the meeting with you publisher went, and seeing if you were still in town.”  Face scrunched, she amended, “Were you sleeping?”
“I was.  I am.  And it didn’t.  My meeting was rescheduled due to my recent employment.”
“Employment?  What employment?  You’re an artist.  Don’t you work for yourself?”
“And the fans.”  Yawning, she continued, “Yeah, but, I’m just as surprised as you.”
“Where are you working?”
“Kingdom Inc.”
“Seriously?  Doing what?”
“I can’t really talk about it.”
Fiddling with the collar of her lab-coat, Mary-Anne rolled her eyes, and said, “Okay.  What made you want to work there?  Another capricious whim?”
“Joshua King zoomed me and asked me to.”
“Really?  Joshua King?  The Joshua King?  How the hell did that happen?”
“Like I said, he zoomed me.  Privately.”
Gape wide, Mary-Anne’s mouth hung ajar.
Yawning again, Anne said, “Hey, don’t look so shocked, you work for him too.”
Nose curled in a slight snarl, she said, “No, I don’t.”
“Sure, you do.  He owns the hospital you work in.”
“That doesn’t mean I work for him.”
“He’s on the board of directors, isn’t he?”
After a moment’s hesitation, Mary-Anne said, “Fair enough.”  Gazing at the monitor, she peered into Anne’s eyes, and asked, “So, when are we gonna hang out?”
Moaning, Anne stretched upon the cozy memory-foam mattress, and yawned, “I would tonight.  But I can’t.  I gotta get back to the office by eight, and I don’t know how long it’s gonna go for.  Hopefully tomorrow.  I’ll zoom you.”
“You better.”
“I will.  I promise.”  Anne was about to end the transmission when she sat bolt-right (though sluggishly), and asked, “Oh, so how was your date?”
Blushing, she said, “Kind of rocky at first, but great.  I really like him.”
“Has he asked you out again?”
“No, but he’s a peace officer.  You know, he’s busy.”
“Or playing coy.”
“But I hope he zooms me soon, ‘cause I can’t wait to see him again.  It’s crazy, but I can’t stop thinking about him.  I’ve never felt this way about a guy before.”
“Don’t I know it?”
“But what about you?  You met Joshua King, right?”
“Met him?  I work with him.  And I mean that literally.”
“What’s he like?”
“Quiet, composed, and dashingly handsome.”
Pointing at the screen, Mary-Anne gushed, “Oh, my God, you like him.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Yes, you do.  Don’t josh me Anne, I can tell when you’re lying.”
Anne chuckled, “Nice pun.”
“But you do, don’t you?”
“I don’t know.”  Sigh.  “Who wouldn’t?  He’s debatably the greatest man who ever lived.”
“So, you gonna make a move?”
“Hell no, he’s my boss.”
“Okay, whatever.”
“No seriously.”
“Well, zoom me tomorrow.  I want to hear all about your new job.”
“I told you, I can’t--”
“Then tell me what you can.”
“Tell you what, no matter what happens, let’s have dinner tomorrow night.  No new men in our lives.  Just you and me.  What do you say?”
Smiling, Mary-Anne said, “That sounds great.  Just don’t be late.  You know how I hate that.”
“I know, I know.”
“And don’t stand me up.”
“I won’t.  I promise.”  Then Anne yawned again.
“And get some more rest.  You look like you need it.”
“Okay, love you.”
“Love you, too.”
Then Anne ended the transmission.
She glanced at the time upon the tablet’s face.  5:02 pm.  She should get up and imbibe a healthy meal, just as Joshua suggested.  But she was still tired and had a few more hours to kill.  So, she lay back down, rested her head upon the silk, down-feather pillow, and fell fast asleep.

****

By the time Officer Jessip pulled into the gravel driveway of his parents’ lake house, the sun incipiently sank behind the mountainous horizon; casting glittering sparkles of orange and gold over the placid waters of Lake Honeoye.  Falling leaves blew upon the grass; trees swayed in the gentle breeze that smelled of sawdust and pine.
Troll never experienced such a long trip before, and though he comfortably lounged during the beginning of their voyage, his back now ached and his legs felt restless with atrophy.
Jeffrey put the van in park, and said, “All right folks, we’re here.”
Arching his lower back, Troll groaned, “And not a moment too soon.  I’m not sure how much longer I could endure sitting like that.”
“Sorry I couldn’t arrange for a more comfortable vehicle.  I had to improvise.”
“Well done, my good man.  Well done, indeed.”
They spent most of the ride in silence.  The Dog kept constant watch over Jeffrey’s every move while Troll just gazed out the tinted porthole.  This realm was so strange.  Even the wilderness didn’t resemble the great outdoors.  Paved roads pierced through country and small towns of flickering lights and humming sounds.  Livestock and fields were assiduously corralled across the hills and plains.  Even the forestry appeared trim and groomed to keep from pestering mankind.
A few times, Troll opened Star’s compass and stared at the ever-dithering needle.
He’d need to find a way to navigate this world on his own should he be separated from the others.  But How?
Jeffrey spent most of the trip eating his beloved bologna sandwiches and singing along with the radio.
Troll didn’t care much for the music of this universe, if one could even call it music, t’was more of a cacophony of loud clattering noises.
Jeffrey rolled open the van’s side-door; returning Troll to the here-and-now.
Jeffrey said, “Olly olly oxen free.”
Whatever that meant.
The Dog held out his palm, informing his master to wait for him to make sure Jessip didn’t lead them into a trap, and hopped out of the vehicle.
Troll’s throbbing muscles demanded he vacate the motorized-carriage immediately, but for once, he did as the Dog commanded.”
After a moment’s hesitation, the Dog said, “It’s safe.”
“Of course, it is,” sneered Jeffrey, “Like I said, you guys aren’t the only ones risking your lives.”
Troll clambered out of the automobile, and placed his weary feet upon the ground.  He certain he’d collapse, or at the very least stumble.  But he didn’t.
Arms out, and with a gesture of grandeur, Jeffrey said, “Okay boys, welcome to Ontario County, New York.  Wine country.”
Capriciously glancing about, the Dog said, “Looks different.”
Jeffrey asked, “What?  You been here before?”
But the Dog answered not.
Jeffrey led them inside the cabin and showed them around.
The interior smelled of sodden oak.  Rays of orangish light beamed through curtains and stained windows; penetrating the bleakness.  Dust particulates floated amidst the minimal light.
To the right stood a stone fireplace covered in creosote.  To the left, a kitchen area encapsulated around the desolate gloom.  Leather furnishings were neatly wrapped in plastic.  The abode seemed so quiet; Troll could hear the floor boards squeak with every step.
Jeffery said, “I’d give you guys a tour of the grounds, but I think you should stay inside until I can get you some less conspicuous clothes.”  Nodding at the Dog’s orange jumper, he said, “You should be all right with your original duds.  Just don’t wear your armor or any of your weapons.”
The Dog growled lowly.
Conceding his palms, he amended, “Hey, I never said you had to get rid of ‘em, I’m just advising you don’t wear them outside.”  He said to Troll, “But you, we’re gonna have to get you something a little more up-to-date.”  Fetching a small, black and yellow, asymmetrical object from a kitchen drawer, he said, “My cousin Zak’s got some clothes stored here.  He’s a big guy.  Not as big as you, but they might tide you over until I can get something made for you.”  He pulled a small tab from the device, and a long, pliable, yellow strip emerged with numbers and hash marks.
Troll asked, “What is that infernal thing?”
The Dog replied, “It’s okay.  It’s just a measuring-tape.”
“A what?”
Jeffrey chimed, “A hand-held tool for taking measurements.”
“Right.  Of course.”
Jeffrey measured his chest, arms, inseam, waist, and cuffs, and then jotted the notations.  He said, “You guys make yourselves comfortable.  I’m gonna run into town before the market closes and pick up some provisions.  Any requests?”
Stomach churning, Troll said, “Food.  Real food.”
Jeffrey chuckled, “No problem.  Like I said, this is wine country.  Everything out here is fresh from the farm.  You do know what wine is, right?  An alcoholic beverage.  You drink it.”
“Of course, I know what wine is, my good man.”
“Great, then I’ll get a bottle or two of something good.”
“Perhaps something a bit stronger for me.  A bottle of whiskey or a flagon of ale.”
“Don’t worry, Shakespeare, I got you covered.”
Beady gape narrowed, the Dog said, “I’ll go with you.”
Jeffrey said, “I really think both of you should stay here.”
A guttural sound emanated from the Dog’s gullet.
Jeffrey sighed, combed his fingers through his hair, and replied, “Look, I know you don’t trust me.  I get that.  But we’re all in the same boat here, so I suggest we all make the best of it.”
Troll blurted, “Agreed.”  He said to the Dog, “And we have much to discuss.”
Eyes phasing from gold to green, the Dog growled, “Fine.”
Jeffrey said, “That’s a cool trick you did with your eyes.  I like that.”
Troll was about to inform him that it no trick.  But, perchance it best to conclave privately with the Dog before disclosing any information about the Dog to Jeffrey.
Jeffrey added, “Well, I’ll be back before ya know it.”  Then he left.
They waited until the sound of a rumbling engine and the splattering of pea-stone to recede before the Dog said, “Do you trust him?”
“My friend, I have no reason not to.  He was responsible for both our liberations.”
“I think they wanted us to escape.”
“As do I, which is exactly why I wanted ye to stay behind.  So, we could have a nice, long chat.  After all, I’ve rarely been given the opportunity to have a decent conversation with thee.”
Gape cast to the plank-fissured flooring, the Dog said, “Sorry.”
Troll clasped him on the shoulder, and said, “No worries.  I cogitate that ye understand this world better than I.  Tell me, would I be correct in this presumption?”
The Dog said nothing.  He couldn’t even meet Troll’s gaze.
“Do ye remember our first night back on the road after Silverdale?”
“Yes.”
“Star and I sat around the campfire, while’st ye rolled upon the ground, mangling a skewered hare.  She asked me about ye’r nature.  And I relayed to her all the things I speculated but didn’t actually know as fact.  Oh, what a pompous braggart I was.”
The Dog gazed up at him, and said, “You weren’t wrong about me.  At all.”
“So, ye drink blood.  It heals thee.  Keeps ye young?”
“Yes.”
“And what if thee did not imbibe, would ye still not age?”
“Sort of.  But very slowly.”
“Have ye ever tried going without consuming blood?”
“Once.  For about eighty years, give-or-take.”
“I’m curious, upon those decades, how much did ye appear to age?”
“Less than ten.”
“Good, God!”  Troll clutched his chest until his galloping pace slowed to a trot.  “How long have ye lived?”
“I honestly don’t know.”
“I deduce ye once lived in a world not unlike this.”
The Dog nodded.
“Tell me, my friend, and tell me true, where are we from where we were?  From Silverdale, Al’ber Que, and the Bluffs of Krin?  Are we in the future or the past?”
“The past.”
“How far?”
“Very far.”
“And the Wraith, this, Joshua King, as he’s so dubbed here, what is he to you?  Why does he look like ye?”
“I don’t remember.”
“But ye recognized him on the bluffs.”
“Yes.  I remember him, his face, but not his connection to me.  Not yet.  I blocked it all out a long time ago.  And now I just can’t remember.”
“But why did he want thee?  Why such an elaborate rouse to bring the three of us together and then pull us apart?  To what end?”
“I don’t know.”
“I don’t believe thee.”
“Yes, you do.  You wish you didn’t.  You wish there were answers.  You even pray for them.  But there aren’t, and I’m sorry.  I forgot all that hundreds of years ago.”
Troll hobbled toward the sofa and sat down.  The plastic covering crinkled beneath his heft.  He ran his fingers down the scar upon his face and exhaled a long, lonesome sigh.  He asked, “Is there anything ye can tell me?  Anything about yerself or this world?”
“Yeah.  We’re in trouble.”
“How do ye mean?  And please, speak plainly.”
“You know about the scanning chips, right?”
“Aye.”
“Well, there’s literally nothing we can do without one.  Nowhere we can go.  We can’t purchase anything or even contact anybody.”
“So, I’ve been told.”
“You see the problem that presents for us, right?”
Troll sat straight and folded his hands upon his lap.  “I don’t see it so much as a problem than an inconvenience.”
“Well, it is.  You’ll find out once we go back to the city.”
“Do ye really think we should?”
“If we want to find out what the Wraith is up to, then I don’t really see much choice.”
After a moment’s cerebration, he replied, “I agree.”
“So, are you ever going to tell me?”
“Tell thee what?”
“About ‘Ro.”
“Ah, ye mean, Peace Officer Jessip?”
The Dog made no reply.  He didn’t have to.  The response was held prisoner within his hazel gape.
Where to start?
Troll relayed all he’d learned during his captivity in this realm:  about Joshua King, about the alternates.
“Who else is here?  Sarah?  Byron?  Where’s Ally?”
“I haven’t seen Sarah.”  He asked, “Do ye know of our harrowing exodus in the mines while’st ye and Star went over the mountains?”
“Yes.  Anne told me.”
“And I take it, ye also know of the Nou’heim-Du’tawa, the books I found during my vision-quest.”
“I do.”
“According to the texts, anyone who was taken by the Wraith does not return.  Not in this world.  Not in any world.”
“What about Star?”
Troll hung his head in dejection, but declined to answer.  Technically, he didn’t have to.  He knew the Dog could read the despair radiating from his soul.
The Dog said, “You know it’s not really her, right?  Just like your friend isn’t ‘Ro.”
“Aye.  Unfortunately, all too well.”
Troll sat there pondering over the meaning of it all.  His purpose.  Why he was here.  He didn’t pray, ‘though he probably should’ve.
After a moment, the Dog said, “I’m going to check the perimeter.  Relax.  For the moment, I think we’re safe.”
“My friend, I haven’t felt safe for a very long time.”
Then the Dog glissaded into the shadows.
Reclining upon the sofa, Troll dozed in and out until Jeffrey returned with a few bags of groceries.
The Dog was nowhere in sight.
Jeffrey placed the sundries upon the kitchen counter as he listed them off.  “I got fresh steaks, potatoes, carrots, some berries, cheese, wine, rice, cereal, soup, milk, and of course, a bottle of Kentucky Bourbon for Shakespeare over here.  I also got toilet paper, napkins, and some more aluminum foil, so we can wrap up the left-overs.”  Cursorily scanning the gloomy cabin, he asked, “Where’s your buddy?”
The Dog dropped from the rafters and landed on all fours without a sound.
Mouth ajar, Jeffrey said, “Damn, that’s cool.”
No-doubt, the young peace officer had many a quandary about the Dog.  But Jeffrey held a casual countenance.
Jeffrey clasped his hands together, and asked, “So, who wants to cook?  I grill a mean steak but I’ll give the honor to any takers.”
Usually, Troll would’ve boasted him the better chef.  But his bones felt weary, fragile; out of breath.  “No, no, my good man, the honor is all ye’rs.”
Jeffrey procured a knife from a drawer and commenced slicing taters and carrots.
Troll’s thoughts whisked back to Silverdale; watching Star chop veggies for stew.  How her glorious behind waggled and danced in the dawn’s early light of Rev. Lowell’s kitchen.
God, he missed that time.
Jeffrey asked, “How do you guys like your steak?  Personally, I prefer medium-rare.”
The Dog said, “Bloody.”
Troll replied, “Well seasoned.”
Jeffrey chimed, “Done and done.”  He rooted through a cabinet and produced a pot and pan.  He placed the diced vegetables in the pot, and said, “By the way, I like listening to music while I cook.  You guys mind?”
Troll grumbled, “I believe I’ve had enough of the so-called music of ye’r world.”
“Naw, naw, you guys will like this.  Trust me.”
Dog and Troll exchanged a brief glance.
He trotted into the den, toward a black, rectangular machine, and said, “Most stereos are controlled by tablets now, but my folks are a couple of old Luddites.”
“Old what?”
Jeffrey opened his mouth to reply.
But, the Dog said, “Basically, they don’t trust technology.”
Jeffrey chirped, “Couldn’t have said it better myself.”
Troll replied, “Ah, I see.  Well, I like them already.”
Jeffrey pushed a button.  Lights blinked to life upon the machine.  He keyed the device a few more times as a whirling sounded.
It reminded Troll of the bed he strapped to within the hospital.
Then acoustic guitars sounded with a steady, southern rhythm, followed by a fiddle and drums.
Troll bobbed his head to the beat, as did the Dog.
The refrain lasted two more measures before a woman’s voice kicked in.  Her voice was low and sweet, with a slight drawl.
Down here, we like a little mischief
Down here, we love a little cheer
Down here, we gargle hard whiskey
Now, blow the head of froth off of an ice-cold beer
Moving to the music, Jeffrey said, “Yeah, you guys like this, right?”
Palm outstretched, Troll replied, “Hush man, I’m trying to listen to this.”
The instruments’ volume slightly intensified.
Down here, we get a little loco
Down here, we cast long grins
Down here, we get a little sideways
Now, blow the head of froth off of an ice-cold beer.
The tempo gradually increased.
Down here, we all are family
Down here, our hearts are strong
Down here, we deal in four-score
Now, curl yourself up, I’ll spin ya nice, long yarn
Now, curl yourself up, I’ll spin ya nice, long yarn
Troll said, “She has the voice of an angel, and her words speak to my heart.”
Dancing in-step, Jeffrey replied, “I know right.”
The volume lessoned as the tempo turned melodic.
All of our kin
Are dust in the wind
Crops growing thin
Like the hair on our
Head!
Then the guitars, fiddle, and drums cranked back up.
Troll couldn’t help but nod to the melody that sang to his soul.  He asked Jeffrey, “Who is this enchantress?  What is her name?  Tell me, I must know.”
Once more, Jeffrey opened his mouth to reply.
But, yet again, the Dog beat him to the punch.  Growling, he said, “It’s Anne.”

****

Morning.  Jeffrey sat at the kitchen table, sipping a steaming mug of coffee and skimming through the news headlines via his tablet.
Naturally, no reports of any kind were filed about the events that occurred the previous day:  Troll’s escape, the Dog’s emancipation, two John Does strolling the streets, Jessip’s betrayal of the New York City Peace Department, or even the explosion within the building.
‘Course not.  Why would there be?  Everything was being covered up.
Groaning, and massaging his right shoulder, Troll hobbled into the kitchen and leaned against the island.
Jeffrey asked, “Sleep alright?”
“Better than nights previous.”
“You and Dog talk about everything you needed to?”
“In a manner of sorts.”
“Where is he today?  I haven’t seen him since last night.”
“No-doubt, engaging in whatever he does when not in sight.”
“Evasive this morning, aren’t we?”
Troll yawned, “Ye are the detective.”
Holding up his mug, he asked, “Interest you in a cup of Joe?”
Troll’s face distorted in an amalgamation of confusion and disgust.  “I beg ye’r pardon?”
“You know, a cup of coffee.”  He slurped his bitter beverage, and added, “You and I are gonna have to work on our communication skills.”
“I agree.”  Staggering toward the liquor cabinet, he amended, “Never touched the stuff.  I prefer a heartier brew.”
“Why don’t you use your cane?”
“My what?”
“You know that big stick you carry around to help you walk.”
“Ye mean my staff.”
“Staff, cane, whatever, I’m not trying to start the morning by getting into a semantic argument with you.  But why don’t you use your staff instead of just tottering around.  You’re a big guy, and there’s some fragile knickknacks in here.  My ma would  shit a baby donkey if you accidently crashed into something of sentimental value.”
“I do not use my staff because I was held suspended in that cursed hospital so long, and then that motorized carriage ye call a van.  The exercise is good for mine legs.”  Troll opened the cabinet and snatched the bottle of bourbon.
Jeffrey placed the tablet on the table, propped his elbows on the oaken furnishing, and interlaced his fingers.  He didn’t say anything about Troll’s predawn libations.  Not yet.  He merely wanted to observe.
Troll pulled the cap, but it wouldn’t come off.  He tried a little harder, but only a little.  Obviously, he didn’t want to tug too forcibly and shatter the neck.
Jeffrey said, “It’s a screw-cap, remember.  You don’t pull.  You twist the cap counter-clockwise.”
Troll’s prominent brows furrowed.  The scar riding the left side of his face seemed to bunch
He replied, “Spin it to the left.”
“Ah, yes, thank ye, my good man.”  He did as instructed and imbibed several long swallows; inhaling between gulps.  He lowered the bottle from his lips, wiped the excess from his beard, and belched.  Then he tippled again.
“You know it’s only six am, right?”
“Why should the hour matter?”
“I’m just saying, drinking when you first wake up is a slippery slope.  Next thing you know, it becomes your morning ritual.  You can’t start the day without it.  It changes you.  Makes you lackadaisical.  It keeps you in a fog.  Makes you lash out at people.  Makes you forget the day before.  It makes you weak.  I’ve seen it dozens of times.”
“My friend, I’ve lost the love of my life.  I’m imprisoned in a strange world that I neither understand nor enjoy.  And I’m dying.  My life is a slippery slope.”  He raised the bottle to his lips, almost tippled again, but said, “And I already am weakened.”  A somber rumination spangled his eyes.  Then he drank again.
Jeffrey just sat there gazing at him in a completely stoic (but more importantly, nonjudgmental), fashion.
“But ye’r right,” he belched, “We’ve much to do today.”  He reached to place the bourbon back in the cabinet; then he drew back.  He gazed at the bottle, as if it just the medicine he needed to sustain his life; his one and only friend.  As if he shared a special bond with the bottle; like it understood him; never judged him.
Jeffrey had seen that look a thousand times.
Gape dithering, Troll stashed the bottle in his cloak, and muttered, “Just in case.”
Jeffrey said nothing.
Troll hobbled toward the table and sat down.  The chair creaked and popped under his heft, but didn’t break.
Good thing his parents were so fastidious about acquiring sold-oak furniture.
Jeffrey asked, “Hungry?”
“Aye, always.”
“Let me make you some eggs and hash browns.”
Feigning a smile, Troll replied, “That would be most appreciated, thank ye.”
Jeffrey commenced to cooking breakfast.  Once or twice, he caught Troll sipping from the bottle via his peripherals, but made no mention of it.
They fell dreadfully silent; all except the hissing of grease and fat frying in oil.
At one point, Jeffrey said, “So, I managed to drop off your measurements to this woman I know.  She’s a nice old lady.  Best seamstress in town, but she works at a head-shop.”
“Her name wouldn’t happen to be Sarah Danvers, would it?”
He chuckled, “Naw, naw, I think it’s Wanda, or Wilma, or something.  People just call her the hippy lady.”
Troll tippled again.  He didn’t even try to hide it.  After a long sigh of exasperation, he propped an elbow on the table, massaged his forehead, and said, “Dare I even ask what a head-shop or a lady of the hip is?”
“You could, but I wouldn’t.  At least not until after breakfast.”
“Smashing idea, my good man.”
“By the way, like I said last night, your friend’s clothes are all right, he actually looks like he might fit in around here so long as he doesn’t wear his armor or weapons, but nights here can get rather chilly, especially for this time of year.”
“I assure ye, that shan’t prove a problem for one such as the Dog.”
“All the same, I asked the hippy lady to make him a jacket.”
“Thank ye, my friend.”  Then he partook another hard swallow.
Jeffrey prepared a couple plates and whisked them toward the table.
Sniffing at the steaming meal, Troll asked, “What be this?  I thought it eggs?”
“I found some veggies in the pantry.  Thought I’d make you an omelet.  The hash browns are just fried potatoes smothered in Monterey Jack cheese, which I think you’ll like.  We got strawberries and blue-berries.  And I’d offer you a glass of milk, but I can see you already have your drink of choice.”
Troll released an amused huff.  He plucked a piece of omelet and wearily raised it toward his mouth.
“You know I also gave you a knife and fork?”
Troll peered into his eyes, and asked, “Do I strike thee as a man in need of cutlery?”
“No, I suppose not.”
Troll gently placed the morsel on his tongue, and slowly chewed.  His brow furrowed, as if unsure he liked it.  Then he folded his hands and bowed his head.
Jeffrey waited for him to finish and resume eating, and asked, “What did you pray for?”
Troll shoveled a healthy wedge of omelet into his mouth.  Chewing audibly, he said, “Merely giving thanks for the first proper meal I’ve had during my tenure in this blasted realm.”
He snorted whimsically and his ruminations drifted back to Dr. Starkey and their spectacular date.  He said, “Merci, merci.”
But of course, he knew Troll had no idea what that meant.

****

The afternoon’s chilly breeze sent branches swaying and orangish leaves raking across the dying grass.  The sky incipiently grayed as storm clouds menacingly advanced.
After breakfast, Troll continued tippling from his beloved bottle until he passed out on the living room sofa.
The Dog had still not returned.
A little past two pm, Jeffrey decided to go looking for him.  He didn’t have to search too far.  He found the Dog out by the boathouse, standing at the edge of the pier, and gazing out over the placid, shallow waters of Lake Honeoye.
Approaching, Jeffrey said, “Beautiful isn’t it?”
The Dog proffered neither gesture nor response.
“Yeah, fall is definitely my favorite season, especially up here.”
Usually, Jeffrey could get a read on someone just by spending a few minutes with them.  But the Dog was one cool customer.  If he wanted to discover anything about the Dog, he’d have to ask him straight out.
“So, uh, what’cha doing out here?”
“Trying to remember where I know this place from.  Trying to remember everything I forgot.”
“How’s that going for ya?”
The Dog turned to him.  Eyes a calm and curious green, he said, “It’s not.”  Then he returned his attention to the lake.
The wind rose.
Shivering, Jeffrey wrapped the denim jacket he wore tightly about his lean frame and stuffed his hands in his pockets.  He said, “Look, I know you’ve got a lot on your mind, but--”
“You have questions.”
“Yeah.”
“So do I.”
The Dog’s voice was unusual.  Soft and low, like someone attempting to assuage a febrile child.
Combing his fingers through his hair, he said, “Troll tells me that you’re not human.  Neither is this Wraith, or the other Hellions.  Are you one of them?  Are you, or should I ask, were you a Hellion?”
“No.  I’m something else.”
“But I gather you don’t know what.  What about the Hellions, do you know what they are?”
“No.  I don’t remember the Hellions.”  Meeting Jeffrey’s gape, he amended, “I mean, from before.”
“But you remember the Wraith, right?  You remember Joshua King.”
“He didn’t always go by that name.”
“Which one?”
“Either one.”
“That’s right, Troll referred to him as the Sweetie-man, and Prince Magdalen, or something, right?”
“No, it was something else.”
“And I take it you don’t remember that either.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Look, I know you’re going through some heavy shit right now, but I gotta ask, why do you look exactly like him?  Is he your alternate?  I only inquire because that’s the only way I can rationalize it to myself.  You know, the reason they killed people to cover up your arrival but not Troll’s.  The reason they had you locked up in a secret bunker.  So, people wouldn’t think there were two Joshua Kings.”
“No.  I don’t think so.”
“Are you brothers, twins?”
“No.”
“No, you’re not, or no, you don’t think so?”
“I’m not.  Troll asked him upon the major bluffs that very same question.”
“And what did the Wraith say?  What were his exact words?”
“He said the answer to that was far too complicated.”
This was going nowhere.  How was he to attain any useful knowledge when these two barely opened up to him?  Obviously, the Dog didn’t trust him.  He thought Troll did, but now he no longer certain.
He asked, “So, where do we go from here? What’s our next move?”
“That’s up to Troll.”
“Yeah, well, as we speak, your fearless leader is passed out on the couch.”
Gazing out over the waters, the Dog solemnly replied, “I know.”
“How can you know?  We haven’t seen you all day.”
“I can sense where people are from a distance.  Not only that, but what they’re doing.  Like I was standing right there watching them.”
“So, I guess you know what I did in the shower this morning.”
The Dog turned to him.  A dour grimace painted his youthful, bearded face and his eyes danced with a dark-brown hue.
Palms out, Jeffrey said, “That was a joke.”
A low guttural sound emanated from the Dog’s gullet as he returned his gaze to the peaceful panorama.
An uneasy silence elapsed.
Jeffrey said, “You’re planning on going back into the city, aren’t you?”
“Yes.”
“How?  Without scanner chips, you’ll be approached by peace officers within minutes.”
The Dog glared at him.
“Hey, look, I’m with you guys, I am.  But, as soon as I have to scan my identity, I’d be apprehended for turning on the force.  They’d lock me up and throw away the key, just like they tried to do to you.”
“Is there anyway to trick the scanners?  Could we falsify our identities?”
“I doubt it.  Each chip is genetically encoded to the individual.  Plus, the chips are manufactured and regulated by Kingdom Incorporated.”
The Dog released an amused huff.
“I know, convenient, isn’t it?”
“We’ll need an ally.  Someone we can trust to help get us around undetected.”
“I’d ask if you had any suggestions, but seeing as how you’ve been incarcerated since you got here, I’m pretty sure I know the answer to that question.”
Gazing at him, the Dog asked, “What about you?  Do you know anyone we can rely on?”
“I did.  But he was murdered to cover up your arrival.”
“Then I guess we’ll have to put out heads together and think of something.”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
The Dog resumed staring at the scenery as another brisk gust arose.
Jeffrey cleared his throat, and said, “I’m headed into town for more provisions.  Need anything?”
“No.  But get Troll some more bourbon.”
But why?  What was there to gain in keeping Troll soused?
Jeffrey said, “I’m not sure he needs it.”
“Neither do I.  But I’ve got a funny feeling about it.”
“What, did God tell you?”
The Dog peered into his eyes, and replied, “God doesn’t speak to me.  Only Troll.”
Sigh.  “All right.  I’m not sure it’s wise.  But I’ll do it.”
Jeffrey turned to take his leave.  His boots crunched over dead leaves and grass.  He asked, “Just one more thing I gotta know.  Did you trust my alternate?  This ‘Ro character?”
“Yes.”
“But, not at first, I’m guessing.”
“No, not at first.”
“What changed your mind about him?”
“He looked after those I care about.”
“You realize that’s exactly what I’m trying to do.”
Meeting his gape, the Dog growled, “We’ll see.”
“You know, you two are really hard to talk to.”
The Dog proffered no reply; he merely resumed watching the placid waters of Lake Honeoye.
Jeffrey repatriated into the humble cabin.  Troll was still snoring audibly; splayed out upon the sofa.  Jeffrey grabbed the keys, locked the front door, and climbed into the van.  He turned the ignition, and the engine coughed and sputtered like an old man fighting pneumonia.  Pea-stone splayed and scattered as he slowly backed out of the driveway.
It’d been a long time since Jeffrey sat behind the wheel of a vehicle.  Living in the city, one didn’t really need to drive anywhere, but after yesterday’s long haul, he was starting to re-familiarize himself with driving.
Once more, he pondered the Dog’s mysterious abilities, Troll’s alcohol addiction, and the beautiful woman he left behind.
Was he doing the right thing?  Had he made the correct choice?  He’d thrown away his career and put his life in danger.  And for what?  Two John Does that didn’t trust him?  After all he’d done for them?  Was this all a huge mistake?  He didn’t know.  He needed to talk to someone, but who?  Mikey was dead.  Troll was passed out.  His parents wouldn’t understand what the hell he was talking about, let alone, the situation.  And the Dog was…well, the Dog.
Feeling a watchful gape upon him, Jeffrey glanced back into the rear of the van, but there was no one there.
Just how far could the Dog sense?  See things?
Jeffrey pulled out onto the main road, but he didn’t head toward town.  He went the opposite way; into the country.  The drive would clear his head.
But still, he needed to talk to someone.
When confident he out of the Dog’s range, he retrieved his tablet, and zoomed Dr. Mary-Anne Starkey.

****

Anne found Mary-Anne sitting at the bar sipping at a mojito through a green, plastic bendy-straw.
Mary-Anne always brought bendy-straws from home whenever she went out to eat.
A reminiscent smile washed Anne’s face.
Did she bring one for her, too?
An alliaceous aroma filled the staunch air.
She knew Mary-Anne hated garlic.
The blaring techno music was way too loud.  The flashing disco-lights gave her a headache.  And the place was packed with guffawing college kids dressed in garish clothes and eccentric hats; the kind worn ironically.
The buffoons probably never worked a real day in their entire lives; kids born with silver-spoons in their mouths, who never suffered actual hardships.  These people didn’t have real problems; they held a bunch of privileges and opportunities within their fastidiously manicured hands.
She knew Mary-Anne probably didn’t care for either the scenery or the company, but Anne had never eaten at The Zoo before.  She liked trying new things.  But not Mary-Anne, no, she was one steady Neddy; she knew what she liked and always ate the same meals, always employed the same routines, and always drank the same protein shakes.
Mary-Anne sipped her beverage again, and glanced at her tablet.
Even with her back to her, Anne could tell she was rolling her eyes.
Anne glimpsed at her own device.
8:05.
Shit, she was late.  Anne was never late, especially not when meeting up with her oldest friend.  She understood how important punctuality was to Mary-Anne.
Anne stumbled toward the bar, reached for her shoe, and said, “Sorry, sorry, I know I’m late.  I know how much you hate that, but it couldn’t be helped.  I broke a damn heel.”  Anne sat down beside her, and gestured for the bartender.
Mary-Anne chuckled, “That’s okay.  I’m just glad you’re here.  And since when do you wear pumps?”
Smirking, she replied, “I just came from the office.”
“Oh, I see.  You mean, Joshua King’s office?”
The bartender glided toward them, and asked, “What will you have?”
Anne replied, “The same as the beautiful woman sitting next to me, please.”
“One mojito, coming up.”
She asked Mary-Anne, “Have trouble finding the place?”
Toying with the collar of her blouse, she replied, “Of course not, not with my ever-trusty tablet.”
“Remember what I keep telling you about those things.”
“Yeah, I know, I know.”  Cursorily scanning the room, she added, “I’d never even heard of this place until you zoomed me the reservations.”
“Neither did I until a friend told me about it.”
“Uh-huh, right, did this friend’s name happen to rhyme with Loshua?”
Anne sneered, “Unlike you, I have more than one friend.”
Mary-Anne scoffed, “I have other friends.”
“Your grandma and brother don’t count.”
“Well hey, running a hospital doesn’t leave me a lot of time to socialize.”
“How are they, anyway?”
“Oh, you know, grandma’s happily retired and spends the bulk of her time baking or doing hot yoga.  And Mike’s always chasing up some lead he can’t talk about until the story breaks.  Then he’s off on the next assignment.  I really only see him during the holidays.”
The bartender set the drink in front of Mary-Anne, and she swept her wrist over the barkeep’s tablet to pay for it.  She said, “I see you still carry around bendy-straws.”
“Never leave home without it.”
“You brought one for me, right?”
Smirking, she produced another bendy straw from her black and pink stripped purse, and handed it to Anne.
Anne pouted, “Uh, red?  I wanted the green one.  You know it’s my favorite color.”
“I know, that’s why I gave you the red one.”
She chuckled, “You can be a real bitch sometimes, you know?”
Mary-Anne giggled, “I know.”
They both suckled at their minty libations as a comfortable silence elapsed.
Mary-Anne asked, “So, how did the meeting with your publisher go?”
“It’s still yet to be rescheduled.  My new jobs kept me pretty busy the last couple of days.”
“But don’t you have a deadline to meet for the new book?”
“Mr. King’s taken care of that for me.  Plus, my new job also has a deadline to meet, and it’s a little more important than a book.”
“Like what?”
“You know I can’t tell you.”
“Really, you can’t tell me anything about what you do there?”
“I wish I could, but I can’t.”
Mary-Anne gazed at her with narrowed gape and her mouth slightly curled.
“What?  What is it?”
“Nothing.”
“No really, tell me.”
“It’s just this guy I’ve been seeing…I’m mean, we only went out once, but he’s like a detective.”
“You’re talking about the peace officer?”
“Right.”
“Detectives don’t exist anymore.”
“Well, maybe he’s the last of their kind.  But anyway, he sees things unlike other people.  He’s hyper-observant and a deductive thinker.”
“Kind of like Sherlock Holmes?”
A reminiscence spangled her gape.  Donning a radiant smile, she said, “Yeah, exactly like that.  Anyway, ever since I met him, I’ve been trying to think like him; connect the dots.  And we haven’t seen each other in a while.”
“And?”
“And…I don’t know…there’s something off about you.”
“Like what?”
Mary-Anne sighed, and said, “You were late--”
“I already explained that.”
“You brought me to a place you knew I wouldn’t like--”
“Hey, I didn’t know you wouldn’t like it until I walked in the door.  I’ve never been here either, remember.”
“You’re making excuses, which you never do.  You always juggle projects, now you’re working on just one.  I bet you haven’t even touched the new album since you started working for Kingdom Inc.”
“I started, but then, you know, I got busy.”
“And on top of all that, you’ve been keeping stuff from me.  We used to tell each other everything.”
Anger flurried inside Anne.  Her cheeks and the back of her neck felt hot and flush.  She said, “I already told you--”
“I’m not talking about your new job, Anne.  You’re not exactly hiding stuff from me, all the same, you’re not telling me everything.  You’ve changed.”
Anne pitched the red bendy-straw from her glass and chugged a long swallow.  She said, “Of course I’ve changed.  You remember when we first met in college?  You were 18, and I was 14, a young kid who graduated high-school early and at the top of my class.  I was so young and terrified about being out on my own.  But look at all the things I’ve accomplished since then.  Look at what I’ve done.  I’m changing every day.  You’re the one who’s afraid of the new and unfamiliar.”
Mary-Anne exhaled a long, low sigh, and said, “Maybe you’re right.”
Anne gently rested a hand on her shoulder, and said, “Every time you see me, I’ll be slightly different than the person you remember.  And you’ll always be the same girl I met back at State.  And I love that about you.  But you have to accept the way I am, the way I’m constantly flourishing in all directions.  I know it seems like my sole focus is on one particular project, that’s because it is.  What I’m doing now is more important than art.”  Her tablet vibrated, signaling their table ready.  She gazed at Mary-Anne, and asked, “Well, should we eat here, or do you wanna go somewhere else?”
After a moment’s hesitation, she huffed, “No, it’s fine, let’s give this place a try.”
They grabbed their drinks and headed into the dining area.
The atmosphere was quieter and the lights buzzed a normal fluorescent hue.
Anne said, “You know, when Nikoli Tesla first changed the world he was regarded as a herald, the second time, he was run out of Europe and came to America, where his research was bulldozed by Thomas Edison.”
Face twisted in a quizzical scrunch, Mary-Anne asked, “Who’s Nikoli Tesla?”
“Thank you for proving my point.”
Anne’s tablet guided them to their designated table, where a waiter stood at the ready to pull out their chairs for them.
As the waiter scooched in her seat, Mary-Anne said, “Is there a point to this fun, little factoid?”
The waiter handed them a couple menus.
Anne watched his every minute motion like a hawk hunting a rabbit.  When the waiter scuttled away, she leaned across the table, stared into Mary-Anne’s eyes, and said, “Yeah.  Joshua King is about to change the world.  Again.”

****

Dear journal,
I am drunk.  Completely soused.  And I care not.  Yes, I do.  At least, I hope I do.  I pray I still have some semblance of strength after all I’ve suffered.  As I said, I’m drunk, so at the moment, I knoweth not.
I know I should never have imbibed this cursed drink, but it dulls the pain.  All the loss.  Byron’s face.  Star as I held her in my arms as she expired.  The dull throbbing within the hollows of me bones.  That constant vice around mine heart.
I thought my life would find meaning in doing the Lord’s work.  But alas, t’is wrought me nothing more than misery and heartbreak.
Perhaps mine purpose better served as a lush.
No, no, I mustn’t think like that.
Even as I write these words, ‘Ro cooks us dinner, but keeps a constant vigil over me.  I know he doesn’t approve of my consumptions by the constant scowl upon his face.
T’was the Dog who implored him to purchase more whiskey.
Why would the Dog want me ubiquitously besotted?
Is he really the figure standing upon the pyramid?  The one from mine vision?
Perchance the reason the Dog the one those villains sought is because he would inevitably be the one to break me.
No, no, I mustn’t think like that.
I can’t.
The Dog is my longest, dearest, and best-good-friend.
There no way he’d betray me.
So, why does he enable me?
Of course, as I write this, the Dog be not around.  He’s allowed to go outside; which he no-doubt prefers.  I, on the other hand, am confined to this cramped but cozy cabin until inconspicuous garbs fashioned for me.
Oh, how I envy the Dog…and mistrust him.
But I can’t think like that.
I mustn’t
But alas, dear journal, I am drunk.

****

Joshua King adoringly stroked the silver sabre resting on his desk, and said, “Beautiful, isn’t it?”
Lilith lay naked, sprawled out on the floor; her buxom breasts methodically heaved up and down.  She didn’t breathe, but she pretended to -- all the time.  Habits were hard to break.
Gazing at her lithe body, he couldn’t help but think of Anne.
Oh, how he wanted her.  He’d waited so long.  He didn’t love her.  He didn’t love anything.  But he was desperately infatuated with her; always had; since the moment he met her.  Oh, how she shined with an inner light; a light he’d snuff out of her.  The sensation must’ve been tantamount to what Furion experienced as he constantly dangled the promise of returning Star to his brother’s greedy clutches.  Oh, how Furion salivated in anticipation.  All the while, Joshua never intended on handing her over to his sibling.  No, he needed things to transpire exactly as they did.  The poor buffoon.  He almost pitied Furion, that is, if Joshua could feel pity.
But Joshua was not Furion.  He would have Anne, Lilith, the world -- everything.  So long as he held his cards tight to his ethereal chest for just a little longer, and then played them in precise order, Joshua King would have it all.
Meeting his gaze, Lilith slowly and coquettishly dressed; allowing her brother to soak in her every lascivious move.  She minced toward him, and in an emotionless voice, said, “I don’t know what beauty is.”
Joshua held out his hand over the silver sword in a gesture of grandeur, and replied, “My dear sister, this is beauty at its finest.  The perfect weapon against that cursed cur.”
“Why does silver harm him?  Why does it make his blood burn?”
Rubbing his hands, he replied, “That’s complicated.”
“Explain it to me.”
“I will.  In due time.  For now, all you need to know is that this blade is very, very important.”
“But why bring it up here?  Won’t the scientists notice it missing from the lab?”
“If they’re half as intelligent as they boast then I certainly hope so.  Besides, it doesn’t matter anymore.  The machine works.  We have the sword.  And my team finished all the testing they need to.  General Schertzing will be here any day now, and I don’t want him getting his greasy mitts on this or the machine.”
Lilith stared at the sword, but her gape didn’t fill with awe like everyone else who gazed upon the weapon.
He asked, “Are we ready for phase two?”
“Yes.”
“Good, then let’s begin immediately.”
“Shall I have Fedic do it?”
“Might as well, he has nothing else to do -- for the moment.”
Then Joshua transformed into his hooded, shadowy form – the Wraith.
The Wraith picked up the sword and immersed it into its eidolon body, like Troll pocketing something within his magic cloak.
Lilith asked, “Where are you taking it?”
“To its rightful master.”  With a taloned claw, he ripped a hole in the fabric of existence; revealing a door of solid, blue light in space and time.
Not everyone could see the door.  Must people didn’t because they couldn’t fathom what they witnessed.  But there were those who could.  There were those who were special, like Lilith, Fedic, Troll, and the Dog.  He knew Star couldn’t, but by the end, she couldn’t see anything anyway.
Cameras and video recorded the portals, but only as a flash of blue light followed by static; electro-magnetic interference resulting from breaking a hole in the universe.
The Wraith entered the doorway and immediately whisked back to another place and time; another world.
He emerged from the shadows (as per usual), into a small enclosure of red, ashlar brickwork.  An elegant rug and posh pillows fixtured the cramped quarters.  A silver platter and glass hookah rested near a portly, swarthy man in his mid-fifties.  The hookahs’s rich smoke filled the staunch, unventilated air.
In a pleasantly hollow voice, the Wraith asked, “Disturbing you, am I?”
Startled, Sultan Rome Cesaro cleared his throat, and said, “No, my lord.  Never.
The Wraith chuckled, “But, my dear sultan, I think you lie.  I think I disturb you greatly.”
And it was true.  The Wraith didn’t need to observe the beads of sweating running down the sultan’s fat face to know that.
The sultan stammered, “Si, of course, my lord.”  He lurched away, as if fearful of being struck, and said, “Whatever thy command.”  The Wraith eased back and the sultan sighed gales of relief.  He blotted the perspiration beading his brow, and asked, “To what do I owe this auspicious visit?”
As a cloud, the Wraith drifted toward the sultan, and cooed, “They’re here, Romey.  The ones I warned you about.”
Eyes agape, mouth ajar, the sultan asked, “They’re here, now?  In Al’ber Que?”
Ah, poor Romey.  So easy to scare.  So easy to manipulate.
“Yes, even at this moment, they are together, conspiring against you.”
Pillowy eyebrows arched, bottom lip protruding, the sultan whimpered, “Are you certain?”
The Wraith snarled, “Are you daft or merely insolent?”
If capable of affection, this would be the one thing the Wraith loved -- playing people; turning them against one another.
Arms out in defense, he quivered, “Neither my lord, neither.”
“Good.  I have a job for your barbarian, Shadeem.  It is a task that requires a warrior’s skill.”
“To what would you have me charge him with?”
“Kill that mutt of theirs.”
Face twisted into collops of confusion, the sultan asked, “Mutt?”
The Wraith replied, “Shadeem will know who, just give him my orders.”
Gulping, the sultan bowed, and said, “Consider it done, my lord.”
“Don’t be so cocky, it will be much more difficult than you think.  For, more than you can imagine have tried, and all have failed.”
And it was true.  How many times had he attempted to slay that cursed abomination before realizing he needed the Dog to complete the ultimate task?  How many assassins had he sent?  Only until after the Dog disappeared into the wilderness did he finally stumble across the mutt’s weakness.
Mouth in an o-shape, the sultan’s brow arched quizzically.
The moron.  But that was fine.  Imbeciles were manageable.  They were…malleable.
Rubbing its taloned claws, the Wraith cooed, “Don’t fret my dear, boy.  I come bearing gifts of unimaginable power.”

****

A woman with short dirty-blonde curls said, “This just in, Syria has declared war against the rest of the world.  Directing their missiles upon Moscow, Madrid, London, Paris, and of course, much of the Eastern part of the U.S.”
“Food shortages have reached an all-time high; grocery stores across the U.S are now limiting people to the amount of produce they are allowed to purchase.  While many conglomerations are insisting that people wear face masks in public, although the material required for making said garments grows slimmer every day.”
The woman rubbed the heel of her palm against her puffy cheek.  Her glossy bloodshot gaze appeared distant, as if she someplace else.  She continued, “We now go live to New York, where billionaire, Joshua King is addressing the situation.”
The screen split with a stout, bulbous black man with a neatly trimmed goatee on the left and Joshua King sitting in a darkened room (probably a bomb shelter) on the right.
“Mr. King,” said the reporter, “In recent days, you’ve expressed a vehement distaste for the ongoing war, yet the smart bombs decimating much of the populace were in fact, manufactured by Kingdom Inc., how do you explain this?”
Without so much as a minute facial twitch, Joshua stared into the camera and replied, “I’m glad you asked that, Rich.  It is no secret that many of the world’s arms were made and sold by my company, but as I’m sure you are no-doubt aware; Kingdom Inc. has steered clear of that sort of business for the past four years--”
The reporter blurted, “And yet some might argue that the very reason Syria attacked is because you pulled out of selling them weapons and supplying food and medical assistance.”
“We did not discontinue our efforts to help Syria with relief aid or any other country, for that matter.  As I’m sure you know, Syria attacked due to incumbent Bashar Al-Murad being assassinated by militants of unknown origin.  This is precisely why I’m pushing to have scanner chips implanted in the general populace.  So, we know who’s accountable for whatever travesties that are exacted upon our brothers and sisters.”
“You’ve also proclaimed that these chips would alert authorities to people that are stricken with the SARS-flu.”
“Yes, that is correct.  Not only would it alert first responders, but it would also allow us to monitor the well-being of anyone who may have come in contact with those infected.”
“And while some might see the benefits of tracking every living person on the planet, pundits argue this a very slippery slope.  I believe senator Julian Ross proclaimed it as, and I quote, ‘The tip of the iceberg toward a very intrusive future and the depriving of social and personal privacies.’ “
Steepling his fingers, Joshua chuckled, “Yes, well, safe guarding the masses does inevitably come with a price.”
“Some say the U. S’s, or more to the point, Kingdom Inc’s. interference in arms dealings and foreign politics is the very catalyst that begrudges the rest of the world.  Tell me Mr. King, how do you respond to that?”
“I would suggest that the people who say those types of myopic things are very naïve as to what is going on around them every day.  Syria didn’t just wake up one morning and decide to bomb a third of the world.  And the virus didn’t just mystically pop up out of nowhere.  This is something that’s been stirring in the weeds for quite some time.”
“That’s a very cryptic remark.  Are you implying the two are somehow connected?”
Smirking, Joshua replied, “Rich, everything is connected.  The Devil, as they say, is in the details.”

****

Troll awoke on the sofa in a stupor.  His cranium pounded like the king’s war drums.  Vision blurry, the ringing in his ears reminded him of the tintinnabulation of Al’ber Que’s carillon.  He sat up.  His vitreous bones ached within their marrow-filled hollows.  He felt dizzy, like his head was spinning and stomach churning in nausea.  His mouth was drier than the Mo’tave desert, yet sensed an acidity rising in the back of his throat.  Panting and groaning, he sat there a moment with his head in his hands waiting as the world righted itself and stood still once more.
In a husky voice, he called, “Jeffrey, Jeffrey are ye there?”
The buzzing in his eardrums intensified to a painful decibel.
He hadn’t been this hungover since…well, he couldn’t remember ever being this hungover.
“Jeffrey?”
Nothing.
“Dog?”
Still nothing.
Once more he was abandoned in a world he neither comprehended nor enjoyed.
H reclined into the sofa’s plush back-rest.  He closed his eyes and controlled his breathing until that rocking sensation left his weary body.
Outside, the skies were overcast with a stony hue as fat drops of rain pattered against the windowpanes.
Yet again, his mind whisked back to simpler times:  traveling with his trio.  The rainy season in Silverdale.
He searched the innards of his cloak for his canteen.  Instead, he produced the bottle of bourbon.
For the umpteenth-time, his cerebrations circled back to Byron’s face; to Silverdale.  To Star.  To the time Byron staggered out onto Reverend Lowell’s front porch after a botched fishing excursion and a night of hearty libations.  Troll and Star were already outside, ‘though for whatever reason, he couldn’t remember what they conversed about.
And his memory used to be so keen.
Squinting and holding his head, Byron grumbled, “What’s all the racket?”
Troll replied, “We were thinking of perusing on down to Hawkins, care to join?”
“Oh, no, really, I still feel a bit ill from last night.”  His stomach gurgled as his face donned a sickly green-hue.  Byron held his rumbling belly, eyes growing wide, cheeks puffed out as if about to spew chunks.
Smiling, Troll asked, “My son, do ye know what the best tonic for a drunk-sick belly is?”
“No, what?”
Troll gazed upward, hands out in supplication.  “Should I really tell him, oh Lord?”
“No,” Star replied, “let me.”
“Very well, my dear.”
A smile slowly cracked across her firm veneer as she said, “Another beer.”
Outside, the wind howled and rattled the glass; returning him to the here-and-now.
He uttered, “Very well, then.”  Then he chugged the remaining contents of the bottle.  For a moment he certain he’d regurgitate, but after a couple of minutes sitting there with his eyes closed, he started to feel a little better.
Once more, he called, “Dog?  Officer Jessip?  Is anyone there?”
No response but the driving wind and rain shaking the shingles and windowpanes.
What time was it?  What day?  Did it even matter?  He knew it the subsequent day because the last thing he remembered was Jeffrey returning to the cabin last night with more bags of groceries and a couple extra bottles of whiskey.
Gazing longingly at the empty container in his grip, he labored to his feet and hobbled into the pantry to fetch another.  He returned to the sofa and coiled his fingers around the cap.
Maybe he shouldn’t.  Perchance he’s had enough.
But he twisted the cap and imbibed another long swallow anyway.
He sat there for a long time; drinking, living in his head and reminiscing on the good times; before all this darkness and despair.
Legs and soul restless, he got up and paced about the living room, but that didn’t cease his constant consumptions or ruminations.
After a while, he stared out the window, desperately desiring to go outside.
Why couldn’t he?
After all, they were out in the middle of nowhere; nothing surrounded them but trees and lake.  There probably wasn’t a person around for miles.
Tippling from the bottle, he left the cabin.  The frigid rain falling upon him filled him with a sense of ease and refreshment.  So, he retrieved his trusty staff, and went for a stroll in hopes of clearing the clutter from his mind.
He perambulated the bedraggled forestry in his usual duds (he’d attempted wearing Cousin Zak’s jeans and a sweater, but alas, they just didn’t fit), ‘though he didn’t don his cloak.  He’d left it at the cabin.  He desired the sensation of the freezing rain pelting off him like small shards of ice.  At least he felt something other than the hollowness and heartbreak eating away at him, like a worm inside a ripe apple.
Staff in one hand, the bottle in the other, he perused the aisles of tall standing pine trees, oak, and other conifers.  Every once in a while, he’d pass a bush or shrub carefully hewn into perfect squares or rectangles.  Even the grass appeared well-maintained, as if the people of this world hungered for complete control of the elements.
It made him think of the Hellions.
Who was this third villain?  This, Lilith?  Furthermore, what of Fedic?  What was his purpose in all this?  He wasn’t a Hellion, was he?
Alas, he didn’t even want to ponder over such things?  But what else was there to think about?  Star?  The Dog?  His deteriorating health?
Traipsing through the woods in this weather probably wasn’t very conducive to his condition, but at that moment, he just didn’t care.
The wind arose and he shivered; clutching tightly to himself.
Then he heard a strumming guitar and raspy, yet melodious voice croon:
“Down here, we judge no covers
Down here, we pile up arms
Down here, we tell tall tales
Now, come on testify, and let the truth ring hard”
He knew that song.  But from where?  He couldn’t remember, only that he’d heard it recently.
“Down here, we hunt through the winter
Down here, we party till dawn
Down here, we speak our minds
Now, come on testify, and let the truth ring hard”
Curious, he sloshed through mud, muck, and soggy limbs toward the music’s origin.
The tempo slowed.  The guitar and the woman’s voice faded to an almost inaudible level.
“All that we see
Are saplings struggling
Slowly dwindling
As frost chokes the leaves
And all of our kin
Are dust in the wind
Crops growing thin
Like the hair on my
Head!”
Then the guitar picked up again.
That’s right, he remembered now.  In this world, Anne Warwick was a famous musician of sorts, and that was one of her songs.  But t’was not Anne’s voice he heard singing.
Could this be a trap?  Unfortunately, there remained only one way to find out for sure.
He pushed through the branches and spotted another cabin.  Smoke billowed from the stone chimney.  Rain pattered off the drenched shingles.  A plank-wooden fence contained a small enclosure around what (one would consider), the back yard.  A porch was fashioned at the rear of the domicile.  Two people sat in chairs, a woman and a man.  The woman probably sat in a rocker judging by the way she kept moving back-and-forth.  But, unlike Reverend Lowell’s porch, a mesh screen encaged the deck; obfuscating their facial features.
The fence stood only about five-feet-high.  And when the woman saw Troll, she jumped in a start; halting in song.
The man ceased his strumming.
Conceding his palms, Troll said, “I apologize folks, I never had the slightest intention of scaring thee.  I was out for a walk in the woods when I couldn’t help but overhear ye in song, and t’is a song I rather enjoy.”
The man placed the guitar on the porch, and the body hummed in vibration.  He said to the woman, “I told you it was true.  I told you they’d come. I knew it.  I knew it all along.”
Troll didn’t recognize the voice.
The woman said to her companion, “Maybe it’s just a coincidence.”
“Well, ask him.”
She asked Troll, “Is your name Troll?”
A cold shiver coursed through his bones, but t’was not from the weather.
Perhaps this was a trap, after all.  How else could they know his name?  How could anyone know him?  In another world, the prophecy of a man in the form of a beast was well-renowned.  But in this realm, nobody knew him.  He was a Joshua Doe (or something to that effect).
With a cautious timbre, Troll inquired, “How do ye come to know me?”
The man approached the porch’s screen door, and called, “My name is Montgomery Barnam.  And I’ve been waiting a long time for you.”
Troll asked, “Are ye spies of the king?  Joshua King?”
“Far from it,” he replied.  “Although, I know all about your plight.”
Troll scoffed, “That’s impossible.”
The man opened the door and waddled out into the rain.  He appeared portly and around the age of seventy, though apparently quite spry.  He wore faded jeans and a red and black, collared shirt.
If memory served, he believed Jeffrey referred to it as flannel.
Wrinkles riddled the man’s chubby, tawny face like blights from the cave-rot.  His long, silvery hair tied back in a ponytail.
For a moment, he thought he recognized the man.  But that was probably the whisky affecting his vision.
He chuckled, “You probably don’t recognize me, do you?  I suppose, unlike the others, I’m not a mirror-image of those you knew.”
Troll tippled from the bottle, and called, “Come now, my good man, I am a bit soused and not much time on my hands.”  Ruminating on the lair of the house master, he grumbled, “And I no longer care for riddles.”
Hobbling toward the fence, and thusly Troll, he said, “No, I suppose you don’t.  On both accounts.  Time or riddles.”
Troll snarled, “Who are thee?  How do ye know me?”
Halting mere feet from the wooden-planks dividing them, he replied, “In another time and place, we were friends.  Both as young men, and then as old.  I once kept possession over strange books you called, Nou’heim-Du’tawa.  But in this world, I wrote them.”
Heart galloping in his chest, Troll staggered and dropped the bottle; luckily it didn’t break.  Palm pressed to his heaving pectorals, he uttered, “I don’t believe it.  Montalvo?”
“My friends call me Monty.”

****

Anne didn’t really know what to make of General Schertzing.  The man appeared stout and bulbous; wearing a finely pressed suit.  His flabby face resembled that of a dour bulldog’s.  His short thinning blond-hair resembled the fuzz on a peach.  His cheeks and round nose displayed a flushed, red hue, as if he intoxicated or enraged.
She’d also thought the general a great war-hero, but he was a complete push-over when it came to Joshua King.
Schertzing asked her, “So, in plain English, please, summarize what you just told me.”
She replied, “Basically, the project isn’t going to work.  At least, not the way intended.”
He did not look happy.
The general and the joint chiefs stormed into Kingdom Inc. a little after lunch, but Joshua made them wait another hour before meeting them down in the lobby accompanied by Anne.  When Joshua told his sister that Anne would join him instead of her, Lilith glared at Anne and then stormed away as the clicks of her high-heeled shoes resounded off the marble flooring.
Anne said, “I don’t think she likes me.”
Joshua replied, “My sister and I are very close and she’s very protective of me.  She hated my secretary, Tanya, when they were first introduced, but now they’re like two peas in a pod.  Don’t worry, eventually she’ll warm up to you.”
For some reason, she didn’t entirely believe that
Joshua graciously received his guests with minute pleasantries before informing them that only Gen. Schertzing would be allowed into the meeting (held upstairs in his private office).  The news was met with the joint chiefs all staring at the general.
The general’s flabby, sudoriferous face flushed a beet-red hue.  But his voice remained calm and steady as he said, “That’s fine.”
The elevator ride up to the top floor seemed to last an awkward eternity.  No one talked.
One wouldn’t even be able to cut the tension brewing with a sword compressed of pure silver.
Once arriving upon the grandiose door to Joshua’s office, Schertzing muttered, “I don’t think your secretary should join us.”
Joshua chuckled, motioned to Anne, and said, “Oh, this isn’t my secretary.  This is Anne Warwick.  The Anne Warwick.  I brought her in to head the project because, as you know, Dr. Harrington was getting us absolutely nowhere.  And believe it or not, she’s the one who solved our little hiccup.  If you want answers, she’s the one you want to talk to.  Think of my presence this meeting more like a moderator.”
Schertzing said, “Oh, well, it’s nice to meet you Ms. Warwick.”  He held a hand out to her, and she shook it.  “My daughters are big fans of yours.  Perhaps when this is over, and if it isn’t too much trouble, you wouldn’t mind signing a couple of autographs for me.”
Smiling, she replied, “No trouble at all.”
The three sat at a small, cylindrical coffee table at the other end of the office as adverse to Joshua’s desk.  They sipped macchiato and made light conversation before getting down to business.
General Schertzing said, “So, I don’t think I have to remind either of you about how much time and money we’ve sunk into this project.  Where are we?”
She expected Joshua to do most of the talking but he conceded every question to her.
She said, “I’m not really sure where to begin.”
Joshua chimed, “Just tell the general everything, starting from when I brought you into project Vulcan.”
So, she did; omitting no details other than the blossoming attraction between her and Joshua King.
Listening intently, the general nodded every so often as Anne explained everything she knew about project Vulcan.  When finished, he asked her to repeat what she’d just said in summary.  Once again, she complied with the general’s wishes.
He said, “So, what you’re telling me, is that even though the machine works, the project won’t.”
Anne gazed at Joshua, who held his hand out, signaling for her to answer.
She said, “Basically, the machine is too dangerous to compress anything but a single element at a time.  Even if we did figure out how to condense a mixture, like say, concrete, even the smallest miscalculation could create a blackhole here on Earth.  I’m sorry general, but I just don’t see how this technology could be safely implemented in the way intended.”
Joshua chimed, “I concur.  I’m sorry to waste your time general, but this looks like the end of project Vulcan for the foreseeable future.”
Schertzing blotted the perspiration beading his glossy forehead, and said, “Show it to me.”
Anne asked, “I’m sorry, show you what?”
“The machine.  Show me the machine.”
Smirking, Joshua replied, “I’m afraid I can’t do that.  Authorized personal only, you understand.”
Face flushed red, Schertzing growled, “What I understand is that you’ve wasted years of the government’s time and billions in tax-payer’s money.”
“Actually, it was only a couple hundred thousand.  As I said before, the rest came from my many companies.”
“Be that as it may, neither the president or myself are very happy with you at the moment.”
Joshua sighed, and said, “As I told you before, if the president has a problem with the way I conduct business, he’s more than welcome to zoom me any time.”
“I’ll be sure to inform the president.”
“You do that.”
“And what about this sword you compressed?  May I see that, or is that also for authorized personal.”
Anne opened her mouth to inform the general the sabre had gone missing from the lab.
But Joshua said, “No.  You could see it, but I gave it to someone as a souvenir.”
She was aghast.  How come he never told her that?”
Shrugging, Joshua added, “Now I don’t know where it is.”
For some reason, she didn’t think that entirely true.
Schertzing said, “I would like to speak to Dr. Harrington and Dr. Rivers.”
“I’m afraid that’s out of the question.”
“Why?  Have you misplaced them, as well?”
“No.  I know where they are.  But as I’ve stated, project Vulcan is over, and the team has been disbanded.  Now my team is working on other projects.  Plus, the project was to remain classified until proven successful.  Since it failed, technically it’s still classified, and my scientists aren’t at liberty to discuss any such information with anyone other than myself, my sister Lilith, and of course, Ms. Warwick.”
Glaring at Anne, Schertzing said, “But she just told me -- twice, that you successfully compressed matter.  Now, you’re simply refusing to divulge any information to me.”
Once more, she opened her mouth to respond, but Joshua beat her to the punch.
He said, “I don’t think you understand the potential danger the machine could have in the wrong hands, or any information as to how it worked.”
“I understand you’re making a mockery of the White House.”
Fingers steepled, Joshua replied, “Believe me general, if I was mocking you, you would know it.”
Quavering in rage, the general uttered, “And what if I came back with a presidential mandate to confiscate your machine, your sword, any information related to the project, and subpoenaed any of your so-called scientists before a grand jury?”
“You can try?”
“What does that mean?”
“As you know, I gave the sword away as a gift.  There exist no files on the machine or the project because we didn’t record it via zoom, we wrote it down the ol’ fashioned way.  Isn’t that right, Ms. Warwick?”
She said nothing; didn’t even try.  What was the point?  It was almost like Joshua planned this entire meeting verbatim.
He continued, “All those papers and notes made for excellent kindling at my secretary’s birthday party.  As for the machine itself, I moved it to an undisclosed facility to have it dismantled.”  Leaning across the table, his brows narrowed, and an eerie inflection infected his voice.  “As for my so-called scientists, they’re somewhere safe and free from the US government’s jurisdiction or extradition.  And if you ever threaten any of my employees again, you’ll need more than subpoenas and presidential mandates to protect you from my wrath.”
Terror filled her like the jelly inside a donut.  Never before had she witnessed such anger from Joshua; like darkness spreading over the land before a thrasher of a mid-winter’s storm.
Schertzing stammered, “So…what are you saying?”
“I’m saying this meeting is over.”  Fetching his tablet from his sport-jacket, he ran his finger across the screen, and said, “Tanya, will you have security promptly escort our guests from the building?”
“Right away, sir.”
Before the general could even move a muscle, the pneumatic door opened with a whoosh as four guards marched in and ushered him out of the office.
Schertzing yelled, “This isn’t over, King!  I’ll be back!  We’ll have that machine, and I’ll personally see to it that you’re put out of business forever!”  His shouts and withering condemnations faded as the door slid shut behind him.
Heart galloping, Anne pressed a hand to her chest, and said, “Wow, that was intense.”
Rubbing his hands and donning a devilish smile, Joshua replied, “Actually, I think that went rather well.”

****

Troll slurped, “Ah, now this be fine brew, indeed.  What do ye call it again?”
Donning a wrinkled and leathery smile, Monty replied, “Chamomile tea.”
“Well, it’s quite delicious.”
Troll sat on a rug upon the living room floor with Monty and his woman, Rita.  Wax candles and incense sticks lit the otherwise gloomy domicile while folk tunes softly played from a music box referred to as, a record player.
Monty explained he was a writer and a retired professor from some prestigious university.  He’d met Rita during one of the many classes he taught (which made sense considering she appeared at least twenty years younger than her mate).
Monty chuckled, “And I thought all the hippies died out or became yuppies.”  After a moment, he amended, “Sorry, you don’t know what that means do you?”
Troll merely sipped at the steaming cup in his grasp.
Rita said very little during their conversation, she just kept staring at Troll with wide gape and jaw slack, as if having trouble reconciling the giant she gazed at.
Rita appeared the age of fifty, or so.  Her long, gray, curly hair cascaded down the back of her floral-patterned dress.  The Large, thick spectacles she donned upon the bridge of her slightly curved nose made her hazel-eyes seem minuscule.
Monty still hadn’t mentioned how he knew of Troll and his adventures, but a twinklin’ told him that information would be revealed once his friends arrived.
As if right on cue, arose a rapping from the front door.
Rita rose to her feet, and said, “That must be our other guests.”
For the utmost of brevity, Troll certain that soldiers of the king about to storm into the home.  But he pushed that thought away.  Surely, if his hosts intended on harming him, they would’ve done so already.  Right?
Rita disappeared into the hallway and opened the door.  She said, “Come in, come in, we’ve been expecting you for some time.”  Her voice sounded high-pitched and nasal, as if she practiced greeting guests before a mirror.
From the living room, Troll heard Jeffrey’s voice reply, “Sorry ma’am, I hope we’re not disturbing you.”
“Not at all.  Come in.  Come in.”  Rita returned and escorted Jeffrey and the Dog into the living room.
Jeffrey said, “Evening Monty.”
Monty replied, “Good evening Officer Jessip.”
Glaring at Troll, Jeffrey added, “I thought I asked you not to leave the house.”
Running a hand down his scar and beard, Troll said, “Funny, I don’t recall that.”
“I see you met the neighbors, Prof. Barnam and the Hippy Lady.”
“I thought her name Rita?”
Rita chimed, “Oh it is, but everyone just calls me the Hippy Lady.”
Troll asked the Dog, “And where have ye been?”
Curious hazel-gape darting about the room, the Dog replied, “Hunting.”
If the Dog sensed any malice from these people or their homestead, he certainly didn’t display it on his furry face.
Monty said to the Dog, “I hope you’ve got a license for that.”
Jeffrey added, “I don’t even think it’s even hunting season.”
Monty added, “Oh, that doesn’t matter up here.  The county changed the local law on that years ago, but the DNR is very strict on all hunters having licenses.”
Eyes changing from hazel to yellow, the Dog growled, “I don’t need a license.”
Monty clasped his hands together, and said, “Well, come in and have a seat.  We have much to discuss.”
They all sat in a circle upon the brownish frayed-rug.  Monty opened a small wooden box and produced an oblong, glass pipe which he packed, lit, and then passed around the group.
Jeffrey sniffed, and asked, “Is that pot?”
Coughing, Monty replied, “It’s not like it’s tobacco, it’s perfectly legal now.”  He inhaled a few tokes before passing the pipe to his wife, who thanked him by kissing his wrinkled cheek.  She then offered it to Jeffery, who waved it off with a pass of his hand.
Jeffrey said, “Yeah, I know.  I just haven’t smoked pot since college, that’s all.”
Monty said, “After the wars ended and travel was safe, we moved up here to the cabin.”
Rita coughed, “But we still own a flat in the city for whenever we feel like visiting New York.”
Eyes glassy and bloodshot, Monty continued, “Right.  Well anyway, I’ve always been a writer.  I’ve published over a dozen novels, but when we moved here, I started having these incredibly vivid dreams.  Night after night.  The crazy thing is, the subsequent night, my dreams would pick up right where they left off.”
Jeffrey said, “Kinda like watching a show on TV.”
Monty replied, “That’s right.”  He nodded at Rita, who got up and shuffled into another room.  Gazing at Troll, he added, “Those dreams were about you and your friends.  I’ve dreamt everything.  You meeting Star and then the Dog.  Silverdale.  Al’ber Que.  The battle of Krin.”  He handed the pipe to Troll.
Instantly, his thoughts whisked back to smoking the peace-pipe with the Wachaiti.
Troll inhaled, and the rich smoke filled his lungs with a soothing, buzzing sensation that coursed down his muscles. Stroking his scar, Troll asked, “So, do ye know where I came from?  How this all began?”
“No, my dreams started about where your memories began, wandering the woods until you met the Dog.  Almost like you just awoke into that life one morning.”
Rita returned with an armload of books.  She handed them to Monty and sat down.
Monty flapped a stack of thin, odd books held together by a metal spiral.  He said, “These are my notebooks, where I jotted down a bunch of notes until I was ready to write the actual books.”  He handed them to Troll, and said, “I believe you call these the Nou’heim-Du’tawa.”
Jeffrey sneered, “Wow Prof, I didn’t think anyone still wrote the old-fashioned way.”
Monty replied, “It’s the only way to keep Joshua King out of the loop.”
The Dog said, “But you published two of them already, how does he not know?”
Rita chirped, “Because he did it under a pseudonym.”
Jeffrey said, “Clever.”
Leafing through the pages of notebooks, Troll said, “But they’re unfinished.”  Specks of vibrant color infiltrated his vision, yet he could still see.  Aye, this be good smoke, indeed.
“Yes.  I haven’t dreamt the entire story, at least not yet.  In the world you came from, which is hundreds if not a thousand years from now, the texts are complete.  But in this world, I’ve only dreamt up to the end of book three, you know, upon the bluffs of Krin where you entered the blue door.”
Coughing, Troll asked, “So, ye didn’t know where I went upon entering the door.”
“I knew you came to a time much like my own, but after that, no, not yet.”  He handed Troll the two completed novels.
Troll read the titles of each:  The Chronicles of Dog and Troll Book 1 – Of Dog and Troll, and The Chronicles of Dog and Troll Book 2 – The Diary of Myriam Star.
Monty said, “I’m almost finished writing book three.  And the more I write, the more the dreams continue, and vice-versa.”
Gaze downcast, and running his thumbs over the smooth, vitreous pipe, Troll asked, “So, ye haven’t dreamt of this installment yet?  Where I awake in this God-forsaken realm?”
“No, not yet.  But I will.”
The Dog asked, “Do you know why I’m here?  Why they want me?”
Monty replied, “No, just that you’re part of the Wraith’s plan.  Unfortunately, I don’t know what that is yet.”
A terse moment of silence elapsed.
Monty continued, “But I know why you’re here and Star isn’t.”
Troll said, “Do tell.”
“Because you can’t defeat the Wraith on your own.  Not the Dog.  Not even with the two of you together.  But you, Dog, and Star, your trinity, just might be able to.  You’re here because he wants you to try and stop him, it’s fun for him, it’s like a game.”
Troll asked, “So, then why isn’t Star here.”
Monty replied, “He wants you to try and go back and get her.  Bring her here while he makes the final touches to his ultimate plan.”
Jeffrey scoffed, “That’s impossible.”  He said to Troll, “She’s dead, right?  I mean, you told me he killed her with her own gun.”
Monty said, “Sure.  In the future.  But this is the past.  The Star you know hasn’t even been born yet.  Technically, a person can’t be dead if they’re not even born.”
Troll asked, “Hypothetically, how would one accomplish such a task?”
“Upon the major bluffs, the Wraith told you about thin spots and doors.  He can rip a doorway through the fabric of space-time and go anywhere he chooses.  But there are also thin spots.  Places one can just walk right into another world without even realizing it.  That’s what happened to you.  That’s why Star kept getting lost when you first met her.  Why she thought the scenery constantly changed.  That’s also why you arrived in Al’ber Que ten-and-a-half months after the Dog and your other friends.  You walked through a thin spot that was technically almost a year later.  Had you gone back the exact way you came; you would’ve ended up back in Silverdale just as you left it.”
Troll asked, “What are ye saying?”
Monty opened his mouth to reply.
Instead, the Dog growled, “That means if we go back through the thin spot, we’ll end up on the other side of the door upon the major bluffs.”
Clasping his hands together with an audible slap, Monty exclaimed “Exactly!”
Troll uttered, “But I don’t remember where I came through.  Even if I did, I’d have no idea how to navigate this world.”
The Dog said, “No, but I remember where I came through.”
Jeffrey chimed, “Yeah, I still got the tablet that shows it.  There’s just one problem, we can’t go back into the city.”
Troll asked, “Why not?”
“My credits been cut off.  I couldn’t even buy more groceries at the market, and as soon as someone scans me, or tries to scan you, that’d be the end of our plans.”
Monty said, “Joshua King can track people via tablet and their scanner chips, and if your credits been cut-off--”
Rita muttered, “It’s only a matter of time before they come beating down the door.”
Jeffrey combed his fingers through his hair, and said, “I already thought about that.  And what Prof. Barnam said makes sense.  I don’t think they want to detain us.  I think they want to fuck with us.  I think they want us to try and meddle with their plans.  Otherwise, we’d already have been locked up and the key thrown away.”
Monty said, “Yes, but they only want Troll and the Dog.  All others--”
Troll blurted, “Shall fall by the waste-side.  Aye, I remember.”
Jeffrey said, “But I’m with you guys.  I’m part of this.”
Troll replied, “Aye, ye did have a part to play.  But as the Wraith would say, perhaps ye’r part is drawing to a close.”
Rita said to Monty, “Maybe we could hide them at our flat until we figure something out.  After all, no one’s looking for us.”
The Dog said, “No.  We shouldn’t chance going back into the city until we’ve got a plan.”
Fingers interlaced, Troll asked Monty and Rita, “Are ye really that eager to join us?  We’ve already lost so many and so much.”
Monty and Rita exchanged a glance.  Monty said, “Like I said, I don’t know what the Wraith’s plan is.  But I know it’s bad, really bad.  It’s not just the fate of the world that’s at stake here, but all worlds, all of existence.”
Rita took Monty’s hand, and said, “We’re with you.”
Jeffrey chimed, “Me too.  I ain’t done too much with my life, but I think this is something that’s worth fighting for.”
Troll said, “Very well, then how do we do this?”

****

Joshua held out his flute of bubbling champagne within his manicured fingers, and said, “Cheers to a job well done.”
Anne delicately clinked her glass off his, and parroted, “Cheers.”  ‘Though she bit her bottom lip and didn’t meet his gaze.
He asked, “Something the matter?”
“Do you really think the general will try and come back to confiscate materials and detain the people on the project?”
“I highly doubt it.  We’ve broken no laws.  We were assigned a very specific task, and despite our best efforts, it just didn’t go as expected.  No one’s at fault here.  Frankly, I think we should all be proud, you especially.  No one else in the entire world could’ve come as close as we did.  Believe me, I know.”
After their brusque afternoon with Gen. Schertzing, Joshua invited Anne out to dinner in celebration of their accomplishments and bid fare-well to project Vulcan.  She returned to her suite to freshen-up while Joshua and Lilith fornicated all over the small, oblong coffee table in his office.
He met Anne around seven at the private room of his restaurant, Le Maison Noir.  The room was small, quaint, and dimly lit by chandelier.  The brickwork and tablecloth fashioned in black.  A round table had been constructed amidst a booth of oak and leather.
They conversed almost entirely in French during their previous visit, but tonight Anne said very little, and when she did, she spoke English.
Head down, shoulders hunched, she seemed distant that evening, not her usual beaming self.
Strange, he thought she wasn’t afraid of anyone or anything.
But everyone feared something.  Perhaps hers was incarceration; where she wouldn’t get to spread her metaphorical wings and fly.  No more traveling.  No more music.  No more anything.
He could’ve told her not to worry, he could’ve offered her platitudes.  Instead he asked, “How’s your friend?”
“Hmm, what?”
“Your friend you were telling me about, you know, the doctor, how is she?”
“Oh, she’s fine.”  A reminiscent gleam spangled her brown doe-eyes.  She chuckled, “She says I’ve changed.”
“Have you?”
“Of course.  Who doesn’t?  It’s the one universal constant.”
“What’s that?”
“The only thing that stays the same, is that everything changes.”
He poured himself another glass, and said, “I’ll drink to that.”  Then he tippled from his flute while she barely sipped at hers.  “So, what are you going to do now?  Write another book?  Finish your album?”
“I honestly don’t know.  It seems like going back to my old life is the most obvious choice.  But that’s the thing, it is my old life.  Mary-Anne was right.  I have changed.  I’ve dabbled in molecular physics, and you know what, I kinda liked it.  Maybe I’ll go back to school, or something, I don’t know.”
“Well, if you ever need a collegiate recommendation just let me know.  Any thoughts on where you’d go?  Would you stay in New York or move somewhere else?”
“I don’t know, like I said, it’s just a thought.  Why so curious about where I’m going or what I’ll be doing?”
“I kind of liked the fact that you liked working with me.  And if it’s not too bold of me to say, I think I’d miss you when you’re gone.”
He almost cringed.  Almost.
Blushing and donning a brilliant smile (yet still unable to meet his gape), she said, “Thanks.  And it’s not too bold of you.  But no matter where I go or what I do you can always zoom me.”
“I know, but it’s not the same.  So impersonal.  Honestly, I think the more we advance in technology, the more our race separates from each other.”
“I know exactly what you mean.”
They gazed at each other a moment as a preternatural sensation tingled throughout his corporal form -- affection.
He almost shivered.  Almost.
He set the flute upon the table, steepled his fingers, and said, “I know you’re juggling quite a few options, but may I suggest another?”
“Sure, okay.”
“Why don’t you come work for me.  Permanently.”

****

Troll stood before the three-tier turtle fountain in Gramercy Park; Star’s compass in one hand and his ever-trusty staff in the other.  The Dog crouched beside him while the others huddled several feet behind.
Monty held something called a video camera pressed to his face to document the expedition.
Jeffrey wanted to record it on his tablet, as well.  But they all thought better of it once Rita mentioned the information might get leaked.  After all, that’s exactly how Jeffrey came to believe Troll’s story; when it fell into just the right hands.
After much collusion, they all decided the best course of action was to return to the city that very night.
Monty and Rita furnished the back of Officer Jessip’s van with pillows and sleeping bags, yet it did little so soothe the aching in Troll’s bones.
Jeffrey and Rita sat in the front seat, softly singing along with the radio.  Monty rode in the back with Troll and the Dog; clicking away at something he referred to as a laptop.
The Dog crouched on his haunches and gazed out the window.
At one point, Troll asked Monty, “What are ye writing?”
“The beginning of book four.”
Troll asked, “I thought ye’d yet to dream it?”
“I don’t really need to, you already told me all of it.”  Gazing up from the screen, he smiled, and said, “Hopefully this will help me to start dreaming again.”
Breaking in song, Jeffrey asked, “I thought you said the dreams only started after you moved to the cabin?”
“They did,” replied Monty, “That’s when they started.  But I also dream the stories in other places.”
Jeffrey said, “Tell me something, Professor, Troll told me that when you first met him in your backyard, you said you didn’t really look like your alternate.”
“That’s true.”
“But how did you know?”
“Because I’ve dreamt of Montalvo, and he doesn’t look that much like me.  More like we could be related.”
“No, but I mean, how did you know you were an alternate if you hadn’t dreamt book four yet?”
Monty shrugged, and said, “I just sort of…knew.  I felt it.  I can’t really explain it any better than that.”
Nodding, Jeffrey said, “Uh-huh.”  But refrained from any follow-up questions.
At one point, Monty ceased clicking the keyboard, looked up at Troll, and said, “I almost forgot.  And this is important.  When you go back to get Star, you can’t change anything else.”
Troll asked, “What do ye mean?”
“Everything will have to transpire the way it originally did.  Krin has to fall.  You three have to be taken to the bluffs.  The Dog has to be taken.  And you have to go after him.  And I don’t mean you, I mean the old you, the one who’s already there.”
“Then how am I to save Star?”
“I honestly don’t know.  You’ll have to do it right at the last moment, and then find a way to cross back over with her once you and the Dog’s previous selves come here to this world.”
“I don’t understand.  Why can’t I change anything else?”
Monty opened his mouth to reply, but the Dog interjected.
He said, “Or else it will create a paradox.”
Troll said, “What does a pair of ducks have to do with it?”
Monty replied, “Not pair of ducks, paradox.”
The Dog said, “If they don’t take me, and you don’t come after me, that means we won’t come here, and never have gone back for Star.”
“What happens then?”
Monty said, “Nobody knows for certain.  Your current selves might just vanish, disappear from existence without a trace.”
Running a hand down his scar and beard, Troll blurted, “How unfortunate.”
Jeffrey cleared his throat, and asked, “So, how are they supposed to pull this off if they literally can’t change the past?  I mean, doesn’t that kind of defeat the purpose of them going back in the first place?”
Monty replied, “I never said they couldn’t change the past.”
“Really, ‘cause it kinda sounded like that to me.  If Dog is taken first, and then Star’s shot, and then Troll enters the door, how are they supposed to save her?”
“Like I said, I don’t know.  They’ll have to be spontaneous and improvise.”  Monty gazed at Troll, and added, “And another thing, do not come into contact with your former selves.  Don’t warn them of what’s going to happen, because that too could alter the course of history and jeopardize your mission with another paradox.”
Stroking his beard, Troll stared at the Dog, and said, “Perhaps we could warn each other.”
Monty blurted, “No, you can’t do that either.  In order for this to work, your past selves can’t be aware of what’s going to happen.  Everything has to proceed just as it did before.”
The Dog said to Troll, “If we can’t warn each other, maybe we can warn her.  Maybe she can wear some kind of armor or vest that will allow her to survive being shot.  She pretends to be dead, and then you go after me.  Then we stroll out of hiding and the three of us go back through the thin spot together.”
Jeffrey asked, “Yeah, but won’t you guys enter this world on the same time as your past selves?  Wouldn’t it create another paradox?”
Monty said, “I don’t think so.  I think the Wraith planned it this way.  You see, a thin spot will only take you into the adjacent world.  But a door will take you wherever you want to go so long as you think of that place as you enter.  The Wraith ripped a doorway there that led both of you to two different spots.”  He said to Troll, “You told me that you believed the reason you ended up where you did was because you were conflicted, so you entered this realm equidistant between the Dog and Star’s alternate.”
“Aye, I did.”
Monty continued, “Since the Wraith ripped two doorways in the same thin spot, then technically the door should still be there.  As long as you both picture that moment upon the bluffs you should both arrive at the correct location.  Like-wise, when you come back through, as long as you both imagine remerging moments after you left--”
Jeffrey blurted, “And so long as Star thinks of absolutely nothing.”
Monty amended, “Yes, that’s true, she’ll have to keep her mind clear.  But all in all, this should work.  I estimate a success rate of eighty-five-percent.”
Jeffrey sneered, “Not for nothing Professor, but statistics are complete bullshit.  Nine out of fifteen people know that.  In the end, everything’s always fifty-fifty.  Either this will work, or it won’t.”
Troll returned to the here-and-now, as Monty (camera pressed to his face), said, “Okay, we’re rolling.”
Thumbs hooked in his buckle, Jeffrey asked, “Are we sure this is even gonna work?  I mean, this whole plan is entirely theoretical.”
Rita gently rested her hand on his shoulder, and said, “I suppose if it doesn’t then they won’t go anywhere.”
Troll opened the compass in his grasp and stared at the face as the needle slowly vacillated back-and-forth.  He asked the Dog, “Ready?”
The Dog nodded and grunted.
They circumnavigated the fountain until they stood directly face-to-face from the first, and largest, turtle.
“I suppose this is the spot.”
The Dog stepped over the stone rim and sloshed through the water.  Troll did the same.  The water felt frigid, but he’d waded through icier waters than this.  He glanced down and noticed tiny copper coins spangling via ripples and moonlight.
Perchance this a wishing well.
He wished this a successful mission.  And even offered a quick prayer to such.
Dear God,
Please, through the gift of thy grace, allow us to go back and save the woman I love.
There remained more he wanted to say, but couldn’t think of it just then when the only sensation he felt was nerves settling into his bowels, like he needed to defecate.
Slowly waddling through the waters, he silently amended, And please don’t let us fuck this up too badly.
Monty called, “Remember, don’t picture yourselves atop the bluffs when the Wraith brought you there.  You don’t want to arrive at the same spot in which it happens.  Just imagine the bluffs as they are, but at night, so you get there a few hours early.”
Troll pocketed the compass and held out his hand, the Dog took it.  He uttered, “Very well, once more into the breach.”
Troll glanced back at his new friends; instead, he viewed them the way they were:  Montalvo, ‘Ro.  So much pain, so much loss.  Would Monty, Jeffrey, and Rita fall by the waste-side as so many before?  What if this didn’t work?  Would he have to suffer through Star’s death again?  Could he bear it a second time, or would his frail heart simply explode in his barrel-like chest?
Hand-in-hand, Troll and the Dog plodded toward the fountain’s sculpture.  He expected to slam right into it, but they merely passed through the object, and then all faded to a bright, glimmering blue.  Troll experienced the same weightlessness he’d endured during his first trip through the door, and for a moment, he felt no pain, no weariness, or fatigue.
When the light receded, Troll cursorily scanned the surroundings.  His heart sank into the deepest depths of his gullet.  They did not stand upon the major bluffs, but in a field somewhere far from Krin.  And it wasn’t night, t’was day.
Overhead, pillowy clouds drifted docilely across a crystal-blue sky.  A slight breeze smelling of sweet-grass rolled across the plains as trees swayed in the distance.
Aghast, Troll muttered, “I don’t understand.  What happened?  What went wrong?”
Alas, he’d failed -- already.
Where were they?  When were they?
He retrieved Star’s compass and opened the clasp protecting the face.  The needle dithered endlessly.  He turned around and the instrument pointed directly behind him; at the thin-spot.
He said, “Well, at least we know our way back.  Perhaps we should cross back over and try again.  What say ye?”
The Dog sat on his haunches; eyes closed; head craned.  His elongated ears twitched this-way-and-that as he constantly sniffed the fragrant air.  Then he popped to his feet and marched toward the woods off in the distance.
Troll asked, “Where are ye going?”
“North,” replied the Dog.
“Why north?”
But the Dog answered not.
“Wait, do ye know where we are?”
Pivoting, the Dog stared at him with evergreen-eyes, and said, “Yeah, I do.”

****


4

Troll uttered, “I can’t believe it.  I just can’t.  It looks exactly as I remember it.”  He and the Dog hunkered low atop a hill so as not to be seen.  Utilizing his viewing monocle, Troll observed the quaint camp below of teepees and huts.  The villagers shuffled about their daily errands as a fire pit smoldered amidst the center of the encampment.
The Dog said, “Not exactly.  I remember a small stream trickling through the village, now the stream seems bigger, almost like a creek.”
Troll followed the Dog for a few hours as he led him through thick forestry and tangled bramble.  All the while the Dog used his remaining gauntlet to cut down any troublesome shrubberies.  The two now crested a tall hill overlooking a pleasant valley below.
Troll asked, “What do ye mean?”
The Dog replied, “You’re right.  That is the Wachati’s camp, but I don’t think it’s the way we left it.  I think it’s before we arrived.”
“I apologize my friend, but I still don’t understand.”
The Dog growled, “What were you thinking of when we walked through the thin-spot?”
Troll replaced the monocle within his cloak, and said, “Why, Krin, and my beautiful Star.”
“No, you didn’t.  I pictured the bluffs at night, without us.  If you imagined yourself there too, and with Star, then we should’ve arrived exactly where we were told not to.  What did you think of?  What’s the last thing you saw?”
Troll uttered, “Montalvo.”
“Montalvo’s dead.”
“Aye, I meant Monty.  I looked back and pictured our friends not as who they are today, but as they were, and wondered how many more of our comrades we’d have to lose before all this mess is over with.  Why?”
“I think I know exactly where we are.”
“Please, indulge me.”
“Do you remember the first time we met the Wachati, how they said two travelers matching our description visited them almost fifty years before we did?”
“But of course.  They proclaimed us as reincarnations of their heralds.”
“I think it actually was us.  I think at the time, we just hadn’t done it yet.”
Troll ran a hand down his scar and beard, and muttered, “I see.  Well, as enlightening and informing as that tid-bit of information is, I still say we go back through the thin-spot and try again.”
“No, you don’t understand.  We can’t.”
“And why is that, pre-tell?”
“Because we did this.  So, we have to do it.  Otherwise it might change the future and we were warned not to change anything except what happens to Star.”
Troll grumbled, “We don’t have time for this.”
“Of course, we do.  We have nothing but time.  We just need to go down there, kill their demon in the woods, teach them how to do it, and then go back through the thin-spot and arrive moments after we left.”
“Regrettably, I’m not in the mood to slay monsters, unless of course it’s Joshua King, but we need Star for that.”
“I know.  But if we don’t do this the Wachati won’t remember us.  We’ll never hunt with them.  They’ll never run us out of the village, and we might never meet Star.  Then, not only will she still die, but you won’t even remember her.”
“That’s absurd, I could never forget her.”
“Think about it, what’s the last thing we did before Star found us in the tavern.”
“We traveled as I trained thee.”
“Yes, but we avoided the river because you were leery of the Wachati coming after us after we came back to camp with the chief’s dead body.  If that doesn’t happen, then our past selves will continue to follow the river, leading us away from the town where we later met Star.”
Shit.  He was right.
Troll ruminated over entering the town where they met Star:  Dog startling the horses as Troll laughed.  Scaring the children whom (at first), he presumed deaf-mutes, and then of course, Dog mocked him in turn.  He pondered whether or not he’d ever see the Wachati again, and thusly, Montalvo.  Unfortunately, he was right on both accounts.
His heart throbbed will a dull, awkward cadence as he pressed a palm to his chest.
The Dog didn’t bother asking if he was alright.
No-doubt, the Dog sensed his weakening condition.
Troll blotted the sweat beading his brow, and said, “I’m not sure I have the strength to battle demons right now.”
The Dog gazed at him.  A brilliant, golden fire burned within his spangling irises.  He said, “I do.”
“Ah, so for once ye intend on being the man and I the beast.”
“If that’s what it takes.”
“I trust ye have a plan.”
“Sure.  I’m just gonna do what you normally do.”
“What’s that?”
Shrugging, the Dog replied, “I’ll wing it.  You know, just do a lot of talking and pretend I know what I’m doing.”
Troll laughed.  It’d been a long time since he’d done so, but it felt great; like his old self again, before he stricken with heartaches and ailments.
He said, “Very well, lead the way.  Let us be done with this business so we can return…”  He almost said “home”.  But alas, Troll and the Dog had no home.  Perchance they never did.  He amended, “…So, we can save Star.”

****

Dog and Troll sat in the dark and staunch smoker’s hut along with a very young Chief Wiccado and three other tribal elders.  It wasn’t the same domicile where the two held conclave with the natives a little over a year ago, but quite similar.  Also, unlike before, they didn’t don flowery adornments made by giggling children (although the elders still wore war paint and the jewelry of their ancestors.)
The Dog sensed darkness as soon as the two ambled into the village.  And they were not greeted with friendly smiles and open arms.  The natives all carried spears, bows, tomahawks, and other things of the like.
At one-point Troll leaned over and whispered to the Dog, “I remember the chief telling us about arming the entire village and sending out hunting parties that never returned.”
The Dog growled, “I remember him saying that only pissed-off the creature in the woods.”
“I, as well.”
As they approached the center of the village, the natives gathered around them; following them and glaring at them with dour, mistrusting faces.
A tall, muscular warrior approached.  Holding a spear (but not brandishing it in a threatening manner), he said, “Stop.  Who are you?  What do you want?”
Utilizing their native language, the Dog informed them they merely weary travelers hoping to break bread and gain shelter for the night.
Troll asked, “Have ye always been able to speak their language?”
“Of course,” uttered the Dog.  “Do you have any idea how long I’ve lived?  I’m fluent in all languages.”
“So, ye understood what everyone said the first time we here?”
Gazing up at Troll, the Dog replied, “Technically, this is the first time we were here.”
“Aye, all this time-travel business gives me a headache.  Perhaps we shouldn’t mention it.”
The Dog shot him a look that said, “We can’t tell them anything.  We can’t chance altering the future.”
A young man in his mid-twenties strode forth and said something.  The man wore leather pants and a vest with large stitching.  His long, jet black-hair tied back in braids.  The sun beamed off his broad, swarthy face.
The Dog translated, “You two speak without speaking.”
Troll leaned over and whispered, “That’s him, that’s the chief.”
The Dog uttered, “I know.”
The chief continued, “You seem like men of peace, yet you carry many weapons.  Beady gape narrowed, he stared at the Dog, and amended, “You especially.”
Troll asked the Dog, “What did he say?”
“He says I’m carrying a lot of weapons.”
“Tell them it’s because ye’r my body-guard, my protector.”
He did.
The natives guffawed in thunderous laughter.
The Dog growled, “I don’t think they believed that.”  He called to the natives, “It’s true, I am his protector, and a great hunter.”  He held a hand out toward Troll, and said, “The cloak my companion wears belonged to a bear, and his clothes are fashioned from the many deer I’ve slain.”
Head slightly canted, the chief crossed his arms, and said, “His clothes may have come from great animals, but they are tattered and torn.”
The Dog replied, “I am a hunter and a warrior, not a seamstress.”
The chief snorted, “Every hunter and warrior within this tribe is just as good with a weapon as they are with a needle and thread.”
“Then we are honored to meet you, obviously there is much we can learn from your ways.”
Brow cocked, the chief asked, “What do white men know of our ways?”
“Only that you’re good, humble people who love the Earth and only take what is your fair share.  My companion and I also live similar lives.”
Troll asked, “What’s going on?  What are ye talking about?”
Dog replied, “Don’t worry, I’ve got this under control.”  Glancing at Troll’s cloak once more, an idea suddenly popped into his head.
No-doubt, one Troll would naturally think of.
Dog called to the chief, “And we have brought you a gift.”
The chief stared at them with suspicion-glazed eyes for a long, hard moment before finally inviting them into the smoker’s hut.
Troll asked, “What did ye say to him?”
The Dog replied, “I told them you brought them a gift.”
“Gift, what gift?”
“You still have the bottle of bourbon stashed in your cloak, right?”
“Aye,” replied Troll.
Dog, Troll, and the four elders sat in a circle and shared a peace pipe, but this time the Dog didn’t gasp and gag when toking from the elongated and encaustically decorated pipe.  Then, Troll produced the bottle of whiskey and passed it around the group.  Some of the natives gagged when tippling from the bottle, but they swallowed the acrid beverage with distorted frowns upon their faces.
The chief said something to Troll, and Dog translated.  “He says it’s good fire-water.  The bottle interests him, it’s unlike anything he’s ever seen before.  He wants to know where you got it from.”
Troll asked, “Should I tell him the truth?”
“I wouldn’t,” replied the Dog.
“Tell him t’was a gift from a friend, from a place far from here.”
The Dog relayed the message to the chief.
The chief nodded.
Troll said, “Ask him if it would be all right if we stayed the night here at the camp.”
He did.  The chief spoke as Dog translated.  “He says we shouldn’t stay the night.  He says an evil has befallen the village, one that comes under the cover of darkness.”
One of the natives began to speak, but the chief raised a hand, halting the elder’s yammering.
The Dog continued, “But he also says that we are guests, and if we choose to stay the night, no one will force us to leave.  But once again, he recommends that we don’t.”
Troll said, “Thank him for the advice, but we are weary and have no place else to retire for the evening.  And that we’d gladly aid them in dispensing with their demon.”
The natives must’ve recognized the word “demon” because their collective gapes bulged and their tawny faces grew taut and sullen.
The elders prattled nervously before the chief raised another hand; silencing them once more.
Glaring at Troll, the Dog said, “He says he didn’t mention any demon, and wants to know how you knew of their plight.”
As if the question completely absurd, Troll shrugged, and scoffed, “What other sort of evil would befall them beside some plaguing demon?”
The Dog translated.
The chief sat there a moment before nodding again.
Dog shot Troll a look that said, “Fast thinking.”
Troll murmured, “I have me moments.”  Then he tippled from the bottle and passed it around for another round.
The Dog did not imbibe.  No point.  Alcohol had no effect on him.
The chief continued, and the Dog translated.  “Because we are humble of soul, and shared a peace pipe and fire water we are and shall forever remain friend to the Wachati.  But he begs us to leave, go back the way we came, and get as far away from the village before nightfall.”
Troll replied, “Tell him I’d love to go back the way I came, but sadly I cannot until our business here done.”
The Dog’s response came as another cross-glance in Troll’s general direction.
Flapping a hand in the air, Troll snorted, “Fine, fine.  Tell him we’ll leave first thing in the morning.  For we are hungry,” Troll rubbed his stomach.  “And very tired,” then he yawned and stretched his massive arms.
The elders bickered among themselves.  The chief raised both hands and repeatedly told the others to calm down.  They settled.
Dog translated, “You don’t understand.  We don’t want you here.  We don’t want your blood on our hands.”
Nodding, the chief ran his index-finger across his other palm with a slicing motion, and said (in English), “No blood on hands.”
Troll leaned toward the chief, and asked, “My friend, do ye speak my tongue?”
“Some.”
Running a hand down the left side of his face, Troll said, “I see.”
The chief reiterated, “You friend.  But you go.  You go now.”
Troll pounded his chest, and declared, “We no afraid.”
The Dog said to Troll, “Don’t…don’t do that.”
“Do what?”
“Talk like that.  It’s offensive.  Just speak how you normally do.”  Nodding toward the chief, he amended, “He understands you.”
“Very well.”  Troll said to the chief, “I appreciate ye’r concern, but t’is true, we are not afraid.  And if ye want us to get out of here before dusk, then I’m afraid it’s too late of the hour.  I estimated the hour to be late afternoon when we first arrived in your village.  So, if you won’t forcibly make us leave, then we shall stay until the morn’, and then take our leave.”
The chief’s head dipped in despair.  He whispered something in his native tongue so low that only the Dog heard it.  He said, “You won’t live to see dawn.”

****

Journal entry,
The day draws to a close upon the first night of our failed mission to save Star.  But is it failed?  We’re here because we’ve already done this.  So, if we’re doing it now, that must mean we’re on the right track.  Right?  Alas, dear journal, I knoweth not.  All this time-travel business boggles the mind.  T’is enough to drive a man to insanity.  Once again, I ponder, perhaps this the Wraith’s plan for me.  To drive me mad.  But I digress.
Despite the chief’s hesitance we’ve decided to stay (because we literally can’t leave until we’ve accomplished our task), and even though this decision was met with a round of bitter glances toward the chief, as good as his word, no one has physically attempted to make us leave.  ‘Though secretly I wish they would.  But as I said, dear journal, the consequences could be dire if we were to be removed from the village.  Just as the Dog pointed out, if we leave now, we may never even meet Star, and despite all the loss I’ve endured, that is one burden my heart simply can’t take.  The Dog assures me that if that happens then I won’t even remember her, won’t remember her kiss, her embrace, though deep down, I think I’ll always remember.  I know it sounds impossible, that’s just how I feel.  I wish I could change it.  But I can’t.
After exiting the smoker’s hut, the chief escorted us back to his tent to share a meal and introduce his family to us.  His wife, Kimama (which means butterfly), seems lovely, but I remember the chief telling us before (on our first visit, or perhaps the second, I’m not entirely sure) he had three wives and sixteen children, so I was reluctant to get too chummy with people I know are doomed to die.  His eldest son, Wynono (which means, first born), left with the hunting party this morning and has yet to return.  They won’t.  But of course, I can’t tell the chief that.  His second eldest Zaltana (high mountain), was lured away by the demon in the woods.  The chief has five more children, a girl by the name of Haiwee (dove), and four boys, Motega (new arrow), Ohanko (wreckless), Lonato (flint), and Dichali (speaks a lot).  All of which are destined to die a gruesome and horrible death, and my heart would weep for them could I shed a single tear for the departed, but alas, I cannot.  My pain seems too prodigious among the faces of others.  Naturally, Tecumseh hasn’t even been born yet.  Neither has Montalvo, for that matter.
I am confounded.  Before we entered the thin-spot, I looked back at Monty and pictured him as Montalvo.  But Montalvo isn’t here.  So, why did we arrive fifty years before our previous visit?  It just doesn’t make sense.  The Dog thinks the Wraith planned this, and I would begrudgingly agree.  But why?  To what end?
Alas, dear journal, perhaps this one riddle I’m never meant to solve.  I keep asking God for guidance and praying for answers, but as per usual, the good Lord remains mute on the subject.

Just like his initial venture with the Wachati tribe, Troll’s recordings were cut short by shouts, screams, and the rushing of plodding feet.  Heart racing arrhythmically in his chest, he stashed the journal within his cloak pocket and raced out of the tent (an abandoned tepee allotted to him and the Dog; the former occupants devoured by the demon in the woods).  He pulled the flap so hard it ripped free from the cloth veneer.  He glanced around.  Warriors wielding the weapons of their Cree, dashed haphazardly about the tall reeds.  Total bedlam.
Where was the Dog?
Instantly he whisked back to his first night with the Wachati.  The Dog emerging from the chief’s tent while he regaled the tribal children with a tale of an ancient flood.  Sharing a peace pipe with Wiccado, Tecumseh, Montalvo and the other elders.  Wearing floral adornments made by the children.  Writing in his journal to the songs of crickets.  The terror that soon ensued thereafter.
His heart thumped so rapidly it felt as though someone bludgeoning him from inside his pectoral.
Gripping his staff so tight his knuckles turned white, he placed his other palm on his chest, and uttered, “Steady, Lord, steady.”
Blood-curdling screams emanated from the center of the camp; toward the bonfire that always smoldered even during the brightness of day.  He hurriedly hobbled toward that direction.
Scrippity-rickity-clickity-scrack
He whirled around so fast he certain his feet would falter.  But he managed to stand his ground.  Just over yonder, something skittered behind a row of tents, but he couldn’t see it.  Too dark.
He clutched his medallion, and prayed, “Lord be with me.”
Scrippity-clickity-rickity-crack
He pivoted the other direction and caught a glimpse of long, spindly legs coated with spines and bristles.  But then it was gone.
Troll bellowed, “Dog to me.”
But come, the Dog did not.
Why?
Would it alter the future?
Did the cur know something he didn’t?
If so, why would the Dog hold such dire information from him?
A lone, warbling shriek rose above the cacophony of screams; it sounded like someone gargled on their own blood.  Then a flayed tribesman sprinted past Troll.
His heart erratically pounded in his chest.  The wind seemed to rush out of his lungs.  He felt weak and febrile.  Then he collapsed to his knees shivering in cold sweats and clutching his tightening breast.  Hyperventilating, he knelt there as his heart steadied and the perspiration beading him froze from the night’s chill air.
Then he remembered something the chief said as an old man: “I have faced death by this demon nearly every encounter, and every time the beast would kill a member of my family or tribe over me, drinking from my pain and growing ever stronger.”
Troll gasped, “My God.  Kimama.”
His thoughts centered on the chief’s family; Troll shuffled back the way he came.  His heart beat so fast he certain the organ would spontaneously combust.
He raced toward the chief’s tent.  All seemed quiet.  He peeled back the flap and peered inside.  Wiccado’s children were slaughtered; disemboweled, flayed, and macerated.  The chief’s wife, Kimama, quivered on the floor as she clutched her swelling throat.  She appeared bloated, skin turning blue, and the veins in her face and arms turned a necrotic black.
Scrick-a-rick-a-rack
Something bulbous flitted in the gloom and then scurried underneath the canvased wall.  Troll vomited.  He tried not to.  But he did.
He knelt there; panting.  Then a low sobbing softly arose.
Shivering, he crawled inside the tent, and whispered, “Who is there?”
The blubbering abruptly stopped.
“Come now, have no fear.  Come out.”
A rustling sounded, followed by a weeping child rushing into Troll’s arms.
Blinking in the dim, Troll brushed the child’s long hair, and asked, “Who is that?”
The chief’s sole remaining daughter murmured, “Haiwee.”
He embraced the child, and whispered, “Shh, don’t look.  Don’t look.”  He meant to say, “Don’t look at ye’r family.”  But he didn’t know their language.  Even if he did, he didn’t know if he even possessed the mettle.
Click-a-scrip-a-scrap
Something big formed in the tent wall; as if something pressed its face into the canvassed veneer from the outside.
The child moaned and whimpered; clawing at Troll’s deer-skinned shirt.
But he couldn’t move.  For the first time in his life, he was petrified.  His pulse galloped faster.
Where was the chief?   Where was the Dog?
Barbed, spindly legs tore through the cloth façade as the creature outside hissed and clacked its mandibles.
Just where in the green-hell was the chief?
Cradling the girl in his arms, Troll rose to his feet, swept his staff through the air, and proclaimed, “Do not enter, ye foul beast.  For, I am a servant of the one-true God, and this girl be’eth under my protection!”
Outside, the monstrosity roared a warbled yaw and pressed its head deeper into the fabric walls.
Troll roared, “Do not test me, demon, for ye shall fail.”  But he felt faint, dizzy.
The girl in his arms cried louder as she desperately clawed at him; no-doubt looking for a place to hide.
Perchance he could stash her in his cloak.
An orangish light blossomed from outside, and Troll made out the silhouette of a spider-looking abomination.
The creature hissed and shrieked, “Screeeeeeeeee!”
Then it skittered away.
Serrated blades cut through the walls.  Brandishing a torch, the Dog slouched inside, and growled, “Who is that?”
Haiwee crying on his shoulder, Troll replied, “The chief’s daughter.”
“You saved her?” asked the Dog.
“Aye,”
“You weren’t supposed to do that.  The chief said he lost his first wife and all his original children before we first arrived.  We’re not supposed to change anything.”
“Perhaps I didn’t.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“Ye said we already did this.”  Glancing at Kimama’s torpid corpse, he hefted Haiwee, nodded toward her, and said, “So, this be already done.”

****

Journal entry,
Oh, where do I begin?  Many of the tribe are dead.  More are still missing.  Mostly the creature attacked women and children, but it also feasted upon the flesh of many warriors.  Some were so badly mangled that they did not survive to see the dawn, although the chief attempted to assuage their agony as best he could with music and medicines.
Chief Wiccado lost his wife and all but one child; a daughter named Haiwee, the second youngest of his kin.
The Dog was most angered by this.  After the beast fled back into the woods, the Dog pulled me aside and gave me a stern lecturing.  He said I violated a direct order, and that, in the past, if he’d ignored an order of mine, I’d have been very perturbed with him.  He’s right.  My, how the Dog is becoming more like me, and I like him.  Before, he was the Pariah, the outcast.  Now it seems he knows more about what’s going on than I ever could.  When I don’t understand something, he does.  When I don’t know what’s going on or where we are, he says, “I do.”  Quite the role-reversal indeed.  Now I understand why the Dog chose to not speak and live as an animal.  Were I in his boots and I known then what I do now, perchance I would’ve forsaken humanity as well.  Too much heartbreak and confusion.  I don’t know how the cur could stand living in a world like that for so long.  I would’ve gone mad.
But I digress.
The Dog was angered with my changing the past.  But I’m not entirely certain I did.  Last night, in the chief’s tent, the Dog snarled, “The chief said he lost his first wife and all his original children before we first arrived.”
But I don’t remember it that way.
The chief (as an old man), informed us that the monster lured children into the woods, and that he’d lost five sons and two daughters to, as he put it, “That terrible march.”
But that’s not what happened.  His eldest son did not return from the hunting party.  Four were fileted by the monstrosity that plagues them.  And one I saved.  Only the chief’s eldest daughter, Zaltana, was lured into the woods by that crackling, siren song.  Was the chief wrong?  Did he lie?  Or was he merely speaking in generalities, as he’d no-doubt lack the desire to elaborate on such horrid details?  Perhaps, our very being here has already altered the future?  But that can’t be, can it?  Everything that transpired would’ve happened the exact same way except for one key factor.  Haiwee is still alive.  But we are here because we’ve already done this.  Which means, in the past or future (of that I’m not plainly sure), I did save her.  Yet the chief (a long, long time ago), explicitly told me that he lost all his original children during the initial skirmish with the demon in the woods, and before our arrival.  Does that mean she’s still doomed to death?  Alas, dear journal, I knoweth not.

****

The Dog sat perched in the same ash tree he did over a year ago (to him).  But the tree was younger now; lusher, more vibrant, and full of leafy petals.  Off in the distance, the Wachati burned corpses from the previous night’s catastrophe.  Usually the Wachati buried their dead.  Perhaps there were simply too many cadavers to immure, or maybe they burned the bodies because they fearful of some lingering evil within the mutilated departed.  The survivors moaned and wailed in tandem with the billowing conflagration.
The wind blew softly, carrying with it a sweet mélange of milkweed and honeydew.
Dog closed his eyes and let his senses pin-point on Troll’s location.  His master ambulated through the tall-weeds, tippling from his bottle of bourbon and softly weeping.  His heartbeat sounded fast, arrhythmic.
But what could the Dog do?
They’d both suffered through great travesty.  What good came from weeping?
Ah, but he forgot, Troll hadn’t lived nearly as long as him, and while his master’s losses seemed too unfathomable to bear, the Dog endured through much worse over the years.
Beth’s tawny, ovoid face materialized within his mind.  Shaking his head, he opened his eyes in hopes of dissipating the reverie.  No use.  Her visage refused to fade.  Her velvety skin that always felt warm to the touch.  Her infectiously, dopey grin.  The way she snorted in laughter.
No.
He couldn’t think of those things.  Not now.
He pounced from the limb and landed upon the grass without making a sound.
He found Troll sitting cross-legged in tall, yellowish weeds that swayed in the gentle breeze.  Troll had stifled his blubbering, but the teary track-marks carved into his dirty face still remained.
Dog asked, “What are you doing?”
Troll sniffled, wiped the lacrimation from his cheeks, and replied, “Brooding, I suppose.”
“How’s that going for you?”
Troll gazed up at him.  Rheum still spangled his gape.  He opened his mouth to retort.  Instead, he merely tippled from the bottle once more.
“Are you drunk?”
“No, not entirely,” slurred Troll.
The Dog crouched on his haunches, stared into Troll’s eyes, and said, “Whenever you’re done feeling sorry for yourself we’ve got work to do.”
“I’m not feeling sorry for myself, I’m in mourning.”
“Over what?”
“All the death.  All the loss.  Will it never end?”
“Death is just a part of life,” replied the Dog, “Everyone dies.  The Wachati, those who perished and those who’ve yet to die, that already happened.  There’s nothing we can do about it.  We can’t change the past.”
A lone tear strolled down Troll’s scarred cheek.  He asked, “And what of Star?”
“What about her?  Technically, from where we are now, she hasn’t even been born yet.”
“And yet, she will die.  Ye said it yerself; everyone is doomed to their demise.”  Glaring at the Dog, he amended, “Except for thee.”
“I’m not human.  You know that.”
Troll suckled from the bottle once more, and replied, “Aye, I suppose I do.”
A terse moment of silence elapsed.  The gentle wind blew once more as the piquant aroma of milkweed and honeydew burgeoned in the air.
Troll asked, “Why the booze?”
Dog did not reply.
Troll reiterated, “Why so insistent on keeping me soused.”
“It was never my intention to keep you drunk.  I just thought you could use a drink or two.  I didn’t know you’d abuse it.  As you once said--”
Wafting his hand, Troll replied, “Yes, yes, everything in moderation.”
“Then why not follow your own advice.”
Troll released an amused huff.  He combed his fingers through his ratty, greasy hair; beads and braids danced and jived.  He ran his hand down his scar and beard, and said, “Unfortunately, I was never good at following my own advice.  Or God’s, for that matter.”
“Maybe there is no God.”
Dog sensed the anger sweltering within Troll; the pulsating heat throbbing through his temples and chest.
Troll staggered to his feet and roared, “Blasphemy!”  He chucked the bottle at the Dog, who batted it away easily enough.
Still crouched on his haunches, the Dog said, “You seem angry.”
“Of course, I’m angry!  These days, I’m always angry.”
“Then why not put it to use.”
“What do ye mean?”
“I’ve spoken to the chief.  He’s agreed to let us help him.”
Troll scoffed, “So what?  What good will it do?”
“We already know how this plays out.  Let’s take all that anger and turmoil and use it to kill this monster.”
Shambling through the tall-grass, Troll sobbed, “What good will it do?  Ye said it yerself, we can’t help these people.  We can’t change the past.”
The Dog replied, “You’re right, we can’t change the past.  But we can help these people because we already did.”
Troll bent over and rummaged through the weeds.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m searching for the bottle of whiskey,” replied Troll.
“I think you’ve had enough.”
“I’ll inform thee when I’ve consumed enough!”  He staggered once more before fetching the bottle from the ground.  “A-ha!”
But alas, t’was empty.
Troll murmured, “Damn it all.”
The wind shifted and suddenly the putrid stench of burning corpses hung prevalently in the air.
Troll covered his mouth as if catching a cough or obscenity and heaved a couple times, but he didn’t vomit.
Dog said, “I thought you’d be used to death by now.”
Wavering in besotted cadence, Troll slurred, “It doesn’t mean I like it.”  He pitched the bottle and plopped his fanny on the tall-grass with an audible thump.  He whimpered, “Why can’t we just go home.”
“Because we don’t have one,” replied the Dog.  “I don’t think we ever did.  You, me, or Star.”
“Then what good is fighting if we have nothing left?”
“Because the fight is all we have left.  Do you think Star would just roll over and die?”
“I’m not Star.”
“You’re damn right you’re not.  She’d kick your ass if she caught you wallowing in self-pity.”
Troll stared up at the Dog.  The acerbic aroma of burning bodies billowed with a gentle gust.  He asked, “When did ye become so loquacious?  When we first met ye said not a word.  But now ye seem wiser than if I’d lived a hundred lifetimes.”
“Maybe I just had nothing to talk about.”
“And now?”
“Now you need a voice of reason.  You’ve strayed from the path.”
“My dear friend, a more solemn truth there was never uttered.”
Thunder rolled off in the distance as cumulonimbus clouds overcast the sky in stony hues.  Then it began to sprinkle.
Troll gazed into the Dog’s gape, and asked, “Do ye really believe we can beat the Wraith?  Do ye really think we can win?”
Dog sat there a moment; pondering the question.
Did he?  Did it even matter?
Dog replied, “I don’t think we have to beat him.  I think we just have to stand up to him and stop whatever it is he’s planning.”
The precipitation fell steadier.  Over yonder, trees swayed from billowing gusts.
Staring at the forest, Troll said, “Storm’s coming.”
“Storm’s already here,” replied the Dog.
“Aye, I suppose so.”
The Dog stood, held out his hand, and said, “Come on, we’ve got work to do and not a lot of time.”
“I trust ye’ve another great machination in mind.”  Sniffling, Troll wiped his nose with his wrist, and added, “But do ye really believe it will work?”
“Yeah, like I said, it already did.”

****

Night.  No stars.  No moon.  The torrential rains pattered off teepees like fat droplets upon church tarp.  It reminded Troll of the deluge that fell upon Silverdale during the rainy season.  The Dog’s plan seemed relatively simple; if one could call it a plan.  To Troll it felt more like captivity.  All the native children, including the chief’s daughter, Haiwee, were tied down; restrained out by the bonfire still blazing amidst the center of the camp despite the pouring rain.  All the rest of the tribe bore arms and hid in the tall-grass as the demon in the woods sang scrip-a-rick-a-crackity.  The children attempted to amble toward that siren song, but they couldn’t due to the fustian confines tethering them at bay.
Despite the driving pelts of precipitation, the night seemed surprisingly sultry.  Yet Troll shuddered anyway.
Probably just the shakes due to alcohol withdrawal.
The chief murmured something.
Dog translated, “He’s wondering if this is going to work.”
“Aye,” replied Troll, “I was just pondering the same notion.”
His head ached and his heart felt burdened by a weight he could no longer fathom.  But he must stay vigilant, if not for the Wachati, then for Star.  After all, if he wanted to see her again, then things must proceed exactly as they did before.
Crack-a-lack-a-screee
The beast sounded closer.
Probably wondering why the children weren’t obeying its call; if such a creature actually did think, that is.
He didn’t know.
The wind howled.  The trees swayed in tandem with the breeze.  Troll could have sworn he heard something else stirring amongst them as well, but it might have just been the throbbing in his pulsating temples.
The Dog whispered, “It’s here.”
Troll’s heart skipped an arrhythmic beat.
The chief called out in his foreign tongue and waved a hand through the air.
The Dog said, “He’s telling them to make ready.”
Troll muttered, “Aye, that I understood.”
Off to the right, men screamed and were sent flying through the air.  The chief commanded his men in that direction.  Troll’s feet faltered and he nearly fell to the ground, but the Dog was right there to catch him.
Funny, he never imagined Dog had the strength to support his hefty frame.  It reminded him of the many times he caught Star as she nearly tumbled to the ground.
Troll patted the Dog’s shoulder, and said, “Thank ye, my friend.”
By the time they reached the site of carnage, all they found were skewered and mangled bodies; blood and guts littered the already bedraggled grass.  Troll thought he saw something skittering through the weeds, but it might have just been the wind.
Troll pressed a palm to his racing chest, and said to the Dog, “My friend, I don’t think I can do this.”
The Dog replied, “Of course you can.  Like I keep telling you, we already did this.”
Troll wiped the drenched locks, braids, and beads from his forehead, and said, “Yes, yes, for certain ye have.”
More men cried out in the distance but by the time they got there all they found were macerated corpses and nothing more.
The chief hollered in his native tongue.
Troll didn’t have to speak the language to know the translation.  He bellowed, “The chief is right, we need a new strategy or we’ll all be slaughtered one-by-one.”
The Dog said, “We’re being drawn-out.  We need to get back to the children.”
More men screamed.  Then, there resounded a cacophony of angry shouts.  Arrows strafed down upon their position.  Troll took two bolts to the shoulder before the Dog drove him to the ground.  The Dog stood his ground and took a chest-full of arrows, which he quickly pried out before the flesh surmounting them could heal and encapsulate the objects within his torso.
Troll cried, “To the children.”
The chief yelled something over the driving wind; no-doubt reiterating his command.  Then the chief, tribe, Troll, and the Dog raced back to where the children were held in bondage.
Scrick-a-lack-a-scree
Was it too late?  No.  Impossible.  They’d already done this.  Right?  But if they changed anything; one-minute detail, then all would be for naught.
The only problem was, from Troll’s perspective, he hadn’t endured any of this yet, and thusly, didn’t know what would happen or how he should act.  All he knew; all he felt, was the throbbing within his weakening breast.
“Dog, to me,” he cried.
But the Dog was already racing alongside him.
Scrippity-rickity-crackity
The chirping seemed to resonate from Troll’s skull.  But he knew it didn’t.
Heart galloping, he gasped, “My friend, what is happening.”
“Don’t worry,” replied the Dog as he ran alongside him, “I know what I’m doing.”
He prayed that true.  But alas, he just didn’t know.
More men shrieked against the driving rain.
Was this really the way things happened?  The way they were supposed to transpire?
Once again, they found more remains of blood, guts, and mutilated cadavers; but no sign of the monster.
Troll stumbled once more, but found his footing with the aid of his ever-trusty staff.
He uttered, “I’m never drinking again.”
Perchance that the very reason why the Dog kept allotting him booze.  T’was his decision to stop drinking.  Well, now he had one.
He couldn’t go on like this; soused.  Not if he intended on killing the monster; not if he intended on besting the Wraith.
Troll’s heart palpitated.  His skin felt hot and flushed.  He sweated despite the driving rain.  He stopped, bent over, and heaved, but nothing came out but acrid stomach acid; and when he done, his tongue still tingled from the taste of it.  His right foot sank ankle-deep in thick mud and his thoughts whisked back to Star’s tale of almost drowning in Mortis-mud.  Once again, the Dog hauled him to his feet.
Crouched on his haunches, the Dog glared into his gape, and growled, “Are you done?”
“No,” replied Troll, “Not by any means.”
“Good, then get up.  This is the last time I’m going to tell you.”
Nodding, Troll said, “Aye.  I understand.”
When they returned to the center of the village the tribe halted.  The children just stood there, tottering in place, as if intoxicated.  Troll spied Haiwee and the blank, expressionless look painting her face; as if she entranced.  Still no sign of the creature.  Troll tore the arrows from his shoulder and chucked them into the weeds.  Crimson rivulets streamed down his arm but the wounds weren’t deep.  Luckily, he still a beast of a man, but a dying one at that.
The chief barked his commands over the driving rain.
Troll meant to ask the Dog what he was saying, but before he could, the Dog asked, “Do you still have any flash-powder?”
“Aye,” replied Troll, “Why?”
“Remember the first time we killed the spider?”
“For certain.  But t’was not us that killed the beast, t’was a bolt of lightning.”  Troll cupped a hand over his eyes to protect them from the torrential showers, gazed up at the sky, and said, “Unfortunately, there doesn’t appear any tonight.”
The Dog said, “So, let’s make some.”
The creature pounced out of the darkness; flailing its long, spindly legs and sent men screaming and sailing through the air.
The beast looked exactly as Troll remembered it:  A behemoth spider with spikes and barbs protruding from its exoskeleton and a red skull marking its backside.  Greenish guck oozed from massive, clacking mandibles.  It’s many, multifaceted (yet somewhat humanoid), gaze dithered back and forth as it inspected its prey.  Men and women bearing spears and tomahawks charged, but the monstrosity cut them down with its legs or tore them to shreds with large fangs.
The Dog loaded his gauntlet.  Three serrated blades popped forth with an audible ka-shink.  He fetched the sword riding in the scabbard of his back-plate and leapt upon the creature.  He landed atop the beast’s abdomen and drove the sword down.
Screeee!
The monster kicked and bucked like an enraged mule but couldn’t knock the Dog from his perch.  Utilizing his gauntlet, the Dog slashed at the beat but couldn’t seem to break its shell.
Troll needed to do something.  Now.
He hobbled toward Haiwee and smacked her across the face.  Not hard, but hard enough to wake her from her spell.  She glanced around.  But before she could speak, Troll untied her from her tether and carried her toward the still roaring bonfire.  With both hands, he grabbed her by the waist, hoisted her above his head, and cried, “Here, demon!  Is this not what ye want?”
Scip-scrap-screeeee!
The monster swatted the tribesmen away and skittered toward Troll with unimaginable speed.  Troll raced around the bonfire, keeping the flames between him and the monstrosity.  The Dog still rode its back.
Almost.
The beast charged faster.
Almost.
The spider nearly upon them.  The ooze sputtering from its mandibles splattered the back of his neck.
Not yet.  Not yet.
The beast reared back like a wild stallion.
The Dog roared, “Now, Troll!  Do it now!”
“But--”
“Just do it!”
Troll tossed the girl aside and pitched the bag of flash-powder (all of it), into the fire.
An immeasurable silence elapsed.
Boom
Screeeeeeeeeee!
The explosion knocked Troll (and the tribe), on his ass, but the concussion killed Haiwee.  He didn’t even need to check her pulse.  He could tell by the blood trickling out her nose and ears as she lay there in the grass with dead, listless eyes.
“No!”  The chief sprinted toward his deceased daughter, scooped her up in his arms, and wailed at the very heavens.
Shrieking, the spider flitted off toward the woods; still ablaze.
As if rousing from sleep, the rest of the children tethered around the bonfire awoke and rubbed their collective eyes as the rains descended upon them.  They gawked up at the deluging heavens, as if in disbelief to their surroundings.
The Dog (slightly singed, but no more worse for wear), yelled something in the Wachati’s native tongue.
No-doubt to inform the survivors that the battle far from over.
Dog, Troll, and the bravest of braves dashed after the beast.
The last time Troll faced the spider a bolt of lightning saved them.  And as he plummeted from the cliff into the raging river below, all he heard were the screams of the spiders as they burned alive.  Now all he heard were cries of lament for the departed.  He thought he’d changed the past by saving Haiwee’s life.  But perchance, he the cause of her demise the entire time.

****

The rain incipiently slowed as Troll, the Dog, and a handful of braves chased the spider from the village into the woods.  The sun began to rise, but once inside the tree line all appeared foggy, dim, and murky.
Troll’s heart beat so hard it sent waves of pain coursing through his chest, but he would not relent.  He couldn’t.  Not if he wanted to embrace Star again.
Gaze dithering like a mercurial mountain cat, Troll said, “This seems familiar.”
And it did.  He couldn’t hold back the cerebrations flooding his mindscape of their first hunt into the woods where upon they battled a monstrosity purported as a giant sloth, but resembled anything but.
Fat drops of rain drizzled down from the twisted branches and foliage above.  A keening wind arose and tussled the treetops but down in the forest, they didn’t even feel the breeze.
The Dog barked a few lines of the Wachati’s native tongue and then led them off deeper into the dim.
Troll asked, “Where are ye going?”
The Dog responded by sniffing the air, tapping his nose twice with his index-finger, and then pointing in the direction he intended on taking the braves.
“Would ye really leave me?” asked Troll
“This is where you go on your own,” replied the Dog.  “It’s the way it has to be.”  Then he led the braves (looking not so brave), deeper into the thicket.
For some reason, Troll dreaded the thought of being left alone in these dark woods.  But he swallowed his fear in dry clumps and pressed onward as his sandals squelched through moss and fresh dew.  He ruminated over his first hunt with the chief back when he barely knew the Dog and the cur said not but a word; back when he so headstrong and felt like he could take on the world.  What happened?  What changed?  Had the last couple years really taken such a toll?
Scrippity-scrackity
Troll uttered, “Who is there?”
But alas, he already knew the answer to that particular quandary.
He scanned the deciduous environment but spied nothing out of sorts.
Rickity-Crickity
His heart palpitated ever more.  Sweaty, dizzy, and nearly out of breath, Troll clutched the medallion hanging from his breast.  He stamped his staff into the muddy ground thrice, and roared, “Show yerself, demon!”
A rustling emanated from just over yonder.  Troll pivoted; nearly losing his balance but steadied himself via his ever-trusty staff.
The spider emerged from the brush.  Its shell blistered and burnt; mandibles cracked and oozing puss.  The creature appeared just the way he remembered it from his false memory after first conversing with the Wachati within the confines of the smoker’s tent.
“What do ye want from me demon?”
The spider clicked its fangs.
Scrippity-rickity
But in his mind, Troll heard the monster’s words plain as daises.
Paper-preacher
He pressed a hand to his chest, and asked, “Be ye the Wraith?”
Clickity-clack
No.  I am but a child.  A humble servant.
“What do ye want?”
Rickity-rackity-scrip
To devour the light.
“I am the light,” boasted Troll.
The spider sidled toward him.
Scrip-a-rick-a-lack
No.  You are a fly trapped in my parlor.
“No.  Ye are the vermin caught in my trap.”
Clickity-rickity
Then, vanquish me.  Expel me from this realm.
But alas, he couldn’t.  He knew he couldn’t.  He wasn’t strong enough and his heart could not bear the battle with another demon.
Twitching fangs and mandibles, the spider cackled and gurgled.  Then it scurried closer.
Troll tightened his grasp on his staff, and snarled, “Get thee hence from my vision, low spirit.”
Scrip-a-rick-a-crack
I am no spirit.  And I am not low.  But you are, paper-preacher.
“Consort not ye’r lies with me demon!”
In his mind, Troll heard the Wraith’s words upon his first encounter with the eidolon: “I do not lie.  I have no wish to.  The truth is far too…delicious.”
The spider reared back; raising its legs high above Troll’s head.  Its fangs oozed with greenish gore and twitched with anticipation.
Troll smelled the acrid scent of burning kindling.
A whistling resonated.
Troll whirled around to find the Dog brandishing a bow and flaming arrow; the braves stood behind him.
Dog loosed the arrow, which lodged right into the spider’s many multifaceted (yet slightly humanoid), eyes.
The arrow sizzled and popped a few of the spider’s oculars with greenish muck.  Then the creature pivoted and scurried away as fast as its eight legs could carry it.
Troll blotted the perspiration beading his brow, and gasped, “Thank ye, my friend.  I thought I was alone.”
The Dog replied, “You’re never alone.”  He held out his hand, and Troll took it.
Troll bellowed, “Come friends, we must not let this beastie escape.”
Over many leagues and hours, they raced after the spider; following the trail of trampled brush and fallen trees it knocked over in its wake.
Troll’s leg’s ached and burned, and his chest tightened with each breath, but the Dog and the Wachati appeared unfettered by the trek.
Had he really grown so old he could no longer run without growing winded?
After a while he slogged behind as the Dog led the hunt.
Still they traversed onward; pushing through thick, tangled bramble and forestry.
When Troll felt he could carry on no further they finally emerged from the trees and unto a cliff.  A cliff he recognized.  The very same one from his false memory.  Grass and weeds gave way to earth and rock.  Sequoias and pines swayed off in the distance.  Down below rushed a raging river.  The sun rode high in the sky as a gentle breeze brought with it a melodious mélange.
The Dog neared the cliff edge and peered down as a few pebbles descended into the river below.  He growled, “I think we lost it.”
Troll wheezed, “I’m not so certain of that.”
The Wachati warriors muttered amongst themselves before the Dog barked a few lines in their native language.
Long, spindly legs emerged from the thicket and pierced through the chest of one of the braves.  He screamed as the spider pulled him toward its mandibles and sunk its fangs deep into his neck.  Then the spider dropped him.  He was dead before he even hit the dirt.  The warriors fumbled for their weapons.  But the Dog held out his palm and kept them at bay.
He growled, “I got this.”
The spider lumbered out of the trees; hissing and drooling greenish ooze.  The spider moved swiftly under the cover of darkness, but in direct sunlight it merely labored about, as if weakened.
The Dog unsheathed his gauntlet and sword as the two combatants circled about; squaring off with each other.
Clutching at his tightening chest, Troll murmured, “Get him, boy.”
The spider lurched forward and stamped its forelegs into the ground as dust swirled amidst its appendages.
The Dog swiped his sword and the beastie reared back.  Dog leapt and slashed his gauntlets; emancipating one of the spider’s fangs.
Screee!
The spider covered its face and thrashed wildly about as the Dog bounded to a safe distance.
Rick-a-tick-a-clack
In the hollows of his mind, Troll heard the spider say, “I’ll kill you.  I’ll kill you all!”
Did the Dog hear it?
Alas, now was not the time for questions.
The spider feigned left, and then skittered to the right.  But the Dog was waiting and sliced off one of its hind-legs.
The spider screeched and tumbled backward.  Then the Dog jumped and sank his gauntlet blades deep into the spider’s head.  Then, the creature fell dead.
The Wachati just stood there, staring at the Dog with wide gapes and slack jaws.
Troll dusted the filth from his cloak, and chuckled, “Well, that seemed easy.”
The spider sprang to life and lurched forward, ramming into the Dog, and then Troll before driving the lot of them off the cliff.  Only the Wachati were spared from the plummet.  The fall seemed to last forever as the wind rushed past Troll’s bearded face.  With one last effort, the spider sank its remaining fang into the Al’ber Querian armor riding the Dog’s torso.  Had he not been wearing armor; the fang probably would’ve penetrated straight through the Dog and into Troll.  Luckily, that did not occur.
Troll crashed back-first into the racing waters; knocking the wind out of him and causing his vision to fade as his ears rang with a high-pitched tintinnabulation.  They descended deeper into the abyss.  Troll attempted to swim out from under, but the conjoined weight of the Dog and the spider only drove him further into the murky waters.  Then he lost consciousness.

****

Regurgitating river water, Troll gasped, “What happened?”
Crouching over him, the Dog replied, “I saved you.  Again.”
Troll meant to chuckle but only succeeded with a raspy hacking.  For some reason it reminded him of Mayor Godfrey back at Silverdale.  He glanced about.  He laid in the weeds a few meters from the river bank and under the cover off tall standing trees.  He could barely make out the cliff’s edge above.  He asked, “And the Wachati braves who were with us?”
“They probably think we’re dead.”
“But we’re not.  We must go back and inform them.”
“No.  Remember what the chief told us when we first met him as an old man.  Two people fitting our description showed them how to vanquish the demon in the woods but died in battle.  Obviously, we didn’t die, they just think we did.  And that’s the way it has to stay.  Our job is done.  Now we can go back and try again to save Star.”
“But the creature shall return.  We must warn them.”
“No.  I keep telling you we can’t do that.  We can’t change the past, and we didn’t.  Our job is done, let’s leave it at that.”
Troll massaged his throbbing temples, and said, “But I don’t understand.  If we killed the monster, then how does it keep returning?”
“Are you sure you want to know?”
“Aye.”
“Then turn around.”
Wearily, Troll sat up and looked behind him.
There, tangled amongst the trees were thick webs; slick and as black as tar.  Imbedded within the webs were pulsating, amorphous pods.
The Dog said, “I think they’re some kind of egg sacks.  That’s how the monsters keep coming back.  They were already here all along.”
“Blasphemous ashes!  We must destroy these cursed abominations before they hatch and wreak even more havoc upon our friends.”
“With what?  We’re completely out of flash powder.”
“So, we make fire.”
“We’re completely drenched.  Plus, how do you know us trying to destroy these things won’t disturb them and cause them to hatch all at once.  Then the Wachati will have to deal with all these creatures at the same time.”
“But we must destroy these demons.  They are a blight, a plague, and must be snuffed out accordingly.”
Growling, the Dog replied, “This is the last time I’m going to tell you; we can’t do that.  We can’t change the past.  So far, we haven’t.  Now it’s time to leave before we fuck up the future any more than we already have.”
Troll uttered, “But we can’t just leave them to such a horrid fate when we can stop it now.”
The Dog patted his shoulder, stared him in the eyes, and said, “Don’t worry.  We’ll be back to help them.  We already did.”
“But these people are my friends.  Our friends.  We must help them.”
“If you really want to help them then you’ll come with me, and we’ll go home.”
“I thought ye said we had no home.”
The Dog sighed.  Gaze downcast, he said, “Star is our home.  And right now, she needs us more than the Wachati.”
Troll glanced back at the pulsating pods.  He could stop this evil right now before it began, but what would be the cost?  If they never stopped to help the Wachati in the first place then he might never have met Star.  The Dog was right, they couldn’t risk disrupting future events.  With a heavy heart, Troll soughed, “Very well, take us home.”

****

Early birds chirped as they hunted worms.  The pre-dawn chill mirrored the orangish halo refracting off the city’s skyline and into Grammercy Park.
Combing his fingers through his hair, Jeffrey asked, “So, how long are we supposed to wait?”
He didn’t like this.  He didn’t like it one bit.  Every few seconds he kept looking over his shoulder; thinking that peace officers would pounce from the park’s bushes and arrest them -- or worse.
“I don’t know,” replied Monty.  “He pulled the camera away from his face and flicked the off-button.  “This isn’t an exact science.”
Quivering with excitement, Rita chimed, “That was the coolest thing I’ve ever seen.  Very groovy.”
Jeffrey said, “Groovy or not, we can’t just stand out here with our thumbs up our asses.  It’ll be dawn soon and I’m a wanted man.”
Nodding, Monty said, “Agreed.  We should get back to the flat.”
“Then what?” asked Rita.
“Then we wait for our wayward friends to return.”
“But how will they find us?” asked Jeffery.
Monty said, “If they can find their way through time and parallel universes, I think they can find us.  Besides, we can always scout for them.  Mr. Jessip here is the only one being sought by the authorities.  As far as they know, we have nothing to do with any of this.”
The trio turned away from the fountain and ambled back toward the van; parked several blocks away.
The static electricity arose in the chilly pre-dawn air.
Jeffrey said, “Uh, guys, I think something’s wrong.”
Monty and Rita turned around to find Jeffrey’s short blond hair standing on-end.  He held out his hand and even the hairs on his arm stood upright and at attention.
Rita asked, “What’s wrong with your hair?”
“It’s not just me,” replied Jeffrey.  “Your guys’ hair is doing the same thing.”
Monty and Rita faced each other, and it was true.  Their hair was puffed out like they’d just been electrocuted.
A bright, blue flash of light emanated.  A sloshing sounded.  The three whirled around to find Troll and the Dog wadding out of the fountain.
Jeffrey uttered, “Holy shit.”
The Dog aided Troll as they clambered out of the pool.  Troll’s hair looked even grayer than before.
Monty pressed the camera to his face and hit the “record” button.
Jeffrey jogged towards them, and asked, “What happened?  Where’s Star?  Did you save her?”
Troll blotted the perspiration beading his brow.  Braids and beads danced amidst his tangled, sweaty hair.  He gasped, “Regrettably no.”
The Dog added, “We went to the wrong place…or the right place.  Either way, Star wasn’t there.”
Rita asked, “Why not?  What went wrong?”
“We don’t know,” replied the Dog.
But Jeffrey didn’t believe that.  An inkling told him that Troll and the Dog knew way more than they were saying.
Troll asked, “How long were we gone for?”
Jeffrey replied, “Maybe twenty seconds, if that.  Why?  How long were you in the past?”
“A few days,” replied Troll.
Shivering with excitement, Monty said, “I knew it.  Time flows differently from world to world.”  He wrapped his free arm around Rita’s hunched shoulders, and said, “I told you baby, I knew it.”
Gape wide, jaw slack, Rita said, “I still don’t understand what happened.”
“Neither do I,” chimed Jeffrey.
Troll said, “I do.”
Jeffrey asked, “Then what?  You guys knew the rules.  Think of a place and then go there.  What was the problem?”
Expelling a long, slow exhalation, Troll replied, “The problem was me.”

****


5

Dawn.  The smoggy sunlight filtered in through the tinted windows of Monty and Rita’s flat.  The homestead was furnished with lavish multi-colored rugs, plush accommodations.  Flat pictures adorned the tabular walls; something they referred to as “posters”.  The gloomy domicile was lit with things called “black-lights” and “lava-lamps”.  Patchouli and lavender incense hung prevalent in the cramped quarters.
They sat on the floor as Monty, Rita, and Jeffrey toked from a bowl, but Troll and the Dog abstained.
Troll had enough of substances that altered his conscious.
Troll relayed to them all they’d encountered during their adventures in the past as the Dog sat there quiet and stoic.
Biting his lower lip, Monty hung on every word.  When Troll finished, he sighed, and said, “Well, at least you guys didn’t change anything.”
Rita chimed, “But it didn’t work.  They need Star to stand against this Wraith, and they failed.”
Jeffrey asked, “So, what do we do now?”
Troll replied, “We try again.”
Monty said, “But what if that doesn’t work?  You guys have all the time in the world back in the past, but here in the present, I can’t shake the feeling that we’re running out of it.”
Jeffrey combed his fingers through his hair and asked Troll, “Exactly what did go wrong?”
Troll exhaled a long, lonesome sigh, and replied, “As I said, the problem is me.  The first time I entered the blue door I ended up equidistant between the Dog and this world’s Star.  Furthermore, we ended up with the Wachati because I envisioned Montalvo while’st the Dog kept his mind keen on the task at hand.  Both times I ended up in the wrong place because of my inability to keep my emotions, and thusly, my mind in check.”
Jeffrey asked, “So, what are you saying?”
“I’m saying that my involvement in such an activity is detrimental to our success.”
Rita asked, “If that’s true then how do you intend on going back and save Star.”
But he could tell by the morose and pallid look painted on Monty’s face that he already knew the answer to that.  He opened his mouth to reply, but the Dog beat him to the punch.
Dog said, “He’s not.  He wants me to go alone.”
Troll added, “Rightly so.  From what Monty has told me, I believe the Dog can pass easily between worlds, whereas I just muck things up.  I propose this time, the Dog goes through the thin spot and I stay here.”
Jeffrey asked, “What are ya gonna do here while he’s over there?”
“I suppose I’ll investigate into the Wraith’s master plan, or at least try to.”  Nodding at Monty, he asked, “Have the dreams returned?  Do ye know what comes next?”
“No, not yet,” replied Monty.  “But after what happened tonight, I’ve got a lot of writing to do.  I’m certain the dreams will come.”  Opening his arms in a gesture of grandeur, he said, “I’ve written here before.”
Rita asked, “When do we send the Dog back through?”
“As soon as possible,” replied Troll.
Jeffrey snorted, “Well, we can’t do it in broad-daylight.  At the very least we’ll have to wait until tonight.”
“Agreed,” said Troll.
Rita asked, “What should we do?”
“Nothing yet.  Lay low and keep this place safe to hold commune.  Monty, I want ye to keep writing our story.”
Jeffrey asked, “What should I do?”
“I knoweth not, but I’m sure I’ll think of something.”
After that, they all broke bread.  Troll felt he should’ve prayed, but he didn’t.  Monty and Rita could’ve retired to their bedroom.  Instead, they produced blankets, pillows, and something called, “sleeping bags”, and the lot of them crashed-out as the sun rose higher over the horizon.  But Troll just couldn’t sleep; try as he might.  His mind was a whirlwind of hopes and doubts.  What if their next attempt didn’t work?  What if he couldn’t discover the Wraith’s plot?  What if he lost both Star and the Dog?  Was he doing the right thing?  Alas, he simply didn’t know.  Surely, if he implored God’s advice, the good Lord would remain mute.  More frighteningly, what if he did receive answers; terrible, terrible answers?
At one point, Troll gave up on his attempt at sleep.  He opened his eyes and noticed the Dog standing by the window, gazing out at the city’s skyline.  Wearily, Troll arose as his bones creaked and his muscles screamed in agony.  He hobbled toward the Dog.
The Dog’s ears twitched, yet his gaze remained glued at the metro panorama.
Troll whispered, “Something bothering you?”
The Dog uttered, “Do you really think I can do it on my own?  Do you really believe I can save her?”
Troll patted the Dog’s shoulder, and chuckled, “Of that, I have no doubt.  Ye kept her safe when thee over the mountains and I in the mines.”
Dog turned and stared at him with dark green-eyes.
Those eyes reminded him of Star’s
Dog said, “What if neither of us come back?”
“Aye, I’ve been mulling that over as well.  But I think the Wraith wants ye to succeed so that the three of us can challenge him.”
“But I don’t know how to bring her here without changing the past our encountering our former selves.  How do you expect me to pull this off without you?”
Troll cerebrated over their previous encounter with the Wachati; the role reversal between himself and his longest companion.  He clutched the Dog’s shoulders, and said, “My friend, I’m sure ye’ll think of something.”

****

Anne awoke with a start.  She never did before; not even when traveling the globe.  But this morning something just felt…wrong.  She lay ensconced on a plush black, leather bed with silk sheets (also black), and naked as the day she born.  This was not her suite at the Hotel Belmont.  This was not her hut with Buddhist monks.  This was not the hostel she visited while swimming with sharks.  And this was certainly not her studio.  This was something else.  Something darker.  Something grim and far more forbidding; but at the moment, she just couldn’t recollect what.  She wrapped the silken linens tightly about her frame and gazed around.  All appeared black; opal obsidian: not just the bed, but the carpet, the curtains, the wall paper, hell, even the windows were tinted; allotting in the minimalist amount of light.
Where was she?
Who had she gotten here?
A pneumatic wall swept aside with an audible whoosh.
And Joshua King wearing nothing but a black bathrobe and brandishing a silver platter entered the room.  A devilish grin spread plastered across his stubbled face.
He asked, “How did you sleep, my dear?”
Suddenly, it all came back to her.  Him taking her to his penthouse.  Ordering room service.  A massage.  Him seducing her into his bed.  At the time, she’d felt love.  Real love.  Now she just felt used; like a worn-out condom.
Had she really slept with him?
At first the notion of having sex with the most powerful man in the world seemed titillating.  Now she thought…no…she knew she made a mistake.
Groggily, she replied, “What happened?  What’s going on?”
“Breakfast in bed,” Joshua replied with a wicked smirk.  “I figured it was the least I could do for you after all the help you’ve been to me.”
Clutching the black, silken sheets tighter to her breast, she asked, “Did we…did we…?”
“Of course,” he replied, “You don’t remember?”
Anne kneaded her fingers into her forehead.  She didn’t feel hungover, nor did she remember getting inebriated the night before.  Yet the memory of the previous evening just wasn’t there.
She sat bolt-right, and quavered, “I…I…”
“Oh, you think we had sex.  No, we didn’t.  I gave you a full body massage and you just fell asleep.”
Feeling quite abashed and completely stupid, Anne muttered, “I’m sorry, I just thought…”  But she didn’t know how to finish that sentence.  Because she wanted him to suckle her breasts.  She wanted him to go down on her.  She wanted him to make ravenous, passionate love to her.  Yet, all the same, she couldn’t shake the notion of feeling like a complete dolt.  Imagine that; a woman with a IQ of 210 feeling completely…well, she didn’t even know the word for it, and that made her feel even more stupid.
She sniffed the staunch air and sampled the savory aroma of fried grease and maple syrup.  Licking her lips, her stomach growled, as she asked, “That smells good.  What is it?”
He replied, “Pancakes, eggs, and maple sausage.  Oh, and I brought you a fresh cup of coffee as well.”
She yawned and stretched.  The silken sheets fell from her bust-line, and once more she felt awkward.  She clutched the linens tighter to her breast and gazed up at Joshua, but he wasn’t even looking at her; instead his gazed affixed on the panoramic window.
She wanted him.  She couldn’t help it.  But she did.
“Where are my clothes?”
Joshua sat down upon the bed as the mattress springs creaked and moaned.  He set the platter on her lap, and said, “I’ve had them washed.  They should be ready by now.  You can leave as soon as you wish.”
Entertaining a foolish notion, she curled her long, dark hair amidst her fingers, and asked, “And what if I don’t want to leave.”
It was a ridiculous question.  She knew it was.  What would Joshua King, the most wealthy and powerful man in the world want with her?  All the same, she couldn’t restrain herself from such an audacious quandary.
Joshua gazed into her gape.
A queer tingle coursed its way up and down her spine.
She knew this man.
She didn’t know how or why, but she felt as if she’d known him for eons.
Joshua smiled that devilish smile of his, and asked, “Don’t you want to leave?  Don’t you want to get back to your real life?  Your music?  Your writings?  Your travels?”
Curling her hair evermore, she replied, “I don’t know.  Maybe I’ve toured the world enough.  Maybe what I need is…”  She meant to say, ‘Real love”, But all she uttered was, “A change.”
Joshua brushed back her hair and kissed her on the forehead.
Once again, she felt wanted.  She felt like she belonged…like someone actually wanted her.  Fuck Ted and his misogynistic antics.  This was love -- true love.  And she would hold onto it as tightly as she clutched the black, silken sheets to her breasts.  She would not let go.
She slurped the cup of coffee.  Some spilled into her lap.  Her nether-regions felt all hot and tingly.  She gazed into Joshua’s dead-black eyes, and asked, “I thought you said you wanted me to work for you fulltime?”
“Indeed, I did.”
Coquettishly working her fingers up Joshua’s muscular shoulders, she said, “I’m in.  Whatever it is.  I’m in.”
Then she kissed him.  And he kissed back.  It felt hollow.  But it was better than Ted and his philandering mishaps.  Better than laying alone and wondering where the love of her life was.  Yes, this was hollow, but at least it was something.
So, she kissed him.  And he kissed back -- with tongue.
Joshua lurched back.  His oculars appeared hollow and pitch black; almost shinning.
Fingers pressed to her trembling lips, she asked, “Did I…did I do something wrong?”
“No, not at all,” he replied.
She laid down and moaned pleasurably.
“I want you,” she said.
“I want you to.  But first, I need you to do something for me.”
She licked her lips, and asked, “What?”
“Have you ever heard of Operation Exodus?”

****

“Here,” Rita said as she opened the rectangular fixture known as the refrigerator.
Troll didn’t know what a fridge was, but he certainly understood the concept of a freezer.
Rita rooted around until she produced a small, cylindrical bottle fashioned from orangish plastic.  She said, “They might be out of date, but they should help your heart a little bit.”
“What is it?” asked Troll.
“Nitro,” she replied.
“Nitro?”
“Yes, Nitro-glycerin tablets.  They don’t make them anymore.  Now these doctors have all sorts of gizmos and gadgets, but they should alleviate your pain.”
Clutching his chest, Troll asked, “Is it that obvious?”
Smiling, she replied, “Everything is obvious when you know what to look for.”
Troll spent the majority of the morning gazing out the window and cerebrating over all he’d endured.  At one point he turned around only to find the Dog had vanished, but a twinklin’ told him the cur didn’t stray too far.
He was probably on the roof.  Usually the Dog lingered someplace high up when no one knew where he was.
Troll pondered if the Dog might be spotted up there, but as Jeffrey pointed out the other night, if Joshua King wanted to apprehend them, then he would have done so already.
Feeling a bit peckish, Troll wandered into the kitchen.  The walls were painted in a soft eggshell hue.  Linoleum blinds kept the sun’s penetrating light somewhat at bay.  Fascinating gizmos referred to as a microwave and toaster guarded the tabular surfacing like sentinels.  Troll slid into a stool next to the counter as Rita hobbled in; holding her decrepit hip.
She wore a long, floral robe.  Her long, gray, tangled hair cast down her hunched shoulders.  The rims of her horned-rim-glasses spangled in the early morning light.
Troll released a long, lonesome sough.
“What is it?” asked Rita.
“Nothing really.”
“Please, tell me.”
He sighed, and replied, “It’s just that…for a long time, I was nothing more than a lonely nomad.  I desperately pinned for a companion.  Then one day I met Star and we fell madly in love.  Then she was taken away from me.  Twice.  I feel as though God does not want me to love, or that I am unworthy of it.”
Smiling, Rita sat at the table and patted his hand.  “Everybody is worthy of love.  And if God wants you to love again, then one day you will.”
“I do not want another love.  I want Star.”
Rita chuckled, and said, “A wise man once said, you can’t always get what you want, but sometimes you get what you need.”
Monty and Jeffrey shambled into the kitchen; yawning and rubbing the sleep from their eyes.  Monty wore pajamas while Jeffrey still donned the clothes he slumbered in.
Jeffrey asked, “Coffee on?”
“Just a moment,” replied Rita.
She shuffled to the pantry and pulled out a can of fresh grounds.  She shook it and poured the contents into an odd-looking device.  She said, “Should be a few minutes, but we’ll take care of you.”
Monty kissed his wife, and asked, “What’s for breakfast?”
“I don’t know,” she replied, “You tell me.  You know the rule.  Someone makes coffee, the other makes breakfast.”
Monty clasped his hands together, and chimed, “French toast, it is!”
Troll held up the small, plastic canister Rita supplied him with.  He shook it, and the contents rattled around like beans in a mason jar.
Jeffrey asked, “What’s that?”
“Rita gave it to me,” replied Troll.  “Something called night-o.”
“Nitro tabs,” corrected Rita.
Jeffrey yawned, stretched his arms, and said, “I didn’t even think they made those anymore.”
“They don’t” said Rita.
Jeffrey said to Troll, “You should be careful with those.  Usually a doctor would prescribe that to a patient after an examination.  You don’t know what effect that shit could have on you, or if the pills are even expired.”
“I’m already dying,” grumbled Troll, “what harm could these tiny things do to me?”
“That’s exactly my point.”
Rita shuffled over with a steaming pot of coffee and poured some for her guests as a sweet mélange of sugar, cinnamon, and frying butter filled the air.  She offered Troll a mug.
He replied, “No thanks.”
“Are you sure?”
“For certain.  But I wouldn’t mind a cup of that delicious tea ye served the other night.  That is, if ye wouldn’t mind.”
“Not at all.  Coming right up.”
Jeffrey combed his fingers through his hair, and said, “Like I was saying, there’s gotta be something better you could take for your heart.”
“Perhaps, but I knoweth not about this world’s medicines.”
“I bet my mom’s got something better at her house.  I could make a run into town and get some supplies.”
Brow arched quizzically, Monty asked, “You sure that’s a good idea?”
Jeffrey replied, “Sir, these days, I’m not sure of anything.”  He turned to Troll, and added, “But if you want, I can try.”
Rita asked, “But what if someone scans you and you get caught.”
Reclining in his chair, Jeffrey smirked, and said, “I’ll be discreet.  I’m good at discreet.”
Monty brought a plate of what he called “French-toast” to the table, and said, “I still don’t think it’s worth the gamble.”
Jeffrey said, “Hey, I’m just going to my folks’ place.  I’ll pay ‘em a nice little visit, grab some meds and food, ‘cause my mom always sends me home with food.  In and out.  Easy-peasy.”  Jeffrey nodded, as if in affirmation of his boast, then slurped from the steaming mug in his grip.
But Troll didn’t think there would be anything easy-peasy about Jeffrey’s expedition.  He didn’t think Jeffrey would visit his parents’ home at all.  In fact, he was pretty sure Jeffrey was lying.

****

Lilith asked Joshua, “Are you sure this is part of the plan?”
He replied, “I assure you, dear sister, I plotted every detail of this before your creation.”
The two stood behind the two-way mirror watching Anne.
Anne sat at the very same table where she’d first met Dr. Harrington and all the other egg-heads involved in Project Vulcan.  Now the scientists were gone; moved onto different endeavors.
At least, that’s what Joshua told her.
In actuality, he had them all murdered by Fedic (save for Dr. Harrington, who had another part to play).  But of course, everything was covered up from media exposure.
Anne sat there, hunched over the files of Operation Exodus.  She wore her glasses with her hair tied up in a bun, but a few strands cascaded over her face while she twirled a ball-point pen amidst her lithe digits.
Lilith stared at her brother with a stoic expression, and asked, “Do you think she’ll catch on to what we’re really doing?”
“I doubt it,” he replied.  “She’s highly intelligent, but that’s why I’ve been keeping her occupied.  All she does is study notes and charts.  She hasn’t worked on any music or writings since she got here.”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“Because her work inspires people.  And that sickens me.”
“You don’t look sick.  You look infatuated.”
“I assure you, sister, nothing could be further from the truth.”
A slight snarl curled at the corner of her pouty crimson lips.  She scoffed, “Truth?  What truth has ever spewed out of your mouth?”
“I always tell you the truth.”
“What little you will tell me, anyway.”
Joshua replied, “Parts of this plan must remain a mystery to everyone but me.”
“Is that why you let what happen to Furion transpire?”
“Furion had his part to play.”
“And do you intend to do to me what you did to him?”
Joshua stroked a frigid hand through her jet-black hair, and cooed, “Why sister, I would never hurt you.  I love you dearly, that is, if I could love.”
And it was true.  He wished no harm upon Lilith.  But if he intended on accomplishing the task at hand, everyone would have to suffer.  Including her.  He took no pleasure in it.  But then again, he didn’t enjoy anything.
She asked, “What about the others?”
“Everything is proceeding precisely as I designed it.  Why wouldn’t it?  It only took me a couple centuries to put this all in place.”
“And Morterious?”
Ah yes, Morterious, the youngest sibling and fifth and final Hellion.  Morterious was stranded in a desolate world similar to what most would equate to the very definition of Hell.  The desiccate, brachiated ground so sharp it could cut through leather.  Clouds of smog encircled the desolate mountains.  The seas long dried.  Twisted, leaf-less trees dotted the preternatural terrain.  No sun or moon ever proudly decorated the starless sky, rather an eerie reddish glow ubiquitously cascaded from above.  The fetid air ripe with the stench of Sulfur.
Upon his creation, Morterious had been placed there to conduct his many experiments.  He resembled a Minotaur amped up on steroids.  He donned a gasmask and reeked of carrion.  Any mortal who gazed upon would think him the devil.  But the devil he was not.  Oh no, there could only be one eternal demon, and it sure as hell wasn’t Morterious.  
Lilith prodded, “Has he finished his part?”
“Of course.”
“And what do you intend to do with him?”
Shrugging, Joshua smiled, and replied, “Nothing.  Leave him where he is.”
“Does he know every inch of this master plan of yours?”
Joshua turned his attention from Anne, gazed at Lilith, and asked, “Sister, why so many questions?  Do you know longer trust in me?”
Without so much as a minute facial twitch or change in vocal tone, she replied, “No.  I don’t.”
“That’s too bad.”
And he meant it.  He desperately wanted his sister to stand by his side when fire and brimstone descended from the sky.  But if she turned against him, he held no quarrel with snuffing out her very existence.
Then he returned his attention toward the other side of the two-way mirror and Anne sifting through pages upon pages of stuff she couldn’t possibly fathom.
Those poor humans.  They’d never even know what hit them.
Lilith feigned a scoff, and said, “I think you like her.  I think you’re sweet on her.”
Joshua gazed into her icy, cataract-blue eyes, and replied, “I don’t like anything or anyone.  Except for you, that is.”
Unbuttoning her blouse, Lilith said, “Prove it.”
So, he did.

****

“Here,” said Dr. Mary-Anne Starkey as she handed a small metal box to Jeffrey.  “It’s all I could get.”
The box looked heavy.  But it wasn’t.  In fact, it was surprisingly light.  He hefted the object in his palm, and asked, “What is it?”
Donning a quirky smile, she replied, “Something with a really long and complex name.  It was manufactured for heart attack patients as a test drug, but taken off the market because the results of the patients were deemed inconclusive.”
After breakfast, Jeffrey put on his jeans, a ball cap, and borrowed Monty’s sunglasses and brown trench coat.  Then he headed deep into the heart of the city.  The sun shone brightly but the bitter fall winds carved a hefty bite into his muscular frame.
Yeah, winter was right around the corner, and it was going to be long, cold one at that.
He knew he needed to procure something more effective than nitro tabs.  But he couldn’t risk involving his parents in everything that was going on.  Should something go wrong, he’d never forgive himself.  Besides, what would he even tell them?
“Oh, hey, mom, I need to borrow some of your heart meds for this giant who’s from an alternate reality.”
No, that simply wouldn’t do.  He needed to get creative.  He needed to think outside of the box.  Simply, he needed to think like a detective.
During his trek through midtown (he couldn’t hail a cab because he’d immediately be scanned for the fare), he cerebrated over his date with the lovely Dr. Starkey.  He desperately wanted to see her.  But could he risk it?  Should he?  Of course, who would obtain better knowledge into medicinal practices than a doctor?
His thoughts whisked back to her sitting across from him in the dimly lit restaurant Le Maison Noir.  Her smiling coyly at him and fiddling with her hair and the collar of her blouse.  The evening started out rocky.  But somewhere between that awkward beginning and them laughing and talking about their respective families, she’d told him how she was a creature of habit.  She woke up at the same time every morning.  She enjoyed the same protein shakes.  And she always stopped by the same coffee shop on her way to work; a locale called Cool Beans; located on East 14th street, and just three blocks from Beth Israel Medical Center.  And of course, she always ordered the same thing; a double mocha latté with extra foam.
He watched her enter the coffee shop from across the street.  And when she exited (sipping at the Styrofoam cup), he followed her.
She wore a pink blouse beneath a gray hoodie with Syracuse stenciled on the back.  The tight, beige pants she wore accentuated her hips and thighs as her round buttocks swayed in tandem with each step she took, like one of those perpetual motion gizmos.  Her long, black hair cascaded down her slender, elegant shoulders. 
He trotted up behind her, and said, “Morning, Doc.”
She jumped in a start; nearly dropping her hot beverage, but he steadied her hand.  Squinting, she gazed at him for a moment before a brilliant smile painted her oval face.  “Detective, what’s with the get-up?”
“I’m incognito.”
Chuckling, she replied, “Yeah, I can see that.  But why?”
“It’s a long story, and I don’t really have time to get into it right now.  But a mutual friend needs our help.”
Bottom lip protruding, her brow furrowed, as if trying to imagine what mutual friend they could possibly have in common.
He amended, “It’s Shakespeare.  And like I said, he needs our help.”
Eyes agape and twinkling, her face seemed to brighten as she said, “Troll!  I knew it!  I knew something odd was going on with him.”
“Shh, not so loud.”  He whisked his head back and forth, glancing at the sea of people passing them by.  No one paid so much as a paltry ounce of attention in their general direction.
Strutting closer toward him, she whispered, “What’s going on?  You know where he is, don’t you?  How our RN doesn’t even remember him?”
The shuffling of feet and blares of horns covered her voice like a thick, wool blanket; making her seem inaudible.  But that was all right.
Adjusting his cap and shades, he said, “Look, you got a lot of questions, and I understand that.  But I don’t got a lot of time here, so I’m just gonna cut to it.  I’m the one who broke him out.  Your RN, what’s her name?”
“Susan.”
“Right, well Susan don’t remember him because he hypnotized her into thinking he was never even there.”
“How?”
Palms out, as if halting a city bus, he said, “Look, it’s complicated.  Believe me, it’s complicated.  But he’s in pretty rough shape and he needs medical assistance.”
“So, bring him back to the hospital.”
“I can’t do that.”
“Oh, and why is that.”
“I…I just can’t.  You’re gonna have to trust me on this one.”
Scratching her head, she replied, “You’re an officer of the peace.  And you broke the law.  If you want me to trust you, then you’re gonna have to start giving me some answers.”
“I can’t.”
“Forget it then.”  She twirled and stormed off.
“Wait,” he called.  “I will.  I swear I will.  I just can’t do it right now.  Not out here in public.”
Heels clicking off concrete, she marched toward him, and said, “Then take me to him.”
Shaking his head, he replied, “I can’t do that either.  I’m sorry, but I just can’t.  Just like you couldn’t treat or release him.  There’s big things going on.  Bigger than you know.  And right now, he’s safer where he is.”
She slurped from her coffee and crossed her arms about her lithe frame.  Head bobbing, foot tapping with an impatient cadence, she said, “Okay, what’s Shakespeare need?”
“I think you know what he needs.  After all, you were his doctor.”
“Until you stole him.”
“What…How can you steel a person.  Look, this ain’t about you and me.  It’s about him.  And he’s dying.”
An uneasy silence elapsed where they just stared at each other.
She asked, “It’s his heart, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, it is.”
“If I help you, will you let me see him?”
“Probably not today.  But I’ll talk to him.  Set up some kinda meeting.”
“That doesn’t exactly fill me with confidence,” she snorted.
Gently placing his hands on her shoulders, he said, “Believe me, he wants to see you.  We just can’t do it today.  I can’t explain it.  Hopefully he can.”
Foot tapping, she tippled from the Styrofoam cup.
Jeffrey released his hold on her.
She said, “Okay, meet me in the parking garage of Beth Israel in one hour.”
“Can’t.  I can’t get in.”
“Why not?  You’re a peace officer.”
“Yeah…I’m not too sure about that anymore.”
“Why?  What’d you do…never mind.  Don’t answer that.  I don’t think I want to know.”
“Good call.”
Ruffling her long, black hair, she said, “Look, just be at back entrance 1A in an hour and I’ll get you inside and give you whatever I can find that might help him.”
And as good as her promise, an hour later, the back entrance labeled 1A remained unlocked and he slunk into the parking garage.
She still wore her pink blouse and beige pants, but now she also donned her white lab coat.  Her flowing hair now restrained in a tight bun.
There they stood.  Face-to-face.  Away from prying eyes.  Away from the honking blares of passing motor vehicles.  Away from all the passer-byes.  Just eye-to-eye standing in the shadows.
Cracked, concrete slabs surmounted them like some behemoth entombment.  Flickering fluorescent lights scarcely illuminated the gloom.  The staunch air smelled of piss and ammonia.
He accepted the metal box and opened it.  Within were six glass vials and something that resembled a gun.
“What is it?” he asked.
Arms crossed, she coldly replied, “Test drug for heart-attack patients, like I said.”
“How does it work?”
“Just install a vial into the chamber and inject it into his bicep.  It should keep him as healthy as a horse for up to twelve hours.  But like I said, it’s a test drug.  And I don’t know how it will effect a person with his…stature.”
Tipping the bill of his ball cap, he said, “Thanks doc, much appreciated.”
“I’ll want to see him, you know.  See how he’s doing and how the treatment is working for him.”
“I promise I’ll set something up.”
Her head dipped, as if deeply troubled.  And why wouldn’t she be?  After all, she did violate hospital protocol.
 He said, “Thanks again, really, thank you.”  Then he turned to leave.
She called, “Wait.  There’s just one more thing.”
“What’s that?”
“Why haven’t you zoomed me?”
What to say?  Even if he knew the words, he couldn’t even conceive as how to convey the truth to her.
“I…I wanted to.  It’s just…things are…”
Sashaying toward him, she said, “Complicated, yeah, I get that.  But I’ve been thinking about you.  Haven’t you been thinking about me?”
“Yeah, all the time.”
“Good.”
And then she kissed him.  He didn’t want to.  How could he?  This was supposed to be Troll’s woman.  But she pressed her body against his.  Her breasts upon his chest.  Their hearts galloped in unison like wild stallions tromping across the prairie.  She worked her tongue inside his mouth.  She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and he placed his palms on her hips.  And after a moment, he kissed back.

****

The Dog said, “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“I concur,” chimed Troll.
Troll, Monty, Rita, and the Dog sat around the kitchen table.  It was early afternoon, probably around three o’ clock; best as Troll could wager.  But with the sun glinting through smog clouds, who could really tell.
The kitchen painted in a soft, eggshell hue.  Canary-yellow draperies billowed in the gentle breeze from the open window.  The stainless-steel sink constantly dripped upon porcelain dishes.  To the right stood a contraption known as “fridge” that constantly hummed and vibrated.  Handled pantries lined the walls as jars, cans and dishware sentried the cramped shelves.
Monty, Rita and Troll sat at a small, round, wooden table that barely gleamed with a faded varnish.
Monty sported blue jeans and a maroon turtleneck sweater.
Rita donned a floral moo-moo and denim hat.  Her gnarly gray-hair cascaded down her hunched back like rivulets of rain water.  Her broad spectacles made her eyes seem impossibly large.
Troll garbed in a red and black flannel, button-up shirt and jean overalls that cinched uncomfortably in the crotch area.
Aye, there truly no vestments in this realm that could comfortably clothe one such as he.
The Dog stood in the corner.  Wearing his usual duds; torn pantaloons, black, tattered shirt, and olive-green jacket.  The ball cap with its frayed “D” stitched upon the façade hung low over his face.  Arms crossed amidst his thin torso he seemed at ease; but Troll knew better.
Opening his hands, as if offering a small token, Monty asked, “Why not?  I still think it’s the best course of action.  Just imagine yourself on the bluffs before your former selves arrive.”
The Dog said, “But we can’t really change the past.”
“Here, here,” replied Troll.  “The first time, we went back to the Wachati’s camp, because we’d already done so in the future.  Not from our point of view, but from theirs. So, tonight, if the Dog actually manages to save Star, it’s because he already did it.  But we all know she died, meaning we weren’t successful at protecting her.”
Groaning, Monty massaged the creases on his forehead, and said, “Look, there aren’t any clear-cut rules in time travel.  Maybe you can save her, maybe you can’t, I don’t know.  What I do know is that if you hold any hope in stopping Joshua King, it will take the three of you together.”
The Dog growled, “But If I go back to the bluffs before dawn then there won’t be any time to warn Star or protect her.  I need to go back earlier.”
Rita took her husband’s hand in hers, and asked, “How early?”
The Dog replied, “At least a day, maybe two.  After the mountains but before we entered Krin.  We were traveling alone together.  If I can somehow warn her before she gets home, then she might take precaution.”
Monty snarled, “I told you, you can’t supply her with information that might alter the future.  It’ll jeopardize the entire mission.”
Rita snipped, “Honey, mind your temper.”
“I’m sorry,” soughed Monty, “It’s just that this whole thing’s got my head spinning.”
Troll grumbled, “Imagine how we feel.”
Rita gazed into the Dog’s gape, and asked, “What about your senses?”
But Troll answered, “What about them?”
Monty added, “Dog can sense for miles.  And yes, if he goes back even further, it’s more than possible than he can locate Star and his former self.”  Staring at the Dog, he asked, “But what’s to stop your former self from sensing you?”
The Dog replied, “Because they won’t be expecting me.  My former self will be keeping track of Furion, his army, the bargs, Star, and Krin.  He won’t be looking for me.  I can follow them from miles away.”
Monty asked, “Then how will you contact Star without your former self being there?”
Dipping his head, the Dog growled, “Because I left her.  When she fell in the Mortis mud, she told me to go on ahead.  I didn’t want to.  But I did.”
Chancing a wry smile, Troll asked, “So, that’s where ye’ll confront her?”
“Yes,” replied the Dog.  “But she can’t know it’s me from now.  She’ll have to think it’s the old me.”
Rita said, “In that case, you’ll have to look and be dressed just as you were.”
“Precisely,” exclaimed Troll.
Monty gravely shook his head, and replied, “There’s just one problem.”
In tandem, Troll and Rita asked, “What’s that?”
Monty replied, “His beard.”
Troll examined the Dog’s face, and it was true.  Back then, the Dog adorned a long, braided, gnarly beard tantamount to a goat.  But the Wraith cut it off atop of the major bluffs of Krin.  Sure, his facial hair had made a significant comeback since that time.  Still, it didn’t look anything like it used to.
The Dog replied, “She was half-blind by then.  Maybe if I stay low to the ground and keep my head down, she won’t notice.  She’ll recognize my voice, my scent, even my aura.  But I don’t think she’ll see my beard.”
Monty asked, “And if you’re wrong?”
Rita rubbed her husband’s hand, and said, “Like you said, there are no rules to this, and if they want to win, then they’re going to have to at least try.”
“Maybe so,” replied Monty, “All the same, this entire scheme is insane.”
“Agreed,” chimed Troll.
They sat there stewing in an uneasy silence.
Troll couldn’t help but ruminate over the sweet, warm summer air.  Sea-salt in the wind.  Gulls flocking above as rolling breaks crashed against jagged rocks.
Beeeep-Beep
Troll’s ruminations whisked back to the infernal claxon of the cursed machine he tethered to and its wired suckers back in the hospital.
They all jumped in a start; save for the Dog.
Rita stood and hobbled toward a screen next to the fridge.  She swept her hand across the glass and a man’s face materialized upon the surface.
He wore a ball cap, dark sunglasses, and an overcoat.  He said, “Hey, it’s me, let me in.”
“Relax,” said Troll as he pressed a palm to his galloping heart, “T’is only Jeffrey.”
Monty ambled into the living room to let their guest in.  The pneumatic door opened with and audible whoosh.
The clomping of feet encroached and Troll’s thoughts whirled back to his tenure in en carcli and Shadeem marching toward the bars of his cell.  Troll hadn’t been afraid of those booted footfalls then, but for some inexplicable reason, he couldn’t escape the terror coursing through his veins.  Perhaps it his heart.
Soft murmurings grew audible as Jeffrey and Monty entered the kitchen.
For some reason, Troll expected the Dog to growl; instead, the Dog merely stood there in the corner with elongated ears twitching at every sound and his wide gape glittering gold.
Troll meant to ask, “How did it go?”
But before he could, Jeffrey offered a small metallic box, and said, “Here, it’s all I could get.”
Slender eyebrow arched into a half-moon, Rita asked Jeffrey, “What is it and where did you get it?  And don’t say from your parents because I think we all know that was a lie.”
Jeffery removed the sunglasses and hat, and tossed them on the table as he ran his hand through his greasy, dirty-blond hair.  Smirking, he replied, “A mutual friend.”  Gaze resting upon Troll, he amended, “Someone who cares about your well-being.”
What mutual friend?  Who could Troll possibly know that Jeffrey did too?  Perhaps this some entrapment extended from Joshua King.
No.  That couldn’t be true.
He trusted this man.
Jeffrey opened the box and displayed the contents before Troll.
The contents resembled six glass vials and something that looked like a gun.
Jeffrey said, “It’s a test drug for heart-attack patients.  The word on the street is that it was banned due to inconclusive results.  But the way I figure is, what’ve ya got to lose?”
Running a hand down his scar and beard, Troll replied, “Indeed.”
What did he have to lose?  Oh, that’s right, only everything.
Wrinkled face bunched in suspicion glazed clumps, Rita asked, “Where did you manage to get your hands on a banned test drug?”
“Like I said, a mutual friend.  A doctor, in fact.”
Gape narrowed, Monty asked, “What doctor?”
Once more, Troll anticipated the Dog to emit a low guttural growling, but that happened not.
Snorting, Jeffrey combed his fingers through his short, cropped hair, and said, “Look, I know people, all right.  Now, I stuck my neck out in order to get you this shit.  Do ya want it or not?”
There indeed lied the quandary.
Did Troll want something from this world that had been deemed:  banned?
He didn’t know.  He just didn’t know.
Sure, he was dying, of that he had no doubt.
But what if the elixir contained within the box expediated the process?  Could he risk it?  Should he?
Troll labored to his feet as the chair he sat in creaked and moaned under his heft.  Hobbling toward Jeffrey with the aid of his ever-trusty staff, he said, “Thank-ye my friend.  I’m much obliged.”  Staring at the instrument and glass cylinders, he asked, “How does it work?”
Jeffrey replied, “Like this.”  He inserted a small vial into the barrel of the gun and pulled back on the slide-peace.
Rita quavered, “It looks like some kind of syringe.”
Jeffrey pressed the barrel of the device into Troll’s meaty bicep, and continued, “All you do is inject a dose into your arm every twelve hours, and you should be healthy as a horse.”  Muttering, he added, “Or, so I’m told.”
Monty asked, “How do we know it won’t kill him?”
Jeffrey responded, “It won’t.  It will either ease the pain in his chest, or it won’t.  But it won’t kill him.  None of the test patients ever died from an injection.”
Monty asked, “Well, what’s in it?”
Sighing in exasperation, Jeffery replied, “Hell, I don’t know.  I’m not a doctor.  I just got this from one.”
“It matters not,” said Troll.  Gazing into Jeffrey’s hazel-eyes, he said, “Come now, let’s see what this contraption can do and be done with it.”
Jeffrey gripped Troll’s wrist and pressed the barrel deep into Troll’s stalwart flesh.  He said, “Brace yourself, this might sting a bit.”
Heart racing, Troll replied, “Trust me, I’m no stranger to sleights and stings.”
Shrugging, Jeffrey said, “Okay, everyone cross your fingers and toes.”
Yet again, Troll expected the cur to begin growling at any moment, but he didn’t.
Rita cried, “Wait!  Doesn’t he need a tourniquet?”
A what?  Alas, he’d neither the heart nor the patience to ask.
Mouth drawn into an o-shape, Jeffrey said, “Uh, I don’t think so.”
Rita scowled, “But you don’t know?”
Jeffrey forced a chuckle, combed his fingers through his hair again, and said, “Hey, this thing didn’t exactly come with a set of detailed instructions, if you catch my drift.  Are we gonna do this, or not?”
Monty asked, “Why so eager to inject him with…well, none of us know what it is.”
Troll snarled, “All of ye, be silent.”  And they did.  The only sound remaining was that of the faucet’s eternal dripping and the low rhythmic hum of the fridge.  “Jeffrey, my good man, have done with it.”
“No problem, Shakespeare.”
Why do people keep insisting that I shake a spear?
You’re not from around here, are you?
Troll closed his eyes and inhaled through his nostrils.  That’s when he sensed it.  A sweet mélange of strawberries and honeydew.
He bade, “Wait!”
Jeffrey asked, “What?  What’s wrong?”
“This doctor friend of ye’rs, did her name happen to be Mary-Anne Starkey?”
“Well, shit, who else did you think was going to help a giant from an alternate universe suffering from a debilitating heart-condition?”
Troll twirled and smacked the gun-like device from Jeffrey’s hand.  The gizmo crashed upon the linoleum flooring.  The vial shattered, and its contents leaked out like precious bodily fluids.
Troll roared, “Ye’ve been seeing my woman behind my back!”
Hands out in supplication, and backing up, Jeffrey said, “No, I did it to help you.”
“Liar!  Ye lust for my woman!  Don’t ye?”
Jeffrey’s gape narrowed in rage.  His young face contorted into leathery collops.  Teeth clenched, his cheeks flushed a sanguine hue, he uttered, “You asked for my help.  You damn near begged me to trust you.  Do you want my help or not?”
Did he?
Alas, he didn’t know.
These days, Troll wasn’t certain of anything.
He said, “But ye have been seeing my woman behind my back, haven’t thee?”
“I was doing it for you.  Because I believe in you and your cause.”
“That doesn’t really answer my question, now does it?”
An immeasurable, terse moment of silence elapsed as Troll and Jeffrey just glared at each other.
Once more, Jeffrey combed his fingers through his hair, and snorted, “You know what, I’m done with this fucking shit.  The next time you need my help, ask someone else.”  He threw the box and its contents on the linoleum floor.  The vials shattered and seeped out.
For some reason Troll snapped.  That precious tonic could possibly save his live.  Now it wasted.  Anger sweltered within him like steam attempting to evade a boiling kettle.  Heart galloping in his chest, Troll grabbed Jeffrey by the collar of his overcoat, and hissed, “Ye insolent twit!  Do ye have any idea what ye’ve done?”
Smirking, Jeffrey replied, “I think the better question is; do I give a shit?”
Troll thrust him to the ground.  Jeffrey scrambled to his feet, fetched a pistol from his waistband, and aimed it squarely at Troll’s forehead.
Monty and Rita exploded into a stance as the Dog just stood there; his elongated ears twitching and his eyes burning a brilliant gold.
In tandem, Rita and Monty extended their palms in a ceasing manner, and said, “Wait!”
Troll obliged.
Jeffrey dusted off his overcoat.  He secured his hat and sunglass, and said, “Fuck this.  I don’t need this shit from any of you.  I’m out of here.”  He stormed toward the living room.  Twirling around, he glared at Troll, and amended, “And she’s not your woman.  Not this version of her.  She never was, and she never will be.”  Gaze dithering among them, he amended, “And like I said, I’m out.  For good.  Good luck on your own.”  He fetched the tablet with the video of the Dog’s mysterious arrival at the fountain of Grammercy Park and tossed it on the table.  Then he took his leave.
An audible whoosh sounded as the pneumatic door opened and Jeffrey exited this hostile environment.
Sighing in gales of relief, Monty and Rita reunited their fannies to their seats with a plop.
Now a low guttural growling emanated from the Dog’s gullet.
Troll asked, “Something to say, have we?”
The Dog replied, “He’s right.  She’s not our Star, and you know it.  You said so yourself.”
Aye, a more solemn truth there was never uttered.  But it didn’t ameliorate the pain coursing through his soul.
Troll glanced at the tablet upon the table top and then gazed at the broken contents slithering across the floor.
Rita cleared her throat, and said, “At least you’ve still got the nitro pills I gave you.”
Aye, that he did.  But something told him to abstain from any more medication from this cursed realm.  Not God, no, for God hadn’t spoken to him in eons.  But something.
“Hmm,” snorted Monty.
He didn’t want to, but his curiosity besting him yet again, Troll asked, “What?  What is it?”
Monty replied, “He’s still got my coat.  I like that coat.”

****

Jeffrey leaned against the living room window as he watched the autumn rains patter down.  After his bitter discourse with Troll, he nestled the bill of his baseball cap down low over his brow, adjusted his sunglasses and raised the collar of his overcoat; the best he could manage at staying incognito.
Troll.  That asshole.  After all he’d done for him and the Dog.  They shunned him just for seeking help from Dr. Starkey.  Sure, he wanted to see her again.  Sure, the taste of her still lingered on his lips.  But that’s not why he sought her out.  He only desired to help them.  Well, where did that get him?  The same place it always got him; alone at home.
He knew he shouldn’t return to his apartment.  Peace Officers were probably waiting to pounce upon him as soon as he passed the threshold of his cluttered apartment.  But that didn’t happen.  Plus, he had no place else to go.
He gazed out upon the falling rains and flickering lights as the metro area cast a crepuscular glow over the city skyline.
The nerve.  The arrogance.
Troll desperately pleaded for his help, and what happened when he did?  He was cast away.  Just another day for Jeffrey Jessip.  The more he tried to assist other people, the worse things got.  Figured.  Well, maybe he was through helping complete strangers.  After all, he wasn’t exactly a peace officer -- not anymore.
Glancing back at the cardboard cutout of Sherlock Holmes, he muttered, “Some detective I turned out to be.”
But that wasn’t necessarily true.  Nor was it fair.
A beeping sounded from the front door; indicating that someone came calling.
Probably Javier, the frizzy-haired fourteen-year-old who’d given him Mickey’s tablet.
He saw Javier fiddling with his own tablet when he crept down the water-stained hallway with its frayed Berber carpeting and toward his apartment.
What could that little brat want now?
Jeffrey uttered, “Sorry kid, no one’s home.”
The beeping resounded again.
“Yeah, I hear ya twerp, I just don’t give a shit.”  After a moment’s consideration, he amended, “Not anymore.”
He resumed staring out over the New York panorama; wondering if it was all even worth it.  Should he have freed Troll in the first place?  Should he have ever even gotten involved in all this mess?  If he hadn’t, Mikey would probably still be alive.  Then at least he’d have someone to talk to.  But what would they talk about?  Certainly not this debacle.
Beep-beep-beep
Thump-thump-thump
Jeffrey massaged his temples.
Why wouldn’t that fucking kid just leave him alone?
A rapping resounded from the front door once more.
Through clenched teeth, Jeffrey whispered, “All right already.  I’m coming, I’m coming.”
He was just about to swipe his palm across the access panel; allotting his visitor entrance, when a queer thought passed through his mindscape.  What if it wasn’t Javier?
Well, who else would it be?
No one else saw him return to his apartment.
If it were the peace officers coming to arrest him, they wouldn’t be so cordial as to knock at the front door; they’d just storm in and apprehend him.
Jeffrey pressed a hand to the back of his waistband and felt the assurance of his nickel-plated 38.
If someone had come in search of trouble, they were about to receive it.
The lights flickered and then went out.
A bowing sound emanated as the door pressed inward; becoming concave; as if some behemoth were pressing all their weight against the pneumatic entryway.
Gripping the 38, he inched closer toward the door.
That bowing and creaking intensified like cracking bones.
What the Hell…?
But before he could finish the thought, the door blew inward.  He rolled out of the way just as the portal sailed into the living room and crashed into a table.
Heart racing, sweat beading his brow, Jeffrey crouched behind the couch and cocked his revolver.
A shimmering, blue glow filled the apartment just like the Northern Lights.
“Peace Officer Jessip, are you home?  Or should I say, former Peace Officer Jessip?”
Fedic.  That son of a bitch.
Fedic continued, “I know you’re there.  I can sense your energy.  It fuels me like battery acid.”
Jeffrey popped up from behind the sofa and squeezed off a couple rounds.
Blam-blam
Fedic held out an outstretched palm; as if halting the bullets.  That eerie, blue aura grew brighter as the bullets disintegrated into thin-air.
Shit.  He forgot Fedic could do that.
Wagging an admonishing finger, Fedic said, “Tsk, tsk, is that anyway to treat a guest?”
“I don’t recall inviting you in.”
Arms out, Fedic chuckled, “What do I look like?  A vampire?”  Staring at the firearm in Jeffrey’s grip, he amended, “Now, why don’t you put that away.  You’re more likely to do more harm than good with that thing.  After all, if I wanted to kill you, you’d be dead already.”
He lowered his sidearm but neither eased back the hammer or holstered it.  “What do you want?”
“I just want Officer Johnson’s tablet.  That’s all.”
Mikey’s tablet?  Why did he want that?
Probably because it contained the only evidence of the Dog’s arrival into this world.
“Don’t have it,” he sneered.  “I gave it away.”
Eyes shimmering in a radiant gray, a wicked smile carved upon Fedic’s tawny face.  “That seems unlikely.  Why in the world would you do that?”
“Because I’m out.  I’m done with…whatever the hell’s going on.  I want no part of it.”
“Oh, but it’s much too late for that.  You already are a part of this.  You have been for some time.”  Fedic shot him with a bolt of blue energy.
His muscles seized.  A tingling sensation like being electrocuted raced through his body as he dropped to the floor in a slump.
Glowing evermore, Fedic floated toward him as listlessly as a malevolent storm cloud.
“Give me the tablet and I’ll leave you alone.  That’s all I want.”
Jeffrey heaved and writhed on the ground like suffering some kind of embolism.  His mouth worked open and closed like a fish out of water.
Grinning, Fedic said, “Hurts, doesn’t it?  How about I take the pain away?”  He opened his fist and that weird, blue energy radiated back toward his fingers like heat waves off sidewalk in summer.
That stinging pain dissipated and Jeffrey felt his muscles loosen.
“There, that’s better isn’t it.  Now, give me the tablet and I’ll go away.”
“Why don’t you just fight me for it?”
Shrugging, Fedic said, “If you wish.”  That preternatural hue blossomed in the dim.
Jeffrey cried, “No!  No!  Wait!  Not like that.  Fight me like a real man.”  Wobbling, he stammered to a stance, balled his fists, and added, “No tricks.  No fancy gimmicks.  Just you and me.  An old-fashioned street brawl.”
“Is that how you want to play it?”
“Yeah.  If you win, I’ll give you the tablet.  If I win, you fuck off.”
“Sounds fun.” Fedic chuckled ominously.
Fedic threw a right-cross.
Jeffrey ducked and slugged him in the kidney.
Fedic released an “Oof!”  But didn’t fall; only staggered backward.
Jeffrey tossed blow after blow of rabid punches, but Fedic easily batted them away with his forearms.
Smirking, Fedic replied, “My turn.”  He charged into Jeffrey’s waist and grabbed his torso.  Jeffrey rammed his elbows into Fedic’s back over and over again, yet it had little effect.
Fedic pushed him and Jeffrey crashed into a wall; shattering a mirror.
Cracking his knuckles, Fedic sneered, “That’s seven years of bad luck, my friend.”
Jeffrey snatched a shard; the glass cut deep into his palm as hot, sticky blood flowed from his hand.  He pounced toward Fedic like an inmate with a shank.  Fedic grappled him be the wrist and applied pressure.  Jeffrey felt his appendage snap with an audible crack.
“Ah!”  Jeffrey dropped the weapon.
Fedic shouted, “I thought you wanted an old-fashioned fist fight?”
Jeffrey pounced upon the advantage and slugged Fedic in the nose as hard as he could.  He meant to drive the cartilage straight into his brain, but his gore-smeared fist merely slid across Fedic’s narrow beak and the side of his face.
Fedic bent backward, howling in laughter as black blood gushed from his nostrils.  “Ha!  Is that all you’ve got?”
Jeffrey’s response came as a whirlwind of haymakers; all of which Fedic easily evaded.  Fedic side-stepped, twirled, and then kicked-in the back of Jeffrey’s knee.  Jeffrey went down wailing in agony as fiery pins shot through every fiber of his being.
Fedic hawked a blood-loogie, and then bent over Jeffrey.  Blood seeping down his teeth and in between his gums, he said, “You know, your alternate was a hell of a lot tougher than you are.  I guess all these years of eating fried grease and watching TV have made you soft; marshmallowy.”
Spittle flew from his lips as Jeffrey sucked in air to replenish his exhausted lungs.  He grumbled, “I don’t watch TV.”  He reared his head upward.  Connecting the back of his cranium right into Fedic’s face.  Roaring, he amended, “It rots the brain.”  He wrapped his arms around Fedic and continually kneed him in the sternum until Fedic gasped and wheezed.  Then he grabbed Fedic by the shoulders of his Peace Officer’s uniform and flung him into the sofa.  Fedic floundered over it as the couch tumbled backward.  Jeffrey tottered toward the open door.  Then he stopped and glanced back.  There, glinted in the darkness was his 38 lying abandoned on the floor.  He glanced around, but saw no sign of Fedic.
Could it really be that easy?
No, nothing was that simple.  Especially not in this day and age.
Favoring his right knee, he hobbled toward the weapon and scooped it up from the carpet.
“Thought it would be that easy, huh?”
Jeffrey whirled, and nearly toppled over.  Fedic hovered above him as blue lightning radiated off of him.
Jeffrey puffed, “Actually, I was just thinking that it wasn’t.”  He grabbed the pistol and dived out of the way just as a bolt of blue, energy tore a hole in his living room wall.  Scrambling on all fours, Jeffrey quickly exited his apartment, staggered to his feet and clumsily trounced down the hallway.
The wall sconces flickered and then went out.
Gasping and sweating profusely, Jeffrey limped onward.
That eerie, shimmering blue magnified as Fedic exited the apartment and crept silently into the hall.
“Oh, Officer Jessip, where are you going?  I believe you have something that belongs to me.”
Heart pounding in his chest, Jeffrey shuffled onward as fast as he able.
Fshwoom
An overhead light fixture exploded into an array of sparks as the scent of burnt ozone burgeoned in the stagnant air.
Encroaching as a relentless phantom, Fedic cooed, “Come on, Jeffrey, just give me the tablet and I’ll go away.”
He huffed, “Don’t think so, pal.”
“Come on, all I want is the tablet.  It’s not even yours.  It belongs to a dead man.”
Fshwoom
Another ceiling fixture erupted as did a wall.
Plaster and sparks cascaded upon Jeffrey, yet he shambled ever swifter.
“Don’t make me take it from you.”
Jeffrey groaned, “I kinda thought that was the whole idea.”
Fshwoom
An apartment door burst into splinters.
Obviously, Fedic wasn’t trying to kill or even restrain him with those energy blasts.  If he was, he could’ve easily done so.  He needed Jeffrey to give him the tablet willingly.  But, why?  He didn’t know.
Because the screen was locked.  He needed Jeffrey’s scanner chip to open the video display.  So why didn’t Fedic just kill him and take his hand.  None of it made any sense.
Fshwoom
He’d figure that out once he got the hell out of here and had a chance to sit and mull this over -- if he survived.
Fshwoom
A direct hit.  Jeffrey’s body went all numb and tingly again as he collapsed back-first into a door.
“Tell me where it is Officer Jessip.  I know you have it.”
Jeffrey banged the back of his head against the door; as if knocking.  He managed to shout, “Let me in.  I’m a Peace Officer in need of assistance.”
Floating closer, Fedic added, “I’m pretty sure you don’t have it on you.  No way you could be that stupid.  So, just tell me where it is or I’ll kill you and find it anyway.”
“I told you, I don’t have it anymore.”
“You’re a terrible liar.”
Bang-bang-bang
Jeffrey thumped his skull against the portal once more.
“Hand it over or die.  There is no alternative.”
The door slid open with a pneumatic whoosh.  And Jeffrey tumbled backward.
Javier, the frizzy-haired fourteen-year-old, asked, “Officer Jessip, what are you doing here?  I didn’t do nothing.”
“Close the door kid.”
Eyes wide, Javier asked, “What?”
“I said, close the damn door!”
Fshwoom
Just like Jeffery’s, the door to Javier’s bowed inward with a terrible, moaning sound.
An alliaceous aroma blossomed in the staunch air.  Favoring his right knee, Jeffrey scrambled into the kitchen.  Javier’s parents were preparing spaghetti.  They gawked at him with wide gapes and mouths open in an o-shape.
Javier’s father asked, “What did he do now?”  His trim shoulders slouched as if in despair.  His curly, black hair and beard seemed to wag in tandem with dejection.
Jeffrey replied, “Nothing.  You guys need to get out of here, now.”
Wearing an apron over her grease smeared clothing, Javier’s corpulent mother came at him with a rolling pin, screaming, “Get out!  Get out!”
Boom
The entry door blew in with immaculate force.
Fedic floated inside.
Jeffrey combed his fingers through his sweat-bedraggled hair, and muttered, “Too late.”
Fedic drifted into the kitchen holding Javier by the neck.  He said, “Everybody be still or I’ll snap this boy’s neck like a twig.”
Javier’s mother turned her rolling pin, and thusly her anger, upon Fedic as Javier’s father charged.
Grasping Javier by the neck, Fedic opened his left hand as a burst of blue energy knocked Javier’s parents to the floor.
Fedic chuckled, and said, “Did you really think you could hide from me?”  Ambling into the steamy kitchen, he amended, “Now give me the tablet or I’ll kill everyone in this entire building.  And if you don’t believe me, just try and test me.”
Breathing rapidly, Jeffrey swiped the perspiration beading his brow, and said, “I believe you.  I believe you.”
Throttling Javier evermore, Fedic grinned, and said, “Good.  Then give me the tablet and I’ll go away.”
But Jeffrey didn’t have the tablet in his possession anymore.  He’d left it with Troll.  Of course, he couldn’t tell Fedic that.  He was out.  He was done.  But he still believed in Troll’s cause, so he couldn’t tell Fedic where the tablet was located.  He needed to think of something.  And fast.
Jeffrey conceded his palms, and said, “All right, all right, I’ll give it to you.  Just let the boy go.”
“No,” replied Fedic, “The tablet first, and then the boy goes free.”
Javier simpered and wept within Fedic’s clutches.
Jeffrey asked Javier, “You okay, son?”
Whimpering, Javier nodded as salty tears created tiny rivulets down his thin, freckled cheeks.
Jeffrey fished his own tablet out of his back pocket and held it out so Fedic could see it.
“Look, it’s right here.”
Arm crooked around Javier’s throat, Fedic held out his free hand, and said, “Give it to me.”
“Let the boy go first.”
“Officer Jessip, I don’t think you’re in any position to bark orders, let alone to me.  So, just hand it over.”
Jeffrey held the tablet suspended over a kettle of boiling spaghetti noodles, and said, “Let him go or I’ll drop it.”
Dark, crimson blood drizzling down his chin, Fedic grinned, and sneered, “You know those things are water-resistant, don’t you?”
“All the same, let the boy go, and you can have it.”
Fedic paused for the briefest of moments as he no-doubt considered Jeffrey’s proposition.  “Fine.”  He thrust Javier aside.
The boy crashed into a set of cabinets and then lay still.  But his chest still rose and fell in rhythmic cadence.
Good.  He was still alive.
Hand outstretched, Fedic snarled, “I held up my part of the bargain, now give it to me.”
Jeffrey huffed, “You want it?”
“Yes.”
“You really want it.”
“You know I do.”
“Then you can have it.”  Jeffrey dropped his tablet, snatched the boiling kettle by the handle, and thrust the percolating contents right in Fedic’s face.
Fedic screamed and pressed his hands to the boiling flesh upon his face.  Jeffrey rushed him and knocked him over.  Fedic blindly fired another blast of blue energy from his hand, but missed.
Jeffrey hurriedly hobbled into the living room and fired his 38 at the window.
Blam-blam-blam
The glass cracked and splintered.  Jeffrey dove threw it; landing on the fire escape.
Yawing in agony (or possibly rage), Fedic blasted shot after shot from his hands.
Jeffrey climbed over the edge of the iron-grate and down the ladder.  A truant blast dislodged the ladder and set it free.
Jeffrey wrapped his arms around the ladder’s steps as it descended toward the street.  He bounced as the ladder extended as far as it designed.  He held on as long as he could, but the fixture was slippery with rain water and patina.  Losing his grip, Jeffrey fell a few stories before smashing back-first into a taxi slowly perusing the narrow alley between buildings.
An intense pain arched through his spine as his legs went numb.
Was he now a paraplegic?  Would we be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life?
No, he couldn’t let that happen.  He wouldn’t.
The cab driver swiftly exited the car, and snarled, “What the fuck do you think you’re doing?”  He glanced at the fractured windshield of his automobile, and said, “You commit Harry-Carrey on your one time.  But you’re gonna pay for that shit.”
Rolling off the car and onto the street, Jeffrey, gasped, “Yeah, I’ll get right on that.”
The man wore sandals and dirty sweat-pants.  A yellowish A-shirt (more commonly referred to as a “wife-beater”) barely contained his bulbous, hairy form.  An undersized scully-cap crowned his enlarged head.  “I’m serious, pal,” He persisted in his thick, Bronx accent, “someone’s gotta pay for the damage, and it sure as hell ain’t gonna be me.”
Jeffrey laid on the cold, watery street as the rains pattered down from above.
No sign of Fedic.  No sign of anything.
Fedic wanted Mikey’s tablet, but he couldn’t let that happen.  He wouldn’t.
Sure, Fedic was willing and able to destroy anyone who interfered with his mission.
But Jeffrey couldn’t let that happen.
He wouldn’t.
At least, not yet.
He realized his repeating thoughts as circular logic but his head remained swimmy from the plunge he’d just taken.
Troll, the Dog, Rita, and Monty, they were in trouble, and he was the only one standing in between hope and total devastation.
The cab driver marched toward him, and kicked him in the ribs.  “Hey, are you listening to me?”
Jeffrey reached inside Monty’s overcoat, meaning to produce his badge.  But he didn’t find it.  He’d left it on Lt. Kaffe’s desk. Instead, he merely held out his palms as blood seeped from his lacerated hand, and declared, “I’m a Peace Officer, and you’re in violation of interfering with a federal investigation.”
Literally back-peddling, the cab driver conceded his flabby palms, and said, “Hey, forget it, buddy.  Totally my fault.”
Against his better judgement and the agony traversing through his entire body, Jeffrey rose, dusted himself off, and stared up at the descending rain.  Hand pressed against his aching lower back as he scanned upward.  Light shone brightly through the window he’d escaped from but all seemed quiet and still.
Probably not a good sign.
Doubling over, an arch of excruciation coursed down his spine as he coughed and wheezed; expectorating blood on drenched concrete.
He was out.  He was done with all of this.  Sure, but he still had one thing left to do.  And he knew just where to do it.

****

With the camera pressed to his face and his wife standing by his side, Monty said, “Okay, we’re rolling, are you guys sure you’re ready for this?”
“Aye,” replied Troll, “As ready as we’ll ever be, I expect.”
T’was 1 am.  The city skyline cast a crepuscular glow over the metropolitan area as Troll, the Dog, Rita, and Monty stood before the turtle fountain in the center of Grammercy Park.  The deluge stopped and the winds ceased their keening, but cumulonimbus clouds still drizzled with light precipitation.  Trees swayed in the Autumn breeze as the chirpings of nocturnal wildlife (if one could call it that) reverberated off neatly trimmed grass and shrubberies.
Troll turned to the Dog, his oldest, and most trusted companion.  Placing his palms on the Dog’s trim shoulders, he asked, “Are ye ready, my friend?”
The Dog nodded.
“Very well, then Godspeed, and let us by done with this mess.”
The Dog donned everything he entered this strange and hostile world with: His cap, jacket, boots, Al’ber Querian armor, sword, belt of daggers, sniper rifle, and his sole remaining gauntlet.
Troll wore the denim overalls and plaid shirt Monty supplied him with.  The rest of his effects awaited him at Monty and Rita’s flat.
Grasping the Dog’s shoulders, Troll gazed in his eyes, and said, “Bring her back safe.  I’m counting on thee.”
“I will,” replied the Dog.
Monty cleared his throat, and said, “Try to bring back the silver sword, too.”
“What?” asked Troll.
Monty added, “The silver sword.  It almost killed the Dog, and it kills bargs.  I don’t know why, but I think it might have the same effect on the Hellions.”
Face scrunched in confusion; the Dog glared at Monty.
Troll said to the Dog, “Aye, remember after the siege of Krin?  The Wraith asked Fedic where the silver sword was.”
“Yeah,” replied the Dog.  “I dropped it in the house after defeating the Drauger.”
“Aye.  Fedic volunteered to retrieve it.  But the Wraith said it was best left where it lied.  I think the sword was left for thee.”
The Dog asked, “Why?”
Troll opened his mouth to respond, but didn’t exactly know what to say.
Monty chimed, “If this is really all been set up by the Wraith, if he does want you to actually challenge him, then it makes sense that he left ways for you to do it.”
Troll added, “Try to attain the Nou’Hiem Du’tawa, as well, I believe, they will add not only in Monty’s understanding of the events surrounding us, but might help him to start writing again, as well.”
Head downcast, the Dog replied.  “I will.  I’ll try.”
“That is all I can ask of thee.”  Troll sighed deeply.  The aching in his chest had yet to return, but he could feel it waiting like oncoming heartburn.
The Dog gazed at him with yellowish-eyes, and said, “So, bring back Star, the silver sword, and the books.  Anything else?”
Troll couldn’t help but detect a slight facetious inflection.
He said, “I know it seems as though an insurmountable task, but if anyone can pull it off, it is thee.”
“Anything else,” asked the Dog.
“Aye, come back yerself.  Safely, and soundly.”
Troll produced his medallion and Star’s compass and offered them to the Dog.
“What’s this for?”
“The medallion will keep ye safe.  The compass will show thee the closest thin spot should things go awry.”  Troll ran his fingers down his scar and beard, and added, “I expect ye to return them to me in the same condition I bestowed them to thee.”
Once again, the Dog nodded.
Shivering, and clutching her husband, Rita asked, “Does anyone else feel like fish in a barrel out here?  Are we going to do this, or not?”
Staring at the Dog, Troll smiled, and said, “Aye, we’re going to do this.”
They stood there, gazing at each other for what felt like an eternity.
Monty said, “Hey guys, no one hates goodbyes more than me, but if you’re gonna do this, then let’s just do it.”
“Agreed,” replied Troll.  He held his hand out to the Dog, and said, “Safe travels my friend.”
The Dog shook with him and then trotted toward the fountain.
“Wait up, fellas.”
The lot of them turned around to find Jeffrey hobbling toward them.  His ruffled clothing appeared sweaty and soaked.  Dark, congealed pools of blood dotted his face as if he infected with cave-rot.  He said, “You really didn’t think I’d let you leave without saying goodbye.  You know, just in case you don’t make it back.”
Noticing Jeffrey favoring his right knee, Troll asked, “Good God, man, what happened to thee?”
“Doesn’t matter,” replied Jeffrey.
Rita said, “I thought you said you were done with us.”
“I am.  But all the same, letting Dog leave without saying fare-thee-well just seemed wrong.”
Shaking hands with Jeffrey, Troll said, “Much obliged, my friend.”
Tipping his ball cap to the Dog, Jeffrey said, “Good luck.”
The Dog nodded.  Then he turned, sloshed through the fountain, and a blinding flash of blue light emerged.  Then the Dog was gone.
Behind the camera, Monty said, “I sure hope he makes it.”
“He will,” said Troll.  “I have the utmost of faith in the Dog.”
Jeffrey cleared his throat, combed his fingers through his hair, and said, “Yeah, well just in case he doesn’t, would you guys mind saying a prayer for him, that is, if it isn’t too corny.”
“Not at all,” said Troll.
Rita chimed, “I never figured you for the praying type.”
Shrugging, Jeffrey replied, “Yeah, well, you know, when in Rome.”
Troll asked, “What does that mean?”
“Never mind,” replied Jeffrey.
Rita leaned toward Troll, and said, “It’s an antiquated saying.”
Scratching his beard, Troll said, “I see.”  He said, to Jeffrey, “I’m glad ye came back.”
Rita added, “Me too.”
Jeffrey snorted, “Yeah, well how often do you get to witness interdimensional travel.”  After a brief pause, he amended, “Besides, I got nowhere else to be.”
Monty turned off the camera (unless the Dog returned within the next twenty seconds, there was nothing to record anyway).
The four huddled together and wrapped their arms around each other.
Monty said to Troll, “Would you lead us in a prayer?”
“T’would be an honor.”
Troll couldn’t remember the last time he prayed, but it all came back to him as if he’d never stopped.  “Dear Lord, please watch over all of us in these dark and dire times.  Protect the Dog, and lead him to the light, so that he might return with our beloved Star so that we might successfully smite this Wraith in ye’r name and in ye’r honor.”
Troll felt Jeffrey reach his hand into the pocket of Troll’s overalls.  Was he searching for something, or merely feeling up Troll?
No matter.
Troll amended, “In ye’r name we all pray.”
The others resounded in a cacophony of “Amen!”
Sirens and flashing blue-and-red lights encroached.
Troll asked Jeffrey, “What have ye done?”
Jeffrey stammered, “I had to.  I had no choice.”  He showed them the tablet he’d slipped out of Troll’s pocket, and said, “All they want is this.”
Rita soughed.
Monty growled, “Traitor.”
Troll snarled, “I should brain thee for this.”
One palm outstretched, the other clutching Officer Johnson’s tablet, Jeffrey said, “You don’t understand.  He threatened to kill my parents and Dr. Starkey.”
Troll asked, “Who?”
Jeffrey snorted, “Who do you think?  Fedic.”
Troll grumbled, “And ye led him right to us, didn’t thee?”
Jeffrey replied, “They already knew where we were going.  They knew what we were planning.  Fedic said he’d leave you alone to try and save Star.  All he wants is the tablet.”
Towering over Jeffrey, Troll hissed through clenched teeth, “And ye allowed this, didn’t thee?  Do ye not know that the Wraith and all his ill-gotten ilk are nothing more than a pack of liars.”
Jeffrey said, “I couldn’t take that chance.”
Squad cars and blaring sirens and bar-lights surmounted them.
Jeffrey gazed into Troll’s gape, and asked, “Would you have risked it if they threatened to murder everyone and anyone you ever care about?”
Would he?
The old Troll would’ve vehemently proclaimed, “No, of course not.”
But now he just didn’t’ know.
Troll asked, “What would ye have me do?”
Jeffrey limped forward, stared Troll in the eyes, and said, “Run.  Just fucking run.”
Troll said, “Ye disappoint me.”
“I’m sorry.  You have to believe me.  I had no cho--”
Fshwoom

****

Jeffrey lay paralyzed on the dew stained grass as stinging, tingling needles coursed through his entire frame.
Fedic and a cadre of masked peace officers marched forward.  Their leather boots plodded through pools of rain water.
With every ounce of strength he could muster, Jeffrey held up the confiscated tablet.  He meant to say, “Here it is, I got it for you.”
But he couldn’t even move his mouth.
Fedic leaned over him and snatched the tablet from his trembling grasp.  Fedic turned to his men and handed over the device.  He said, “Here, destroy this piece of contraband.”
A masked officer took it and thrust it upon the grass.  Two more officers approached and smashed the tablet to smithereens with their batons.
Grinning menacingly, Fedic asked Jeffrey, “See, now that wasn’t so hard, was it?”
Jeffrey quavered, “So, you’ll leave them alone?”
“Is that what I promised?”  Fedic stood erect and placed his hands on his leather-clad hips.  “Well, I suppose a promise is a promise.”  Pivoting toward Monty, he said, “Hand over the camera.”
Monty glanced at Fedic, at the camcorder in his trembling grip, then back at Fedic before handing over the gadget.
Fedic said, “Don’t you have a book to write.”
Monty stood there shaking.
Rita nodded.
Fedic said, “Well, then get to it.”
Monty and Rita shuffled off without looking back.
No-doubt, if they did, Fedic would change his mind and kill them out-right.
That painful, tingling sensation began to abate, and once more Jeffrey was able to move; but only the slightest.
An officer asked Fedic, “What do we do now?”
Fedic replied, “Now we take this son-of-a-bitch into custody.  He’s got a lot to answer for.”
Jeffrey arched his already aching back.  His head felt light and swimmy.  The last thing his foggy oculars managed to visualize before all faded to black was Troll running for his life.

****


6

Troll ran until his legs numb and his veins pumped acid.  Until he could barely breath and his heart beat so wildly he thought it would explode in his chest.  Until the sweat poured out of him like skeins of a fall storm.  When he could no longer run, he trotted along barely at a jog.  And when he no longer of even keeping that pace he slogged along the cold, cement sidewalks.  He couldn’t help but feel Fedic and the peace officers’ presence around every corner.  Constantly he glanced behind him until the act made him dizzy.
Gasping and wheezing he forced himself onward until certain he safe.  But he knew he would never be safe again for the rest of his miserable life.
As he raced from Grammercy Park and deeper into the heart of the city, the sun slowly rose above towering structures of glass and steel and slithered beneath low hanging clouds that plunged this world into eternal gray.
Had Joshua King’s men killed Jeffrey?  What about Monty and Rita?
With the Dog literally worlds away and Star dead, the concept of absolute solitude sent slivers of ice through his soul.  His chest throbbed and his left shoulder tingled with that old familiar sensation of an oncoming heart attack.
Panting, he pressed a clammy palm upon a frigid concrete wall and fetched the bottle of nitro pills from his jean pocket.  He dry-swallowed two tablets; nearly choking on them as he forced them down his parched esophagus.
Wouldn’t that just be the icing on the cake; him choking on this world’s medicines; and after everything he’d endured; to keel over from such tiny objects.
He stood there for a few minutes as his heart settled to a calmer cadence.  A cool autumn breeze arose, chilling his sweat-saturated flesh.  His perspiration drenched clothes stuck to his skin and his already itchy crotch area.
The klaxon in his head faded as the sounds and aromas of this universe encapsulated him once more.  He heard the sputtering of motorized carriages and the prattling of pedestrians crowding this already over populated realm.  The honking of horns and blinking of preternatural lights that blazed even during the brightness of day.  The caustic aroma of filth violated his nostrils; this kingdom was saturated with that scent, as if this place, New York, such as it was, built over the decaying remains of a long-forgotten sewer.
A man donning oddly pressed, blue clothes and a tether dangling from his neck, shouldered into Troll.  Troll had learned this style of garment was what passed as a suit in this world.  The man held a leather case in one hand.  The other swayed at his side as he strode.  The man was talking loudly.  At first Troll thought the man conversing with himself, then he noticed an unusual adornment in the man’s ear.  For a moment, Troll imagined it a large, black insect attempting to burrow in the man’s temporal orifice.  But t’was actually a device that allowed the wearier to communicate with their tablet without the use of hands.
As he bumped into Troll, the man snarled, “Hey, watch it, asshole!”
Ordinarily, Troll would’ve met such disdain with an apology and friendly greeting; attempting to turn a potential foe into a friend.  He no longer possessed the will to try, nor the strength to even if he did.
He pressed onward, keeping his palm on the wall for balance as the coarse material scrapped across his skin.  He briefly entertained the notion of producing his staff.  But quickly dispelled it.  His staff and thusly, his magic cloak were back at Monty and Rita’s pad.
He ventured to the end of the building and toward an intersection.  People and vehicles zoomed past in all directions.  There, at the foot of the sidewalk and just before the street, a metal pole jut out of the ground like some artificial tree.  Crowning the pole were two signs that also intersected each other.  Words were writ upon the signs designating street names.  But his vision slightly blurred, and even if it hadn’t, the sign would do him no good.  He didn’t know the street names nor his relation to where he was and his destination.  But there inlaid the problem, what was his destination?  Alas, he didn’t know.  But he couldn’t just wander around the city all day.  What if the wrong people spotted him?  He surmised the only reasonably safe place for him to hang his proverbial hat was Monty and Rita’s apartment.  But he had no idea where he was or how to get back there.  Perhaps, had he not been imprisoned in a hospital he might know his way around this world a little better.  Or had he a chip implanted in his wrist and tablet; he could simply zoom directions.
He scanned the sea of strange faces and vehicles clogging the avenues between behemoth structures.  No one paid any notice of him.  His thoughts whisked back to his first few days in Al’ber Que, where he intrepidly perused the empire’s streets without fear.  Now, he felt like just another passer-byer who cared nothing of the pursuits of those amid the throng.
Deciding to continue along the same path, he advanced toward the street.  He stepped from the curb and a giant truck flew passed him, blaring its horn.
Someone grasped him by the shoulder, and said, “Hey, watch it there, buddy, ya gotta wait for the crosswalk.”  The man was burly with large, hairy knuckles.  He sported jeans and a blue flannel shirt.  His curly, salt-and-pepper hair horseshoed around his forehead.
“The what?” asked Troll.
Nodding toward another, higher sign post, he amended, “The crosswalk, ya gotta wait for the light to change.  You know, when that red hand turns into a white walking figure.”
Troll gazed at the box-like object humming with an electrical buzz that displayed lights oriented in the form of an outstretched palm signaling for one to halt.
Bushy, caterpillar-like brows furrowed, bottom lip protruding, the man asked, “What are ya stupid, or something?”
Troll replied, “If by stupid ye mean ignorant to the ways of this world, then aye, I’m indeed dumb.”
The man just gawked at Troll with a dumbfounded look painting his dour, wrinkled face before slowly scuttling away from Troll.
At least he hadn’t lost his touch at making people inherently uncomfortable.  He not only found this thought humorous, but it assuaged his somber mood some, as well.
He stood there staring at the rectangular ornament until, sure enough, that red palm morphed into a white stick figure that did indeed resemble the visage of a striding man.  Then he followed the mob across to the next block, like exiles plodding from one island to another, or worse yet, an exodus from the mines and the deep, deep dark.
Where was he?  What was doing?  Where was he going?  A sudden epiphany struck his mental plane like a bolt of lightning igniting a dry field into embers:  He’d been lost; a wandering nomad for a long, long time.  Perhaps that was the cruel cosmic joke of it all, God’s purpose for him.  To have no purpose.  No home.  No origin or destination.  He shook those cerebrations away as cars crept into the intersection.  Naturally, he quickened his pace to avoid being rundown – again.  The others strolled alongside him and continued in their oblivious gait; unconcerned as the flow of traffic recommenced.  Once on the other side he breathed a little easier, but only briefly.  He still needed to find his way back to Monty and Rita’s place, so long as it hadn’t been ransacked by emissaries of Joshua King.
He perused the signs, symbols, and emblems that garishly festooned every bare space as he meandered on.  And even though he could read the words and got the gist of most the glyphs, he left bereft of the meaning behind it all.  If only there were signposts, he could understand.  Perhaps maybe there remained a way for him to accomplish navigating this God forsaken kingdom.  But how?
He journeyed on as the crowd thinned.  The alleyways incipiently narrowed.  The buildings shrunk to a less menacing stature.  Glossy walls became stained with brightly colored letters and ideograms, the meaning of which he could only speculate at.
To his left, boys trounced around a concrete courtyard with white paints marks, no-doubt designating boundaries.  They bounced a large ball; attempting to toss it into a hoop fashioned into a flat, backboard surface.  Chains dangled from the hoop that jangled audibly whenever the ball passed through it.  The children were all of dark complexion like the natives of Krin.  He doubted there any relation.
To his right, pigeons pecked at metallic receptacles overflowing with putrid refuse.  He hadn’t seen pigeons since Al’ber Que.  Once again, his ruminations turned toward the empire and his time there with his friends.  He knew pigeons reminiscent to flying disease-spreading vermin.  At least they weren’t bats with their beady eyes, veiny wings, and spiny teeth.
His cogitations whisked back to Silverdale; their final night and his first encounter with the Wraith.  A tremulous shiver coursed through every fiber of his being.
Up ahead, a small child set upon a stair stoop.  She hummed and bobbed her head as she colored the sidewalk with fat, individually colored sticks.
He couldn’t help but think of Anne and the way she nodded her head to the rhythm of scrubbing soiled linens.
Troll ambled on, making pains to keep as much distance from the child and himself as possible so not to give her a fright.
As he passed, she ceased her humming and gazed up at him.
“Hola.”
“I beg ye’r pardon.  Are ye addressing me?” He asked, glancing around.
“Si.”
He knew this language.  Was it possible this child with tan skin and dusky hair spoke Al’ber Querian?  Impossible.
Stooping, hands on his knees, he asked, “Do thee not fear me?”
“MmmMm,” she replied, shaking her head.  Then she said something indecipherable and somewhat run together.
Perhaps she didn’t speak Al’ber Querian after all.
“Do ye speak English?”
“Si.  Yes.”
“Then, please, pre-tell child, what did thee just say to me?”
“I asked if you were lost.”
Troll chuckled, “Is it that obvious?”
The girl with tan skin wore a dirty, yellow dress.  Her dark, stringy hair obfuscated her slender face.  “Si, and you talk funny.”
“So, I have been told.”
Frowning, her cheeks scrunched together, revealing slight dimples.  She amended, “And you look lost.  You must be lost.”
“My dear, a more solemn truth there was never uttered.”
She giggled, exposing a brilliant smile devoid of a few deciduous incisors.
Gesturing toward the long, brightly colored, cylindrical objects within her tight, pudgy grasp, he asked, “What is that ye have there?”
“Chalk,” she replied.
For the utmost of brevity, he could have sworn she uttered the word, choke.  And he cerebrated on nearly choking on the nitro capsules less than an hour ago.  He discreetly patted his pocket of his denim overalls, ensuring the vital container and its occupants still nestled away within the confines of his jeans.  They were.
“And what is this chalk ye claim to have.”
Thin brow scrunched, chin jutting out, she gaped at him as most so often did.
Obviously, she understood his jargon not.  Rephrasing his inquiry, he asked again, “What do thee use it for?”
“Drawing,” she replied, gazing down at the pictorial before her feet.
Running his palm down his scar and beard, he cupped his chin, and said, “Ah, I see, and what is it thee are drawing?”
“A kitty-cat.” She replied without hesitation.
Swatting his forehead, he said, “Ah, of course it is.  And what a lovely cat it is.  Be it ye’rs?”
“It was.”  Bottom lip protruding, brown-eyes shimmering with rheum, she said, “Daisy died.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.  How did she die.”
“Everything dies, senior.  Don’t you know that?”
A wake of somberness shuddered beneath his pectorals, yet he steadied it.  “Aye, my dear, unfortunately, I do.”
Offering a white stick of chalk, she said, “Here, you try.”
Eyeing the assortment of colors curled within her grip, his gaze rested upon a yellow one worn down to nearly a nub.
“I thank thee, my dear, but might I have that one?” he asked, pointing at it.
Gape dithering between him and the stick of chalk, she hesitated.
“I apologize,” he said, reassessing the canary-hued dress she wore as he conceded his palms.  “T’is ye’r favorite, isn’t it?  Of course, it is.”
“Yellow’s my favorite color.”
His thoughts became plagued by the color of yellow, or, more aptly, gold.  Star’s golden locks.  Her compass.  Sunrise over Silverdale.  The twinkle in the Dog’s eyes whenever he turned feral.  “Aye,” he said, “I suppose t’is mine, as well.”
“We could share it.” She said, reluctantly offering the small powdery baton.  Her chubby cheeks dimpled again as her bottom lip slightly protruded.
“Aye, I suppose we could.  But what should I draw?”
“Whatever you want.  Whatever is in your heart.  That’s what I do.”
“Very well.”  He reached for it.  The tips of their fingers nearly touched when the door at the top of the stoop swung open with a bang.
A young woman wearing stretch pantaloons and oversized crew-neck shirt with tan skin and dusky hair stormed down the steps, arms swinging as the marched toward Troll and the young girl.  “Miha, how many times do I have to tell you not to talk to strangers.”
But, madre,” pouted the girl, “Everyone is a stranger at first.”
Troll couldn’t have stated the obvious better had he said it himself.
The woman snatched the girl’s hand (and the chalk sticks curled within), Glowered at Troll, and snarled, “And you, senior, you should be ashamed of yourself.”
“Should I?” jested Troll.  “I’ll be sure to make a note of it,” he amended, inexplicably feeling a bit more like his old self again.
 The mother tugged at her daughter; hauling her back up the stone steps and back into the tenement.  Before the door slammed shut, the girl turned and waved at Troll, her hand still full of powdery chalk sticks.
Troll reciprocated the salutation.
Then something rolled into his big toe.  He gazed down and found the yellow chalk stick nearly worn down to the nub.  He stared at it for a moment as if it some foreign, unidentified object.  The longer he gawked at it the more brilliant the stick blossomed in color, as if it imbued in some sort of halo.  He bent over and retrieved it from the sidewalk and the chalk pictorial of the girl’s deceased kitty-cat.  He raised the small baton up to his face; close to his nose, as if he having trouble reconciling the object for that which he knew it was, and thusly, what it used for.
To his left and across the street, the ball plunged through the hoop and the chains descending beneath it rattled, as if the carillon of church bells calling for conclave.
The worn chalk stick seemingly illuminated evermore as the children across the street cheered jovially at the game underway.
Gazing at the stick adoringly, he thought, what should I draw?
Whatever you want.  Whatever is in your heart.
Rightly so.  But what did he want?  What did his heart desire besides Star?
A purpose.  A path.
For some reason he reflected on the time just before his trinity met Byron outside of Silverdale.  The way the Dog ventured ahead of them, mowing down tall-grass with diligent swipes of his gauntlet blades while’st he and Star chatted and smacked away skeeters.
Much like the cur, he’d chosen his weapon, or more appropriately, one had been bestowed upon him by a child that reminded him of Anne.  Now all he needed was to clear a path.  Now he knew how to do that, or at least, an inkling as how to start.
His memories whisked back to Al’ber Que and awakening from a horrid dream about the Dog and Anne down in the mines, or maybe it was Byron, he couldn’t remember, but a ghastly reverie, none-the-less.  He awoke in a chilling sweat.  Then God spoke to him.  God only spoke two words, but it was more than enough to get Troll on his feet and propel him on a vision-quest that inevitably led him on a disaster-course to this very place and time; this very spot in the fabric of existence.
The chalk in his hand seemed to vibrate.  Pulling it closer to his face, his vision blurred and his head felt swimmy, but not in an unpleasant way.
His mind filled with an image of Star smiling brilliantly.  Her golden curls aglow as she danced; twirling in the sunlight.  This was not a memory.  T’was a prophecy.  One he could make real.
Now he possessed a method with which to navigate this world.
Once more God commanded him to proceed; to advance.  To waltz headlong into the fray as he had so many times before.
Now, walk.
So, he did.

****

Doctor Mary-Anne Starkey gazed at the vitals report on her tablet and then at her patient sitting on the exam table, and then back at her tablet again.  She didn’t know what to make of this.  The symptoms this man displayed were more peculiar than Troll’s.
And what of Troll?  She couldn’t stop thinking about him.  Did the experimental treatment work on him?  Would he even be so brash to try it?  What if the board found out what she’d done?  If she lucky, she’d only lose her license.  But alas, she couldn’t worry about that now.  What did bedevil her is if simply wearing a surgical mask was enough protection if her patient’s ailment proved communicable.
Her patient smiled wanly, and said, “Give it to me straight, doc.  How bad is it?”
He appeared pallid and sweaty.  Dark rings adorned his sunken, bloodshot eyes.  Necrotic, black spots dotted his tongue.
Mary-Anne swiped her index-finger across her tablet and the screen displayed his personal information.  Sighing, she replied, “Honestly, sir, I don’t know.  I’ve never seen anything like this before.”
And it was true.  She had no clue what this was or whom she could even refer this man to.
“I’ve never seen symptoms like this,” she continued.  She scanned the man’s allergies:  Shellfish, Erythromycin, and some over-the-counter fabric softeners.  “Let me ask you this, have you recently made any drastic changes to your diet?”
“No.”
“What about fabric softeners?  Have you or your wife recently bought any new products?”
“You can’t really be suggesting my laundry detergent caused this?”  He gestured to his pallid, sudoriferous face.
“No, I’m just spit-balling here.  Are you currently on any medications?”
“Just Centrum Silver, but I’ve been taking that for years without any adverse side effects.”
“Well then, help me out here, have you recently been exposed to anything out of the ordinary?”
Glassy gaze downcast, he gulped deeply.  His face scrunched up as if the act excruciating.  “No,” he replied, “not that I can think of.”
She didn’t need to be a detective to know he was lying.  But why?  How would deception help her aide him.  She didn’t know.  Perhaps that was part of the mystery.  Perhaps he knew what happened to him and was either too ashamed or embarrassed to tell her.
“Are you sure?  You can tell me.  Even if it’s something you don’t want your family to know about.  I’m sworn by the Hippocratic Oath to never disclose--”
“I know what the Hippocratic Oath is, doctor!”  He snarled, exposing his teeth.  His gums had receded several millimeters further from where they should be.
Nitrile covered palms outstretched, she said, “Please, sir, calm down.”
“Calm down!  Calm down?  I’ve been sitting in that waiting room for nearly two hours, only to be seen by a doctor that can’t seem to tell me anything other than ask me if I’m using a new brand of laundry soap.  Tell me doc, do I look like I’m suffering from dermatitis?”
Exasperated, heart fluttering for the first time since she could remember, Mary-Anne replied, “No, sir, you don’t.”
“Then tell me what you do know.”
“Uh, okay.  The black spots on your tongue could be due to a sedentary lifestyle coupled with excessive smoking and alcohol abuse.”
His wrinkly, splotched face contorted in rage, he sneered, “That’s absurd, I don’t smoke and I rarely ever--”
“Please, sir, you asked me what I know, so I’m telling you.”
Arms crossed, he grumbled sourly.
“Eating plenty of fruit and drinking water would aid in that regard.  Or they could be a sign of a bacterial or yeast build up on the tongue, which is also treatable.  Your receding gums could be a sign of advanced periodontal disease, but this is something progressive which wouldn’t have occurred in the past few days.  The dark rings and bloodshot eyes could be symptoms of stress, insomnia, or some sort of ocular irritation.  Your pale, sweaty skin and muscle aches are symptomatic of a fever, yet you don’t seem to have one.”
“So, what are you saying?”
“What I’m saying is that everything you are experiencing, singularly is not only explainable, but treatable.  Together, they all point to one sign, that you were exposed to something.  Based on your bloodwork and toxicology exam, you show no signs of anything.  Not even radiation poisoning, which by the way, we did test for.  Furthermore, you show no signs of inflammation or swelling, which rules out infections of pretty much any kind.  So, I’m going to ask you once more, were you exposed to anything, anything at all in recent days that you’d like to indulge.”
“No.”  Teeth clenched, small amounts of crimson pooled between his gums and teeth.
“Mr., Harrington, please help me help you.”
Beady, blood-shot gape menacingly narrowed, he growled, “Doctor.”
“Excuse me?”
“Doctor Harrington.”
She swept her exam gloved finger across her tablet’s face again and scanned the information presented.
“That’s right, Alexander Harrington, doctor of experimental physics, and you’ve been employed by Kingdom Inc. for the past twelve years, right.”
“You’re the doctor.”
“Tell me, doctor Harrington, what exactly does a doctor in experimental physics do at Kingdom Inc.?”
“That’s classified.”
She’d heard that song before.  It was the same one Anne had been singing since taking employment from Joshua King.  A could shudder coursed its way up her spine and suddenly she felt terribly afraid for Anne.  She’d zoom her longest and best friend as soon as her next break came and make sure she all right.
“Then why didn’t you go and see one of the company’s physicians?  Why would you come to a public hospital?”
“Be..because…because I was scared.”  His rheum spangled gape shimmered and his square jaw trembled slightly.
“Scared of what, Doctor Harrington?”
He sniffled and ran a quivering hand under his nose.  “Nevermind.  Doesn’t matter.  I knew this was a mistake coming here.”
“Why is it a mistake?  Don’t you want to get better?”
“Phh.”  Spittle flew from cracked, chapped lips.
Good thing she donned her glasses and a surgical mask.
In nearly a whimper, he amended, “No one can help me.”
Sighing, she slid her tablet into her coat pocket and made a mental note to clean it with an antibacterial wipe before touching it with her bare hands.  “Tell me, Dr. Harrington, is your family displaying any of the same symptoms as you?”
Sniffling again, he wiped the lacrimation from his eyes, and said, “No.”
Gazing at his shaking digits, she opened her mouth to say something, but decided better of it.  Good thing her face hidden behind her exam mask.  Instead, she said, “Well, that’s good.  Most infectious diseases carry an incubation rate of twenty-four to forty-eight hours.”
“Meaning what?”
“Meaning, if they haven’t started showing the same symptoms as you, then there’s a good chance, in fact, a really good chance that they never will.  It also means that what you have isn’t communicable.”
“I suppose that is good news.”
“It is.”
Scratching at his broad, flakey forehead, he asked, “But what does that mean for me?”
He really needed to stop doing that.
She retrieved her trusted tablet once more and began to key the device’s face.
“I’m zooming you the information to a colleague of mine.  She’s a specialist.  I suggest you make an appointment to see her as soon as possible.”
Exhaling meekly, he replied, “Thank you, doctor, I’ll be sure to do that.”  He arose from the exam table as the paper covering crinkled.
“One more thing,” she amended, “You work for Kingdom Inc., correct?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Perhaps your affliction, while perplexing, is somehow stress related.  Maybe you should take some time off.”
Sniffling, he dabbed the snot running from his nose with thumb and fore-finger, and said, “Thank you, doctor, I think I might just do that.”  He held out his hand for her to shake it.
She didn’t.  Instead, she said, “Get some rest.  Spend some time with your family.  And if your situation worsens, please don’t hesitate to call.”
Then she took her leave to allow her patient time to redress and compose himself.  The door behind her slid closed with a pneumatic whoosh.  For the first time since med school her skin actually crawled.  She tore the exam mask, cap, and nitrile gloves and tossed them into the trash receptacle with disdain.  She poured a copious amount of antibacterial soap on her hands and scrubbed them under hot water for almost a full two minutes.  Until her swarthy skin burned and tingled.
“Are you all right, Doctor Starkey?” asked an intern with short blond hair and blue-eyes.
She couldn’t remember his name.  Then again, most doctors didn’t bother with the frivolity of names of interns.
“Yeah, yeah, just fine.”
Not that she didn’t care about interns.  They were merely trying to learn the arduous craft of medicine.  But she’d rather have Susan, her regular RN there.  But Susan had taken a personal day.
Once more, her thoughts became a whirlwind of memories:  Troll’s mysterious appearance and emancipation.  Susan being found in his room; hypnotized.  Her date with Jeffrey.  Him skipping town only to resurface under strange circumstances only to ask for her assistance in Troll’s plight.  Anne forsaking all her inspirational endeavors in lieu of taking employment at Kingdom Inc.  And now this; another perplexing case.  She remembered telling Jeffrey on their date that she’d gone into this line of work because it the hardest thing she’d ever done.  That Troll’s case would be all the more rewarding once she figured it out simply because it difficult.  Now, she faced with another head-scratcher.  Head-scratcher.  That caused her to shiver all the more.
“Doctor Starkey, are you sure you’re okay.”
“Yes.  I said I’m fine.  Now go about your rounds.”
“I’m on break.”
Stressed and confused, she snapped, “Then go on break and stop bothering me.”
“Yes, doctor.”  He quickly arose and shuffled off without so much as a second glance in her general direction.
She snatched a disinfectant wipe from the nurses’ station and cleaned her tablet, all the while ruminating about how Dr. Harrington continually wiped his nose, dabbed at his eyes, and scratched his head.  She meant to tell him not to do that but thought better of.  After all, what good would come of it?  She wanted to sound reassuring, not worry him.  Good job she’d done at that, though.  But a person displaying unexplainable symptoms who continually touched their face…
“Doctor Starkey,” said June, an Asian receptionist with short jet-black hair and wearing powder-blue scrubs stationed at the nurses’ desk said.  “We’ve got another patient for you.”
“Give it to Dr. Hill.”
“I would but I think you should take it.”
“Why?”
“Because the patient is displaying the same symptoms similar to your last patient.”
She was about to ask June to zoom her the details but she didn’t need to.  Her tablet vibrated, informing her the information had already been sent.  Keying the tablet’s face, she perused the patient’s pertinent info; discovering they too worked at Kingdom Inc.
Almond-shaped dark-brown-eyes narrowed in a quizzical manner, June asked, “Do you still want me to zoom Dr. Hill?”
Mouth impossibly dry, she gulped, and said, “No, no, I’ll take it.”
She glanced around and her intestines seemed to bunch into knots.
June adjusted her glasses and continued keying her tablet.
Further down the hall, the blond intern with blue-eyes scratched the side of his nose.
A wheel-chair bound octogenarian coughed brusquely into his hand.
She needed to zoom Anne and see how she was feeling.
So many sick people confined in one place, and constantly touching their faces.  That’s exactly how an epidemic spread.

****

Former Peace Officer Jeffrey Jessip sat upon the single cot crammed in a staunch 6x8 cell.  Flickering fluorescent lights hummed from above.  The uncirculated air felt chilly and sterile.  The shiny glass door imprisoning him seemed as glossy and tabular as the walls and floor encapsulating him.  He wore an orange jumper and plastic sandals that made his feet sweat and created an itching, burning sensation between his toes.  He briefly ruminated into how many people had worn those same sandals before him and if they properly disinfected before each use.  He surmised he already knew the answer to that.
He wasn’t the only one down here.  Other inmates confined in their own solitary cells.  Most of them were career criminals awaiting trial or sentencing.  Others were habitual drug users or drunk drivers.  But unlike them, Jeffrey was no criminal.  He couldn’t have felt more out of place were he at a black-tie-affair amidst celebrities and foreign dignitaries.  Luckily, none of the other inmates recognized him as a Peace Officer.  Of course, it wouldn’t have mattered if they did.  Once that glass panel slid home, that’s where you stayed.  If one needed to void their bowels, they simply made us of the commode in the corner.  When it was time to eat, he was fed through a slot in the plate-glass veneer.  When one wanted to zoom their loved ones (or lawyer) they were allotted five minutes a day with a tablet.  Except of course, for Jeffrey, who wasn’t allowed contact with anyone on the outside.  He wasn’t even entirely sure what specific charge he being held on.  Not the explosion in the department.  That had been discreetly swept under the rug.  And even though the detaining officers didn’t tour him through the entire facility, from what he gathered, all damages had already been promptly repaired.  No one had even made mention of the wanton destruction, as if it never happened.  As if the whole ordeal only transpired within his imagination.
“Rosey, hey, Rosey, ya still here?” called a raspy voice from further down the hall.
“Still here, Pink,” replied another with a nasal and slightly effeminate diction.
“When do you see the judge?”
“Don’t know, Friday, maybe.”
The other inmates often called out to each other.  Making small talk.  It was all they could do to fill their time.
How long had he been here?  A day?  Maybe two?  Time seemed to stand still in the stir.  It crawled slower than a snail in winter or the incipient itching creeping up the hollows of his toes towards his ankles.  Perhaps they’d simply lock him away forever.  Who would know?  He didn’t belong here, not with the real criminals, but that’s not what disturbed him.  What really baked his bread was the fact that nobody would know what happened to him.  Not his parents.  Not Dr. Starkey.  Rita or Monty.  Not Troll.  No one.  They’d just lock him away and throw away the key just as they did the Dog.  Perhaps they’d label him another John Doe and hide him away in the very same bunker they put the Dog after his mysterious arrival into this world.
“Hey, Rosey, ya still here?”  Pink asked this several times an hour every hour until he fell asleep.
“Ya, Pink, I’m still here.  Where the fuck do you think I’m gonna go, Detroit?”
Suddenly, he hated Troll for getting him into this jam.  But that wasn’t entirely fair.  He was the curious one who kept trying to dig to the bottom of what was going on.  He’s the one who willingly assisted in freeing both Troll and the Dog.  It was his idea to go upstate, and his idea to come back.  And when he finally did conjure the horse-sense to walk away, he’s the one who sold Troll and his friends out.  Where did that get him?  Yet, he couldn’t help but blame Troll for it.  It might not have been fair, but he couldn’t help the way he felt.
“Hey Rosey, what do you say to the chick with two black eyes?”
“I don’t know, Pink, what?”
“Nothing, you already told the bitch twice.”
“Nice.”
A couple prisoners howled in laughter, but their merriment was abruptly cut short.
“Shut up, you slime balls.”
Jeffrey knew that voice.  It was the one that betrayed him.
The plodding of polished boots advanced toward his cell until Fedic stood before the clear, paneled door dressed in the white leather garbs of a Peace Officer.
“Good afternoon,” he said grinning ear-to-ear.  His eyes resumed their natural slate gray hue.  “I trust you slept well last night.”
Rubbing a palm through his greasy mange, Jeffrey sneered, “Does it look like I slept well.”
“Not really, but appearances have a tendency to be misleading.”
“What do you want fuck stick?  I mean, Officer Futnick.”
“We have unfinished business.”
Jeffrey slowly arose to his burning, itchy feet.  Strode toward the glass.  Pressed his fingers into the transparent door, and said, “That so?”
“The tablet you gave me.  It wasn’t Officer Johnson’s.  It was yours, wasn’t it?”
“What makes you say that?”
Fedic leaned toward the glass, and whispered, “Because that little piece of evidence we’ve been after, the recording of that mutt’s arrival here, it wasn’t on there.”
“Maybe it’s because I erased it.”  Now it was Jeffrey’s turn to smile.  How could he not?
“I thought about that.  So, I checked into it.  The tablet you gave me is encoded to the chip in your wrist, and thusly, your DNA.  It can’t be Officer Johnson’s.  It’s yours.  Isn’t it?”
“Are you asking me or telling me?”
“I guess I’m telling you.  So now, let me ask you, where is the tablet?”
“Which one?”
“Don’t play games with me, you know the one I’m talking about.”
“Actually, in here,” tapping the glass, he amended, “I have nothing but time for games.  It helps the days pass more pleasurably.”
“Come on Jessip, we had a deal.”
And that was true.
After he’d escaped his harrowing encounter with Fedic at his apartment.  Jeffrey slunk into an alleyway, figuring it a good place to hide.  He was wrong.  A few times, Fedic mentioned he could sense Jeffrey’s energy.  Evidently that was true.
Fedic glissaded from above and out of the shadows; cornering him.  Fedic promised to murder his parents and Dr. Starkey if he didn’t deliver both the tablet and the current where-a-bouts of Troll and his friends.  So, he did.  All the while thinking that an opportunity might arise to double-cross Fedic.  But Fedic was more formidable than he expected.  Ordinarily, he’d never make such assumptions, but Troll’s stories left him under the impression Fedic easily manipulated.  Maybe that was the real ace up Fedic’s sleeve the entire time; the idea that people could constantly underestimate him until it too late.
Fedic’s hands clasped and the gloves he wore made the unmistakable sound of tightening leather around flesh; returning Jeffrey to the here and now.  Fedic said, “Furthermore, I can make your incarceration here decidedly unpleasant.”
“Oh, yeah?” he challenged.
“Perhaps I bring your parents down here or Dr. Starkey.  Put them in the cell right across from you so can have the pleasure of watching me torture and kill them.”
If Fedic was trying to scare him, it wasn’t working.  In fact, all Fedic succeeded in was pissing him off.  The anger within him kindled like the burning sensation between his sweaty toes.  He desperately wanted to scratch his feet, but didn’t dare.  No-doubt, that would be construed as a sign of weakness; one he could ill afford.
Teeth clenched, he snarled, “Try it.  Just you try it.”
“I wouldn’t have to try anything.  I’d simply zoom them and tell them we detained you on sum bullshit charge or another.  Have them come down here to see you, and presto-bingo, it would be like dropping dynamite into a barrel of fish.”
“You really think any of them would believe that crap?”
Shrugging, he added, “Or I suppose I could simply drag them down here by their short hairs, whichever you prefer.  Doesn’t really matter to me.  So long as I get results.”
Jeffrey heard his teeth grinding together like huge, stone boulders; felt the rage tremoring through the muscles in his body.
“Or you could simply give me what I want and I’ll leave them alone.  I might even let you go.”
Jeffrey roared, “I already gave you what you wanted.”
“You gave up your friends.  But not the tablet.”
“What the fuck does that matter?  Why does it mean so much to you?”
“It matters, simply, because I want it.  And you will give me what I want or I’ll kill everyone who’s ever met you while you wallow away here in this cell for the rest of your days.  I’ll personally see to it that you are served the most nutritious meals and are provided the best healthcare, and should you refuse to eat, we’ll jam a feeding tube down your throat.  You’ll live longer than you ever thought possible.  And all the while I’ll leave the corpses of your loved ones in the cell right across from you so you can watch them decompose.  Have you ever watched someone die?  The sheer terror on their face when they realize this is it?  They’re not going to walk away from it.  It’s not going to be some story they tell their friends at parties.  That their time has truly come.  At first, it’s like disbelief.  And then absolute terror washes over them as the light fades from their eyes.”
“You’re a fucking monster.”
“Sometimes the departed will occasionally take a big, raspy breath as their lungs attempt to keep circulating oxygen into their deceased corpse.  Over time, the skin erodes, making it appear that nails and skin keep growing, but they don’t.  Flesh turns gray and ashy as it flakes away.  Meat rots.  So, on and so forth.  I’d love to divulge all the details, but that would deprive you of…how did you put it?  Ah yes, making time pass more pleasurably.”
Quivering in rage, palms pressed so tightly against the glass his wrists hurt, Jeffrey snarled, “When I get out of here, and I will, I’m gonna fucking kill you.  See that I don’t.”
Fedic hooked his thumbs in his belt.  Leather made an audible creasing sound.  He chuckled, “I’ll do you one better.  Give me the tablet and I’ll let you go.  Plus, I’ll leave the ones you care about alone.”
“I already told you asshole!  I don’t have it!”
“Who does?  Someone must.”
Balling his fists, and squaring off, Jeffery said, “Step inside and I’ll tell you.”  But he knew his boast didn’t hold water.  As much as he wanted to kick Fedic’s ass he couldn’t take him.  He knew it.  What was more, he knew Fedic knew that he knew it.  So, what could he do?  He didn’t have the tablet.  He didn’t even know where it was.  He knew where he saw it last.  But with everything that transpired, would Troll and the others be so careless as to leave it where it was?  He wouldn’t.  He would’ve stashed it somewhere no one would ever find it.  But had they?
Smiling, exposing teeth, Fedic said, “Tell you what, why don’t I give you a couple more days to think my offer over?”
Then he took his leave before Jeffrey could respond.  Didn’t matter.  He had nothing to say.  He collapsed onto his cot, thumping his back audibly against the smooth wall as he wiped the clammy sweat beading his brow.  He felt defeated; drained.  As if Fedic had been surreptitiously draining his energy the entire course of their conversation.
What could he do?  One thing remained, if Fedic even attempted harming his folks he’d find a way to escape and rain fiery Hell upon Fedic and all his associates.  But how?  How could he exact his vengeance upon Fedic when he couldn’t even physically touch him?  He needed to formulate a plan, and it had to revolve around Mikey’s tablet.
Jeffrey pounded his fists into his temples, and said, “Think, think, damnit.  You’re a detective.  How do we get outta this one?”
With Fedic gone, the other inmates recommenced their ceaseless nattering.
“Hey Rosey, how do you make a hormone?”
“Ya got me, Pink.”
“Don’t pay her.”
A round of guffaws arose from those confined.
“Get it Rosey?  Hormone.  Whore-moan?”
“Yeah, pink that’s a good one.”
Fucking idiots.
No, Jeffrey certainly didn’t belong here with these people.  He needed to get out.  But how?  For all his machinating there was no way he could simply slip out of his cell and the station. 

****

Anne stood alone amidst the destruction and rubble wearing torn jeans and a red flannel shirt.  Her hair a tussle in the gusty, humid breeze.  Smoke billowed all around her and rose in tall, wispy pillars in the slate gray sky.  She stood barefoot as blood oozed between the hollows of her toes.  The carnage had ceased, for now, and all lay silent.  No more screams.  No more bullets.  No more bombshells.  She was alone.  She whisked the strands of hair away from her sweaty, tear-streaked, dirt-smeared face.
All she heard was the faint flickering of flames and the occasional collapse of brick-work off in the distance.
The war was over.  At least, that’s what people proclaimed before the bombs dropped.  How had she gotten here?  Where were her parents?  She didn’t know.  But they were probably dead.  The very notion should have petrified her.  But it didn’t.  And the hell of it was, she had no idea why.  Glancing around, she felt as if she the last person alive on Earth.  A cold shiver of eternal abandonment coursed through her.  She clutched herself and shuddered despite the tumultuous heat surmounting her.
“Mommy?  Daddy?  Where are you?”  Nothing.  “Where are you?  Don’t leave me alone.  Please, don’t leave me alone.”
She was five.  Maybe ten or twelve.  She couldn’t remember, because this wasn’t a memory, it was a dream.  A noxious sulfurous odor attacked her nostrils and fresh, salty tears stung her oculars.  Perchance this not a dream, after all.  She shuddered and sobbed all the more as she stood among toppled buildings and deserted streets.
“Poor child,” drawled a pleasantly, hollow voice.
Whimpering, she scanned her disheveled surroundings.  Nothing but the constant crackle of the city’s cinder and burning flesh and bone.
A glimmering phantom approached her and solidified.  The stranger was bare foot like her, but his feet were smattered with tar.  He wore impossibly white clothes amidst the swirling dust.  A long, wide brimmed hat festooned his head like a halo; concealing his features in shadow.  He rubbed clean hands together.  Long, ragged fingernails scrapped across each other like soggy clothes down a washboard.
“Poor chil’,” drawled the stranger.  “Why do you cry?”
“I can’t find my parents.  I think…I…I’m lost.”
“We’re all lost child, chin up.”
The stranger cupped a clawed hand and brought it upward.  As if holding her chin within the cusp of his palm, Anne’s head craned upward.  A small whimper escaped her tightly pressed lips.  Her muscles clenched in terror and she felt the need to void her bowels.
Anne snapped awaked; sweating profusely and gasping in raspy, silent screams as hot, salty tears streamed down her face.
Where was she?  Where were her parents?  Then it all came back to her like waves crashing against the coastline.
Anne reclined in her executive racing style office chair in front of her laptop in studio seven of Threshold Studios as her heavy breathing steadied along with her racing heart.
The dream faded as the regality of reality flooded in.
She swept the lacrimation away from her puffy cheeks with the heel of her palm and released a long sigh.
Threshold may have been a cozy five-story office building in midtown but it was one of the few structures in the area that wasn’t owned by Joshua King.  Point of fact, it was all hers.  Many bands and solo artists recorded their first couple albums there before hitting it bigtime.  But studio seven only served one artist – her.  And much like her room in the Hotel Belmont, this was another of her many home away from homes (not that a transient like her actually had a home).
After their success at Kingdom Inc., Anne slept for an entire day.  When she awoke, she did so, as she often did, with a melody in her head.  After a quick but hearty breakfast she headed over to Threshold.
She zoomed for an Uber driver, and when they arrived, she merely plopped in the back seat and popped in her ear buds.  Usually, Uber drivers likened to chat with their fares, and she normally relished in that interaction, but lately she just felt drained.  She scrolled through the files on her tablet and listened to the tracks she intended on finishing once she got to the studio.  The last time she listened to them she felt so certain of the finishing touches that she needed to record.  Now, she couldn’t remember what those were.  Did track ten need an extra guitar riff?  Did seven need over dubbing on the chorus?  She didn’t know?  She briefly ruminated on the point of going to the studio when she had no idea of what she was going to do.  But she had set it in her mind to visit studio seven.  And once she set on an idea, she made it happen, like channeling something from the ethereal realm into existence.
When the driver stopped, she shuffled out of the vehicle without so much as a passing or acknowledging glance.  That wasn’t like her at all, and she knew it.  Alas, she hadn’t been feeling much like herself lately.
She hurried up the sidewalk and pulled open one of the heavy double doors to Threshold.  Damn near every other business in the city had pneumatic doors except for her studio.  She preferred to keep a little of the nostalgic among the modern.  Her boots clicked upon the marble flooring as she pulled the buds from her ears and sauntered up to the reception desk.
“Hey, Anne,” said a heavy-set girl with short, jet-black bangs and porcelain skin.  “How ya been, boss?”
“Busy, busy, you?”
“Five-by,” said Regina.  She wore heavy black eye shadow juxtaposed with sky-blue and pink.  Regina was in her mid-thirties and still clung to the fashions of punk, industrial, and glam bands.  Still, she was a good hire.  Today she fashioned in tight leopard-printed leather and oversized hoop-earrings and audacious bracelets that jangled about as she moved her meaty arms.
“Things look kinda dead around here,” said Anne, glancing around.
“For now,” replied Regina, “We have The Wailing Yahtzees coming in around ten.”
“The Wailing Yahtzees?  I haven’t heard of them.”
“Think, the Bengals meet the Ramones meet Daft Punk.”
“They any good?”
“Eh,” Regina replied with a jerk of her shoulders.  “But we do have some good stuff planned for tomorrow and the rest of the week.  I cleared most of the studios for today because you said you wanted to record.”
Anne smiled.  “I do.  Thanks.”
“No worries, boss.”
Anne made her way down the hall without signing the log book.  She didn’t need to.  And took the elevator to the seventh floor.  The keys jingled in her hand as she unlocked her studio.  Most doors were programmed to tablets, but not this one.  She flicked on the archaic light switches, ran her hand across the tops of the smooth metallic mixers and soundboards, and plopped into her chair.
And there she sat for the longest time; trying to recall what she came here to accomplish.  She must have fallen asleep.  That was it.  A nightmare, and nothing more.  But she had survived the war.  And she was lost in the aftermath.  Her parents never to be seen again.  And she had met someone amidst the tumult.  She closed her eyes and tried in vain to recall that memory but she couldn’t, as if it only existed within the part of her that remained in the dream world; the part of her that forever existed as a lost and lonely child.
I’ll be dreaming of you.  Won’t you dream of me?
An odd thought.
Her tablet buzzed and she screamed; suddenly feeling quite foolish because of it.
Smacking herself on her sweaty forehead, she hissed through clenched teeth, “What’s wrong with you, Anne?  Get ahold of yourself.”
Her tablet buzzed again.  This time she didn’t jump.  She pulled it from her back pocket and glanced at the face plastered upon the screen:  It was Mary-Anne.
She swept a trembling finger across the face of her tablet, and said, “What’s up?”
Mary-Anne appeared shaken, distraught.  Her hair frizzy and in disarray.  Her pupils seemed dilated; juxtaposing her heavy eyelids and puffy cheeks.  She asked, “How are you feeling?”
“Fine.”  Thinking better of it, she amended, “Tired, but fine, why, what’s up?”
“Nothing.  I’m just worried about you, that’s all.”
That was a lie.
“C’mon Mary-Anne, what’s wrong?”
Gape wide, Mary-Anne’s gaze cursorily searched from side to side.  She said, “Nothing, I’m just checking on you.  Someone has to.”
Anne whisked away to standing amidst the chaos.  Where were her parents?  She didn’t know, and never did find out what happened to them.
Mary-Anne asked, “Are you feeling sick in any way?”
“No,” Anne’s mouth worked open and close like a fish out of water.  She meant to say something but didn’t.
What’s wrong, child?
She quickly clamped her mouth and her teeth clanked audibly.
Mary-Anne’s gaze cast downward as her heaving chest settled.  She gazed into the screen, and said, “You were working with Kingdom Inc, right?”
“Yeah, so?”
“Are you feeling sick at all?”
“No.”
“No symptoms?”
“Symptoms?  What kind of symptoms?”
Just as she had seconds ago, Mary-Anne appeared to be on the verge of disclosing something vital but declined to share.
Anne felt that inexplicable fear she’d experienced as a child.
“Nothing.  I’m just glad you’re okay.”
“Mary-Anne, what’s wrong?  What are you talking about?”
“Look, I gotta go.”
Before Anne could make another inquiry, Mary-Anne swept her finger across the screen and the connection terminated.
Anne leaned back in her chair.  For a while, she just sat there gazing at the plethora of terminals, instruments, and mixing boards; wondering what to do next.  Mary-Anne seemed scared.  And that frightened her.  What should she do?  Before she could finish that thought, her tablet buzzed again.  It was Joshua King.
“Have no fear, child,” drawled the apparition in her mind.  “And take my hand.”
The phantom, held out a talon and she accepted.  Once more she felt like a lost, lonely child amidst a world of abandonment.  Her head ached and her bodice quivered.  Yet, despite all reservations, she swept her palm across the tablet’s face, and said, “Hey, Josh.”

****

A burly man with stocky shoulders wearing a slate-gray suit and black tie sat behind a polished oaken desk.  His silver hair juxtaposed his preternatural orangish tan.  He smiled, and his slender face creased in wrinkles.  “This just in.  The war is over.  I repeat, the war is over.  After 440 days, Syria and their allied forces have unilaterally laid down their weapons and declared peace after U.S. and Russian forces sieged Damascus.
“We now go live to Capitol Hill, where the president, the joint chiefs of staff, foreign diplomats, and of course, Joshua King, are meeting to discuss the future state of the world.”
The screen flickered and opened upon Joshua sitting next to the president.  The purling voices of those assembled thinned as camera flashes documented the occasion.
“Mr. King, Mr. King,” asked someone off scene, “After years of being out of the arms race, Kingdom Inc. is said to be culpable to the ending of the war by supplying both the U.S. and Russia with the very weapons you declared you would no longer supply them with.  How do you respond to such accusations?”
Joshua replied, “Drastic times call for drastic measures.”
The rabble prattled on.
The president opened his mouth to respond.  But, Joshua continued, “Never-the-less, the war is over and we are all gladdened by the end result.”
“Mr. King,” called another, “Some say you should run for office.  What is your stance on that?”
Stoic as ever, Joshua replied, “I have absolutely no wish to venture into politics of any kind.”
The throng babbled on like an avalanche down the sheer side of a mountain.
Yet another cried, “Mr. President, what is your opinion on Joshua King’s proposal to implant scanner chips into the general populace?”
The president said, “After much deliberation, I and the joint chiefs of staff are in agreement.  Such an action, while some might argue as intrusive; an invasion of privacy, bears more benefits than it does downfalls.”
The collective erupted in chatter yet again.
Yet another hailed, “Mr. King, it is our understanding that you have made advancements toward a vaccine for the SARS-flu.  Is there any truth to that?”
Joshua ran an impossibly clean hand down his shaven head, and said, “Kingdom Inc., did not want to disclose any information regarding that matter in an effort to steer the public away from false hope.  But since you asked, yes, advancements have been made and so far, the results are positive.”
“When will such a vaccine be available?” chimed another.
“In due time,” said Joshua, “All in due time.”

****

Troll’s stomach grumbled angrily.  He was starving and his mouth as parched as the Mo’Tave desert but at least the nitro pills were doing his heart some good.
He’d slept briefly in a salvage yard.  In his youth, he’d scavenge every discarded jewel for rare and bizarre gizmos, gadgets, and sundries, but he merely collapsed in a trash heap and slept until the shrill vocals of a perturbed woman in denim overalls awoke him from his restless slumber.  Shaking a large, pudgy fist over her head, she yelled something unintelligible as he lumbered to his feet (forever missing his trusted staff), and shuffled off.  His dirty, bedraggled vestments forever burdening him, as if he carried an extra fifty pounds upon his back.
“Forgive me, miss,” he hollered over his broad, aching shoulder, “For, I meant no offense.”  He made his way past mounds of refuse that stunk of festering garbage and wet dog, and pulled open the chain-link fence he’d passed through hours ago, and back into the dilapidated streets.  His belly roared in hunger.  He briefly ruminated on checking his satchel or cloak for pieces of “wild-salad” but both garments still resided at Monty and Rita’s pad.  He’d need to find a way back there and soon.
Troll produced the yellow piece of chalk worn down to a nub from his jeans and scrawled three symbols on the cracked, uneven sidewalk.



If others fashioned signs and pictographs in order to navigate this realm, then so could he.  He scanned the gloomy skylines; forever searching the sea of towering glass and steel.  A sultry breeze arose, carrying with it the fetid scent of dirt and unbathed bodies.  That’s what this world reeked of.  He turned away from the wind as a sharp pain coursed through his left shoulder and down his arm, where the remaining sensation tingled at the tips of his fingers.
Look up.
So, he did.  The wind stung tears from his eyes, ‘though he did not wipe them from his soiled face.  Gazing over the metropolitan panorama, he spied the monolithic pyramid-like structure that was Kingdom Inc.
Walk.
Once more, he obliged with the commands bestowed upon him emitting from the depths of his mind that spoke in a voice that sounded like his, but at the same time, did not.
Without so much as a passing glance at the road beneath his feet, he soldiered on without faulter.  Hours must have passed, or perhaps, merely several long minutes.  Without the sun grazing lethargically across the sky, he could not successfully mark the passage of time.  Troll slogged through throngs of bustling people and across streets of motorized carriages zooming about, and yet found no hinderance as he followed the path beset before him.  But the strangest thing occurred.  The more he walked toward Kingdom Inc., the further away it seemed.  Instead of growing in stature, it seemed to diminish before vanishing among the tall tenements of smudged concrete and glimmering glass.  The sky incipiently dimmed as he soon found himself in alleyways that resembled those in the slums of Al’Ber Que, and would no-doubt darken even the brightest of days.
His bowels gurgled again as he pressed a shaky palm against the sweaty, flannel shirt covering his stomach.  He suddenly and inexplicably turned febrile as a flushing feeling washed over him and his body broke out in perspiration.  He inhaled a deep breath and that putrid air rushed down his gullet and blossomed in his innards.  His intestines churned and acidic spit spew from his lips.  He thought he’d regurgitate his own guts, but he merely stood there, bent over, his palm upon a sticky, brick wall as he dry-heaved.  His ears rang.  Head buzzed.  A few times he swooned and waved in besotted cadence, but he managed to steady himself.
Something fuzzy slithered against the side of his jean-clad calf.  Suddenly, his thoughts whisked back to that fateful night in Silverdale were a legion of Hellish bats attempted to burrow into the hollows of his body.  He jumped in a start.  A small, furry creature nuzzled against his leg and purred.
What in God’s name is that…thing?
It gazed up at him with wide, eerily iridescent eyes.  The animal stretched its front paws, as if beseeching him.  Thin nails protruded and sunk through his jeans and into his flesh.  It didn’t hurt.  At first there remained a slight stinging sensation and then his skin just felt itchy.  Peering longingly at Troll, the animal opened its mouth, exposing small but extremely sharp teeth.  Once again, Troll’s ruminations turned toward those horrid abominations to God’s green Earth known as bats.  This creature pleading to him in supplication wasn’t nearly as hideous, but reeked of garbage and decay, as did most things in this world, he surmised.  But when the tiny mammal exposed its gaping maw, it neither growled, howled, or shrieked.  Instead it emitted a very peculiar and distinct sound.
Meeooowl
What in the Heaven’s was this thing?
It licked its fuzzy lips.  In a flash, it darted up his leg and scampered vertically across his torso as tiny needles pierced his flesh.  Troll grasped the animal with both hands around its lithe, elongated body and held it in front of him.  If he desired, he could crush it.  And part of him wanted to.  A very, very dark part of him that suddenly yearned for a drink.  But he didn’t harm the beast.  He couldn’t.  With its legs sprawled out in the air and tail swishing back and forth; black stripes juxtaposing ragged gray hair.  Its sad glimmering eyes.  Whiskers stuck out its cheeks like sprouts of wild onion in rich soil.  Suddenly, he knew what it was.
What is it thee are drawing?
It’s a kitty cat.
Why, of course it is.
He then realized he’d never actually seen a cat in real-life, at least, not like this.  The felines from his world were large and predacious.  This animal resembled nothing more than a poor, emaciated, discarded pet.  Once more, a hatred for this poisoned world coursed through his soul and he felt saddened and disillusioned by it.
The ruffling of refuse.  The distinct rolling of a glass bottle across stone.
A gruff voice asked, “Are you gonna eat that?”
Slowly, Troll turned toward the origin of that voice.
A man so caked in dirt, he appeared brown, and wearing tattered rags, shambled forward.  His long, gnarly beard rivaled even the Dog’s before the Wraith cut it from his chin atop the Major Bluffs of Krin.  “Hey mister, I asked if you were gonna eat that.”
Teeth grinding, Troll uttered, “What?”
“That cat’s some good eatin’.  If you ain’t attached or nothin’, I’ll take it off your hands.”
Troll glimpsed back at the kitten that purred and playfully kicked its legs in his grasp, then back at the disheveled street urchin.  “Ye shall do no such thing.”
Conceding his grimy palms, the man stuttered, “I…I…meant no offense by it.”
“Ye’r very presence offends me.”  Usually, such a statement would’ve been preceded with: ‘My good man’.  And accompanied with an affable tone.  “This entire realm offends me,” he snarled.  “And is an affront to the One True God.  How ye have turned ye’r world into a steaming pile of suffering and shit.  Ye have turned ye’r backs on the mysteries and miracles of life.  Damn ye all to Hell.”
“How dare you!” said the man.  His palms balled into trembling fists.   Quivering lips curled flat against rotting teeth.  His broad gape narrowed into beady blue-eyes filled with disdain.  “I ain’t done nothin’ to ya or no one.  I’m starving.  Can’t ya see that.”
“Aye, plain as day.  This world either feeds its people fake food or starves them.  Where I’m from, starvation is the only concern.  Then we hunt.  What sustenance do ye hope to attain from such a small, innocent creature?  Why don’t thee simply eat from the abundant receptacles overflowing with ye’r own waste.”
“Fuck you, buddy,” roared the mangy man.  “Why don’t you eat from the trash?”  Then he stormed off into the shadowy narrows between buildings.
Eat from the trash?  What a curious thought.  Troll meant it as an insult fueled by disgust and rage; not to be taken literally.
A metal door along the alley’s façade thrust open and banged upon brick and mortar.  From inside came strange music, dim lighting, and the titillating aroma of salted meats and spicy herbs.  A brown-skinned man wearing grease-smeared garbs and a soiled apron lumbered into the alley and heaved a large, sleek, bag into a huge dumpster teeming with flies.  The man wiped the sweat from his bushy brow and hobbled back into the building and slammed the door.
The intoxicating aroma of freshly cooked meat and pan-fried veggies enticed his nostrils; making his mouth water.  The kitten in his grasp meowed and clawed at the air in anticipation of the savory meal that only required one to root for it.
Staring into the kitten’s spangled gape, he murmured, “Do they really discard of food so readily instead of doling it out to those in need?”
No one answered.  Not even God.  No one needed to.  No matter.
He fetched the plastic bag and sat on the ground.  A moist, dampness infiltrated his buttocks when he realized he’d sat on something wet.  He perched on his haunches much as the Dog would, and fished through the bag until he found a softish, white, box-like object containing beef, beans, rice, and vegetables garnished with mouth-watering spices, the likes of which he’d never tasted before.
He ate slow and apprehensively at first, but after a few bites, he was shoveling the morsels into his mouth and chewing audibly.
The kitten merely sat there mewling.
“No, my friend.  I do not think ye’d like it.”
The kitten lurched up and pressed its tiny paws on Troll’s chest.  Gazing into his eyes, it meowed softly, licked his nose, then sniffed ravenously at the still steaming contents within the white, spongy box.
Troll chuckled.  He couldn’t help it.
He sat the box upon the ground and let the cat have its fill.  When done, the kitten just sat there with its fur sticking up haphazardly, and purring in content as it stared adoringly at him.
Troll was still hungry, but he knew he had more than his fair share.  Others were also famished, and it was his lot to suffer along with them so long as he estranged in this kingdom.
He gently caressed his fingers atop the kitten’s head, and the animal purred and rubbed its nose against his wrist.
Hand pressed against the wall, Troll pried himself to his feet, missing his staff for the umpteenth time.  He produced the nub of chalk from his jeans, and scrawled four glyphs upon the brickwork wall.



He belched, feeling somewhat satisfied for the first time since leaving his home world, and glanced down at the kitten.  The kitten quickly climbed up his clothes, perched on his should, and licked his bearded cheek as it purred.
Thoughts turning to the Dog, Troll said, “Come my friend, we have work to do.”
Now, walk.

****

Dr. Mary-Anne Starkey’s mind remained a jumbled whirlpool of thoughts as she rode the elevator up from the ER to her office.  Some soothing saxophone melody slithered from the speakers, assuaging her rattled nerves a bit.  Never in her life had she seen something like this.  She swiped her fingers across the tablet’s face as she read over the charts of five patients.  All displayed the same symptoms of Dr. Harrington from Kingdom Inc:  feverish, black spots on their pallid skins and tongues, blood shot eyes.  Although, if any connection remained between a doctor, a librarian, a plumber, a bag boy at a grocery store, a stock trader from Wall Street, and a stay-at-home mother, she didn’t see it.
The harmonious wood-wind instrument lulled her all the way to the fifth floor where the bell dinged and the door slid open with a pneumatic whoosh.  She half-expected a cadre of interns to besiege her with questions, but as the door opened, the hall seemed preternaturally quiet.  She slid her tablet into the pocket of her white coat and shuffled out into the hallway.  There should’ve been a resident sitting at the nurse’s station, but that too appeared abandoned.  Anxiety creeping into the hollows of her bones, her gaze darted about as she crept toward her office.  As if monstrous creatures lurked behind every crevice and corner, she held her bated breath until she found herself standing before her office door.
She held her thumb up to the keypad and hesitated.
What if someone or something were waiting for her.
No.
She shook those thoughts away.
Imagine that.  A thirty-two-year-old woman afraid of her own office.  If only Jeffrey could see her now.  He’d probably chuckle and make some sort of smart-assed remark.
Her thoughts turned to his ruggedly handsome face as his lips articulated just what that comment would be, but his words were muted within her mind.
God, how she missed him.  Where was he?  What happened to him?  Did he give Troll the experimental heart medication?  Perhaps that’s what happened.  Jeffrey administered the toxin and Troll died.  Now, Jeffery was bidding his time; waiting to seek his revenge for her betrayal of their trust.  No.  That wasn’t right.  It wasn’t her fault.  She’d forewarned them that the treatment could have side effects.  Didn’t she?  She suddenly couldn’t remember.  Even if she had, was one of those side effects death?  She didn’t know.  Couldn’t remember.  But all those reveries fell to the floor and shattered like a wine glass when she stepped into her office and saw Susan sitting at her desk.
Her office small and painted in puce (arguably the most hated color in the world, though she happened to like it).  Shelves chock full of medical books and periodicals surmounted her small, ovoid desk.  The desk itself remained fastidiously tidy in contrast to the rest of the room.  Two chairs fashioned from pleather and aluminon perched before her desk and another rested against the wall; reserved for patients.  Her laptop and case files violated the furnishing’s sheen veneer.  To the left, stood a large window defended by slightly canted vinyl blinds that allowed the gray, Autumn sunlight to filter in.  Nestled within the far-left corner of the room, and between the window and desk, sat a small mini-fridge packed with protein shakes and left-overs from the cafeteria.  Fixtured to the wall behind her desk were the Hippocratic Oath and her degrees from med school.
For the utmost of brevity, her nagging doubts were replaced with a surge or anger.
How dare a CNA take refuge in her office without permission.  The audacity.
But that anger swept away when she noticed Susan trembling.
Susan was in her mid-thirties, wearing a dark-blue hoodie over forest-green scrubs.  Her brunette hair tied back in a pony-tail.  Dark rings hung listlessly below her bloodshot blue-eyes.  Tear tracks streaked her slender freckled face that seemed unusually pallid and emaciated.  Snot clearly bubbled at the tips of her prominent nostrils.
“Susan, what are you doing here?” she barked, cringing at the harshness in her tone.  Employing a more subtle touch, she amended, “Are you okay.”
Susan swept the lacrimation from her puffy cheek bones, and said, “No, I don’t think so.”
Mary-Anne hurried toward her mini-fridge and snatched a couple of strawberry protein shakes in long cylindrical cannisters.  She popped the top of one and held it out to Susan.  “Here drink this, it will calm you down.”
She wasn’t sure if that was true.  But it felt right.  She’d half a mind to inquire how Susan managed to get into her office, but such questions could wait.
With a shaky hand, Susan took it and slurped at its foamy contents.
“Tell me what’s troubling you.”
Susan stammered, “I..it’s my daughter, S…Sarah.”
Sarah was Susan’s twelve-year-old daughter.  Mary-Anne had seen many pictures of the girl, but suddenly realized she knew very little about her.  Oh, sure, Susan had spoken at lengths about her over the past five years she’d work for her, but every time Susan broached the subject, Mary-Anne just kind of tuned it out like static on an old television.  She had a way of doing that, especially if the topic at hand didn’t relate to a case she currently working on.
“What about Sarah?” she asked, “Is she okay?”
“I think there’s something wrong with her.”
“What kind of something?”
“I think she’s sick.”
A wave of terror coursed through Mary-Anne.  Had this…whatever it was…jumped?  Was it airborne?  No, it couldn’t be.  She’d only seen five new cases so far, and all were being tightly monitored within the confines of the hospital.  There was no way it got out.  But suddenly, she wasn’t sure.
Mary-Anne set her protein shake upon her desk trying with all her might to keep her hands from trembling.
“Why don’t you take her to a doctor?” she asked.
“I…can’t,” Susan wept.
“Why not?”
“I’m not sure any doctor can help her.”
“But you don’t know that--”
“I know,” Susan snarled, teeth barred.  “I know, okay.”  Her thin, effeminate eyebrows arched into pyramids as her puffy cheeks scrunched in anger.
“Well, what’s wrong with her?”
“You don’t understand.  It’s not like that.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t think she’s physically ill.  But there’s definitely something wrong with her.”  Susan fished her tablet out of the pocket of her forest-green scrubs and keyed in her password.  “She’s disturbed.  I took a video.  If you could just take a look at it.”
Mary-Anne was about to rest her hands over Susan’s, then thought better of it.  If her family wasn’t sick yet, she didn’t want to risk exposing them to whatever she’d been dealing with.
“Susan, I’m afraid what you’re talking about, is that your daughter has some sort of mental illness, but I’m just not that kind of doctor.”
“Please, Dr. Starkey, if you could just take a look and give me some kind of advice.”
“Susan, I’m not at all qualified for that sort of thing.”
“Please, I’m begging you, I need help.”
Against her better judgement, she took Susan’s hands in hers, and said, “The only help I can give you is a few days off.  We’ve all been working very hard, and maybe some time at home will help.  How is Joe?”
Sniffling, Susan replied, “He’s fine.”
“He isn’t harming Sarah, is he?”
Joe, Susan’s husband and civil engineer was more of a workaholic than Mary-Anne, but once again, she knew very little about him on a personal level.
Eyes wide, mouth in an o-shape, Susan gasped, “Heaven’s no!  Joe would never lay a hand on us.  Not like that.”
Palms out, Mary-Anne said, “I didn’t mean anything by it.  I was just asking.”
“Please, just watch the video.”
Smiling wanly, Mary-Anne ran a hand through her wavy hair, and said, “Tell you what, zoom me the video and I’ll take a look at it.  In the meantime, take some time off and take care of Sarah.  I’ve got a lot of case work to do, but I’ll watch it.”
“You promise?”
“Of course.  And if anything comes to mind; I can recommend a few specialists who deal in this field.  Other than that, get some rest.  Doctor’s orders.”

****

A meaty fist slammed into the left side of Troll’s face with more force than he expected. “Ughh!” bellowed Troll as he waffled backwards.  Aye, he was indeed weaker than he anticipated.
Troll staggered for a moment on wobbly legs before the back of his head slammed into cold concrete.  
“Fuck him up, Mouse!” cheered a young, skinny black woman clad in torn denim and wearing dark sunglasses and a purple mohawk.
“Kill him, Mouse!” cried the same dirt smeared vagabond that attempted to eat Troll’s cat.
Mouse, a 250-muscle bound juggernaut wearing skin-tight leather pants and vest thrust a fist toward Troll.  Troll veered out of the way.  Mouse stuck his left foot out and Troll floundered to the ground like a fish drug out of the river swift.
The crowd erupted in a cacophony of elation and blood-lust.  Piercings and leather shimmered in the dim.  If not for the lack of horse-shoe tattoos adorning their faces, Troll would have sworn they were emissaries of the King.  But that wasn’t true.  He knew it now.  There was no king.  Only Joshua King.
His ruminations turned toward the stories of Star’s childhood and the many duels she forced to endure until a swift jab toward his face brought him back to the here and now.
After Troll and the feline, he’d simply named “Cat”, left the alleyway, they journeyed onward.  Troll needed to make his way back to Monty and Rita’s, but once again, he hadn’t the slightest idea of how to accomplish such a task.  He ambled through boroughs and ghettos; taking great care to stay off the streets until he could regain some semblance of strength.  Lot of luck that provided, though.
Troll and the cat perched upon his shoulder (licking its paws) meandered downtown and under bridges that led to the more dilapidated part of the city.  As per usual, this funneled Troll’s cerebrations toward Al’ber Que.
“Hey mister,” called a child’s voice.
Troll paid no head.
“Hey mister!  Wait up!”
Troll whirled around, almost losing his footing, and for the umpteenth time, missed his trusted staff and magic cloak.  There, crouched before him amidst a mound of rubbish sat a small child with tattered clothes and an odd-looking stocking cap.
Once again, Troll couldn’t help but think of the Dog.
“Aye my child,” his voice sounded gruff and gravely.  “How may I assist thee?”
Eyes narrowing to a predatory glare, the child gazed at the cat resting on Troll’s shoulder, and said, “That looks like good eats.  Where’d ya get that?”
Oh heavens, not this again.  Did the people of this world know nothing of propriety?
Conceding his palms, Troll forced a chuckle, and said, “My young friend, this creature is not a morsel for which to consume, but a familiar animal to which I have grown accustomed.”
And it was true.  Despite the fact that the cat riding his broad, aching shoulders had only been introduced to him hours ago, he would defend it as vigorously as he would Star or the Dog.
Trash shuffled and aluminum cans cluttered as a posse of ne’re-do-wells emerged from dim tunnels and garbage heaps.
One of which was the soiled vagabond who propositioned him for the feline.  The man ambled forth, pointed a filth covered index finger at him, and proclaimed, “That’s him, that’s the one.”
“Get him!” cried a voice.
Troll didn’t recognize it.  But then again, there was much to this world that Troll did not recognize.
The soiled man licked his chapped, salivating lips, and said, “I think you’ll be giving up that lunch now.”
Was he referring to the cat?  Of course, he was.
“No, I don’t believe I will,” replied Troll.
Whoops and hollers emitted from under the stone bridge as a cadre of scoundrels emerged from the dim.
Troll expected a cold shudder to course through his being at any moment, but that didn’t happen.  He’d been through too much to be intimidated by these desperate folken.
The cat, digging its claws into his shoulder, hissed and pounced away.  Troll didn’t blame the creature one bit; only wished he could do the same.  But no.  That would do no good for anyone.  He could not run away.  He would not.
He now stood in a square-like lot paved in cracked concrete.  Hooligans and chain-link fencing surmounted him.  Over yonder stood a bridge-like structure the people of this world referred to as an overpass.  The cities’ monolithic towers hovered in the background like mocking sentinels.
A juggernaut of a man with a shaved head, dark googles, pierced lips, and wearing black leather pants and a jacket stormed forth.
“Who the fuck is this?” barked the man.
The soiled man from before said, “That’s him, Mouse.  The one I was telling you about.”
Snarling, Mouse turned toward Troll and asked, “That true?  You the one causing us to miss a meal?”
“Hardly,” scoffed Troll.  “But if it be ye’r intentions to devour my fur-cladded friend, then I might be having something to say about it,” Troll reached into his flannel shirt to fetch his staff before realizing that both his cloak and staff were not available.
Very well.  He’d have to dispatch these n‘er-do-wells by hand.
Grinning through filed teeth that reminded Troll of General Shroud, Mouse said, “All right then, say something about it.”
Troll searched his mental pallet for something to say; anything at all.  “I have no wish to fight thee,” was all he could muster as he backed into the tunnel he’d just emerged from.
Licking his blistered lips, Mouse said, “Yeah, I wouldn’t want to fight me either.”
Mouse charged.  Troll shoulder thrust him to the side.  Mouse collided into the side of the tunnel as the crowd grew silent.  Black blood oozed from Mouse’s lips as Troll absently massaged his shoulder.  But his chest did not throb with that dull thudding pain.  Instead, all he felt was the rush of adrenaline.
Mouse flexed his arms wide and roared.  The throng exploded in glee.  Mouse sprinted forward.  Troll jabbed him in the chin.  His fist flared in agony as Mouse staggered backward.
Cerebrations turning toward his time training the Dog, Troll said, “Do not be so hasty, my friend.  That shall surely be thy downfall.”
Mouse roared in anger.  He hurled himself into Troll’s midsection.  Troll braced for the attack and stood his ground.  Mouse stood erect and pummeled his muscular elbows into Troll’s stomach and chest before going for the face.
The crowd cheered all the louder as they closed in upon the opening of the tunnel.
Troll brought his arms up and protected his face.
Mouse screamed in triumph as he continuously bludgeoned Troll.
Troll’s arms grew weak and heavy from blow after blow.  He didn’t mean to, but eventually dropped is guard.
Mouse cracked him in the side of his ocular and then in the chin as Troll staggered backward.  Mouse swung again.  Troll let himself fall to the ground as a sharp pain raced up his Coccyx.  Mouse slammed a fist into the side of the tunnel; teeth clenched, he recoiled in pain.  Troll kicked the man in his groin.  Mouse crumbled to the ground; holding his belly.
Troll stood tall and proud; invigorated, in fact.  He grasped Mouse by the back of his shaven head, and roared, “Whom do thee serve?”
“What”
“Whom do thee serve?”
Sputtering blood, Mouse replied, “I don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about.”
“Then allow me to elucidate.  Are thee a servant of Joshua King?”
“What?”
Troll back-handed Mouse across the jaw.  The others drew in but the cat burst forward and hissed at them with its back arched and fur standing on-end.  Troll didn’t think that would stop them but his cerebrations turned to the Dog, and the others closing in recoiled.
Troll returned his attention to Mouse.  “Do thee serve Joshua King?”
Gurgling, Mouse spat a crimson loogie into Troll’s face, and said, “Fuck you!”
Innards reeling in violent tremors, Troll grasped Mouse by the throat and slammed him into the concrete wall.  “Not the answer I was looking for,” snarled Troll.
God, how he couldn’t help but think of the Dog taking down Shadeem outside the walls of Al’ber Que.
“Whom do thee serve?”
“No one.”
“What?”
“No one.”
“I shall only ask thee once more.  Whom do thee serve?”
Gasping, Mouse replied, “I serve none but the people I’m sworn to protect.”
For some reason, that seemed to strike a chord with Troll.  Even if the people Mouse had sworn to protect were villainous vagabonds, Troll could attest to no better.  After all, the ones he held closest and dearest to his heart were Myriam Star and the Dog, the two greatest killers he had ever known personally.
Troll wrapped his mighty grip around Mouse’s throat.
The others shrieked and sprinted forward in attack.
Mouse held out his palms, and cried, “No!”
The others stopped.
Troll shook Mouse by the neck and asked, “Will thee leave me and mine alone?”
“Yes.”
“What?”
“Yes.”
“Yes, what?”
“We’ll leave you alone.”
“Me and my cat?”
“Yes.  You and you’re cat.”
Smiling, Troll swept the sweaty bangs from his face, and said, “We’ll that’s good.”  He tossed Mouse to the side, and stood tall.  The others glared at him with eyes intent on doing harm, but no one made so much as an encroaching advance.
Mouse coughed and wheezed.  Troll held out his hand and helped the juggernaut to his wobbling feet.
Smiling, Troll said, “My friend, we are well met and understand each other.”
“Yes,” wheezed Mouse.
Troll released Mouse from his grip as Mouse slumped to the filth-littered streets.  The others closed in.  Mouse held out a halting palm.  His other hand massaging his no-doubt, throbbing throat.
Grinning through bleeding gums, Mouse kicked Troll in the shin and then elbowed him in the nose.  The cracking of cartilage echoed within Troll’s ears as the world seemed to spin and swoon.
“Son-of-a-bitch!” shrieked Mouse.  He swung a wide left hook.
Troll only managed to evade because he tottered on weak and wobbling legs.  His blurry gaze seemed to focus on Mouse’s shiny boots.  Mouse faked left, then right, then back to the left.  He stepped back as Troll swung.  As if anticipating this, Mouse stepped to the side and socked Troll squarely in the jaw.
The throng roared in blood-thirsty approval.
Anger did not flush through Troll’s soul, but rather lamentation for a life long-lost.
Mouse kicked at him, and Troll grabbed his ankle and thrust the juggernaut to the side.  Mouse performed an acrobatic cart-wheel and kicked him in the face with his other foot.  Troll fell to his ass; sitting in something cold and wet.  For the utmost of brevity, he feared he sat upon his cat.  But no, the cat perched upon a trash can, watching his every move with earnest.
Mouse thrust his arms in the air as the crowd cheered ever louder.
Troll’s thoughts inexplicably turned once again to Star’s story of her duels with refugees of the King and vampiric hordes.  Then, another memory gamboled across his mindscape.  One of the Dog’s training sessions after they left Silverdale:
“Do not watch my feet,” Troll had instructed to the Dog.  “My feet lie.  Watch my waist, my shoulders, that’s how ye’ll know which way I’m going to go.”
Troll arose to a crouch.  Mouse ambled forward; swinging wildly.  Troll grabbed him by the wrists and rolled onto his back, flinging Mouse into the side of the tunnel wall.
“Ooh!” cried the crowd.
Mouse lurched forward.  Troll rolled to the side and arose to a precarious stance.  Mouse reeled around and grasped for Troll.  Troll wrapped his large hands around Mouse’s fists and squeezed.  A popping, crunching sound emanated as Mouse’s knuckles gave way to Troll’s stalwart might.  Mouse reared his cranium back, meaning to slam his forehead into Troll’s face.  Troll dipped and let Mouse roll over his shoulder.  Troll stood and thrust Mouse into the tunnel wall once more.
Troll’s heart beat wildly, but not in an unpleasant way.  It had been a long time since Troll had a good skirmish.  And he relished every moment of this one.  It made him feel alive and vibrant as excitement of conflict flickered through him like an old and welcome friend.
Troll pounced, grasped Mouse by the neck, and pummeled him in his large, round nose, over and over again.  “Do ye yield?  Do ye yield?”
“Yes!”  Blood spurted from Mouse’s noses and splintered lips.
Troll released the juggernaut and allowed him to slump to the soiled streets.
The crowd jeered and recoiled in anguish, as if ready to do what their leader could not.
Troll whirled around, fists clenched, ready to do battle.  He thought he would totter on his feet, but that did not occur.
The cat sprang forward and positioned itself between Troll and the league of street-urchins.  Hair standing on-end, the cat lurched back and hissed at those that meant to do its master harm.
Once more, Troll ruminated on the many times the Dog hurried to his defense.
Troll wiped the perspiration beading his brow as his heart slowed to a methodic pace.
Mouse lumbered to his feet and spat more blood.  Teeth clenched, he glared at Troll and growled.
Troll waved him on.
That low guttural churning in Mouse’s stomach arose as the grinding of teeth echoed off desolate tunnel walls.
The throng closed in as Troll and his cat prepared to do battle.
Chuckling, Mouse raised a hand to his cronies, and barked, “Leave him.”
“What!” cried the soiled man from earlier.
The others muttered in discontent as they shambled forward.
Mouse continued, “I said, leave him be.”  Gasp.  Wheeze.  Gasp.  “Him and his cat.”
The soiled man said, “But they’re not one of us.”
Mouse glared up at Troll, blotted the crimson seeping from his nose and mouth with the back of a burly fist, and said, “Any man who puts up a fight like that is okay by me.”
“Here, here,” panted Troll.  He held out his hand in friendship.
Mouse swept his head from side to side.
Even behind his dark googles, Troll could tell the juggernaut leery of him.  And rightly so.
Mouse shambled forward, took Troll’s grasp, and shook it.
Troll knelt.  The crowd recoiled, as if nervous of what would transpire next.  Mouse just stood his ground.
Troll folded his hands and did something he had not done in what felt like an eternity.  “Dear heavenly father, thank ye for such memorable bout, and the opportunity to make new friends.  Thank thee for my furry companion that watches so over me as the Dog might.  I pray to see my friends again and to do ye’r will despite these troublesome and confusing times.  Amen.”  Troll fetched the yellow nub of chalk from his pocket and scrawled four symbols on the ground.



Mouse asked, “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Troll stood, chuckled, dusted off his jeans, and replied, “Just a way to navigate this realm, my good man.”
“Yeah, okay.”
Troll rose, extending his hand once more.
Buddah-buddah-buddah
Mouse’s head exploded in a halo of pink mist.  People screamed as they scattered.  Bullets reverberated off stone walls.  The cat screeched and scattered off.  People dropped like flies as they were torn apart by gunfire.
An image of Al’ber Que exploding in smoke and cannon fodder invaded Troll’s senses.  Suddenly, it was all he could see.
Troll crouched and pivoted.
Fwshoom
A brilliant flash of blue light violated his oculars and his whole world felt comprised of springs and God had just sent the world a-rockin’.
Cacophonous skirls echoed as Troll limply crawled for…Well, that was the thing.  He didn’t know where he was going.  He only knew that he needed to get away…and fast.
Fwshoom
Another invasive burst of blue energy ceased his muscles as his heart skipped arrhythmic beats.
Troll rolled onto his back, and gasped through the smokey air.  His muscles went slack.  Moisture seeped into his flannel shirt and overalls.
Soldiers clad in black leather and heavy helmets strode through the mirk as they fired speed-shooters in all directions.
No.  The fall of Al’ber Que.  He would not go back into those mines.  No, not again.  Not with Him down there.
Fwhoom
Troll clutched at his tightening chest as his back arched in pain; teeth clenched.
People screamed all the more.
A man in black leather strode forth from the haze.  This was no peace officer.  Peace officers wore white.  The man removed his heavy helmet and cast it aside.  His glimmering gaze peered down at Troll in disgust.  His black pony-tailed mohawk swayed gently in the autumn breeze.
The sweat plastered to Troll’s skin seemed to freeze as panic sluiced its way into the hollows of his heart.
Fedic, leaned toward Troll.  At that moment, he seemed magnanimous, as if some looming giant.
Eyes glowing a vibrant, shimmering gray, Fedic smirked, and said, “Joshua King would like a word with you.”

****

Jeffrey sat with his back to the cold, tabular wall in his cell.  He was drenched with sweat as perspiration leaked from every pore on his body.  He’d tossed his plastic sandals against the far wall what seemed like eons ago, though it offered the itchy, burning sensation festering between his toes no assuagement.
God, had someone turned the heat up?
He didn’t know.  Nor did he know how long he’d been here in this prison.
He wiped his greasy hair from his brow and accidently caught a whiff of the noxious odor emanating from his arm pits.  His once, neatly cropped hair felt much longer now.  Perhaps that just his imagination, but his mind’s eye couldn’t shake the picture of him sitting there old and emaciated with long, gray hair and shabby, tangled beard.  In his heart he knew he didn’t don that visage, at least, not yet.
He didn’t belong here.  And if only there a way to escape and somehow remove his record from the peace officer archives; assuming of course, there was a record of him being there.  Most likely there was not.  He knew that.  Just as he knew there was no escape.  And that only infuriated him more.
Fedic’s threats to harm his family and friends did not bother him.  No.  What really stirred his soup was sitting there waiting.  Knowing that whatever came next, he could do nothing about.  Would Fedic really drag his folks down here, or for that matter, Mary-Anne Starkey?  Probably not.  Once again, the thing that really twisted his pretzel was that he was being disappeared.  And no one would ever know what happened to him.  He was being erased.  No doubt, Fedic and his cronies were extinguishing every last tie he had to the world.
But that was circular thinking; not even logic, really.  He needed to get out.
The hell with Troll and his foolish crusade.  He would not spend the rest of his life in a cage for something he barely understood.
“Hey, Pinky,” called another prisoner from down the corridor.  “Ya there, Pink?”
“Yeah, I’m here,” called a voice so gruff it echoed off the walls.  “Where the hell else would I be, Chicago?”
“Hey, Pink, how do you call a red-headed step-child to supper?”
“Ya got me.  How do you call a red-headed step-child to supper?”
“You don’t.”
No laughs or giggles.  This was by far, Pink’s worse joke.  But then again, how many jokes could one tell in the stir before running out of original thoughts?  Jeffrey didn’t know, nor did he wish to find out.
The brisk tapping of high-heeled shoes bounced of polished walls and encroached towards Jeffrey’s cell.  All the other inmates grew silent.
At first, he thought Fedic returning.  But those weren’t the trudging of Fedic’s heavy footfalls.
“Peace officer Jessip,” said a sultry, effeminate voice.  “Or rather, should I say, former peace officer Jessip.  May I call you Jeffrey?”
Jeffrey croaked, “Just don’t call me a red-headed step-child to dinner.”  He giggled; not knowing why, before erupting in raspy coughs.  His itchy throat felt like a rug burn on skinned knees.
A fetching woman clad in a black and white pin-striped blouse stood outside his glass door.  Her long, black hair was tied back in a pony tail, but bangs slightly obfuscated the purplish eye-liner festooning her wide, cold eyes.  Her skin resembled the hue of fresh snow, though her lips as bright as crimson.
“Let me guess,” cough, cough, hack.  “You’re my lawyer.”
“Not quite,” she replied.  She swept a porcelain hand across her bangs and crouched on her haunches, inches away from the glass-sliding door.  “How bad do you want to get out of here?”
Jeffrey’s mind exploded in a whirlwind of answers that nearly sprung forth from his lips like water rushing through a breaking dam.  Yet, inevitably, he remained silent.  He knew a loaded question when he heard one.
“The woman asked, do you know who I am?”
Did he?  She looked vaguely familiar.  Yet he was exhausted and sleep deprived.  “No,” he replied after an immeasurable amount of time.  “Who are you?”
She smiled.  It seemed cold and hollow, and a chill ran down Jeffrey’s spine, though he didn’t shudder.  He would not show fear.  Whatever game Fedic was playing, he would not participate.
Without waiting for him to respond, she batted her long eyelashes, pursed her lips, and said, “I am the only real friend you have right now.  The only one that can get you out of this mess…so long as you give us what we want.”
Thoughts cycling around Mikey’s tablet, Jeffrey sighed and swallowed deeply.  His esophagus felt like sheets of sandpaper scrapping across cobblestone.  “I already told Futnick, I don’t know where it is.”
“That’s fine,” she cooed, coquettishly twirling her fingers amidst her long, black ponytail.  “Fedic’s goals are so myopic.  I, on the other hand, am open to a wide range of possibilities.”
Cough cough hack hack.  “Such as?”
“I just want to know where one of your friends went.  Only one in particular.  I think you know the one.”
He couldn’t help but see the Dog standing before the turtle fountain in Grammercy park before a bright flash of bluish light vanished him from this plane of existence.
“Yes, that’s the one,” she said, pursing her crimson lips once more.  “You know where he went.  Don’t you?”
Not really.  He knew where the Dog meant to go.  But the last time Troll and the Dog attempted to travel to another place and time, it didn’t exactly work out in their favor.
“All right, then.  Where did he mean to go?”
Wait…Could she read his thoughts?
“Yes,” she replied.  “I can.”  Her smile widened.  She almost appeared beautiful if not for the bleak look of ennui lingering behind her glossy, cataract-blue gaze; as if she more interested in the game than the outcome.
Jeffrey closed his eyes and envisioned a brick wall.
Let’s see that bitch read that.
She huffed, and said, “I don’t think you understand the gravity of your situation.”  She stood and paced back and forth in front of his cell.  Her long, dark hair danced in tandem with the clicks of her high heels.  Hands on buxom hips, her breasts and ass swayed with every step she took.  “You may not be getting out of here, but I can make sure others, people you care about, don’t end up like you.”
Mary-Anne Starkey’s face formed upon the brick façade guarding his mind.  He couldn’t help it.
“Yes, like her.”
“I don’t believe you.”  But somewhere deep down inside, he did.  And he knew she sensed it.  Flicking off that mental image, as if a light switch, Jeffrey amended, “You can’t keep me down here forever.  People will eventually come looking for me.  And you have no charges to hold me on.”
She chuckled.  Her sultry voice almost sounded seductive.  “That didn’t stop us from holding your friend.  You know, the one we’re looking for.”
“Yeah,” Jeffrey ruffled his greasy hair.  Specks of dandruff circled down the shoulders of his orange jumper like fresh, powdery snow.  “But he wasn’t from here.  I am.  You can’t just make me disappear.”  But even as the words slipped from his lips, he himself didn’t believe them.
The woman ceased her pacing.  One hand on a cocked hip, she stared lifelessly at him.  Her smile faded to an unemotive stare.  She said, “We’re holding you on the charges of assaulting your commanding officer and for the possession of a concealed firearm.  Singularly, those are very significant charges.  Together, you’re looking at some serious time.  That is…if we prosecute.  But we don’t want to do that.  Just tell me where your friend went.”
Jeffrey paced about his cell and rubbed his shoulders.  He wasn’t cold.  Point of fact, he didn’t know why he performed this action.  But he couldn’t stand still and envision a brick wall much longer.  That would only keep the woman out of his head for so long.
Her foot tapped an impatient cadence.
He knew that gesture.  But from where?  Once again, his mind was invaded by the visage of Mary-Anne’s brilliant face.  But it wasn’t Mary-Anne…not really.  Nor was the woman with golden, curly hair smiling; though she appeared radiant none-the-less.
“So, that’s it,” said the woman.  “He’s going back for her, isn’t he?  Of course, he is.”  She turned her back to him and pressed a finger thoughtfully up to her pouty, crimson lips.
Jeffrey suddenly felt more soiled than his sweaty jumper.  But it wasn’t his fault, was it?  He hadn’t divulged any information.  He couldn’t help it if this woman could read his thoughts.  Gulping, he said, “I thought you already knew that.”
“I do.  I also know that the last time it didn’t work because your giant friend mussed things up.  So, the mutt went back on his own.  I want to know where he went.”
“I’m not following you.  You just said you already knew that.”
She smiled, exposing impossibly white teeth that juxtaposed her crimson lips.  She swept back her bangs again, and said, “Think of all time, of all worlds, as a spider’s web.  One world is a thread, and all other worlds are threads of their own, but they cross at some junction.  What I want to know is what junction, or crossing, he went from this line of time.”
“Why would I tell you that?  Even if I knew, which I don’t.  They didn’t tell me.”
“Of course, they didn’t.  Because the giant doesn’t trust you.  Not really.  But don’t worry,” Whirling toward him, she said, “As good as my word, I’m going to let you out.”
Really?  Why?  His mind twirled in a tumultuous funnel cloud of doubt.
“Don’t worry about the tablet,” she added.  “Or Fedic.  He has other things to attend to.”  She swept her hand across the locking panel of his cell.
Beep-beep-beeeeep
The door slid open with an audible whoosh.
Jeffrey stood there, dumbfounded.  Was this real?
“Come on,” she said, proffering her pale, lithe hand.  “Out you get.”
A frigid boulder seemed to immerse itself within the acid in the pit of his stomach.  Itchy, clammy feet plodded forward, making a kind of soft sucking sound.  Her didn’t want to.  But he couldn’t help it.  He was compelled, as if drawn magnetically.
She smiled widely.  Her crimson lips appeared as a blood-soaked seam.  Her cataract-blue eyes appeared as lifeless as that of a doll’s.  Cautiously, he accepted her hand.  Her cold digits felt sentient, as if something nefarious slithered beneath her pallid skin.
Suddenly, Jeffrey realized how quiet the cell block had become.  He didn’t know how long it had been like that, but it seemed as silent and solemn as a tomb.  She led him down the corridor as his feet shuffled and faltered, yet he did not stumble; as if floating through an inescapable nightmare.
He expected the others in the block to resume their dirty jokes.  But that did not occur, and never would again.  All the cell’s they passed held the same thing.  Every prisoner lay on the ground, curled in twisted agony.  They were dead.  He knew it.  He never heard their screams or pleas for supplication, but they were dead none-the-less.  And now, so was he.
The woman led him to the end of the hall and swept her deathly-white hand across the control panel.  Normally, only a guard with a tablet would be able to open such a door.  But the blockade glided away with a pneumatic whoosh.
Jeffrey gulped.  His throat felt impossibly desiccate.  “Wh…who…are you?  Wh…why are you do…do…doing this?”
Without turning to him, she led him out the door.  A menacing smile festooned her paled face.  He couldn’t see it.  He felt it.
She said, “My name is Lilith King.  Your friends have your dog,” pivoting towards him on high-heels, her faded gaze deepened.  Her smile widened into piranha-like teeth.  “And now we have ours.”

****


7

“I’m glad you called,” Anne said; attempting to hide her coy smile behind a tall glass of red wine.  She a wore purple blouse and black slacks with her hair slightly teased.  Not exactly formal or casual.  This was just Anne being Anne.
“I’m glad you accepted,” replied Joshua.
“Why wouldn’t I?”
Shrugging, he said, “All the same, I’m glad to see you.”
“Me too.”
Joshua sported his usual black trousers, shirt, and sports jacket.
At that moment, she couldn’t be sure if she’d ever seen him wear anything else.  No matter, he looked good in it.  In fact, he looked damn good, as if James Bond (Á la Sean Connery, of course) and Timothy Olyphant had a baby, and that baby just so happened to be the greatest, wealthiest man in the world.
Once again, they dined at Le Maison Noir.  Joshua insisted they meet in his private room, but for some inexplicable reason, she wanted to eat in the lounge.  She didn’t know why.  She just needed to be around other people.
As per usual, the joint dimly lit by wall sconces and stained-glass chandeliers.  Tables and chairs draped in soft, black fabric.  The saliferous aroma of cooked meats and steamed veggies sentried the staunch air.  To the left, and behind Anne, stood a stained oaken bar, where the barkeep buffed crystalline mugs and the smoothly, polished bar with a spotless rag.  TV’s buzzed behind the slim bartender dressed in dark-blue pants with a black tie tucked into the spaces between the buttons of his white shirt.
The place wasn’t overly packed on this particular evening, as lovers quietly chatted around them.
Joshua swirled the crimson contents in his crystalline glass, and asked, “Like the wine?”
She gently sat her glass upon the cloth-covered table, blotted her lips with her silk napkin, and said, “Very much.  What kind is it?”
“No idea,” he shrugged complacently.
“That’s funny, I thought you knew everything.”
“Only my advisors,” he chuckled.
After wasting an entire afternoon in studio seven (save for a brief but vivid nightmare), Anne needed something to do; anything.  Because of the distressing call she’d gotten from Mary-Anne, she was going to zoom her to see if her best friend wanted to hit the town.  Then Joshua called her and asked her out to dinner.
She didn’t want to be rude.
They sat at a table in the corner across from the bar as people murmured in the background.  Joshua had asked the maître de for some “shade”, and as she gazed around the shadowy surroundings, she realized that was exactly what they got.  Of course, as far as she knew, Joshua got everything he asked for.
Across the way, the bartender flipped through TV channels via his tablet; from some reality show with housewives, to Football, to a station breaking down bonds and stock options.
“So how did your recording go?” asked Joshua.
Anne pried her focus from the TV, and said, “Not as prolific as I would have liked.”
“Good word.”
“Thank you.  And how are things at Kingdom?”
Joshua rested his glass upon the table, adjusted the napkin in his lap, and said, “You know I can’t talk about that.”
“I bet you would if I worked for you.”  She cast her gaze at the TV again.  This time a burly, bald man with a long graying beard was describing the best way to refurbish a newly bought tenement.
“The offer is still on the table if you want it.”
“Guess I still don’t know what you do there, really.”
Joshua held his hands up in a gesture of grandeur, and said, “We make the world go ‘round.”
She had so many questions for him.  What happened to the silver sword, and the matter compressor?  What about his meetings with General Schertzing and the president?  All the technicians on project Vulcan; Dr. Harrington and Dr. Rivers; etc., had they been reassigned.  Why?  And on top off all of these lingering doubts, still he wanted her to work for him.  Why?  What could she possibly have to offer?  She didn’t know.  A lingering, tugging sensation deep within her bosom desperately wanted to find out.  Yet something scared her.  Something primal, yet intangible.
But yet again, her focus returned to the flickering idiot-box.
As if sensing her thoughts, Joshua leaned forward, folded his hands, and gazed into her eyes.  His pupils appeared as black holes through a wax mask, as if his shiny oculars were nothing more than glints of metal beneath purling water.  “May I be completely honest with you?”
“Please do.”
“I like you.”
A flare shimmered through her, and she sensed her skin blush in a warm tingling sensation.  “I like you to,” she said, straining to restrain a cheesy smile.
“I mean I like you a lot.  I never thought I would feel this way about anyone, but…”  He chuckled nervously and reclined in his chair as leather squelched…” But there it is.”
“…Okay…” Her cheeks felt flush and rosy.  She couldn’t’ help it.
“I would very much like to continue seeing you.”
“I would like that too.”
“But in order for that to happen, there needs to be trust.  Do you agree?”
“I do.”
Where was he going with this?
Before she could finish that thought, their waiter approached proffering a silver platter of duck Á la range with buttery Brussel sprouts and rosemary potatoes.  The briny scent aromatically filled her nostrils and caused her mouth to water.
“Madam, monsieur,” said the water as he set the platters before them.  “Will there be anything else?”
Joshua held up a hand as if halting the waiter, and said, “Not at the moment.”
For some reason, this action reminded her of something.  But what?  Almost like Deja vous, only she didn’t experience that inescapable feeling that she’d been here before.
“Thank you,” she said, before returning her attention to the TV once more.
“Am I boring you?”
Starting a bit, and feeling quite foolish, she said, “No, not at all.  What were you saying?  Trust?”
“Yes,” he grinned, folding his hands, “trust.”
As she usually did, Anne spoke her mind.  “I completely understand what you’re saying.  I’m just not sure what we’re talking about.”
Polishing his silverware with his napkin, Joshua said, “That’s all right.  Let’s put a pin in that for the moment and just enjoy our meal.  We’ll discuss this later.  Agreed?”
“Sure.”
Silverware clinked as they prepared to feast.
The bartender changed the channel again, as she forked a mouthful of duck and taters behind her salivating lips.  She smiled warmly at Joshua, who casually sipped at his wine.  Then a familiar name wormed into her ears before the flickering static of changing stations reverberated and suddenly it was all she heard.  Shuddering with excitement, she stood so fast she nearly knocked over her wine, but Joshua held the glass firmly as if expecting her sudden eruption.
“Bartender!  Change it back!” she cried.
“What?”  His thick, caterpillar-like eyebrows arched up toward his silvery hair.  He cupped a hairy, veiny hand over his enlarged ear, as if hard of hearing.
“Please, change the channel back.”
He smiled pleasantly, and with a swipe of hand over his tablet, the screen resumed its previous broadcast.
There, stood a line of doctors garbed in white lab coats before a microphone and podium.  To the far left of the screen, and almost out of view, was Mary-Anne.
From somewhere offstage, a commentator asked, “Is it communicable.”
A doctor with tawny skin and short, curly dark-hair gulped, gripped the podium, and in a subtle Indian accent, said, “We don’t know.”
“Is it airborne?”
“We don’t know?”
“Is the general public at risk?”
“All we can say is, if you’re feeling sick, stay indoors and away from the general population.  If you are feeling the previously stated symptoms, or have family members who are, take the proper precautions.  Get plenty of rest and stay hydrated.  We are working around the clock to resolve this situation.”
The doctor at the podium blathered on and on as the commentator asked questions that he could not answer.
All Anne could see was Mary-Anne on the far-left corner of the screen, wrenching balled fists inside the pockets or her white lab coat.
Are you okay?
How are you feeling?
At the time, Anne didn’t know what Mary-Anne meant, but it troubled her; would have continued to disturb her if not for Joshua’s distracting invitation.
Are you showing any symptoms?
Symptoms of what?
The doctor continued, “If you, yourself, or know someone who is experiencing flu-like symptoms without a fever, in tandem with black splotches, bleeding soars, and receding flesh and gums, stay inside.  I repeat, stay inside and away from other people.”
A tremor of sheer terror crept up Anne’s feet, through her spine, radiating into every fiber of her being before burrowing and festering into the hollows of her soul.
She didn’t even realize that she was sauntering backwards and away from the TV and its cryptic warning until Joshua rested a cold hand upon her quivering shoulder.  She almost shrieked in shrill terror but somehow managed to stifle it.  Trembling, mouth agape, and eyes wide, she slowly turned toward Joshua as if caught in the slow syrup of an inescapable nightmare.
Joshua smiled.  His eyes resembled deep, shimmering coals.  His lips grew long and thin; like worms contorting into a menacing smile upon a gourd.
Somewhere deep down inside, she’d always felt reservations about getting too close to him.  Now she was afraid.  Truly afraid.
He held his hand out to her.  For the utmost of brevity, his nails seemed long, ragged, and impossibly clean.
He asked, “Do you trust me?”

****

Mary-Anne sat in her pleather chair behind the cluttered desk in her office.  Although, “sat” was a relative term; her muscles tensed and back erect, she found no assuagement in the confines of her quiet quarters.  She clutched a half-empty bottle of vitamin water in her left hand, though her mouth still seemed as dry as the Sahara.  Her right palm cradled her tablet.  Her eyes felt like deep swollen sockets, as if she hadn’t slept in days.  She placed the water and tablet on her desk gently to avoid making any disturbing sounds, and brought the heels of her palms up to her puffy oculars before thinking better of it.
“Ugh,” she groaned.
The news conference had been held at 7pm in the hospital’s media room.  It was now 9pm.  She knew that without having to check her tablet, or her watch, as she always kept a fastidious eye on the time.  The conference started exactly when it was supposed to, though it the one time in her entire life where she wouldn’t have minded if it began late.
Minutes prior, she peeked behind a curtain lining the otherwise slate-white walls surrounding the stage and gaped at all the media assembled there.
What was she doing there?  What if she were brought to the podium and made to answer questions?  She didn’t have any answers.  She didn’t even know where to begin.  She gulped and her tongue raked across her esophagus like clots of sand in a vast, barren wasteland.
An odd thought, indeed, but there it was.
“You going to be okay?”
She thought she would jump out of her skin by the sudden Indian accent.  She didn’t.  She turned to meet Dr. Kamil Puntar-Schmidt, the hospital administrator.  Usually, Dr. Schmidt wore a nice suit and sleek glasses.  Now, he donned the sky-blue scrubs and white lab coat of any other doctor.
She could tell by the slight blue tint around his retinas (and the lack of glasses), that he sported his contacts.  He smelled of bath soaps and Head and Shoulders, but his usually baby-smooth face was cropped with a light stubble.
“Ye…yeah…I’m okay.”
“Are you sure,” he said with a slight clicking of his tongue.  “Because you look like you are about to vomit.”
“Do I?”  That was stupid.  She knew it.  But when she opened her mouth to assure him of her composer, apparently that was what came out.
Wagging an admonishing finger, Dr. Schmidt said, “Do not vomit on live television.”  Usually such a remark would be followed by something humorous like, “We’d never get the stains out; I don’t think they brought that wide of a lens; The camera adds ten pounds to solid matter, probably twenty in the event of projectile puke”.  Or something like that.
His gaze dithered from Mary-Anne and to the media hounds gathering and chattering in the conference room.
“Dr. Schmidt, what do I do?”
“Hmm?”  He asked without averting his gaze from the forming assembly.
“What do I do if they bring me up and ask me questions?”
His posture stiff and erect, only his head and neck turned in her direction.  “Don’t worry.  That won’t happen.”
“Then, why am I here?”
“Because you are, as they say, on the ground floor of this.”
“I think you mean, ground-zero.”
This also would offer a ticklish-counter retort.  Instead, he added, “As you say.”
The conference began and the doctors took their positions before the media hounds as if they traitors facing a firing squad.
Mary-Anne stood to the far left, clenching and opening her trembling fists within the pockets of her lab coat so fiercely she thought her palms and knuckles would split and suppurate hot, crimson fluids.  Nausea swirled within her like a band of rabid butterflies and a few times she felt she would faint under the bright lights illuminating the stage.
She had never been before a camera before.  Well…at least, not like this.
But when Michel was going to film school at Arizona State, before accepting a videographer’s position with ABC7 KABC out of Los Angeles, she’d appeared in many of his short films.  So had Anne.  In fact, they even entered a few shorts at film festivals, though walked away empty handed.  Two years later, Anne wrote an article about her experience and won a Pulitzer.  Good for her.
Many gathered as the assembly blathered and prattled, but the meeting lasted its fully scheduled fifteen minutes before Dr. Schmidt apologetically presented his palms to the reporters and declared the conference over.  The entire time, Mary-Anne felt certain she would be unexpectedly called to the podium to answer that which she could not.  Perspiration seeped from her arm pits and slithered down her lithe appendages like sentient veins under the steadily rising heat from the camera lights of her would-be accusers.  But fortuitously, the broadcast ended before the stains leaked through her blouse and lab coat.
Those gathered erupted from their seats and hollered more unanswerable queries.
Dr. Schmidt politely thanked the crowd and those watching at home and swiftly shuffled off-stage.
As casually as she could muster, Mary-Anne followed suit, though she certain that at any second, her knees would buckle and she would crumble to the floor like origami under a bowling ball.
Once behind the curtain, she bolted for the elevator, and frantically pressed the button.
Nothing.
Panic set in like heartburn, and she could hear the reporters squawking louder.
Perhaps Dr. Schmidt wat right.  Maybe she would regurgitate her precious protein shakes over everything in sight.  Her stomach heaved in protest as she pressed a clammy palm over her puffing cheeks.
What the hell was wrong with her?  She passed Gray’s Anatomy without even flinching but suddenly seemed to fall apart before the media.
She briefly entertained the idea of sprinting down the corridor and fleeing up the stairs until she finally greeted by a friendly ding as the elevator doors invitingly opened before her.
Before she knew it, she was safely in the confines of her cramped, puce office and plopped down in her chair so hard she thought it would break, thankfully, that did not occur.
So many questions and doubts swirled within her mind.  But she needed to stay strong.  If not for her, at least for her patients.
She partook a long swallow of her vitamin water and zoomed Anne.
Nothing – the signal could not connect.
She zoomed her friend Beth.  The same.  The signal would not connect.
Strange.  Was there a disturbance in feed?  Impossible.  Perhaps her tablet was on lock-down so as to inhibit her from communicating with others outside the hospital.  That had never happened before, but just then, she didn’t dismiss it out of the realm of possibility.
Her thoughts shifted to Jeffrey; his rugged good looks and fit physic.
“Tablet,” her voice trembled slightly, but she steadied it.  “Zoom Peace Officer Jessip.”
The tablet vibrated in her grip as it attempted to connect.
An effeminately robotic voice echoed back from the tabled, “Party not found.”
What exactly was going on?  Why couldn’t she contact anyone—
Her tablet buzzed and she jumped in a start.  Her heart galloped in her heaving chest.  She glanced down at the device in her hand.  Incoming transmission from Michael.
She swept her wrist across the tablet’s face as the screen connected.
There, was a young, black man with short, frizzy hair and beard.
“Hey, Mikey,” she chuckled.  She meant to sound authentic, but for some reason her words sounded forced; almost fake.
“Mikey?” he frowned.  “In professional circles, I’m known as Michael Starkey.”
“Yes, of course.”  She slugged another gulp of vitamin water, though it did little to soothe the barren desert blossoming in her throat.  “And just how is my baby brother?”
“Better than you, I imagine.  I saw you on TV.”
“Jesus, really?” she shuddered, but didn’t know why.
“You looked nervous.  Good, but nervous.”
“Thanks…I think.”
“Is everything okay?”
She smirked, ran a shaky hand through her hair and said, “Yeah, I think so.”
Michael peered intently at her, bushy brows furrowed, lips drawn tight.  “Come on, Mary-Anne, I know you.  And I know when there’s something on your mind.”
“Is that why you’re calling?”
“Yes,” he said without hesitation.
An uneasy silence elapsed as the two stared at each other through the screen of her tablet.  Mary-Anne cleared her throat, and said, “I thought you were down in Rio working on a story.”
“I was,” he replied, matter-of-factly.  “I was in the airport watching the news and saw you.  Thought I’d touch base.”
She opened her mouth to say something but quickly clamped her mouth shut.  Her teeth scrapped together and she was certain he heard it.
Instead, he asked, “How’s Anne?”
“She’s good.”
“And her man, what’s his name?”
“Ted.  And I don’t know.  They broke up.”
“Good for her, that guy was a dick.”
She sipped her water again, and asked, “Are you headed back to the states?”
“Yeah.  Thought I’d drop by for a visit if you have the time.”
“Of course,” she replied with a smile.  Her teeth felt sticky and stained despite brushing them right before the conference.
“Great,” he said.  Dark rings circled his narrow eyes.  He looked like he hadn’t slept in days.  “Can’t wait to see you, sis.”
“Me too.”  Another terse moment of silence passed between them.  She bunched her hands around the pockets of her lab coat, and asked, “How’s Grandma?”
“She’s good.  You should call her sometime.  She’d love to hear from you.”
She cringed, shoulders tight, as if bracing for a punch.  “I know, I’m just…”  Just what?  Busy?  That was no excuse for avoiding calling the woman who raised her.  But for some reason, she just didn’t want to talk to Grandma, though she didn’t know why.
From somewhere off screen, an automated voice sounded.  Michael glanced in that direction and said, “Look, I gotta go.  My flight is boarding.”
“Have a safe trip.”
“Are you sure you’re all right?”  His gaze narrowed and his lips drew tight upon his mouth.
“Yes, I’m sure.”
“You haven’t gotten sick too, have you?”
“No,” she replied, “I’m taking care of myself.  I promise.”
“All right, then I’ll see you soon, sis.”
“Okay,” she said.
He pointed his index finger at the screen in a gesture that meant to disconnect the call.  Instead, he said, “Call Grandma.  She’d love to hear from you.”  He reiterated.
“I will,” she smirked, gaped downcast.  “But it’s late.”
“That doesn’t matter.  Call her.”
From somewhere of-screen, that hollow, automated voice called again, “Now boarding.”
“Gotta go.  Love you, sis.”
“Love you too.”  Then the screen went blank.
Was he really coming to New York?  Was it safe?
Call grandma
When was the last time she did that?  Two weeks ago?  A month?  She couldn’t remember.
Her fingers anxiously twitched as she hefted the tablet in her palm as if it were an exercise weight.
Innards swimming on the frothy foam of apprehension, she swept her finger across the screen of tablet, and said, “Zoom Grandma.”
She drained the remaining contents of her vitamin water in long, hard gulps as the signal connected.  She prayed her Grandma wouldn’t receive the feed, but she did.
Mary-Anne’s tablet flickered as her Grandma came into view.
Although in her late sixties, Bethany Starkey stood short but slim despite her hunched shoulders and back.  Her gray-hair tied back in a neat bun.  The wrinkles carved upon her dark, splotchy skin danced and weaved as she spoke.  Her impeccably white dentures gleamed in the diminutive light encompassing her.  Her hazel-eyes spangled with excitement.
“Mary-Anne?” she asked, “Is that you?”
“Yeah, Grandma, it’s me.”
“Jesus wept.  How are you me little star?”
“I’m okay.”  Was she?  Was that a lie or some semblance of platitude?  “I just got of the line with Mikey.  He said I should zoom you, so I am.”
“Well, bless that boy’s heart.”
“Why are you awake, Grandma?”
“Oh, my sciatica it acting up a bit.  So, I thought I’d come downstairs and do some baking.  You know, moving around does my back some good.”
“I can recommend some medication for that.”
“Oh, no,” she said with an indignant flap of her veiny, slender hand.  Her long, polished nails glinted briefly.  “No pills for me. Stretching and moving is the best remedy.”
“Yeah, I suppose it is.”
They exchanged a long stare through the screen.  For a moment, Mary-Anne wondered if these devices really brought people closer together or drew them apart.  An odd thought.  She’d never considered that before.
Gape narrowed, chapped bottom lip slightly protruding, Grandma asked, “You all right, child?  You don’t look so good.”
She meant to rub her sore eyes, then though better of it – again.  “Yeah, Grandma, I’m okay.  Just tired.”
“You work too hard, sugar.  You should take some time off.”
Chuckling, Mary-Anne said, “You know, Grandma, I was thinking the exact same thing.”
But that was a lie.

****

Anne stood in the partition separating Joshua’s office from his flat in the hub of Kingdom Inc; her arms crossed, hair downcast over her face.  She could only make out his polished wingtips as they made their way back and forth from his private washroom to his bed.  But that was okay, at that moment, she didn’t want to look at him anyway.  She didn’t even know why she was there.
She’d barely partook of a nibble during their long, silent dinner.  Joshua shoveled forkfuls of sustenance down his gullet like it his last meal.
After which, Joshua zoomed their limo which shuttled them back to Kingdom Inc.
“Won’t you come in?” he asked.
“No, I’d rather go home.”
“You asked for answers,” he said, “So, come up and let’s talk.”
And it was true.  After he asked her for his implicit trust, she did want answers.  Answers he promised to deliver – after dinner.  Now, standing there in his quarters, she wasn’t entirely sure she wanted to find those answers.
Against her better judgement, she asked, “So, what’s happening out there?”
The melon-colored light cascaded from the bathroom and onto the satin carpeted floor.  Water from a sink ran as he called back, “How’s your album coming.”
Snorting, she rolled her eyes.   “You’re avoiding the question.”
“No, I’m not,” he called back.  His voice echoed off tile and linoleum.  “You refused to talk to me during dinner, so now I’m asking what I would have at the restaurant.”
“I don’t want to talk about that,” she replied.  And she didn’t.  Her album was barely going at all.  Every time she headed to the studio, the beats, rhythms, and rhymes swirling around her brains seemed to evaporate once she sat down in her chair and thought about…well…him.
“Don’t change the subject,” she snarled, and recoiled slightly as the voice that emanated from her throat sounded harsher than she intended.  “Talk to me…”
He emerged from the bathroom, rubbing a moist towel over his stubbled head and beard as he strode into his private chambers.
Following him, she continued, “…Just talk to me.”  Now her voice sounded almost pleading; as if a lost child begging for her parents.
A brief image or rubble, isolation, and a shadowy figure clad in garishly white clothes raced across her mindscape.   Shivering, she quickly shook those thoughts away.
She asked, “Why are people suddenly getting sick?  People from project Vulcan?”
Joshua’s chamber seemed humble compared to his office.  The room painted in flat slate gray.  The level-loop carpeting also black.  A king’s sized bed furnished with black pillows, sheets, and comforters; evidently his favorite color.  Next to the bed sat a night stand with a decadent oaken lamp perched upon it.  A dresser and bureau (also stained in black lacquer) stood beside a mirror-plated sliding closet.  A large window resided behind the bad; granting a panoramic view of the city.  A ceiling sconce brightly lit the small abode.
He sat on the edge of his black mattress and comforter.
She anticipated the bed would creak under his weight, but it didn’t.
He gazed into her gape, and asked, “How do you know that?”
“You have your sources.  I have mine.”  She said, matter-of -factly.
“Ah,” he chuckled, “Your friend.  The doctor.”
Posture stiffening, mouth drawn tight, she meant to ask how he knew that.  But didn’t.  After all, she had her sources, and he had his.
He exhaled a long, lonesome sigh, and said, “You should know, it isn’t everyone from project Vulcan being afflicted.”
“But they are somehow connected, right?”
“Yes.  Yes, they are.”  The sincerity and dread quavering his normally noble timbre took her off guard.
“How so.”
“Well…I don’t know how to say this…”  He cupped his hands betwixt his knees and lowered his head.
From some reason, she felt a wave of empathy for him.  Sauntering toward him, she sat on the edge of the bed and heard the slight creaking of springs.
Perhaps the same sound emanated under his weight, only she hadn’t deciphered it.
She placed a hand on his knee.  He covered his hand over hers.  His grip felt cold and clammy; like that of a corpse.  Of course, she had no way of knowing that.  Once, when she was surfing off the coast of Australia, a boy surfing the tumult fell from his board and under the waves.  She saw it, but no one else.  She dove into the tepid waters and dragged him back to shore.  The boy’s skin felt like Joshua’s did now.
Sighing, she said, “Just tell.  I was there.  I deserve to know.  Especially if people from project Vulcan are being affected.”
“All right, but don’t worry.  If you were sick, you would know it by know.”
“That’s not very comforting,” she sneered.
“No, I suppose it isn’t.  But that’s the way it is.”
Thrusting away his deathly grip, she stood, and said, “Will you just tell me!”
Unable to meet her piercing gaze, he eventually said, “Do you remember the side-effect we all feared might happen from project Vulcan?”
“Of course,” she said after a moment’s consideration.  “What does that matter?”
“What was it?”
“What?”
Gaping up at her, he reiterated, “What was it?  What was the fear of project Vulcan?”
Her heart seemed to slink into her stomach under a runny trail of snot.  Collapsing on the bed next to him, she said, “A blackhole.  We were all afraid of a blackhole.”
“Right.  Well…that didn’t happen.”
“Okay, so what did?”
“What do you know about cancer?”
Teeth barred, she shot up from the bed as the springs squealed again, “What?”
He clasped both of his clammy hands over hers and gazed into her eyes with pupils so black they seemed opal.  Though there no force in his gesture, for some reason, her knees buckled and she plopped back onto the edge of the mattress beside him.
He said, “Just humor me, what do you know about cancer?”
Gulping a long dry, swallow, she said, “In laymen’s terms:  Cells continue to divide and grow.  Cancer is an aberration, wherein which, the body can’t shut off that ability, and the cells continue to grow and metastasis into tumors.”
Head canted, gaze diverted, he said, “I think that’s the most poetic I’ve ever heard anyone describe cancer.”
“Continue.”
“How does a blackhole develop?”
A frigid tremor course down her spine.  Yet, she replied, “Typically, it’s when a star dies, explodes, then implodes under its own weight.”
“I’m no astrophysicist, but I suppose that explanation will suffice.”
Brushing her jet-black hair from the side of her face, she asked, “How do the two coincide?”
“Well…”  Joshua gulped and gripped her hands tightly.
Despite the cold, deathly nature of his skin, she allowed it.
“Apparently, when we compressed matter, we didn’t create a blackhole in the fabric of space-time.”
Her mouth felt dry; desiccate.  “What did we do?”
“The matter compressor worked on a range that we are still calculating.  It created a burst.”
“The blackout.  I remember.”
“Yes, well, the blackout was more than just that.  It was a burst of unparallel force that caused side effects that we could not calculate or conceive.”
“Such as?”
“The burst of radiation was sporadic, spreading…I guess, unevenly is the best word…across the city.  Most of the exposure was isolated to this building.  Parts of plexiglass became hard as crystal.  Concrete took on the consistency of steel.  And steel, well…we’re still analyzing the data.”
“How far did this spread?”
“We don’t know.”
Her head suddenly ached as if someone were hammering a railroad spike through her forehead.  Caressing the creases on her brow, she said, “I don’t understand.  What does this have to do with the sickness spreading around?”
“Well…” He suddenly raised his arms in a half-shrug and conceded his palms.  “Bear in mind, my team is still collecting and analyzing data—”
“Just tell me, Josh!”
“Okay…well…how can I say this…”
Bluntly is usually best.  That wasn’t her voice; but a giant’s that she’d never heard.  Or perhaps, she had.
He continued, “As far as we can tell, matter seemed to compress within the cells of random unfortunate people.”
She blurted, “Does that mean blackholes are growing in people?”  That was ridiculous, of course.  She knew it.  That wasn’t what she meant to ask, but she couldn’t help the words spewing forth from her lips.
Chuckling, Joshua conceded his palms again, and said, “No, of course not.”
Swallowing a dry gulp, she asked, “Then, what does that mean?”
Running a manicured hand across his shaved head, he said, “That means that people with a hereditary predisposition for cancer are quickly acquiring it in a big, unexpected way.  It’s collapsing those cells and turning into…well, it’s turning into something else.”
“My God.”  Her entire body went slack as a febrile sweat broke across her skin.  She aided in this devastation.  People would die.  Sure, they might find a cure, or lacking that, even a treatment.  It wasn’t unreasonable.  Joshua possessed unfathomable resources.  Still, people would die, and she was responsible.  “What are we going to do?”
“I have people working on this around the clock,” he replied without hesitation.
For some reason, the cold dread brooding in her gullet was suddenly replaced by rage.  Teeth barred, she shouted, “You have people working on this?  You have people working on this?  You asshole!  Did you know this would happen?”
“No, or course not,” he replied, he arms shielding his head.  “But a man in my position always plans for every contingency.”
She bludgeoned him again and again.  Pop,  Something in her right wrist snapped and the entire appendage went numb.  She raked the nails of her left hand against his handsome cheeks; hoping; nay, praying, it would draw blood.  I didn’t.
After several minutes of ferocious blows, she crumbled to her knees.  Hyperventilating and trembling, she held her head in her hands.  Nausea swirled within her and she felt certain she on the cusp of crying.  But she didn’t.  She wasn’t sad.  She wasn’t hurt.  She was furious.
Joshua rested his hands on her shoulders.  For the utmost of brevity, she entertained the notion of knocking those calloused hands away and punch him in the throat over and over again until he choked on his own blood. But, no.  That wasn’t the answer.
Joshua King was a man of unimaginable resource and talent.  And if she helped him start this, she could help him fix it.
“What do we do?” she shuddered.”
“I have a plan.”  His voice sounded pleasantly hollow and vacant.
She craned her head up and gazed into eyes that seemed at black as sack-cloth.
He didn’t grin.  But in her mind’s he she envisioned that he did.  It sent cold shivers riveting down her bodice.
“Do you trust me?”
And though in that moment she utterly terrified, so God help her, she did.

****

The smoggy light cascaded through the windows in an eerie orangish glow.  The stench of burnt tobacco and that Folger’s freeze-dried crap hung heavily in the staunch air.
Lush pillows and tapestries filled the cramped flat.
All seemed silent.  But appearances were all too often misleading.
Jeffrey held his palm upon the locking pad as he closed the door behind him, as if it would soften the sound; perhaps it would.
He lowered to his haunches and crept along the carpet.  He caught a hefty whiff of his own body odor; God, he needed a shower.
He swept his sweaty hair back across his forehead and slunk further into the living room.  He found Monty’s laptop and a stack of books sitting upon a desk, but he didn’t dare disturb them despite the fact this was why he’d come here.
Why had he come here?  Oh, that’s right.  She made him.
Only a half-hour earlier; Jeffrey ran his digits through his greasy, shabby hair; trying like Hell not to let his fingers shake before his captor…or was it his savior?  That remained to be seen.  He swallowed dryly and glanced out the window as denizens and concrete towers slithered past.
“You’re not nervous, are you?” asked Lilith.  Her ruby lips pursed as if she sucking on a straw.  She smiled, and her porcelain white cheeks juxtaposed with the wide-brim sun glasses she wore which nearly covered the top half of her preternaturally smooth face.  Her long, jet-black hair was tied back in a neat pony tail.
“No,” he replied.  But he didn’t believe that.  And he knew she didn’t either.
Lilith swiftly relieved her right hand from the steering wheel of the Cadillac SRX she drove (her left remained on the wheel) and squeezed his knee.  Her grip was tight, cold, and clammy.  But Jeffrey welcomed it all the same.
“Remember why we’re doing this.”
“Why are we doing this?”  That was stupid.  He knew the answer to that.  He just wanted to hear her say it.
As if reading his thoughts (because she could), Lilith exhaled slowly, as her leather-clad bosom heaved up and down. She thrust the wide-brimmed sun glasses on the dashboard, and cast her cataract gaze upon him.
He shivered but steadied his nerves.  After all, she could read his mind.
She said, “We’re doing this for you.  You want answers as to what happened to your friend Officer Johnson.  You’re right.  He was murdered because of what he saw.  Not because of what he knew.  But because of something he just happened to see and recorded on his tablet.”
“Yeah,” he replied, controlling the timber in his voice.  “I know.”
Smirking, the corner of Lilith’s crimson lips curled in a hook-like-shape at the corner of her mouth.  She continued, “I know you know.  Fedic, or, Futnick, as you call him, wants the tablet.  And he’ll kill anyone that stands in his way in order to get it.  But I don’t care about that.  And Joshua King doesn’t care about that.  What happened, happened, and what your friend saw cannot be undone.  We don’t want to hurt your family or your beloved Doctor Starkey.”
“So, what do you want?”  But he feared the answer even as the inquiry escaped his chapped lips.
“You’ll see,” She banked left.
Anxious butterflies swarmed within his belly.
She hit the brakes and he jolted forward; pressing his palms into the dashboard to keep his face from slamming into the leather interior.
With a quick flick of the wrist, she fetched the sunglasses, applied them to her face, smiled at him, and said, “We’re here.”  Her lips so crimson they seemed lacquered with blood.
“And just where is here?”
“You’ll see.  Now go fetch.”
 They have their Dog, now we have ours.
And she was right.  So long as this woman promised to protect his family from Fedic, he would do whatever she desired.  He could not safeguard the ones he loved from Fedic.  God knows he tried.  And if she could…then so be it.
“Tell me what you want me to do.”
“There’s a good pup,” she said, stroking the back-side of her hand down his stubbled cheek.  Her touch was cold, as if that of a corpse.  “There is a man who lives upstairs on the thirty second floor with his Hippie wife.  This man writes books that he should not.  Do you know who I’m talking about?”
“Monty and Rita,” he replied.  He said it without thinking.  As if in a daze as the pallid woman stroked his face again.  “What do you want with them?”
“The man is writing a book that he has no business writing.”
“Because it’s a book about you.”  Once again, the words seeped from his vocal cords upon their own accord.
“Well…” Her crimson lips deepened into a devious smile.  “Me and my brother.  But that is beside the point.  Go and fetch this book and I will make sure your family is safe from Fedic.  Go and fetch this book and I shall give you a gift.  Did you hear me?”
“Yeah, I heard ya.”
“Good.”  She removed her sunglasses and teased her luxurious jet-black hair with lithe fingers.  “Then go fetch.”
The coffee-pot screamed with escaping steam as his thoughts were drawn back to the here and now.
Jeffrey clambered to his feet and swiftly shuffled toward the laptop.  He collected a notepad and opened it.  The contents were filled with scribblings and scrawlings.  He flipped through the notebook as the pages crinkled so loudly, he nearly cringed at the sound of it.  What the hell was he looking for?  He didn’t know.  How would he even know if he saw it?  He swept a trembling hand through greasy hair once again.  This was stupid.  He was a peace officer; not a burglar.  Then he came across something that ran cold shivers coursing up and down his spine.  In the middle of the book, and sketched in black ink was a crude drawing of…well, that was the thing; he wasn’t quite sure what he was looking at.  There was a figure standing upon a pyramid-like structure.  The figure was humanoid in overall appearance:  Legs, arms, a head.  It was drawn over in black ink so many times that the lines tore through to the pages behind.  The figure’s hands were curled with long jagged fingers, more reminiscent to talons.
“Peace Officer Jessip, what are you doing here?”
 Jeffrey’s heart nearly leapt out of his chest as his bowels almost vacated.  He whirled around.
A red-skinned man with long ashy hair, dabbed his face with a towel.  Bare-footed, he wore denim jeans and a flannel shirt.
“Monty?”
“Yes.  Why are you…Did you…Have you…I don’t even know what to say.”  Monty rushed Jeffery.
Jeffery recoiled, but did not keep the old man from barreling into him and wrapping his large, flabby arms around him.
“I thought I would never see you again,” exclaimed Monty.  “What happened to you?  Are you okay?  You look like shit?  Where did you go?”
“The night the Dog went back, I was apprehended.” He said after a moment’s hesitation.  He could think of nothing other than the truth.  After all, he was an officer of peace, not a spy.
Monty reared back as his grip tightened on Jeffrey’s shoulders.  His lips curled as if he’d just ate a mouthful of coffee grinds.  “I don’t understand, how did you escape?  You didn’t…did you?”
“No, I didn’t.  I was released.”
“Yes, of course you were.  And now you are here.  To what end?”
“Don’t you know?” he asked, nodding toward the laptop.
“No.  I don’t know everything.  Only what is revealed to me in my dreams.  They come as pieces of a puzzle that I have to put together.”
“That’s kind of what life is Professor.”
“Would you like some coffee?”
“Sure, why not.”
Monty shuffled into the kitchen leaving Jeffrey standing there alone and feeling rather stupid.  He searched his pockets not because he was looking for anything in particular (all his personal possessions had been confiscated anyway), but because he felt flighty and didn’t know what else to do with his hands.
Knick-knacks clanked as Monty prepared a couple cups.
Jeffrey heard the distinct sound of pouring liquid and smelled the inescapable aroma of French Roast.
Monty shuffled back into the living room as his feet made a slight scuffing noise.  Monty held the mug out to Jeffrey, and he took it as the steam rose in the cramped apartment air.
Gesturing to the floral patterned, duvet-covered couch, Monty said, “Please sit.”
He did, though he nearly collapsed.  His sweat-saturated clothes squelched against the posh furnishing and his thoughts quickly turned to Lilith waiting downstairs.
Monty salubriously raised his mug and Jeffrey reciprocated.  They both sipped at the steaming contents as the clock ticked magnanimously from somewhere down the hall.  The bitter drink burnt the end of Jeffrey’s tongue but he didn’t mind it.
“It’s good,” slurped Jeffrey.
Monty merely nodded.
“Where’s Rita?”
“Grocery shopping.  But that’s not what you really want to know is it?”
“No.  I…we need to know where Dog went.”
“You know where he went.”
Jeffrey, steadied his nerves and managed to run a calm hand through his greasy hair.  “I know where he meant to go.  We all do.  But I need to know where he ended up.  Last time, Troll’s thoughts threw them off course.  I guess.”
“In summation, yes, that is an accurate description.”
“We need to know where he actually went.”
Monty exhaled deeply, set his mug down on the table next to his chair and massaged the creases in his tawny brow.  “You know, you keep seeing we.  I’m just curious as to whom you mean by that.”
“I think you already do professor.”
“I see.  So, they have gotten to you.”
Jeffrey leaned forward in his chair, interlaced his fingers and peered intently into Monty’s gape.  “Look, they’re gonna kill everyone.  You, Rita, Troll, Dr. Starkey, my parents.  Everyone.”
“And you think that logic justifies your actions?”
“No.  It doesn’t.  But it’s all I’ve got.”
“And what will you do to me if I help you?  Or don’t help you?  What is your endgame to this?”
Jeffrey burst from his chair and paced around the living room rug.  His mug clattered against the end table and broke.  “I don’t know.  Okay, I really don’t.  Like you said, professor, this is a game.  A very dangerous game.  So, I suppose this is my gambit.”
They both gazed at the broken mug on the floor and the steamy contents seeping into the carpeting.
“Sorry about that,” said Jeffrey.  He bent over to fetch the shattered porcelain pieces and collected them in his hands.
Monty exhaled another long sigh and massaged his brow.  “I’ll help you, okay.  Not because you are being coerced to do this thing, or because our lives are threatened.  But because I believe there is more to your part of the story that has yet to be written.”  Monty shuffled off into the bedroom, leaving Jeffery there standing alone.
He fetched more pieces of mug from the carpet.  The steamy liquid scorched his fingertips, but at that moment he welcomed it as averse to the cold hollowness swirling amidst his soul.
The shuffling of Monty’s bare feet scuffed across carpeting as he returned with a wire-bound notebook.  “Here,” he said, offering the notebook to Jeffrey, “I’m giving you this not out of duress, but out of trust that you will do the right thing.”
“Thank you.”  Jeffrey took the notebook and folded it in half.  It’s bindings and pages crinkled as he stuffed it in the back pocket of his jeans.
“You are welcome.”
They stared at each other for a long, terse moment.  Jeffrey felt a hot flush of embarrassment.  He knew Monty did too.
“You’re not even going to glance at it?” asked Monty.
“Why should I?  We both know there’s nothing in it.”
Monty’s jaw went slack as his gape grew wide.  Jeffrey pounced and thrust a shard of mug into Monty’s throat.  Blood gushed from Monty’s neck and drizzled down Jeffrey’s lips.  Monty lurched backward.  Jeffrey pressed him down and they both collided to the floor in a thud.
Jeffrey roared, “Just tell me, old man!  Where did he go?”
“You…you know…”
“No, I don’t.  So, tell me!”
Jeffrey plunged the shard into Monty’s chest.  The porcelain slit Jeffrey’s palm.  But he didn’t care.  He would not let Monty’s obstinance endanger everyone he cared about.  He stabbed Monty again and again.  But, Monty, did not scream.  Merely, he exhaled the aroma of coffee and the acerbic scent of blood.
Monty chuckled and choked on spurts of liquid crimson.
“Stop laughing, you old goat, and just tell me where the fuck he went!”
“Don’t…don’t you know?”  hack, hack, gurgle.  “He went to…He went to…”
“Where!”
“He went to where you all died.”
Monty spasmed violently and lay still.
Shaking, Jeffrey rose to his feet and wiped the blood from his face.
He knew exactly where the Dog went.  How could he not?  Troll had already told him in the hospital.

****

All was silent.  The screams had ceased – for now.
Mary-Anne’s temples throbbed; her thoughts muggy and bogged down like Mortis-mud.  She stirred and the soot and sand covering her clothes and body cascaded from her lithe appendages like a rock slide.
She gazed up; shielding the light with the back of her hand as the shackles adorning her wrists rattled.
The madness had stopped.
Wearily, she wiped the grim covering her face as her hands trembled.  Mary-Anne glanced heavenward once more.  But that wasn’t her name.  It was close, though.
She was in some sort of cavern.  The fields.
What an odd thought.  This chasm didn’t appear like any field she’d seen before in her life.  How had she gotten here?  Why couldn’t she remember who she was.
A dark storm cloud obfuscated the light beaming down from above; growing larger.  But it wasn’t a cloud that blotted out the sky.  It was a body.
Thump
She managed to roll out of the way just as the corpse struck the Earth and sent small dust clouds swirling in the stagnant air.
Shivering, she glanced at the lifeless body awkwardly sprawled in the sand where she had just lay.
Short, curly blond-hair; dark skin.  The boy’s dead eyes glared at her accusingly,
Why did you let this happen to me, Star?
“Mikhail, I’m so sorry,” she sobbed.  But her words seemed distant, like an echo emanating from some far-off plane.
You did this to me.
“No, no, no I didn’t.  It wasn’t me.  It was…”
A hooded figure slumped over a nightmarish mare flooded her mindscape.
What was his name?
Larger dark spots fell from above.
Thump.  Thump.  Thud.
She opened her mouth to scream, but nothing came out.  Instead, sand tasting of rot and decay filled her lungs until she could no longer breathe.
You did this to me.  You let me die.  Me and Diamond.
The woman who was not Mary-Anne Starkey lunged toward the side of the cavern as more bodies rained down from above.  She clambered up the wall, but kept sliding back down.  Desperately, she clawed at the dirt until her fingernails broke.
Thump.  Thud.  Thump. Thump.
More and more corpses fell into the chasm, as if being interred; a mass grave.
She screamed once more as their bloated, lifeless bodies collided into her; driving her down.
You did this to me, Star.  You did this to all of us.  This is your fault, you bitch.  Now wake up!

Mary-Anne awoke in a start.  Her cheeks were moistened with lacrimation.
“Knock, knock,” Dr. Kamil Schmidt stood in the doorway of her office.  “Are you all right?”
“Yeah, fine.  Just fine.”  But she didn’t feel fine at all.  She realized she was trembling and her voice hoarse.
“I think you fell asleep in your office.”
“Yeah,” she sniffled.  “I suppose I did.”  She fetched a protein shake from the mini-fridge next to her cluttered desk, and popped the cap.  But she didn’t drink.  She felt certain at any moment she might vomit.
“Bad dream?”  Dr. Schmidt’s bushy eyebrows narrowed as his smooth chin drew tight.  Usually, Dr. Schmidt was a bit of a jokester.  Now, all the humor seemed wiped from his stoic face.
“Why do you ask that?”  Cough. Cough.  Her throat felt like a dry, cavernous well.
“Because you were moaning.”
She swept a shaky hand through her hair, and meant to say, “But I’m assuming not in a sensual way.”  But she didn’t say that.  She didn’t say anything.  She couldn’t even meet his gaze.
“Listen, I know you’re busy.  You’ve been working really hard on this, and we appreciate that.  But there’s been a new development you need to be made aware of.”
“Such as?”  She sipped the shake and immediately her stomach churned, but she managed to hold it down.
“A Mr. Harrington from Kingdom Inc.  I believe he was a patient of yours.”
“Yes, he is -- wait, why did you say was?”
“He was readmitted last night after the teleconference.”
Mary-Anne stood and nearly waffled over had she not pressed her palms so hard unto the surface of her desk she thought her wrists would snap.
Reveries of shackles and splintered fingernails invaded her mind, but she forced those thoughts away.
“Why was I not informed?”
“You were.  At least, we thought you were.  Everyone’s tablets have been going a bit wonky.  Thought you may have gone home, and we tried to zoom you there, but we couldn’t get through.”
“No, I’ve been here.  But why did you say was?”
“I’m sorry to have to inform you of this, Dr. Starkey.  But Mr. Harrington passed away in the middle of the night.”
Exhaling a long rale of sigh, she said, “Christ.”
“That’s not all.  Since last night there have been seventeen new cases.”
“Jesus, Kamil, why didn’t someone tell me?”
“As I said, we tried.  But you were unreachable.”
She slammed a few more slugs of protein shake before her stomach began to churn once more.  She steadied herself before snatching her lab coat from the back of her chair.”
“Where do you think you’re going?”
“I have patients to attend to.”
“Dr. Sharlow is seeing to them.  You need to go home and get some sleep.  You look like shit.”
She snarled, “This is my case.  These are my patients.”
“Don’t forget what happened to your last two.”
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”
“One died and the other disappeared from the hospital without a trace.”
Anger burned inside her with a fire she’d never known before but felt all too familiar, as if it had been inside her; kindling all along.  “That wasn’t my fault.”
Palms conceded, Dr. Schmidt said, “I know.  But you’re not good to anyone running on fumes.  You need to get some rest.”
“I’ll rest when I’m dead.”  But that voice wasn’t hers.
You did this, Star.
Her tablet hummed and vibrated upon her desk.  She just gawked at it.  It was all she could do.
“I thought you said the signal was down?”
He said, “Looks like it’s back up.”
Hummm-hummm
“You might want to get that.  It could be important.”  He left as the door behind him glided shut with an audible Swoosh.
She merely glared at the door.  Right then, something inside her wanted to tackle him to the floor and throttle him; bash the back of his head into the bleach scented linoleum until his brains leaked out.
Hummm-hummm
She grabbed her tablet and swept a finger across the screen.  Peace Officer Jessip’s face faded into view.
“Jeffery,” she gasped.   “Where the hell have you been?”
His hair appeared greasy and unkempt.  Dark rings hung below his eyes.  He said, “Never mind that.  That signal is back up and I don’t know how much time I have.”
“Jeffery, what are you talking about?”
“I found him, doctor.  I don’t know how, but I found him.  I know where he’s going to be tonight.”
“Look, I don’t know what’s going on, but I’ve been worried sick.  You can’t just charge into my life and disappear without a word--”
“Stop talking and just listen to me.  I know where he’s going to be tonight.  I found him.”
Anger swirled within her once more.  What had come over her?  “Where who’s going to be?  Who did you find?”
“Look, I don’t have a lot of time.  Can you meet me tonight?  There’s a fountain in Grammercy Park with three turtles standing on top of each other.  Do you know the one?”
“Yes, but, Jeffery, you need to tell me what’s going on.  Who did you find?”
So, he told her.  Then the feed cut-out and the tablet went blank.
Her knees buckled and once more she experienced the overwhelming urge to puke.  But she didn’t.
One died and the other disappeared from the hospital without a trace.
One day you’ll come back to me!  They always come back to me!
Before the tablet died, Jeffery said one name.  A name that inexplicably riveted her skin into small boils of goosebumps.
He said, “Troll.”

****

Gape wide, Anne spun around like a kid in a candy store.  How could she not feel that way as she ran her diligent fingers over guitars, keyboards, samplers, mixers and soundboards.
She asked, “I don’t understand.  Is this for me?”
Joshua replied, “Of course it’s for you, my dear.”
She stopped and glared intently at him.  “Why are you doing this?”
They stood in the sub-basement of Kingdom Inc, where a lab and matter compressor recently resided.  Now, those technological elements were gone.  As to where they went, only Joshua King knew that.  And he was holding those cards very tight to his masculine chest.
The lab had been refurbished into a recording studio.  Although, as to when this had happened was beyond Anne’s imagination.
She had awoken in Joshua’s bed.  But she wasn’t naked.  Nothing licentious had taken place, at least, not yet.
Joshua slept…well, that was the thing.  She wasn’t sure if he ever actually slept.
She found him sitting behind his desk; backlit by the smoggy early sunrise.  He read through hard copy files as a silver platter on a wheeled cart resided next to the elegant, ebony furnishing.
The scent of scrambled eggs and maple sausage hung prevalent in the staunch air.
“Good morning,” he said.  “Sleep well?”
“Mm-hmm,” she proffered while rubbing the sleep from her eyes.
“I hope you don’t mind.  I took the liberty of getting us some breakfast.”
“I’m still mad at you, you know.”
“No doubt,” he replied without so much as a glance in her direction.  His focus remained solely on the documents before him.
Why had she spent the night?  She didn’t know.  She only sensed a drawing to him that was as powerful as magnetism.  So many questions and doubts circled within her mind like sharks amidst blood-saturated waters; it reminded her of her time surfing in Australia.
“If you like, you may take a shower first.  I’ve had fresh clothes brought up for you.  I hope you don’t mind me taking the liberty.”
“Why are you doing this?”
“Eat, bathe, and then we’ll talk.  I have something I want to show you.  Call it a surprise.”
She showered first.  The hot water and loofah couldn’t cleanse the dirt she felt inhabiting her pores.  She didn’t know why she felt this why.  She hadn’t done anything yet.  But that was just it – yet.  She certain the longer she spent with Joshua, the more she likely to give herself to him.  And the hell of it was, she wanted to.
She emerged with a silken towel around her bodice as she dabbed another at her wet hair.  The fabric felt smooth against her skin and she slightly aroused by it.
“You know, I was thinking about Project Vulcan…” she said.  But Joshua was no longer at his desk.  “Hello?  Josh, where are you?”
Nothing.
Beep-beep-beep
The intercom at his desk signaled an incoming message.
Should she press it?
For some inexplicable reason, she couldn’t help but think the message was for her.  She wrapped the silken, black towel tighter around her body, and pressed the button.  Wearily, she said, “Hello.”
“Good morning, Ms. Warwick.”  It was the voice of Joshua’s personal secretary.
For some reason she was hard pressed to recall the woman’s name.  Perhaps if she zoomed her and Anne saw her face, she might be able to ascribe a name to the voice.
“I trust you slept well.”
“I did,” replied Anne, as her gaze darted about the office.
The morning dim still flooded in through the windows.
“Mr. King implores you eat a hearty meal and then meet him down in the lab.”
“Oh, okay.”  Feeling naked and exposed, she amended, “I’m not really dressed for that.”
“Proper attire has already been brought up to you and is sitting on the bed.  I believe you know where.”
After eating, she ambled into the bedroom and found a sleek, black dress pressed out for her.  At first, she hesitant to wear it.
Oh, what the hell.
And she glad she did.  Gazing at herself in front of the mirror, she spun as her hair danced in tandem with the dress.
She felt like a queen.
Barefoot, she sauntered into the main office area and pressed the button to Joshua’s private elevator as her toes curled into the lush carpeting.
Ding
She sure the doors would slide upon and find General Schertzing’s scouring face.  But that didn’t happen.  Instead, she discovered a tattered rag-doll propped into the far corner of the elevator.
“Hello,” she said amusedly.  “What is your name?”
Maddy.  Prince Maddy.  Pick me up.
So, she did.
Clutching the rag doll to her breast, she rode the elevator all the way down into the depths of Kingdom Inc.  When the doors finally slid open, she anticipated seeing scientists in white lab coats shuffling about.  But there weren’t.  All was silent.  Striding forward, her bare feet plodded against the frigid linoleum tiling.  She clutched the rag doll tighter to her bosom.  A cold rush of fear coursed down her spine, but something about all this just felt right.  As if she were meant to be here.
Joshua stood outside the lab; one foot propped back against the wall as he methodically scrolled through the contents of his tablet.
“Ah, my dear,” he said, gazing up at her.  “You are a vision to behold.”  Nodding at the doll in her arms, he asked, “And what’s that?”
Smiling, she said, “I thought this was a gift from you.  My surprise.”
He replied, “Anne, everything I offer is a gift to you.  You just have to accept it.  And you’re quite right.  I do have a surprise for you.”
He waved his hand over the locking pad and the door slid upon with a pneumatic woosh.
The once vast, brilliantly lit lab now dim and compartmentalized.  3D foam paneling lined the walls.  Several small plexiglass sound rooms sentried a larger one wherein which an entire band could jam.  They stood in the central hub surrounded by the finest mixers and soundboards money could buy.
Giggling like a school girl, she perused all the fine instruments Joshua had supplemented his lab with.
She twirled and danced with the rag doll in her arms.  The she stopped and stared at him.  Really stared at him.  “Why are you doing this?”
“I thought you could use a space to finish your new album.”
“I have a studio.  One that I built.  This is…” arms outstretched, she gazed around, and said, “This is amazing.  But I can’t accept this.  I need to know why you’re doing this?”
“Because I want you.  And I want you to be happy.  Does this not please you?”
Aghast, she said, “Josh, of course it does.  But this is just too much.  What about the lab?”
“The lab has been relocated to a more secure site.  You don’t need to worry yourself about that.  Unless…of course, you want to.”
Did she?
He amended, “Look, people are going to get sick.  A lot of people.  I don’t want that to happen to you.”
“I thought you said you had a team working around the clock on that.”
“I did and I do.  But, in the meantime, I couldn’t bare it if something were to happen to you.”  He took her hand.
It felt cold and clammy.
“Please, stay with me here where at least I’ll know you’ll be safe.”
“But I couldn’t.  All my recordings are at my studio.”
“I have already arranged to have them brought here.  If you’ll stay, that is.”
Pulling away from him, she said, “I still don’t understand why.”  She meant to say “Why you’re doing this?  Why is this happening?  What do you want from me?”  But she didn’t.  She turned her back to him and he rubbed his frigid hands across the soft blades of her shoulders.
She gazed at their reflections in the plexiglass.  Joshua’s silhouette appeared immersed in shadow.  His eyes appeared as deep hollows and his mouth that of a gaping cavern that led to a bleak abyss.  He whispered in her ear and pleasant shivers quivered her bodice.
He said, “I need you to help me.”
Gaping down at the rag doll in her arms, a voice echoed throughout her mind.
Help him.
He caressed her back, and God help her, she wanted to help him.  She desired to do anything for him.
Smiling, she peered up into the black sockets of his reflection, and said, “Okay, what do you want me to do?”

****


8

Troll awoke with a blistering headache.  He raised his hands to rub his pounding temporals but his wrists were bound.  Shackles jangled.  He opened his eyes but all he saw was darkness.
“Does it hurt?” asked a pleasantly hollow voice.
“Aye, indeed it does.”
The slight jingling of crystalline emanated.
“Here drink this.”
“What is it?”
“Water.  But I can make it whatever you wish.  Wine.  Mead.  Lager.”
“I believe water will suffice.”  Troll grasped blindly at the cup.  Here, no light dared to invade the encompassing bleak.  Chains rattled again as his hands restrained.  The cuffs throttling his wrists carved deeper into his flesh.  He envisioned blood seeping out of the dull incisions.  He asked, “Where am I?”
“Exactly where I want you,” replied that pleasantly hollow voice.
Troll had not been this thirsty since the desert.  Tongue working dryly around his mouth he reached for the glass again.  But once more shackles laughed in reverberation.
The manacles cinched tighter around his skin and he winced at the sharp pain despite himself.
The man chuckled and clapped.  “Oh, I’m sorry.  It’s just too funny.  Here, allow me to accommodate you.”
For the utmost of brevity, an image of himself invitingly opening his cloak to Star and suggesting she shelter with him during a chilly Fall rain-shower back when they first met in the woods before Silverdale; before all this; capriciously gamboled across his mindscape before the shadows swept that away, too.
Troll felt the same sensation he did in the hut of the Mistress of the Trees when a shadowy figure swiped its claws amidst the air and froze every muscle in his body.  Static electricity incipiently rose in the stagnant air.  The hairs on his arms and the back of his neck stood on-end.  His shackles released from his wrists and fell in a clatter.
“Ye think I knoweth not who ye are?”
“Oh, I know, you know who I am.  I just want you to say it.”
Massaging his swollen wrists, Troll sneered, “Ye are the Darkling.  The Wraith.  The stranger in white.”
“Yes, I do love the old names.  But here, I just go by Josh.  But that’s not who I am either.  And I think you know that.”
“Then tell me, monster.  Who art thou?”
Joshua chuckled, “Why?  So, you can, as you so eloquently put it,” Joshua’s voice changed to that of Troll’s timber as he continued, “Exorcise me with propriety.”  His voice returned to its normal caliber.  “I believe that’s verbatim.”
Troll’s heart rate galloped as a wild stallion, but he steadied his breath.
Joshua no-doubt felt it, because he said, “I did not bring you here to antagonize you.  I just want to talk.”
“So, speak.”
“I will.  First, drink your water.  You’ll like it.  It doesn’t taste nearly as rancid as the rest of the water in this world.”
Wearily, Troll took the cup in his hands and brought it to his lips.  The chalice cold as sharp glassy points gripped greedily into the tips of his fingers.  He sniffed at it as Joshua just merely gazed at him with his coal-like eyes.  Troll slurped from the water and immediately coughed as the cool water penetrated his esophagus.
“There now,” said Joshua, “Isn’t that better?”
Troll slammed the contents in one swallow and rest the glass back on the opal, black table.
“Okay, speak.”
Joshua continued, “I want to tell you a story.  Not just a story.  But, an explanation of the way things are.  The way they really are.”
“I’m listening.  After all, I’m not going anywhere.”
“No, you’re not.  At least, not until I’ve had my say.”
Troll offered his palm as if supplicating for alms, and said, “By all means, continue.”
“God and the Devil do exist.”
“But of course.”
“Just not like you think.”
The darkened room seemed to obfuscate more, as if the shadows sentient.  And perchance they were.  Troll wished his vigilant torch/staff firm within his grip.
“Is that why ye brought me here?  To speak in riddles?”
I want to play a game.  It’s called, ‘Does Troll Remember.’
“Not at all.  As you once said, long ago,” Joshua’s voice once again masked by Troll’s distinct vernacular.  “Allow me to educate ye in this matter.”
Troll’s head felt heavy; sluggish, as his eyelids began to droop.  “What have thee done to me, demon?”
“Do you remember meeting Montalvo in the mountains outside Al’ber Que?”
“Of course.”  But Troll’s tongue became fat and lazy.  The words barely escaped his mouth.
Joshua continued, “Montalvo didn’t just want to tell you something.  He wanted to show you something.  So, he gave you a tonic.  That’s what I’m doing.”
“Why?”
“Because mere words don’t do it justice, son of David.”
“Why do ye keep calling me that?  What is the purpose of all this?”
Joshua chuckled.  His black, glimmering gaze shined in the gloom.  His teeth seemed preternaturally sharp.  He said, “That is your name.  You don’t remember, but you will.  And I’m telling you this because we are not enemies.  Long ago, we were friends.  I realize you don’t recall any of this.  That’s my fault.  But soon, you will understand.”
Troll’s head bobbed and dropped as saliva dribbled down his bearded chin.
“Do you see me?”
“Aye.”  But he didn’t.  His vision narrowed and funneled.
“Do you see me, old friend?”
He meant to answer again (and more robustly), Aye.  But he couldn’t.
“Do you see me?”
No.  He couldn’t.  Not anymore.
“Good.  See me not.”
And then all went dark.

It knows a name.
Anne with her hair cropped short and glimmering blade gripped so tight, it a miracle blackish blood didn’t ooze and slither between the hollows of her trembling digits.
Ti’s a trick.
Glimmering crimson orbs like far away lambent torches.
“I want to play a game,” said Anne the meat doll.  “It’s called, does Troll remember.”
He had answered the first two questions correctly about meeting the Dog and Star.  But his third response as to when he’d originally encountered the Wraith was inaccurate.
“Does Troll remember the blue door?”
“Aye.”  But he lied.  Or so he thought.

****

Dave swung open the door of his red ’97 Blazer.  The hinges creaked and moaned angrily.  He kept meaning to spray some WD-40 on it, but procrastination inhibited him from doing so.  He procrastinated on a lot of things.  And his mother was not averse to constantly remind him of such a fault every time she called him.
Dave yawned and stretched.  His shoulders and forearms screamed with stiffness.  But he was always sore.  Just one of those mysteries of life he supposed.
His boots shuffled and flexed upon the concrete as he meandered across the parking lot’s cracked veneer.  Pebbles and small stones skittered away as if in fear with each step he took.
The morning sky hazed by dull gray clouds and humidity; promising a heavy deluge in the not-too-distant future.  The city air purled with nothing more than gasoline emissions and ozone.
Strange.  He noticed the glint of the sun’s faint early morning rays bouncing off Jimmy’s black Dodge Dakota.  Not so much odd to see the sunlight reflecting off the smooth curves of the truck’s glossy finish, but because Jimmy was never here this early.
Yawning, he rubbed his shoulder as he shuffled toward the pickup.  The sound of heavy metal music emanated from behind the rolled-up windows.  Inside, all some caked in a rich, swirling mist.  Dave rapped his knuckles on the window.  It rolled down with a jerking motion.  Not one of those power windows, but the old hand-crank style.
Eyes glassy and bloodshot, Jimmy merely nodded as he turned down the radio.
He caught a whiff of alcohol and marijuana.  Jimmy was drinking and getting stoned right outside of the warehouse.
“What the fuck are you doing, man?” Is what Dave meant to ask.  Instead, he glanced at the tallboy shivering in Jimmy’s grasp and then at his glossy gape, and asked, “Are you okay?”
Jimmy sniffled and wiped the flakes of sleep from his long eyelashes, and said, “No.  Not really.”
“What happened?”
But he didn’t need to ask.  He could see it.

****

Jimmy awoke in the middle of the night on the bottom bunk of the bed his cousins used to own.  Everyone always thought it odd that a 22-year-old man slept in a child’s bunk bed.  But Jimmy always said, “He man, I can sleep on top or bottom.  Plus, it’s fun during sex.”
But there was nothing fun when he awoke at 3am to the clapping of thunder and thrashing of lightning.
He wasn’t fully awake.  Not really.  More like his mind was aware as his body still slumbered.  Something held him down.  Something alive yet ethereal.  Something that was drawing energy from him.  Jimmy thrashed his head back and forth against the pillow in a desperate attempt to rise from the gloom.  But he couldn’t.  Hands pressed him down.  But hands weren’t the right words.  They were talons; elongated fingers that tickled and caressed him in all the wrong places.
“No…no…no…”
He was still asleep.  He knew it.  Yet, still the unmistakable sound of his own voice echoed from his throat.
There was another voice.  Something deep and guttural like boulders grinding together, only, he didn’t know how he knew that.  The voice spoke to him.  And although he heard those vacantly hollow words, he didn’t understand them.
“No!  Stop!  Don’t!”
Jimmy awoke in an explosive force; sitting bolt-right as thunder boomed louder.
There in the corner loomed a shadow.  A familiar shadow.  One he could not understand, but one he recognized.  The shadow possessed glimmering red eyes and repeated three words over and over again.  Words that haunted Jimmy for months.
“See me not.”

****

Dave sighed, and said, “Look man, I think you may be partying too much.  Too many drugs.  Too much alcohol—”
“It’s not that,” snapped Jimmy.  His teeth barred and his mouth clamped together so swiftly the sound evident.
Dave glanced around the otherwise vacant lot.  It was way too early for Jimmy’s bullshit.  But at least Jimmy was talking.  There were days when he didn’t speak at all.  And the only real way to read him was by the facial expressions adorning his otherwise statuesque veneer.
Jimmy gazed up at him with rheum shimmering in his gape, and said, “It was real.  You have to believe me.”
“Okay,” was all Dave could think to say.
“And if it comes back.  If it ever comes back…”  Jimmy stared intently into Dave’s eyes and added, “I need you to help me kill it.”

****

“Does Troll remember Joshua King or William James Mather?”
Did he?  He thought he did.  Or, more aptly, a way of remembering.
“Does Troll remember the blue door?”
“It knows a name.  Aye, so it does.”

Troll asked, “Why are ye showing me this?”
Joshua leaned forward and interlaced his fingers upon the black, opal table, and said, “Because I need you to understand.”
Troll’s sluggish tongue worked methodically in his mouth like under some kind of momentous weight.  Understand what?
“I need you to understand that you are not special.  That the circumstances surrounding you are the only reason you’re here.”
“I…I am…”
Joshua erupted in laughter.  “What?  That you’re special?  Yes, I’m quite sure you believe that.”
“I…th…thought…”
“That we were friends.  Yes, I’m getting to that part.”
Was Joshua reading his mind?
“Now sleep.  Sleep, and I’ll show you more.”

****

Dave first met Jimmy when he and a few of his college friends moved across the street from Dave’s mom’s house.  He immediately liked Alex and Jacob, but there was something off about Jimmy.  Jimmy didn’t talk much and was known to be sort of a recluse.
He was short, skinny, and even when others were around, people hardly noticed Jimmy because he so quiet.
Dave often thought that was the way Jimmy preferred things.
Jimmy and his friends resided in what could only be best described as a “party house”.  Bottles and aluminum cans often glistened from the grass in dire need of moving.  The shingles and boarding were warped and weather aged.  Even the plaster inside bowed at some points, particularly over the grease-smeared stove.
Alex and Jacob often went golfing or swimming in the creak.  But Jimmy preferred to stay in his room that was only lit with a lava lamp and a blacklight bulb.  Although, Jimmy could be quite sociable when he was drunk; which he often was.  However, he also possessed a bit of a mean streak.
Once, Nick, a friend of Dave’s came over to hang out and show-off his new mountain bike.  Nick worked at a local bike shop and often built bicycles from scratch; which he was quite proud of.
“Look how clean those spokes turn,” Nick said to Jimmy.
“Where?” slurred Jimmy.
“Right there, man.  I put that shit together myself.”
“Right where?”
“There man, are you blind?”  Nick’s slender face grew taught in an amalgamation of confusion and irritation.  His broad forehead rose; extending his short, curly, dirty-blond hair.
“Show me.”
Nick spun the front tire of his bike again, and said, “There--”
Jimmy pushed Nick’s outstretched finger into the spokes which severed the digit.  Nick howled in pain.  People rushed to the aid.  Some ran outside to puke from the horrid sight.  Jimmy just laughed and laughed.
Jimmy grabbed the bannister that led upstairs and pulled it free from the plastered wall.  Bits of cement and wood splintered down the stairs as Jimmy whooped and hollered; swinging the bannister around his head.
Alex and Jacob had to tackle him to the floor just to get him to stop.

****

“What is thy master’s name?  For, I have not been properly introduced?”
“It knows a name.”
“Round two, question the first, does Troll remember his name?”
“Of course, my name is Troll.”
“I’m sorry, that’s incorrect.”
“Blasphemy! How dare ye suggest I not know my own name.”
“Because you don’t.  Not yet.  How could you?  You don’t even know who you are.  Ha-ha-ha-ha!”

****

In 2003, Jimmy was arrested for DUI.  People moved out of the party house and it was then condemned.  Jimmy moved back home with his Mother and Father-in-law.  Every day, he took his step-dad’s truck and mad the 45-minute commute from Jackson to Lansing to the flooring warehouse where he worked unloading trucks.  Of course, this was frowned upon, due to the fact he didn’t ask permission to use the truck, and because he’d lost his license, but nobody said anything.  Losing his job would have been a violation of his probation and met with some serious jailtime considering some of Jimmy’s more manic quirks.
Then, in August of 2004, when Dave and his mom were on the cusp of bankruptcy, Jimmy offered him a job.
“Come work with me, bro.  I got you.”
So, Dave did.  What else could he do?  Dave was 19 without a high school diploma and his mom became recently disabled after a rather nasty hit and run incident.
Jimmy treated Dave like total shit those first couple weeks.
“What should I do?” Dave would ask.
“Man, you been here this long and you still don’t know what to do?”
Jimmy’s perception of time was always up for speculation.  As if he was never really quite certain of where or when he was.  But that was just Jimmy.
So, time went on as it often did.  Jimmy would unload trucks choke full of rolls of carpet and padding as he taught Dave to read manifests and make orders to distributors based on inventory.  Dave was grateful for the opportunity bestowed upon him.  Despite Jimmy’s hesitance to let anyone close and get to know the real him; eventually, they became friends.  More than friends, in fact.  And even though Jimmy would be hard-pressed to admit it, Jimmy was more like the older brother he never had.  Sure, he could be a real prick sometimes, but after all the goading and mocking, Jimmy would eventually say things like: “Dude, you can’t make an order based on what’s not in the warehouse.  You need to look at the stock that is selling good.  When we run low on that, that’s what we’ll need in-house.  You can’t just place orders for 100-hundred-foot rolls of shag.  Nobody buys that shit anymore.”
The distinct (and indescribable to anyone outside of the flooring industry) aroma of recently manufactured carpeting and polyurethane-wrap failed to flee Dave’s olfactory for years.
His hostility and egocentric temperament aside, Jimmy looked after Dave and his mom; occasionally stopping by with fresh cutlets of chicken or pork for them to grill out on.

****

Shuddering from the frigidness stirring within him, Troll sniffled and swept a tear from his bearded cheek with a cusp of his hand.  Beads and braids shucked and jived with this sudden free movement.  Another stinging sensation bit at the laceration festooning his wrist.
“I…” stuttered Troll, “I remember that.”
Grinning like the Cheshire cat, Joshua leaned over the table.  His facial features immersed in darkness.  He said, “That’s good.  Do you remember what happened next?”
“Aye.  Jimmy went mad.”
“Oh, but Jimmy was always mad.  Try harder.  What happened next?”
Steadying the pounding in the hollows of his chest, Troll exhaled deeply, and replied, “He grew fearsomely paranoid that something was after him.”
“And was there?”
“Aye.  Indeed.”
“Who was it?  What was it?”
Madgellaine.  Prince Madgellaine.  The Sweetie Man.
It knows a name.
“Then say it.”
Heart beating arrhythmically, Troll uttered, “It was ye.”

****

Dave knocked on a wooden door polished with varnish the hue of golden-rod.  He didn’t know why he’d come here.  He only knew he had nowhere else to go; nowhere to turn.
After weeks of Jimmy’s incessant yammering about a creature clouding his bed and feeding off his energy, his step-father and mother finally did the only thing they could think of; they had him committed to a local psychiatric hospital.  But in all that time, all Dave could envision was that wild look in Jimmy’s bloodshot eyes.
It happened.  I know you probably don’t believe me.  I know you must think I’m crazy, and I am.  But it did happen.  And when it comes back, and it will, I need you to help me kill it.
“Come in.”
Dave turned the brass handled knob, unsure of what he would find beyond the oaken portal; only knowing he, nay, Jimmy desperately needed help.
“Hi,” said a woman wearing jeans and a smart, pin-striped jacket.  Her brown, almond-shaped eyes seemed welcoming.  Her wavy, black hair tied back in a bun.
“Professor McCallister?”
“No,” she chuckled.  Adjusting the ovoid glasses that enlarged her radiant eyes, she continued, “I’m Professor McCallister’s TA.  Maria Stark.  How can I help you…?”
“David”
Shelving units stuffed with books and periodicals guarded the walls like stone sentries.  A polished window allowed the afternoon sun to fall upon a small desk and computer.  The office reeked of patchouli juxtaposed by lavender incense and the unmistakable scent of old books.
Maria gathered some notes from the cluttered desk and held them tight to her breast, as if they some sort of treasure.  “How can I help you, David?”  She gazed into his eyes; really looking into the depths of his heart-broken soul.
“What…”  how to finish that thought?  “What do you know about dreams?”
Chuckling nervously, she whisked a stray lock of hair from her brow, and said, “Well…I, uh, don’t really know.  This is the psychology department.  I’m afraid most of what we do here doesn’t really apply to dreams, although, that being said, I’m sure Freud and Jung would have a differing opinion on that.  Basically, psychology is the study of behaviorism, and even though dreams and thoughts are a big factor on how people react to daily situations, dreams are not a basic course of study.  But, I’m sure Professor McCallister can give you a more direct answer to that.  Would you like me to make an appointment?”
“No, my dear, I don’t believe that will help.”  He just gazed at her.  She was beautiful in a way he’d never experienced:  breathtaking, vivacious, and intelligent.
Brown-gaze dithering, and biting her lower lip, she uttered, “You’re a…your kind of freaking me out.”
Unsure how to proceed, he cleared his throat, and amended, “I, uh…I have this friend.”
“Okay, and by friend, are we talking about an actual friend, or is this a way of us talking about you without you admitting it?”
“No, it’s a friend.”
“Okay, tell me about this friend.”  She glanced at him again in earnest.
It was then that he noticed it was not he she was looking at, but rather the clock on the wall behind him.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to waste your time.”
“No, no.  Not at all, it’s never a waste of a student’s time.”
“I regret to inform you that I am not a student of this fine university, merely a visitor.”
Clutching the notebooks tighter to her chest, she nodded.  “Did anyone ever tell you that you talk like a poet.”
He smiled dumbly.  It was all he could think to do.
Adjusting her spectacles once more, a coy smile curled at the corner of her luscious lips.  “Okay, Shakespeare, you’ve piqued my curiosity.  How can I help you?”

****

Joshua asked, “And what did you tell her?”
Pulse pounding like the King’s war drums, Troll said, “I told her everything.  So, help me God, I told her everything.”
Smirking complacently, Joshua asked, “Then what happened?”
Clutching his thumping chest, Troll snarled, “Ye know what happened.”
Joshua chuckled to the point where Troll certain he would erupt in laughter.
Joshua said, “Of course I know what happened.  I just want to hear you say it.”
“Why?  What is the point of all this?”
Joshua sighed and opened his palms upward as if proffering rains from the sky, and said, “I tell a story.  You tell a story.  Then we tell a story together.  Isn’t that so, David?”
Troll’s bones felt weak, cachectic.  His skin blossomed with a fine sheen of febrile sweat.  “Why are ye doing this?”
Joshua leaned close.  His gape seemed to dim even deeper amidst the gloom.  “Because I need you to understand who you are and why this is happening.  Do you?”
“Oh, I understand, demon,” snarled Troll.
“No.  Not yet you don’t.  But you will.  Oh, soon you will.”
Troll stood, but his stalwart muscles failed him and he floundered back to his chair.  The oaken furnishing bowed and creaked.
“Come on, now” coaxed Joshua, “tell me a story, won’t you?”
Troll opened his mouth to scream; to denounce this abomination before him.  But the only thing that flooded forth were memories.

****

Dave went to see Jimmy nearly every day in the hospital; visiting hours permitting, of course.  Jimmy was usually drugged so bad that he drooled and barely kept his glassy eyes open.
“That can’t be good for him,” Dave once mentioned to a tall, bulky orderly with a graying flat top.  “Why does he need to be doped all time.”
The orderly replied, “Our friend here has a nasty tendency to lash out at people, sometimes verbally, other times physically.  See this?” he asked, holding up a hairy arm wrapped in gauze.  “Crazy fucker bit me for no reason.”
“Seriously?”
“Oh yeah, I had to get a tetanus shot; the whole nine.”
St. Larry’s (or St. Looney’s) appeared more of a church than a hospital from the outside.  Gothic pillars and stone walls.  Stained-glass windows affixed with bars.  Crumbling ashlar brickwork.  Inside, it resembled a prison.  Locked doors around every corner.  The pungent smell of bleach emanating from the brown-tiled flooring.  The walls painted in a soft yellowish color.  The décor furnished in hues that were said to keep the patients calm.
Upon riding the elevator up to the fifth floor, Dave was required to sign a waiver and remove all personal belongs from his pockets before a beeping sounded, followed by the clunk of an automated lock releasing.  He would then be escorted down that yellowish corridor with its shit-brown flooring into the dayroom.  Most of the patients wore sweats and t-shirts and played board games while a TV suspended in the far-most corner of the ceiling that was never on.  Jimmy, however, was never in the dayroom (at least, not to Dave’s knowledge).
His escort ushered him to Jimmy’s room, 513, where he used a keycard to unlock the door.  That same pneumatic beep sounded as the door unlatched.
“Just give a shout if he gets out of hand,” said the nurse.  “I’ll be right outside the door.”
Jimmy stood in front of a window adorned with bars from the outside.  He wore a patient’s surgical gown; his bare, white ass hanging out.
“How you doing, bro?” asked Dave.
Jimmy just stood there a moment, leaning to the side as if he about to fall over.  And perhaps he would.  Who knew what medications they had him on.
After what seemed like an eternity, Jimmy replied, “Same.  It keeps happening.”
“What keeps happening?”
“My dreams,” he whispered, “they keep coming true.”
“You know, mom made you some meatloaf and cornbread.  Nurses wouldn’t let me bring it in though, said it might interfere with--”
“I keep telling them.”  Jimmy pivoted away from the window and toward Dave.  His eyes half-open and glassy.  A thin rivulet of drool ran down from the corner of his slack, chapped lips and onto his surgical gown.
He’d once asked a nurse why Jimmy had to wear that.
“Crazy bastard keeps pissing and shitting himself.” Replied the orderly.
Dave asked, “What do you keep trying to tell them?”
“I keep trying,” Jimmy said groggily, “But they just won’t listen.”
“Listen to what?”
Jimmy merely stood there, leaning as if on the cusp of collapsing.  His glassy-gaze barely rested upon him.
Jesus, does he even recognize me?
Dave cleared his throat, and said, “Mom is good.  She prays for you.”
“My dreams.”
“What?  What about your dreams?”
“They keep coming true.”
“Jimmy, what are you talking about?”
“There was a girl,” he croaked, “A young girl in B-wing.  She hung herself with her own hair.  Not sure how she did that, but she did.”  He giggled as more slobber fell from his parched, cracked lips.
And it was true.  A woman had hung herself last week.  Dave read about it in the paper, hell it was even on the evening news.  But, how did Jimmy know about that?  An eerie sensation crawled across Dave’s skin, making his hair stand on-end.
Jimmy must have heard about it somewhere.  Sure, people talked.  And in his drugged-induced state, he probably thought he’d foreseen it.
“Listen, Jimmy…” but he didn’t know what to say.  The words fell from his lips like the dandruff from Jimmy’s unkempt hair.
Jimmy leapt across the room and grabbed Dave by the collar of his jacket.
“You hear me?” snarled Jimmy.
His breath smelled rank of sickness, like when someone was just getting over the flu.
“I know what’s going to happen!  To you!  To everyone!  I dream it, and it turns true!”  His eyes wild and wide.  His grip seemed impossibly strong, as if he no longer drugged, or merely feigning it the entire time.
“Get ahold of yourself, dude.”
“You don’t believe me.  No of them do.  But they’ll see.  They’ll all see!”
Dave wasn’t afraid of Jimmy.  Just afraid for him.  Obviously, his presence caused distress in Jimmy when what he needed was rest.
“Shh, calm down,” Dave placed his hands over Jimmy’s grip, relaxing them.  Jimmy released his grasp from Dave’s collar.  His eyelids hung heavily, jaw slack as spittle dribbled down his chin.
“Orderly, I believe I should leave now.”
“He’s going to die, you know.”
“What?”
“The nurse, the one I bit.  He’s going to die in a car wreck.  I dreamt it.  I saw it.”  Then Jimmy turned back to the window as the nurse entered the room.
“Everything all right in here?”
Dave replied, “Yes, of course.”
“He’s going to die,” drooled Jimmy; still gaping out the window.
And the hell of it was, two days later, he did.

****

Maria tapped the notebook in her lap, and said, “Okay, so here’s the plan.  You give him this, and tell him to write his dreams in it.”
Dave lounged back in the driver seat of his ’97 Blazer as he squeezed the steering wheel.  “I’m still not sure this is such a good idea.”
“Hey, this is based off your idea, not mine, Shakespeare.”
He’d been visiting her regularly for the past two weeks; sometimes at her office, but mostly at the coffee house across from campus.  Usually their meetings were preceded by a visit with Jimmy in the hospital.
He went to her because he didn’t know where else to go, or who to talk to.  At first, he felt stupid.  But the more they met, and the more he told her about Jimmy’s worsening condition, the more intrigued she became.
He knew she was only following up on things to write her thesis.  But he didn’t care.  With each passing moment he fell more and more in love with her.
There was no way she felt the same.  How could she?  His clothes were always ragged and reeked of dingy carpet and sweat.  His long hair and beard wild and mangey.  She on the other hand, always wore neatly pressed outfits meticulously put together.  Her hair tied back yet fashionable.  And the piquant scent of strawberries in summertime radiated off her like beams of sunlight.
He couldn’t possibly fathom why she continuously agreed to see him.  Yet, at her own admission, she believed Dave and his recounting of Jimmy’s plight.  Or, at least, hung on his every word as she jotted down her notes.
The two sat in his Blazer in the parking lot outside St. Lawrence’s psychiatric hospital: also known as St. Looney’s.
The gloomy, overcast, stony clouds hung around the peaks of the archaic asylum like a tarnished halo.  Everywhere else, the sun beamed down brightly.  As if, God had forsaken this particular institution, or namely, one specific resident.
“I can’t thank you enough for doing this.”
Maria brushed back he bangs and stared at him with ebony eyes enlarged by her ovoid glasses.  “Look, no matter how this turns out, it’s going to be a hell of a thesis paper for me.  I think you just helped me earn my doctorate.”
“Yeah, because, that was my plan all along.”
“Whatever, you ass.”  She looked at him for a long moment.  The corners of her luscious lips curled up like pinwheels at a fair.
All he wanted to do was embrace her; kiss her; make her feel like she meant the world to him.  But unfortunately, he had other matters to attend to.
Sighing, Dave said, “Okay, walk me through this again.”
“Go in there.  See your friend and give him this notebook.  Tell him to write down his thoughts, his dreams, whatever.  Journaling is very therapeutic.”
“And how exactly was this my idea?”
Huffing with a slightly nasal snort, she rolled her eyes, and said, “Hey, you said your friend believes his dreams are real.  So, let’s see.”
“You say that like you don’t believe it.”
He thought she would scoff.  She didn’t.  She merely gazed out the window and said, “Look, you wanted my help.  This is the only thing I know to do.  Just give it to him.”
“Okay.”  The springs scrunched in the seats as he leaned over to accept the notebook.  Except, when he bent over, she kissed him.  And he kissed back.  He could have stayed there; in that moment.  They both could’ve.  Instead, he took the notebook, smiled, and said, “Hey, what could go wrong?”

****

“Well?” asked Joshua.  “What went wrong?”
Tears streaming down Troll’s face, he sniffled, and said, “Everything.”
“Everything is too vague of a term.  Tell me, what exactly went wrong?”
“I gave Jimmy the notebook.”
“And?”
“And what he wrote in it; his dreams, his thoughts, they came to pass.”
“How so?”
“What does’t thee mean, how so?  Ye know.”
Joshua’s thin lips, spread narrowly across his stubbled face, as if stretching.  Opal eyes glinting in the dim, he replied, “No, I don’t.  So, tell me.”
Troll erupted from his seat and slammed his palms on the table with such force as to cause the furnishing to wobble.  His wrists seared in agony, yet he forced the pain away.  Feeling the same anger and frustration Jimmy did when he tore the banister from the plaster wall, Troll said, “His nightmares came to pass.  Illusions of monsters and devils, they became real.”
“But they’re not nightmares, are they?  Just ask Star.”
“Why are ye doing this?”
Joshua stood.  His visage morphed into one as black as sack-cloth.  “You keep asking me that, and you know the answer.  Now, say it!”
“No.  I will not.”
Joshua’s eyes glistened with a crimson anger.  Yet, his smile broadened, as he said, “Very well, allow me to show you what you’re truly afraid of.”

****

The fluttering of leathery wings and chirpings of echoing shrieks reverberated like a monsoon.  Beady, red eyes.  Razor-sharp, elongated teeth.
He wasn’t afraid of bats, per-say.  He was terrified of what they reminded him of.  And what they reminded him of was too horrible to recollect.  But he did.
“Why did she help you?  The woman?”
“She thought it would help her with her degree.”
“That’s true.  But not the whole truth, is it?”
“No.”
Bats screeched.  The fluttering arose like thunder.  A voice like rusty nails in a glass mason jar asked, “So why did she?”
Heart galloping, he said, “Because she loved me.  And I loved her.”
“She knows a name.  And so do you.”

****

Dave arose wearily.  His head pounded and his nose stung with a sharp pain.  His face felt hot and sticky.  He wiped what he thought was sweat from his face and brow, only to find his palm awash with crimson.
Jimmy had been right.  What he dreamt became reality no matter how insane it sounded.
Jimmy wrote (and if one asked him), spoke of vampires, werewolves and wraiths.  He sounded so assure of it when he called Dave.
How did Jimmy call you?
He called me in his mind.  I heard him.  I could always hear him.
And Maria went with you?
Yes.
Why?
Because we were in love.  We were always in love from the moment we first met.
Dave glanced around the gloom.  They were in the attic of Jimmy’s mom’s house.  But it wasn’t quite the attic.  Jimmy had led them through a crawlspace that no one had ever seen or noticed fixtured in the small upstairs bathroom.  Because, until that moment in time, it didn’t exist.
How did Jimmy escape the hospital?
He just walked out.
And no one stopped him?
No, there was no one left to stop him.
How did you arrive at Jimmy’s mom’s house?
Because he was in trouble.  I heard him in my head.
Glimmering rays of blue-light like a doorway illuminated the bleak.
How had he gotten here?  What happened?
Maria lay sprawled out on the plank-fissured flooring in a pool of blood.  She was dead.
“What…What happened?”  The plank-fissured floor-boards moaned beneath his heft.  The stench of mold and cobwebs like rotten-cotton hung prevalently in the dismal, stagnant air.
Jimmy appeared as a silhouette before the blue doorway that glimmered with a purling, preternatural glow, and said, “You did this.  This is how it ends.  This is how it will always end.”  He stabbed an accusing finger in Dave’s direction as if poking him in the chest.  Jimmy’s teeth barred as he snarled.  His hazel-eyes spangled in an emotion David could only equate with rage.
Jimmy growled, “And each time, she’ll die before ever you reach her.”
“No, no, no.”  Dave scrambled toward Maria and held her lifeless body in his quivering arms.  Her appendages limp as he hoisted her into his lap.  He gazed down at her face.  Her ebony eyes lacked the light that shined within her.  Her breath had stilled.  Her head lolled to the side.  Her neck had been broken.
Dave asked, “What did you do?”
Jimmy replied, “I didn’t do this.  You did.”
Cradling Maria’s head to his chest, he sobbed, “You killed her.  You crazy, mother fucking murderer!  You killed her!”
“No,” replied Jimmy.  His voice sounded empty; without a soul.  “He did.”
From out of the darkness, an eidolon materialized.  It laughed.  The sound reminiscent to leathery wings and high-pitched skirls.  It grasped Jimmy by the shoulder and thrust him backward into the shimmering blue door.
Jimmy screamed, “No!  I’m sorry!”  But it was too late.  Jimmy was gone.  And the doorway closed behind him.
All went silent and dark as Dave blathered like a baby.
That same voice, like rusty nails in a glass mason jar said, “You can’t save them.  You can’t save any of them.”
Dave meant to say something.  Anything.  To rebuke the monster’s words.  But he couldn’t.  He lacked the strength to do so.
Eyes burning as bright as the fires of Hell, the apparition amended, “Trolls turn to stone in the sunlight.”
And then the phantom vanished.

****

Clapping with a sarcastic cadence, Joshua said, “Bravo, brava, bravissimo!  See, now we’re getting somewhere.”
Troll blotted the lacrimation seeping from his oculars, and said, “That can’t be all of it.”
“Oh, no,” chuckled Joshua, “But as you once yourself said, a truth must be revealed little by little and a piece at a time.”  Joshua leaned closer across the table, as if stretching its monstrous body.  The room illuminated in an eerie bluish hue.  “What happened next?”
Troll stammered, “I…I was lost.”
“No, not yet you were paper-preacher.  Tell me, what happened next.”
Troll envisioned his second encounter with the Wraith within the Mayor’s mansion.
You have no power over me, paper-preacher.
The shadow never actually said that, but as a slue of demonic bats besieged him, that’s exactly how he felt.
Of course, then, he called upon the power of God to grant him strength.
Now, that force seemed abysmally distant, as if it a farce, as if it never truly existed.
Nerve-ends tingling, gut sinking, heart bludgeoning against his ribcage like a prisoner demanding freedom, Troll, son of David gulped.
Joshua repeated his inquiry, “Well, what happened next?”
He knew the answer.  He just didn’t want to express if verbally.  Every fiber in his being forbade him from doing so.
“Say it!  What happened next?”
Quavering, Troll stammered, “I…I went outside.”

****

Birds chirped.  Leaves and branches swung in a slow, melodic waltz; yet the air smelled bitter; like rotting pumpkins.
Shivering, Dave strolled away from the two-story farmhouse painted in a brick-red hue.  He glimpsed back and inexplicably felt at peace for the first time in a long time.
What happened?
He didn’t know.  Even if he did, he hard-pressed to explain the incidents of the last few weeks.  The insanity.  The dreams that came to pass; as horrid and preternatural as they might seem.
Maria.  Jimmy.  They were gone.  And he didn’t know where to go or what to do.
He felt rays of sunshine warming his shoulders, as if he on a beach somewhere in a more pleasant realm.  He glanced back and cupped a hand over his eyes as the first beams of dawn broke through swaying coniferous tree-lines.  Then, as good as the phantom’s promise he was encapsulated in stone.  The sensation of his marbling skin could only be described in one word – AGONY.

****

Laughing, Joshua applauded, and said, “See, that was a good story.”
Teeth barred as the Dog’s, Troll asked, “What did ye do?”
“I told you, God and the Devil do exist, just not like you think.  God is not a personification of some sentient being residing in Heaven.  It is the light that connects all life to one another, through which compassion and love are experienced.  The Devil is the antithesis of that; the darkness that divides us all into selfishness.”
“Are ye saying, Jimmy was the Devil?”
Joshua laughed so hard Troll thought he might shed tears.  “No.  Not at all.  Jimmy was a powerful psychic that could do uncanny things with only the power of his mind.  We needed that.  We thirsted upon that.  It’s what drew the darkness to him.”
“Speak plainly, demon.  For, I have no time to mince words with the likes of thee.”
Joshua grinned.  His teeth were small and razor-sharp.  His eyes beady and red.  “The darkness found a soul and embodied it.  But someone found a way to cast it out and imprison it.  Jimmy invited it back in because of the blackness within him.”
“Jimmy was not evil.”
“No, he wasn’t.  But then again, no one is inherently evil.”
“So, why all this?”
“Because the three of you found each other.  Jimmy was the vessel through which I acted until I released from my trapped, corporal form.  Maria was the light of your life.  And you…well, you were the wild card that could throw a hitch in my plans.”
“Ye did not answer my question.  If we are here to tell truths, then answer me.”
Joshua sighed, and said, “Jimmy was me.  Or rather, I was Jimmy.  We were one entity until I broke free.  But I need him in order to accomplish what must be done.”
“Ye mean the Dog, ye made him?”
“We made each other.  But, as I said, we need him.  Of course, he went missing.  He found a way to avoid my sight.”
“I don’t understand, how does that explain myself or Myriam?”
“Because, there are other worlds.  I believe I already told you that.”
Troll’s thoughts whisked back to the top of the major bluffs of Krin.
There are other worlds than this.
“So?”
“So, I encased you in stone because you crossed me.  Think of it as an eternal prison.  But, when I realized I needed that mutt of yours, I released you so that you and Star could find him and bring him back to me.”
Troll’s mindscape whisked back to an event he couldn’t possibly envision, yet somehow, he did.

****

Collapsing to his hands and knees, he gasped and wheezed as if it the first breath he’d taken in a millennium.  Rivulets of cold sweat streamed down his chest and back; pooling within the pits of his hairy arms.
Birds caroled off in the distance as the sun shone high and bright above the swaying trees.  The breeze assuaged his febrile skin and brought with it a mellifluous mélange of pine and honeydew.
The farmhouse long-gone.
What farmhouse?
He didn’t know.  Couldn’t remember.
The sounds of nature ceased as the gentle winds stilled.  A shadowy figure loomed over him, causing the hairs on his arms and the back of his neck to stand on-end.
Panting, sweating profusely, he cupped a hand over his eyes to shield them from the sunlight.  No need.  A man garbed in garish white-clothes and wide-brimmed hat stood before him; blocking the sun as if some towering behemoth.
The man’s bare feet appeared smattered in tar.  Impossibly clean hands folded as if in prayer as his long fingernails raked together.  His facial features ensconced in shadow.  He wore a black satin shirt with a golden chain looped into the pocket of his vest coat.
“Hello there, Troll,” drawled the stranger clad in white.
“What did ye call me?”  Why was he talking like that?  He didn’t know.  Couldn’t remember.  He only knew it wrong.
“I called you, Troll,” replied the stranger, “That’s your name.  Don’t you remember?”
Did he?  He couldn’t shake the ominous feeling that it not his name, though somehow, it was.
“What do ye want of me?”
“Only your help.  Nothing more.”  The figure bent toward him; his face shadowed evermore.  “Considering I just released you from bondage, I should think such gratitude requires reciprocation.”
Bondage?  What bondage?
As if reading his thoughts, the stranger replied, “you were trapped in stone.  Don’t you remember.  No, of course you don’t.”
Huffing, spittle flying from his lips, he asked, “And who is it that imprisoned me in stone?”
Chuckling, the stranger said, “Why, you, of course.  Don’t you know, trolls turn to stone when the sun rises.”
Glancing at the heavenly blue sky, he replied, “But the sun is out now.  How is it I not still encapsulated?”
“Because, my friend, you are under my protection.”
“Be we friends?”
“Indeed, we are.  I’m sure you don’t remember.  Call it a side-effect of being cast in stone for a couple hundred years.”
A couple hundred what?
“No worries,” continued the stranger, “You’re safe now.  Up you get.”  The stranger held a clawed hand out to him.
He didn’t accept it.  Something felt off.  Something seemed…wrong.
The stranger smirked.
He couldn’t see it.  Yet, somehow, he sensed it.
“I’ve been searching for you for some time.  And here you are.  I have freed you.  I should think some thanks would be in order.  And I really think you oughta do it on your knees.”  The stranger leaned back; standing erect.  “Well, look at that.  You are on your knees.  How fortuitous.”
A true friend would never ask for such.  Who was this stranger in white?
Was he really imprisoned in stone for hundreds of years?  No.  Of course, not.  That simply wasn’t possible.
The morning’s dew seeping into his palms and knees, he said, “I shall only ask thee once more, stranger?”
Why the hell was he talking like that?
“What does’t though want with me?”
The stranger rubbed his impossibly clean hands together, and replied, “Only a partnership.  Whether you know it or not, we have a mutual friend.  I’d like you to find him for us.”
“Even if I knew what ye’r talking about, how would I accomplish such a task.”
“Because I’m going to help you.”
“Aye, say true?”
“Indeed, I do.”
He arose and dusted the dirt and grass from his tattered garbs.  “Okay, I’m listening.”  But he did not trust the stranger.  Not at all.  “How is it that ye intend to assist me?”
“Look behind you.”
He did.  There, on the ground lay a cloak fashioned from the thickest of brown furs.
Scoffing, he replied, “And what, pre-tell, am I to do with that?”
Chuckling, the stranger drawled, “It’s a gift.  Wear it.  It’s magical.  Within it you’ll find a staff and journal.”
“Tell me stranger, and do speak plainly, how am I to find this, as ye put it, mutual friend?”
“Not with those,” scoffed the stranger, “With this.”  He reached his clawed hands into the depths of his vestments and retrieved the item looped upon a golden chain.  T’was a medallion with a dove encircled by a wreath of flame.
He stood there in hesitance.  Unsure of how to proceed.
“Go ahead, Troll, take it.”
“No,” he replied, “I don’t believe I shall.”
Sighing in vexation, the stranger continued, “Listen, my gigantic friend, there are dark forces gathering.”
A more solemn truth never was there uttered.
“Together, we can defeat it.  But first, you must find our friend.  He must stand beside us as he once did.”
“And just where be this friend of ours?”
“I don’t know.  That’s why I need your help.  You found him once before.  All I ask is that you do it again.”
“And should I choose to help thee, how would I start?  Where would I go?”
The stranger pointed a clawed index finger off into the distance.
Against great hesitance, he slowly turned around and peered off into the thick forestry.  The only thing violating the lush trees and long blades of tall-grass was a dirt-trodden path carved into the heart of nature.
With a whirlwind of questions and doubts besieging his muddied thoughts, he glanced back.  But the stranger gone.  The only thing remaining was the golden medallion glinting in the grass.
Should he help the stranger?  He didn’t know.  But, what else would he do?  With no idea of where or who he was his options seemed limited.  Plus, the stranger proclaimed them friends.  Perhaps, if he aided the peculiar figure clad in garish white clothes, the stranger might offer some insight to his past.  No, that was stupid.  He knew who he was.  Didn’t he?
He closed his eyes and searched the depths of his memories for some inkling as to his past.
A sharp stabbing pain pierced him from behind his eyes.
“Ah!”  He pressed a clammy palm to his forehead as blood trickled from his nose.
No matter.  Perhaps, in due time, he’d remember all that he’d forgotten.  Perchance, he’d recall his past, his purpose.
Holding his throbbing head, he gazed down at the golden medallion with a dove encircled by fire.
“Very well,” he uttered behind clenched teeth as the pounding behind his temporals slowly faded.  “What choice have I?”
He fetched the medallion and wore it around his broad neck.
He seemed taller.  Larger.  He had no way of knowing that.  But it felt true.  Truer than the receding pain with his aching head.  He donned the fur cloak and gazed off into the distance and the dirt-trodden path once more.
Now walk.
At the time, he certain it the voice of Almighty God.  But as he ventured on, with each lumbering step, he grew more and more unsure.

****

Wrists stinging, Troll blotted the lacrimation from his cheeks, and said, “So, this king and his Hellions, that was all a rouse.”
“No.  The king was merely the vessel I inhabited before being trapped in corporal form.  The Hellions I created later.”
“So, there really be a king?”
“Of course,” chuckled Joshua.  “He’s the one who imprisoned me in this fleshy cage.”
“And where be this king now?”
Soughing, Joshua replied, “The king, my father, now resides in a realm outside of what you would perceive as existence.  Outside of time.”
“Why?”
“Because he is afraid of me.”
“And what thee might do?”
“Yes.  But in order to do that I need to correct a mistake.  A mistake I’m sure you no-doubt understand by now.”
“Ye mean, once the Dog went missing and ye realized ye needed him to enact ye’r machinations.”
“That’s right.”  Joshua applauded, “See, I knew you’d remember.”
“So, ye have brought me here to speak truths.  Then, tell me what I don’t remember or understand.”
“I implanted a chip in the Dog’s head, much like the chips we invented in this realm.  It allowed us to keep track of him and wipe his memory every time he began to recall something I didn’t want him to.”
Troll’s eyelids felt heavy again.  His body tingled without weight.  Against his struggling mass; he went back under.

****

The shadow materialized.
Rabid people with blood-saturated, tattered clothes, and gore drizzling from clenched teeth gorged upon the flesh of the dead and living alike as smoke billowed in the breeze.  The scent of death was clearly prevalent.
Cities grew abysmally silent as fires raged; daring the very Heavens.
Screams.  Moans.  The sound of raw mastication.
The shadow grew dim and floated on the air and phased through a brick wall of a dilapidated apartment building with boarded windows.  It found blood and the tracking device it had so deviously implanted in Jimmy’s head all those years ago.  It solidified into a corporeal figure and placed its talons upon the blood-smeared saw-z-all.  And it saw the past.
“Here,” said Jimmy, proffering the saw-z-all to Laurie, a petite blonde dressed in bloody nurses’ scrubs as the others cowered in the corner.
Trembling, Laurie asked, “What am I supposed to do with that?”
“There’s something in my head.  Something I need you to cut out.”
Laurie glanced back at the other survivors huddled in the corner as the sound of inhuman snarls and the smacking of desiccate lips loomed all around them.
Grayish light beamed from the wooden slats boarding the broken windows as dust particulates swirled amidst the air.
“I..can’t.  I won’t,” she uttered.
“You have to.” Jimmy, the Dog, persisted, “If you don’t, they’ll find us.”
Tears streamed from Laurie’s blue-eyes; carving tracks through her dirt smeared cheeks.  Sniffling, she swept the back of her hand across the snot bubbling from her nose.  She quavered, “Why…why is this happening?”
“It’s because of me,” replied Jimmy.  “This is all my fault.  I need to disappear in order to end…well, in order to end all of this madness.  And I need your help.”
“Why?” she sobbed, “Why me?”
Caressing her cheek with the back of his hand, Jimmy said, “Because you’re stronger than you know.  Much stronger than the rest.  Now, do it.”
“No.  No…I can’t.  I can’t kill someone.”
“You can’t kill me.  I’m not someone.  I’m something.  So just do it.  Cut the top of my skull off and take out the chip.”
“No.  I can’t.  I can’t.  I won’t.”
Fangs barred, Jimmy yelled, “DO IT!  DO IT NOW, BEFORE YOU’RE ALL DEAD!”
Shrieking, Laurie grabbed the saw-z-all and pulled the trigger.  The tool hummed to life.
The others clenched tightly to each other.
“FUCKING DO IT! DO IT NOW BEFORE IT’S TOO LATE!”
Screaming, tears pouring from her beautiful blue-eyes, she took the tool to his head.  The clean sound of the purring tool overtaken by the snapping of bone as blood shot across the room and all over her face.
Henry darted forward and grasped her wrist.  “Stop it!  Just stop it!”
She elbowed him in the gut with a strength she’d never known.  He waffled to the ground; holding his belly and gasping for air.
Laurie resumed sawing at the top of Jimmy’s cranium as his eyes rolled into the back of his head.  She thought he’d scream.  But he didn’t.  He merely slumped listlessly to the floor.
When it over, the others blubbered and sobbed.  She glanced back.  Henry lay on the ground, holding his dingy belly and glaring at her.
Joseph, a 12-year-old boy erupted from his mother’s arms and scurried into the corner where he vomited until there nothing left to regurgitate.
Laurie glimpsed back to the corpse she’d just mutilated.
Jimmy’s exposed brains bubbled and foamed as the tissue reformed.
Yet, there, within Jimmy’s decimated cranial organ, something blinked.  Something small and elongated, like an electronic pill.
With thumb and forefinger, she reached inside and here fingers squelched upon the exposed tissue.  For the utmost of brevity, she certain she too would puke, but she steadied her nerves.
She pulled the device from Jimmy’s brains and held it inches from her face; examining the object as blackish blood trickled down her slender arms.
She uttered, “What the fuck…?”
Snarls and growls grew louder as the crashing of doors and shattering windows emanated from below.
Tim frantically called, “They’re here.  Oh, God, they found us.  They’re here!”
The severed contents of Jimmy’s brains reformed as did his skull.
Peering at the abnormality, Laurie whispered, “What the hell?”
The top of Jimmy’s head miraculously healed as his multi-colored hair regrew.  He awoke in a start and gasping on air, as if he just born.  Growling, his eyes burned a golden hue before he attacked and slaughtered them all.
As Jimmy ripped out her throat and sunk his fangs into Laurie’s jugular, the last thought she had before all went black was, ‘This is it.  We’re all dead.’

****

A queer, jagged smile spread across the shadow’s eidolon face like locusts over Egypt.
The insolence!  The bastard!  That fucking mutt!  Where did he go?
The phantom gazed down at the pill-like device still flickering upon the blood-saturated plank-fissured flooring.
Now there no way to track the mongrel, and the Dog could walk into any realm it haplessly stumbled upon.
He was gone.
The ancient eidolon surveyed the tranquility of the forest’s placid waters surmounting Boston, and smiled.
He loathed it.  But how could he not smile?  One day the Dog would return to him, oh yes, one day, they would all come back to him.
But the shadow would require assistance in recapturing the Dog.  It would need to ensnare demons into physical vessels much like itself had once been trapped.  It would bring together brothers and sisters to do its bidding.  It would require Hellions.
The shadow glanced upon the carnage and destruction of this world.  Some sort of rabies-like epidemic ran rampant; turning people into flesh-eating monstrosities.  Perhaps, the shadow could use that toward its advantage.  Perchance, the shadow could bring the people back that once found Jimmy, in order to deliver that cursed beast back into its clutches.  Mayhap, all would still would be well and evil.
So, the shadow returned to the darkness that existed outside of time and created the Hellions.  It put a vampiric elemental into a beautiful woman to become his right hand.  A woman with porcelain skin and crimson lips that could seduce any man or woman into her bidding.
It created a Minotaur like-creature to develop a plague that would not only bring about the end of days on one world, but all worlds.
It compiled not one or two, but a legion of demons to infest a host to antagonize Troll, the only person that could possibly thwart its plans.
It embodied a spider into the soul of a great warrior to torment Star; the only soul that could keep Troll on the path of righteousness.
With Troll and Star otherwise occupied, they would eventually run into the Dog; much as Dave and Maria met Jimmy.
This would be the Wraith’s endgame.  This would be not just the doom of one world, but of all of them.  And the Wraith would stand by and cackle as it all came crashing down.

****

Joshua grinned in the gloom.
God help him, Troll could see it.  More to the point; he could feel that miasmic evil, like chiggers burrowing just beneath his hairy skin.
“Now, Troll, son of David, paper-preacher, do you understand.”
Heart beating arrhythmically, Troll said, “Aye, I believe I do.”
“Then, you know who I am.”
“Aye.”
“Then say it.”
“I…I don’t want to.”  And it was true.  Troll had no wish to egg-on this demon’s narcissism.
As if reading his thoughts, Joshua yelled, “Say it!  Who am I?”
Troll wiped the clammy sweat beading upon his brow.  He gazed at Joshua.  But all he saw were two penetrating, crimson eyes.
“Say it!”
Troll’s heart beat so wildly within his chest he thought it would explode, he inhaled and exhaled slowly; collecting his nerve.
“That’s right,” coaxed Joshua, “You know who I an.”
“Aye, regrettably so.”
“Then say it.”
Troll clutched his breast.  It seemed to calm the pounding war-drums a bit.  He gazed at Joshua’s glimmering red-eyes, and said, “Ye’r the Darkling.  The Wraith.  The stranger in white.  The Sweetie Man.  Prince Madgellaine.”
Joshua leaned back in his chair and interlaced his fingers.  His mangled teeth stretched to an impossibly wide smile.  “So, say it.  Say my name.”
Gulping, Troll said, “Ye’r…”
“That’s right, say it.”
“Ye’r the Devil.”
Joshua leaned forward.  Only his forehead and cheek bones materialized from the gloom.  His jagged, bat-like teeth grew to an impossible magnitude.  His eyes became coal-black hollows.  Smiling through razor-sharp fangs, he said, “You’re God damned right.”


9

Shoving the Dog away, Star snarled, “What the hell, Dog!  I told you not to do that!”  She sat up and her hair made an audible tacky nose, like nettles stuck to one’s pantaloons when they were being pulled off.
The Dog replied, “I had to, look.”
She turned around.  Her golden curls had been immersed in a pool of congealing blood from where the back of her skull cracked open.
The Dog didn’t see it.  He didn’t need to, after all, he’d already experienced it first-hand.  But even from a mile away, he sensed it as if the events unfolding played out right before his golden eyes.
The Dog, the old Dog crouched before Star with his slit palm that moments ago, had been pouring his sanguineous fluids into her gaping, breathless mouth.
After the invasive, blue light radiated to an intensity that felt as though it would shatter his bones, the sensation of weightlessness overcame him, as if falling.  He focused on the first time (that he could recall) he’d experienced such a feeling.  When the light dissipated and his weight returned, the Dog glanced around.  The stench of smog and filth now replaced with a sweet, chilly breeze.  Buildings of concrete and steel morphed into tall standing trees of birch, sequoia, and pine.  The blaring honks of traffic melted into the soft chittering of birds.
He was back.
He sensed heartbeats descending from above.  Both were calm, not the wild pounding one would expect when jumping off a mountain.  The sound of rocks and ice trickling down.  The Dog glanced up into the early morning’s mist and closed his eyes; funneling his senses.
Star and his younger self crashed into the twisted branches above; toppling over and over until they smashed into the dirt like a meteorite descending from the Heavens.
The Dog sat there on his haunches peering at the former version of himself clutching to Star as blood seeped from the back of her cranium and poured relentlessly unto the cragged rocks they’d crashed upon.
Whinnying, whimpering, the whipping of elongated prehensile tongues emanated from miles above.  The bargs.
The Dog slid the strap of the sniper rifle from his shoulder and cocked it.  That was stupid.  Bullets had no effect on the bargs.  The only thing that would stop them was the silver sabre his younger self still possessed.  He wanted to severe the bargs’ heads but if he deprived his old self off the weapon, then he would change the past in unprecedented ways.  And he couldn’t do that.  He was only here to change one thing.
The Dog left the clearing just as his former self’s heart began to beat; slowly at first.  But he would revive momentarily.  He could ill afford to be sensed by his other self.  The Dog bounded off through the haze and found a small cavern in the base of the couloir.  There, he sat upon the frost covered moss and reached out with his sense once more.
“Calm down,” his younger self said to Star.
A fiery rage burgeoned within her chest.  Her nostrils flared.  The veins in her temporals pounded like the King’s war drums.
“Excuse me?”
“Your eyes are glowing.  My blood’s stirring you up.  Take a few deep breaths and steady yourself.”
The Dog of now sensed a calming rush over her as she sat there cross-legged on stones and meditated until the coursing fire within her slowed to a steady gait.
“Better?” he asked.
“Much,” she replied.  His old self helped her to her feet.  She combed her fingers through blood-caked gnarls of hair.
He sensed the disgust curdling her innards at her own deterioration.
Examining the gore plastering her hand, she uttered, “Shit.”
Angry howls and bays echoed from above.
He knew Star and himself sensed the bargs pacing anxiously among the cliff’s edge.   They wouldn’t jump.  They weren’t as desperate as she and his former self were.  But the bargs would find another way down.  And they had.
Star offered her hand, and the old Dog took it.  “Come on,” she said as he helped her to her feet.”
They hadn’t sensed him.  So far, so good.  The Dog peered around the small interstice carved into the mountainside and cerebrated on his tenure within the deep, deep dark.  Something down there inhibited his ability to sense for miles.  Perhaps if the incalculable tons of stone and bedrock could dampen his sense back then, they could camouflage him now.  Great.  The only problem with that is that he couldn’t take the mountain with him.
He poked his head out of the cavern’s opening and sniffed vehemently at the dew saturated mountain air.
He was glad to be back.  But more than that.  A sense of trepidation tickled his nerve endings like he’d never (or merely couldn’t remember) experienced.  Now he remained alone.  More isolated than he’d been in a long time.  He did not fear the bargs, or Furion, or the army for that matter.  More than anything, he was scared of himself, his former self.  He knew the depths he was prepared to go to protect Star.  And if his former self sensed him, what would he think?  Would he even recognize him?  Or think it some sort of glamor perpetrated by the King’s legions in order to trick him?  His older self possessed the silver sabre.  And such a weapon could not only hurt him, it could (and once did), kill him.
Still crouched on his haunches, the Dog closed his eyes and reached out with his senses once more.
In order for this plan to work, he’d need to let the bargs get ahead of him.  Then, he had to stay between the bargs and the King’s army.  He must stay out of sight until the time was right.  But the hell of it was, he still had no idea how he was going to do that.
In about a day, Star would fall into the Mortis-mud and tell his younger self to leave; which he of course did.  But eventually, he came back to help her even though she’d already saved herself by tapping into Furion and cajoling the Lord of Black by thanking him for enriching her life with love.
He needed to stay out of sight and of range of the younger version of him until the time came where she was alone before the bargs approached her, but also, before he came back.  His timing must be flawless.
But, what would he say to convince her of the travesty about to befall them all?  He didn’t know.  If only Troll were there.  He’d know what to do.  More to the point, what if he approached Star at a time where she hadn’t gone completely blind and saw that he was not the Dog she’d been traveling with?  What would he do then?  What would he say?
“Hey Star, I’m from the future, and I’m here to tell you to protect yourself before everyone you know and loves dies, including yourself.”
Dog shook his head.
That even sounded moronic.
His cerebrations were cut short by the snapping, snarling, and the whipping of prehensile tongues.  The clattering of fallen stones.  The bargs began their arduous climb down from the mountain.  They were still miles off, but they were coming.
That was good.
Once again, the Dog wished he some armament within his arsenal to kill the beasts.  But even if he did, he couldn’t do that.
Hours passed as the bargs clambered down the sheer cliffs.  He sensed their tenacious approach.  But he needed to stay where he was.  As much as would love to pop out of the cavern he resided in and attack, he needed to let the bargs get ahead of him.
The wind picked up as the sun fell and a full moon appeared large and unblemished in the starry purplish-dark-blue sky.
The pattering of large paws softly reverberated within the Dog’s head.  They were here.
The bargs crept out of the shadows.  Their “fur” consisted of mist, while’st their undercarriage manifested the consistency of mossy stone.  The bargs lurched toward the spot where Star and his younger self landed upon the jagged rocks.
Weeping a long, slobbering tongue, one of the beasts lapped at the pool of dried blood spattered upon the ground.
It’s her.
Find her, growled another.
They are not far.
The Dog still hid in the cavern nearly a mile away from where Star and his earlier self crash-landed, yet he sensed all with perfect clarity; unadulterated sight.
Three more bargs emerged from the gloom.  They sniffed and panted, salivating black sludge.  They growled as their collective bellies rumbled in anticipation of the hunt to come.  One snapped at the other.  Two of the bargs attacked each other; gnashing and barking.
Skree-scrack-a-lee
Scree-skrack-a-lick
Stop it, you fools!
That was no barg.  That voice was Furion’s.
Clamping its jaws, a barg spoke to the master, “Her blood is tainted by another.”
Scrree-thrack
I know.
She does not taste the same.  She is no longer…sweet.
Sclirickty-thack-thack-tak
That matters not.  Find her.  Keep her--.  Wait, there is another.  One that should not be here.
Snarling, fangs exposed, the bargs whirled toward the direction the Dog lingered.
He immediately disconnected from his senses and sat in the darkness as the wind blew ominously.
Had they sensed him?  That was dumb, of course they did.  But did they know it was him?  Would they come after him?  The Dog dared not reach out again to seek the answer to that question.  He merely stayed there, back pressed against cold stone as he clutched the sniper rifle to his chest.  He stayed there for many an hour; until the darkness faded and the light incipiently peaked from atop the mountains and the fog cleared.  No bargs came for him.
Wearily, he crawled out of the cave and unto frosty blades of grass that crinkled as he ambled across them.  He reached out once more.  The bargs were a couple of miles ahead, hot on the trail of Star and his former self.
Up ahead, and miles off, the black brigades marched down the mountainside.
Time to move.

****

“I love you, Jimmy.”
“I don’t even know what I am!”  Rales of pain like a bitter winter’s wind tore through his soul.
Beth just rubbed his thigh, smiled tenderly at him, and asked, “What do you think you are?”
I don’t know,” and it was true.  He didn’t know what he was.  “Some kinda…monster.”
He thought she would snort in whimsy as she usually did.  Instead, she gazed into his eyes, and in her thick southern accent, said, “Listen to me, Jimmy, and you listen good, you’re weird as hell, I’ll give you that.  The dogs follow you around like you’re their master.  You spook the horses.  And you’re the clumsiest man I ever met.  But you’re not a monster.”
She took his hand and gestured for him to sit down next her on the bed.  She pressed his palm gently across her belly, her other hand rested around the bundle of joy blossoming within.
“Look, I don’t care what TJ or anyone else says, you’re a good man.  Uncle Jim knows it, that’s why he ain’t shot you yet.”  Blushing, she swept back her wavy dirty-blonde hair with the soft blades of her lithe fingers, smiled, and said, “And what’s more, you…you light up my life in a way I never thought possible.  After my folks died, it changed me, it…I wasn’t sure if I could every truly open myself up to anyone again.  But…but that doesn’t matter anymore.  Not the people we lost.  Not the terrible things we’ve been through.  The people we once were.  Nothing but this,” she compressed his hand against her stomach more firmly, yet still gently.
As if guided, the Dog pressed a semi-feral claw against his own stomach.  The sun warmed his skin just like Beth’s touch.  Bird’s caroled like her sweet, soft, southern voice.
“We’re your family now.  And no matter what, we’ll always be here for you.”
Bees buzzed their harmonious songs.  The smell of apple-blossoms faded.
“What the hell are doing?” she asked.
Jimmy sat on the ground with back rested upon a wooden post amidst the pasture.  He smoked a cigarette in a vain attempt at quelling the momentous noises clattering around his head.
Beth rode her favorite horse, named Kashmire.  The horse trotted up as she bounded seductively in the saddle.  Her hair tied back in a ponytail and tucked underneath her cowboy hat.
“Relaxing,” he said.  But that wasn’t true.  He was attempting to escape; except he had no idea how to effectively do that.
“You can’t smoke around the horses.”
“Sorry,” he said, but he wasn’t.
A falcon cawed.  His eyes opened a slit, and he immediately recoiled from the sudden flood of light penetrating his retinas.
“Jimmy, watch out,” whispered Beth’s uncle Jim.  A wild gaze filled his hazel-eyes as his wrinkled and leathery face creased in trembling collops.
“What?  What is it?”
Jimmy turned around.  Three timber wolves with barred fangs and slobbering maws growled at him.  What the fuck were timber wolves doing way the hell down here?  He growled back.  His vision started to take on a golden hue, but he held it at bay.  He was getting better at holding back.
The wolves were supposed to whine and scamper off.  At least, that’s the way it happened originally.
“Watch yourself, Jimmy,” uttered uncle Jim.
This time, the wolves growled, and snapped their jaws audibly.
Wait.  That’s not what happened.
The growling persisted; growing more prominent.
The Dog awoke and shielded his eyes from the sun.  He lay outstretched on the branch of a pine tree.  The reveries of Beth and Uncle Jim quickly dissolved like rolling mist.  The tree rustled and many red eyes opened and glared at him.  Long, slobbering yellowish teeth materialized from the foliaceous canopy as a barg slouched forward unto the swaying branch, licking its snout.
The Dog meant to roll unto to his back and leap away, but nearly tumbled off the branch.  He grasped hold of the wooden appendage but his sweaty grip slackened.  His armor, sword, sniper rifle, and belt hung on a branch on the other side of the barg.  The only armament he currently possessed was the gauntlet around the wrist that presently clutched to the branch as he swayed in the air.
The barg slouched forward and peered down at him, as if laughing.
The Dog’s legs kicked wildly in the air.  He glanced down.  A hundred-foot drop, at least.  Not enough to kill him, but more than plenty to give him a bad day.
The barg crept further out onto the branch.  Its fur appeared as foliage.  Its under carriage the consistency of tree bark.  The branch creaked and bowed beneath its heft.  The barg opened its mighty maw as spittle and the stench of rot splattered the Dog’s face.  The barg’s long, prehensile tongue slithered down like a snake and wrapped around the Dog’s forearm.  The Dog was yanked violently upward.  The barg sank its teeth in.  The Dog’s arm was protected by the leather and metal gauntlet riding his arm.  Though, the severe pressure of the bite snapped both his radius and ulna like a twig.
The Dog roared in agony as birds took flight from the trees in terror.
The barg sank mighty claws into the tree’s bark, sending splinters spiraling downward as it inched itself upward.
The Dog flipped upside down and wrapped his legs around the branch which bowed and creaked ever more.  The barg crept closer.  Feeling blindly, he reached for the trigger on the gauntlet that the barg held a tight grip on.
I see you.
The Dog slithered his fingers around the pin and pulled it.  Three serrated blades popped forward and thrust through the barg’s head.  The beast howled as it lost its footing against the tree.
The barg swung free.  But its tongue still wrapped around the Dog’s gauntlet.  With his legs wrapped around the branch, the Dog hung upside down as the barg swayed back and forth in the otherwise gentle breeze.  Dog’s thighs burned as the muscles in his abdomen tore with the added weight.  The barg’s legs kicked and scampered; striving to find purchase against the bark, but found none.  The Dog attempted to pull himself up, but slipped again.
From out of the barg’s mouth, Beth’s words emanated.
You are not a monster.
“Yes,” snarled the Dog, “I am.”
He grasped the barg’s tongue (still wrapped around his gauntlet) and went completely feral; letting loose the beast within him.  He tore the barg’s tongue with a sickening sound.  The barg plummeted through branches and to the ground below.
Dangling from the branch, the Dog growled, “I am a monster.  And damn proud of it.”
Far below, the barg yapped and scattered away.
The Dog hoisted himself up as the branch snapped and finally fell.  He bounded toward the precipice of the conifer and held tightly as the tree rocked and swayed.  He stayed there a few moments, waiting for the barg to attack again.  But that didn’t happen.  He collected his gear and pounced to the peak of the next tree.  He sat there and closed his eyes; funneling his senses.  Nothing.  No bargs.  He reached out further and heard Star.
“Well, how do you suggest we cross it?”
“Is there a better place to cross?” asked his former self.
They stood at the eastern bank of the Sac Krin River.
Almost there.  He just needed to hold on for a little longer.
“We could,” replied Star from miles off, “but that would take time.  Plus, I ain’t been back this way in years.  Who knows what might have happened to the landscape since then.”
“Then we cross here,” said his older self.
A gurgling sound emanated as the barg clambered up the tree he roosted in.
Give me back my tongue, you insolent sow!
The Dog glanced at the long, black tongue still wrapped gird upon his gauntlet.  He untethered it and dangled it about.
“Want this?” he growled, lowering to his haunches.
Give it back!  The master commands you!
The Dog opened his mouth to speak.  But his words did not spew forth, instead, they were that of Troll’s.  “I only have one master, and it is not thee.”
The barg snarled and pounced.
The Dog caught the beast by the throat with one hand, pulled the sword riding in his scabbard, and severed the beast’s head.  The monstrosity tumbled through the twisted branches as it fell.
He knew it wasn’t dead.
That didn’t matter, though.  He still had a job to do.  And come Hell or high, he was going to do it.
“Jimmy, wait,” called Beth.  “Where you goin’?”
Cold rain cascaded from the night’s sky in rales as thick and frigid as ice-water.
Jimmy opened the driver side door of Uncle Jim’s ’88 white, rusted-out Dodge Ram as the portal creaked and bowed audibly over the driving deluge.
“I shouldn’t be here,” he replied.  “I need to go.”
“Wh…why?”  She clutched her shuddering shoulders.  She wore her boots, blue jeans that accentuated her hour-glass curves and a flannel shirt.  Completely bedraggled, she trembled, he almond-shaped eyes open in slender slits protected by the soaked hair plastered to her tawny face.
Even now, her apple-blossom scent radiated above the aroma of summer rain that resembled, well…wet-dog.
“Because I have to.  I don’t belong here.”
“W…well, that’s f..f..fine, but I need to t..tell you somethin’ first.”  Her teeth chattered so loudly it a wonder they didn’t fracture within her jaw bones.
Jimmy slammed the truck’s door shut.  That bowing, creaking noise emanated louder as the portal thudded to a halt.  “Alright, what is it?”
“I…I…”
“Just say it, Beth.  ‘Cause I don’t have time for this shit.”
Internally, he recoiled at the venom behind his words.  But he wouldn’t express it physically.  He couldn’t.
“I’m in love with you, Jimmy.”
He just stood there a moment.  Completely dumbfounded.  She loved him?  How could anyone love him?  He didn’t even love himself?
Blinking in disbelief, his head jerked.  “What?  What did you say?”
“You heard me J…Jimmy.  Ya heard my p…plain as day.  I love you.  I’m in love with you.  And don’t t…tell me you don’t feel the same.”
He didn’t.  He couldn’t.
She continued, “So, please, don’t leave.”
And he never did.
The phantasmagoria faded from his mindscape, returning him to the here and now.  The sun shone brightly.  Birds chirped and cawed all around him.  A gently breeze arose, carrying with it the piquant allure of honey-dew and apple-blossom.
The Dog stood tall atop the swaying trees as clouds lethargically grazed across the blue sky.  “Okay,” he snorted.  “I am not a monster.  I am the beast in the form of a man.  And my friends need me.”

****

Furion screamed as it held its severed appendage.
“Something, the matter, brother?”  The Wraith materialized within the invisible gossamer tent as Furion clutched the wrist where its hand had been chopped off from the Dog.  Of course, then it wasn’t a hand, it was the tongue from one of its bargs.
Scree-Shack-Kaw-tou?
Why is he here?
“I keep telling you, brother, all is going splendidly as planned.”
Scrack-tarth-can-ta!
He hurt me!  He disfigured one of my minions!
“Yes,” Chuckled the Wraith, “Well, I told you he was not to be trifled with.”
Can-tak-thee-taw!
I want him!  I want his head!
Rubbing its elongated talons, the Wraith said, “I believe you well know, there are other plans for him.  Plus, per your own admission, Star is the one you want, and soon you shall have her.  And soon the King will have the one he wants.”
Decarbre mon stook!
Decarbre has garth!
He insults me!
He challenges me!
The Wraith chuckled, “Yes, well, I believe that is the point.  If they did not challenge us, this would be all too easy, wouldn’t it, dear brother?”
The Wraith gazed at Furion’s severed hand and giggled.  How could he not?
“Here,” he said, “I believe this will help.”  The Wraith pulled splintered shards of glass from its cloak.  Those shards were once part of Furion’s mirror.  The Wraith crushed the splinters in its talons with a crunching sound.  Black, sludge trickled from its elongated grasp as it oozed upon the reflective pieces.  The amalgamation soon fizzled and bubbled.  The Wraith pressed it into the stump that was once Furion’s left hand.
Furion hissed and roared.
“Do you see, brother?”  The Wraith’s shadowy hood dissipated.  All that remained was a face that resembled that of the Dog’s, but wasn’t.  “Do you see?”
Dom-thar-crack!
“Yes, brother.  They are doomed.  Doomed, indeed.”  Joshua King erupted in an insane bout of cackling.  “They are all doomed.  All that is left, is to let them figure it out.”  His laughter intensified to a manic magnitude.
Furion followed suit.

****

Star said, “You know that river we nearly drowned in.  It’s not the first time I almost drowned in it.”
She and the Dog sloshed through mud and underbrush as rays of golden sunlight penetrated through the empty spaces in the thick forestry surmounting them.  They neared Krin as Star regaled his former self with a tale of a botched fishing trip with her brother and father.  She continued, “Well, I can’t quite remember how old I was.  Real young.  Like five, or six.  Possibly seven.  Like I said, I just can’t recall.”
The Dog of now leapt from the tops of trees; pursuing them as discreetly as he could.  He now trailed them at a distance of approximately a quarter-mile away.  He remained hesitant following this closely, but the time was approaching when Star’s footing would falter and she ensconced in the Mortis-mud.  That was the only time when his previous self left her.  And It remained the only chance he had at getting her alone long enough to warn her of the impending danger.
After his treetop battle with a barg and the breaking of his arm (at which point, the Dog roared out in anguish), he worried his younger self would become alerted to his presence.  Luckily, at that time, he and Star battled the raging current of the Sac Krin River, and then a barg.  Just to be safe, the Dog held back and let them get about ten miles ahead.  He’d taken that time to hunt down a doe.  He pounced from the shrubs and sank his fangs into the deer; draining it completely of blood.  Then, he reset his broken arm, which of course, after taking a blood-meal, healed within moments, although agonizingly brutal splinters of pain raced up and down the appendage before the throbbing eventually abated.
Shifting slightly feral, his vision took on a golden hue, but he held back from completely turning into the beast.  Suckling the blood from his claws, he perched on his haunches and reached out with his senses.
The bargs circled Star and his former self at a wide breadth.  The army marched down the mountain and entered into the forest.
He needed to make up the distance.  He stuffed his boots in his knapsack and climbed a tall standing oak.  With great patience and diligence, he bounded from one tree to another, covering distances in seconds that took Star and the other him to trek minutes on the ground.
Pouncing from branch to branch, his thoughts turned to Silverdale, where he frolicked freely amidst the forest before befriending Anne.  Oh, how she hesitant to even gaze upon him until she found him rolling in the tall-grass beyond Tooker’s barn.
“Oh, ye’r just a puppy,” she’d said.
Of course, he’d barked in retort that he was certainly no puppy.
He leapt again.  His claws found purchase in the gnarled bark of a redwood.  He scampered upward, crawled out on a branch and reached out.
Star marched on as she continued her story.  “The funny part is Mikhail had already climbed back on solid ground.  Ever since then, I’ve always been afraid of drowning.”
Nothing.  As far as he knew he still remained invisible to those he followed.
“Like to dance, puppy?  Maddy likes to dance too, see.”  Anne waggled the rag doll in front of him as her freckled cheeks puffed out in bliss.
The Dog leapt again.
That damn doll.  Was it even really a doll, at all?
From far off, the old Dog scanned the haze. And said, “I’m also afraid of drowning.”
“Really?” snorted Star, “You?  You’re afraid of drowning.”
“And open water.”
Almost time.  She was nearly there.
Reveries of the mines invaded his mindscape.
Dog is dead!  Dog is dead!  Sold his soul!
Maddy glared at him with those black-button eyes and crimson-stitched smile.
Growling, the Dog jumped again.
Byron, cackling like a loon and drooling black sludge.
His memories betrayed him.  And when he landed upon an outstretched branch, it snapped like his forearm had the previous day.  From this high up, the sound reverberated across the trees.  The branch fell as he clung precariously to the gnarled bark of the tree.  Birds squawked and flew away in fright as the branch crashed through the bramble below.  Clutching onto the pine’s base he reached out again.
Brushing back her thinning locks, Star said, “Anyway, what I’m trying to say is--”
The old Dog whirled around, teeth barred, as a guttural growl emanated from his guts.  “Watch out!”
Star stepped in the pool of Mortis-mud.  He grasped her wrist and pulled her away.
Her foot sank into the murky depths, but that was all.
“Holy, shit!” she gasped.  “I almost went in.”  Panting she smacked her forehead, and said, “Mortis-mud.  I forgot about that.”
Elongated ears twitching, his head canted slightly to the side, he gazed at her with twinkling golden-eyes, and asked, “Are you okay?”
“Yeah,” she replied.  “Lost me boot, is all.  What happened?”
The old Dog sniffed at the air, and replied, “Thought I heard something.”
Star smiled wanly, and said, “Well, you just saved my ass…again.  If I had gone in, I don’t think I would have made it back out.”
The Dog of now clung tighter to the tree.  No-doubt the younger him was reaching out with his senses in search of enemies.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“Bargs,” he replied.
“Well, then we need to get a move on.  Krin’s not too far away now.”  She scratched at her scalp, and added, “Can’t believe I lost my fucking boot.”
“Could’ve been worse.”
“You have no idea how right you are.  Come on, we got ground to cover.  Just watch out for the Mortis-mud.  It’s everywhere around these parts.”
Clinging to the tree, a sense of dread dived into the pit of his stomach.  He had one job to do.  That was it.  Just one simple job.  Just let her fall into the mud, and when his former self went for help, approach her, pretend to be the old Dog, and warn her.  Was that really so difficult?  But she didn’t fall into the Mortis-mud.  Now what was he supposed to do?  His memories distracted him and his footing faltered.
Only one word came to mind:  Fuck
He reached out once more.
Star carefully led his younger self around the siphoning pools.  Meaning, she hadn’t gone blind.  He never left her side, so his older self never discovered that the silver sabre easily dismembered the bargs.  He might have called for help after the debacle at the Sac Krin River, but if she never immured in that retched pit, they didn’t meet fuzzy bear.  Which, in turn, meant, the animals would not come to their aid during the battle of Krin.
What else had he changed?

****

“Stop!”  Star said before bending over and retching bile.
She was getting sick again.
Dog, the old Dog, stared at her with golden eyes.  His elongated ears twitched at minuscule sounds her hearing could not perceive.
“I can’t go on.”
“Thought you said we were almost there.”
“We are,” she snarled.  Vomitous spittle streamed down her blighted chin.  “But I need to rest.  I just need to rest.”
Night.  The harmonious chirpings of crickets echoed as the sweet oceanic breezes moved through the trees like some sort of phantom.
She nearly collapsed on her back as she panted.  Sweat streamed from every pore in tiny, multifaceted rivulets.
“Here,” he said, offering her his canteen.  “Drink.”
She swatted it away, and snarled, “Cut that shit out.  I ain’t gonna, and you know damn well why.”
“Do you want me to start I fire?”
“I don’t care.  Just leave me alone for a bit.”
The Dog merely sat there on his haunches.
“Don’t look at me like that.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“I don’t know.  Go hunting, I guess.  I’m getting hungry.”  But she wasn’t.  The gurgling within her stomach was not from hunger, but nausea.  And she knew he sensed it.
“Here.”  He wrapped his cloak around her like a blanket.  It ceased the shivering in her bones, but not the perspiration pouring out of her.
She gasped, “Dog, listen to me.  If something should happen.  You need to carry on.  You need to get to Krin and back to Troll.”
“You know I won’t leave you.”
Cough.  Cough.  Hack.  Wheeze.  “You might not have much of a choice in that regard.”
“Then, I’ll carry you if that’s what it takes.”
“I know you will, my friend.”  She stroked his bearded face; wishing it Troll’s.  “Go hunting.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m not dying yet.  Believe me.”  But she knew that he didn’t.
He gazed at her a long, terse moment with those golden, glinting eyes.
“Go on, now.  Just leave me for a bit.”
He didn’t say anything.  He didn’t need to.  Nothing remained to be said.  He bounded away and disappeared into the forest.
She reclined back on the soft, mossy earth but found no assuagement.  Every fiber in her being ached.  Her stomach churned and her head pounded with an intensity of an unrelenting migraine.  She gasped as steam expelled from her weakening lungs.
She closed her eyes, and even that sent needles of pain into her head.
Troll.  I miss you.  Where are you?
Then darkness took her.
A cemetery.  Skies that donned a crimson hue as thunder rolled ominously in the distance.
You’ll come back to me!  One day, they always come back to me!
Bashing in her mother’s face as vile, invisible tendrils infected her mind.
Shale teaching her how to shoot.
“Okay, widen your stance.  Pull back.  Take a deep breath.  And visualize yourself hitting the target.”
She had.  But every time she did so, it was Furion’s face she saw.
The dance within the Sultan’s ballroom.  The love she and Troll made after.  He’d stroked her chin, and declared, “I love thee, Myriam.”
The lash marks of the King upon her back that she showed him in the desert.  The touch of his calloused fingers upon her skin.
Her riding Shale in his room.  The night she met him.  Something worked its way into her pants.  Like clawed hands.  His hands.
“What the fuck!”  She snapped awake.  Shooter intuitively gripped within her grasp as the shackle adorning her wrist clattered softly in the still night’s air.
The barrel of her pistol aimed directly between two golden, glimmering eyes.  “You okay?” asked the Dog.
“Yeah,” she panted, chest heaving.  “What are you doing?”
“Just checking on you.”
Easing off the trigger, she fell back and laughed.  Cough.  Cough.  Hack.  Cough.  Wheeze.
She asked, “Did you go hunting?”
“I did.”
She sat up.  Though her bones screamed in anguish from the strain; clothes bedraggled by sweat.  The Dog had a hand in her pocket.  “Dog.  What are you doing?”
Crouching beside her, he said, “In the desert, you pocketed two silver casings.”
“Yeah, so?”
“And there were five silver bullets that you dug out of me.  One in the shoulder.  Three in the torso.  And one in the hip.”
“Yeah…”  She wasn’t following.  And she felt too poorly to even try.
“You still have them, don’t you?”
“Maybe.  Why?”
“I need you to give them to me.”
A hollow chill coursed down her spine, causing her muscles to quiver and ache.  She pressed the shooter into his forehead, and asked, “Who are you?”
“You know who I am.  Now, I need you to trust me.  Give them to me before he comes back.”
“Before who comes back?”
Without hesitation, the Dog replied, “Me.”
“What?  I…I don’t understand.”
“I know you don’t.  But you must trust me.  Give me the silver.”
Pressing the barrel deeper into his temple, she asked, “Why the fuck should I?”
“Because, silver kills bargs.”
“Who are you?  Why are you here?  Who sent you?”
“Troll sent me.  And you know how I am.”
God help her, she did.  It was the Dog.  Not the one she traveled with, but it was him all the same.
Shivering against the night’s frigid air, she fished the bullets and shells from her pocket and gently placed them in his hairy palm.
He took them and then bounded away.
She lay there a long moment as she quivered in pain.
What happened?  Who was that?
The crumbling of brush sounded, as did the plodding of feet.  The Dog returned with two skinned hairs.  Eyes glinting gold, he asked, “Hungry?”

****

This was a bad idea.  He knew it was.  But without Troll or Star’s council, the Dog didn’t know what else to do.  He only knew that in his short time back here he’d already mucked things up.  Since he changed something drastic, he needed to perform a slight course correction.  Not so much as change things again, but rather, nudge them back in their original direction.
He entered the tent as the flickering, lambent light filtered through the face mask of his helmet.
“Are you the ranking officer?” he asked.
“No,” replied a young boy with shabby, long reddish-hair.  Acne riddled his skinny, elongated face.  “I’m just an apprentice.  Smith is the name.  Rank and darknom,” he inquired.
The Dog removed his helmet and said, “That’s classified, Smith.”
After retrieving the silver from Star, but more importantly, before his former self returned, the Dog hid in the trees and reached out with his senses.  He located three heartbeats approaching the Sac Krin River.  Slinking through the early morning’s mist, the Dog tracked down three soldiers wearing heavy, black armor with three horizontal white stripes across their arms and face masks.  They were messengers.
“I think they crossed here.” Said one as he pointed at the rushing rapids.
“Really,” said another in a gravelly voice.  “What gave you that bright idea?”
“Fuck you,” spat the first.
The third merely stood there peering into the distance with his binoculars.
That’s the one he wanted.  The quiet one.
“Come on,” barked the first, “Let’s see if we can get across without drowning.”
“You always think you know they way,” snorted the second.
Shifting fully feral, the Dog slithered into the waters and dove underneath the churning current without so much as a splash.
The first two messengers waded out into the water until the rapids rose to their hips.
“I think we should go back,” said the first.
“I think you should shut the hell up,” replied the second.  “We have our orders.  Do you know what the Lord of Black does to those who don’t do their jobs?”
“No, what?”
“Well, you can ask Shroud.  That is, if you ever see him again.  Which you won’t.”
The third messenger plodded through the mud as he traversed down the river bank.
“Where the hell do you think you’re going?” asked the first.
The third king’s man pointed to the right, and stuttered, “L…Looking for a b…be…better way to cr…cross.”
“Well there ain’t,” snorted the first, “So, hurry up.”
Wearily, the third treaded into the waters.
From the bottom of the river, the Dog drifted through the murk, and pulled the third man under before his comrades knew what happened.  The Dog wanted to hold him under until he choked on the river, but he didn’t have time for that.  Instead, he merely slit the man’s throat.
“Where’s Ankor?” asked the first.
“Fuck if I know,” replied the second.
Still beneath the rip, the Dog paddled toward the second king’s man and pulled him under.  The man struggled and screamed, but the Dog pressed his chest down; back pressed into the muck until he too expired.  One to go.
The first man whirled around and pulled a pistol.
The Dog meant to perform this as steelthily as possible, but he’d been under too long and running out of air.
Growling, eyes twinkling gold, he emerged from the purling waters.
Shuddering, the soldier yelled, “You!” and fired.  Nothing.  The handgun water bogged.  The Dog pounced and drove the man under the rapids as they both sailed under the current.  Something pierced the Dog’s kidney and rotated.  That asshole just stabbed him.  They bounced off the river bed, broke the surface and crashed into a rock.  The Dog sank his fangs into the soldier’s jugular and drank until his wounds healed.
With that accomplished, he stripped the man of his armor and helmet.
Christ, he was just a kid with curly, red-hair and freckles.
Why did so many of the King’s legions have red-hair and freckles?  He didn’t know, nor did he dare to ponder.
Much as he’d done in the mines, the Dog stashed all his clothes and weapons in a tree and marked the territory so he could find them later.  Then he donned the messenger armor and trotted back toward the king’s camp.
He needed to tread carefully.  There were still bargs about.  Plus, Furion, the Lord of Black could invade one’s mind.  He’d need to guard his thoughts carefully.
This was stupid.  But he had no better options.
Donning the heavy armor and helmet of a king’s man, he strolled into camp.
Slender tendrils of smoke spiraled into the orange-purplish sky.  Canvas tents dotted the trees and tall-grass.  King’s men donning only pantaloons and sweat-stained under-shirts sat in small circles, chatting and playing card games such as slapjacks and craw-daddy.
The murmuring of hundreds of voices metastasized within his mind until one finally stood out.
“Halt!” cried a soldier with a shaved head and black-beard.  His right eye faded in cataract-blue.  He wore the scratch-marked sigil of an officer.  “You weren’t supposed to come back until you found the interlopers.”
“I did,” the Dog replied behind his face mask.
“And where are the others?”
“Camped outside Krin.  They told me to come back and report.”
Folding his arms amidst his waist, the soldier dipped his head, exhaled deeply, and said, “All right then, report.”
The Dog said the only thing he could think of, “The beast and slave have returned to Krin.”  And that was true.
“And the man?  Where is he?”
“He is also there.  They are making preparations to defend themselves.”
“Is that so”
“Aye, sir.”
“Thank you, messenger.  You are dismissed.”  The king’s man pounded the sigil on his chest, and said, “Hail to Furion.  Hail to the King.”
Restraining the growl growing within his gullet, the Dog replied, “Hail to the king.”
The Dog trekked on as he tracked down the acerbic aroma of kindling wood and smelted iron.  As he trod onward into the heart of the encampment, the amalgamative scents and sounds faded, as if he advanced beyond the pawns and further toward the true enemy.  But that wasn’t true.  These men may have been cajoled and forced into servitude, but they enemies none-the-less.
Sensing the inarticulate aroma of smelt, metal, and sworf, a sensation of heightened anticipation befell upon him.  Yet, he steadied it as he strode toward a particularly innocuous tent.
No one payed so much as a second glance in his general direction.
Good.  For now. 
He peeled back the tent flap and crawled inside.
A young boy with long shabby, dirty-blond hair and slender, acne riddled face snapped to attention.
“Hail to Furion!  Hail to the king!”
If one more fucking person said that, the Dog was going to kill all of them.
“Hail to the king,” he replied.  “Are you the ranking officer?”
“No, sir.  I’m just an apprentice.”
“You any good?”
“Beggin’ me saying so, but I’m the best.”
“Good.”  The Dog removed his helmet and gently placed it in the dirt.  He strolled toward the boy and fetched the sundries from his belt.  “Here,” he said.
The boy cupped his hand, and the Dog placed the five silver bullets and two shells in his palm.
“What do you want me to do with this, sir?”
“I need the five bullets recast.  The two casings I need melted down and forged into another bullet.”
The boy held a bullet up with his thumb and forefinger; examining them thoughtfully.  “Is this silver?”
“Yes.”
A quizzical expression spread across the boy’s face.  “You want six silver bullets?”
“Yes.  Can you do it?”
“Of course, sir.”
“How long?”
“I’ll have it done within the hour.”
“Good.”  The Dog turned to take his leave, retrieving his helmet from the ground.
“Uh, just one thing, sir.”
The Dog pivoted toward the boy.
“Not questioning orders or nothing, I know better than that.  But do you want to tell me why a messenger is making such an unusual request?”
“Because his blackness demands it.”  He almost said Furion, but he didn’t want to chance invoking him.
“Hail to the Lord of Black.  Hail to the king.”
The Dog just rolled his eyes.
Turning toward his work table, the boy uttered, “I still don’t understand why silver.”
“You heard of the beast in the form of a man?”
“Of course.”
“Well, that can kill him.  And the master needs that mutt out of the way.”
Jostling the silver within his grasp, the boy said, “Really?  Silver?  Are you sure?”
Resisting the urge to smile a toothy grin, the Dog replied, “I’m positive.”

****

A Krinian child with chubby cheeks and diamond-blue eyes, said, “Tell us a story Mother Star.”
Another called, “One with a lot of action.”
“A little romance, “said a native exile with pigtails.
“A little scary,” said another.
“Ye know,” chimed Anne, “A great journey.”
Clapping, Troll said, “Here, here.”
So, Star regaled them with the greatest journey she ever trekked.
The evening’s air was warm and sweet when the Dog entered Krin with Star in his arms.
Anne spotted them first.
“Star!” she cheered.  “Dog!”  she sprinted toward them and wrapped her thin arms around the Dog and Star.
Heart aching, Troll dropped to his knees as tears stung the back of his eyes.  He just couldn’t believe it.  How could he have been so blind?  The Dog was alive.  And he had returned his love to him unscathed.  But that wasn’t exactly true.
Star’s beautiful golden locks had thinned.  Blotches riddled her skin like remnants of the cave rot.  Her emerald gape appeared cloudy with cataracts.
“Anne,” she croaked, embracing the wee lass.  “What did you do to your hair?”
Scratching at her scalp, Anne blushed, and said, “Cut it.  I think I like it better this way.  What do ye think?”
“I think it looks great,” Star smiled and her chapped, blistered lips bled slightly.
“Come my friend,” Greggoire said, helping Troll to his feet.  “We have greetings to give.”
Wearily, as if uncertain this a dream, he stepped toward Star.
Her faded, emerald gape shimmered with rheum.
He didn’t say anything.  He couldn’t.  Neither did she.  After a moment of just standing there staring at each other, as if unsure of the reality ensconcing them, they rushed into each other’s arms and kissed passionately.
Nose wrinkled, Amelia said, “Ew.”
Others cheered and applauded.
The Dog merely crouched there on his haunches; his head tilting this way and that as his elongated ears twitched at the slightest of nocturnal noises.
“Oh, no ye don’t,” said Troll.  He grabbed the Dog by the arm and hugged his love and longest friend as tightly as he dared.
“You’re crushing me,” growled Dog.
Troll reared back as a shudder ran down his spine.  “Did…did ye just speak.”
“Yeah,” Star snorted in laughter, “he does that now.”
Thumbs hitched in his buckle, ‘Ro ambled forth.  Sandy, Mia, Fedic, and Hickey were right behind him.
“‘Ro?  Mia?  Come here, girl.”
Snot running down her face, Mia dashed into Star’s open arms so hard Troll thought she’d bowl her over.
Glancing around, Star asked, “Where’s Ally?”
‘Ro and Sandy hung their heads in dejection.
“He didn’t make it,” Anne solemnly replied.  “He was taken.”
“Taken by whom?” asked Star.
Anne cleared her throat.  God, she was so much older now.
Anne said, “We have a lot to tell ye.”
“Same,” Star said, wiping the tears from her scabby cheeks.
Troll still thought she the most glorious thing he’d ever seen.
After much bread-breaking and merriment, Troll and Greggoire escorted her back to her home in the hills.
All Krinians, turn-coats, exiles, and teran-oht followed.
Jaw snarled, Star gazed upon the straw hut of her parents, and said, “So, this is where it all began.”
“Aye, my dove,” Troll said, gently running his palm through her thinning locks.
“Never again,” she uttered.
They entered the domicile as Sarah and Sirii lit a fire.
Daneal fetched an old wooden rocker from the back room.  “Your Grandmere’s chair,” he said, helping her into it.
“Thanks,” said Star.  “But I don’t need no assistance.”
Aye, as much of a spitfire as ever, Troll thought with a massive grin plastered to his face.
“Tell us a story, Mother Star.”
And so, she did.  Her story began where Troll’s left off; with her going out into the desert and rescuing the Dog.  Then he rescued her.  The blinding flash and strange mushroom-shaped cloud that decimated Al’ber Que.  “You should have seen it,” Star said utilizing wide hand gestures.
She talked long into the night, until her voice hoarse.
“Come now,” Troll eventually said, shooing them away.  “My love has traveled far and is very weary.”
The people slowly filtered out.
All that remained were Troll, Anne, Sarah, Sirii, and the Jessip gang (minus Fedic).  The Dog also disappeared, but Troll suspected that was to be expected.
Star ceased her rocking, solemnly gazed at her friends, and said, “They’re coming.  The king.  Furion.  They’re coming.  And this time they won’t stop until we’re all dead.”
“Aye, my dove,” replied Troll.  “They’ve pushed us as far as we can go.”
Thumbs hooked in his belt, ‘Ro nodded, and said, “Now it’s time for us to do a little pushing of our own.”
Troll said, “Aye, we can discuss this all in the morning.  My love needs her sleep.”
They said their goodbyes.
Mia lightly squeezed Star’s shoulder, and sobbed, “Glad you’re back.”
“Get a hold of yourself,” Hickey said before expectorating tobacco juice.
“Me too,” Smiled Star.  “Now get some sleep.”
“Okay.”  Mia sniffled and hugged Star.
They filtered out.  The only one to remain was Anne.
“What’s up?” Star asked her.
Anne glared at Troll for the utmost of brevity.
Troll saw that look of elucidation over Byron’s face moments before he taken, and he shivered,
“Here,” Anne said, presenting Star with a stack of filthy and age-discolored books, “This is for the Dog.  He’s going to need them.”
Troll’s heart dropped to his bowels.
Why did she keep attempting to give those cursed tomes to them?
Reclining in her rocker, “Star said, I don’t know where he is.  Probably off hunting.  You can give them to him in the morning.”
Bare foot, Anne crept closer and gently rested the books in Star’s lap.  Star ceased her rocking.
Anne said, “Not our Dog.  The other one.”

****

Day.  Birds merrily chirped and caroled.  The air warmed to almost a sticky humidity.
The Dog trekked back to his belongings (his internal radar ubiquitously on the lookout for bargs).  Disgust swirling within him, he cast off the king’s armor and tossed it into the river.  Didn’t matter now.  He adorned his regular garbs and bounded up the side of rolling hills.  Spruce, birch, and pine jut out from the uneven ground in an air of defiance.
He could sense them.  Small hearts that pumped at a higher ratio than that of any humans.
The six silver bullets jangled within his pocket.  Awesome.  Now, how would he get them to Star?
Unless he fixed this, that wouldn’t matter.
Due to his clumsy nature, he’d inadvertently alerted his younger self to his presence, and that also led to him catching her right before she fell in the Mortis-mud.  They never met fuzzy bear.  And because of that, the animals would not arrive to the battle of Krin.  Man and nature would never unite.  And after that…well, he didn’t know.
He just needed to fix this.
The Dog clambered up the western face of the Sie mountains until the forest thinned and the trees grew sparse; until the weeds stood long and tall and swayed in the briny breeze.
Then he saw them.
Up ahead loomed a cave.  In front of the cave bears and mountain cats lounged in the warming sun.
Hawks and falcons perched in the trees as the pecked and groomed their feathers.
Squirrels and mice frolicked in the tall-grass; hopping carelessly to-and-fro.
The Dog approached.
Roooaaaar
A large Kodiak bear bounded forth and roared again.
Fuzzy bear.
The bear chuffed and growled.
The Dog understood its language.
What man want?  Have no purpose here.  What want?
The Dog growled and chuffed.
I called.  You did not come.
Others there, replied the bear, Strange things.  Bad things.  Smell bad.
Not I.  barked the Dog.  Come as friend.
Why?
The Dog glanced around.  The animals stood and reared away from him.  Need help, he grunted.
The bear trundled forth and sniffed him.
Man no want help.  You not man.  What you?
I Dog.
The squirrels, chipmunks, and mice bounded away.  The deer loped off into the forest, the bears chuffed.
Fuzzy bear sniffed him again.
You not dog.  You monster.
The bear turned and ambled away.
This wasn’t working.
The animals had gathered; fearing the evil that crept through the woods.  He sensed it just as he did right before the flash outside of Al’ber Que.
What want? Barked the Dog.
Peace, growled the bear.
Can give
Man no give what man does not know
“I’m not a man,” replied the Dog.
Teeth barred, the bear leapt toward him, but did not attack.  Its hot, rank breath splattered the Dog’s face.
What you?  Say true.
The Dog uttered, “I don’t know what I am.”
The bear growled, Have no place here, man that is not.
“No, I suppose I don’t.”
What want from bears?
“Help,” said the Dog.  “Not just from bears, but from mountain cats, eagles, deer…”
A field mouse ran up to him and sniffed at his leg; its tiny nose worked back and forth as it curiously examined the invader.
Even mice
No.  Cannot help man.
The bear licked its chops and trotted off.
Shit.  This wasn’t working.  Dog called, “If you do this.  If you turn away now.  You’ll all die from the very thing you fear.”
What is?  Growled the bear.
From man.  They come and will take away.
Take away what?
“Everything,” said the Dog.  “They’ll take everything.  And they’ll burn the forest down until nothing remains.”
NO!  The bear charged and swiped its mighty claws at the Dog.  He just stood there.  The bear sliced upon his flesh and pressed him into the ground.  The Dog’s wounds healed instantly.
The animals skittered away.
What this? Asked the bear.
Told you.  Not man.  Something else.
Will you protect animal?
Yes
Man make many promise.  Man cannot keep
Not man
The bear roared.  Its hot breath steamed in the already sultry air.  The bear pressed him deeper into the dirt, compressing the Dog’s ribcage.  No matter, that too would heal.
Promise
The animals wearily returned and gazed upon the Dog as he pinned to the ground.
Promise!  Roared the bear.
Man no make promise he cannot keep, growled the Dog.
True.  True cawed an eagle.
A mountain cat licked its paws.
No promise, no fight.  The bear snorted and lumbered away.
The Dog fetched Troll’s medallion from his pocket and held it up to the beaming sunlight.
No promise.  Only this.  He brandished the medallion as high as his arms could reach.
Where get? Asked the bear.
“From a man that is friend to all,” replied the Dog.
Know what is?
“A light in the dark,” he said.
The mountain cat rolled on its back and purred.  The deer trotted back into the clearing.  Mice and squirrels poked their tiny heads up from the tall-grass.
What want of animals? Asked the bear.
Support
The bear gaped at him.  Of course, it didn’t understand that word.
The Dog rearranged the words bouncing within in mind, and said, Animals come when called.
Promise to protect?
The Dog nodded.
Want promise
Lying through his fangs, the Dog said, “I promise.”

****

Troll said to Star, “And over there is the narrow valley between the hills, where the exiles and I entered Krin.  I believe ye and the Dog arrived further south.”
“Yeah,” she replied. “out of the swamp forest.  Almost fell in a pool of Mortis-mud.”
“Aye, so ye’ve said.”
The sun shone brightly and the air blew low and sweet; briny as ever.
They stood atop the minor bluffs; a landmark located fifteen-minutes eastbound from Star’s humble abode; a trek they made hand-in-hand.
Her back pressed into his barrel-like chest; she inhaled the sweet air, and said, “I see that big ash tree is still standing at the bottom of the valley.”
“Aye,” chuckled Troll, “And large as life itself.”
“It looks different,” she said.
“I suppose it does my dove.”
“No, you don’t get it.  I’ve been waiting my entire life to come back home.  And now that I am, it’s like being in a foreign place.  Like I’m discovering it for the first time.”
“The Krinians had a lot to rebuild,” he gently whispered in her ear.  “Nothing stays the same.”
“I know that,” she snorted with an air of whimsy.  She turned toward him and took his hand.  She kissed him.
Troll kissed back.
Releasing a slight giggle, she brushed the hair from his face, and said, “You know, you’re taller than I remember.”
“Aye, Sarah said the same thing after we exited the mines.”
Caressing his beard, she asked, “Do you regret this?  I mean, any of this?”
“Not at all, my dear.  Had none of this transpired, we never would have met.  And that would be a travesty.”
He kissed her again.  And she kissed back.  Then she turned from him (her back still against his chest) and gazed down at the village.
Her home had been ravaged.  Her family murdered.  Yet, through it all, she still somehow managed to find peace.  And she had Troll to thank for it.  What could she possibly offer him in return?  What could he want with a sickly woman such as her?
She shuddered and Troll massaged her shoulders.
She gazed down at the village below.  Wooden huts dotted the greenish valley entrenched by thick forestry.  Crop fields of potatoes, turnips, and grapes stretched westward from the back of the quaint village and nearly toward the marshland just before the ocean.  Slightly north, stood a moldy structure fashioned from timber and mud; slightly obfuscated by dense trees and thickets.  From the valley below, the building easily camouflaged, but atop the minor bluffs, the landmark seemed obvious.
“Is that the water bank?”
“Indeed, my dove,”
She said, “It’s not the way I remember it.”
“Aye, as I said, t’was rebuilt after the siege.”
Brushing a hand through her thinning locks, she snorted, “That’s not what I’m talking about.  Krin don’t look like I remember it.”
“Does that cause thee despair, my dove?”
Head down, she sighed, and said, “Not despair, just…”
But she didn’t know the words to finish.  He knew she didn’t.  But alas, he would not allocate mere words into her deepest emotions.
Stroking her hair, he asked, “Myriam, are thee well.”
“I’m dying,” she replied without hesitation.
That stuck in him like a hot dagger.
She continued, “And it’s getting hard for me to see.”
“I know what ye mean.  I also do not see things as clearly as I once did.”
Star snorted, “That’s not what I’m talking about.  I mean, I can’t see.  Sometimes I can make out shapes, but, that’s all.  I…I think I’m going blind.”
Troll cupped her chin and lifted her face to meet his.  It was true.  Her vibrant, emerald eyes resembled faded clouds.  He caressed her blistered face and kissed her.  Once more, she kissed back.
He said, “Come what may, my dear, we shall whether this together.”

****

Hot and muggy inside the medicine man’s hut.  A faint dingy light was all she perceived as she rocked forth and sway in her Grandmere’s chair; the antiquated furnishing bowed and creaked with each pendular motion.
Moments earlier, the galloping of hooves preceded the warning call, “They come!  They come!”
The tent flap peeled back and Star managed to view a dusky orangish hue, but nothing more.  Troll and the Dog plodded forward.  She couldn’t see them.  Not anymore.  But even without the assistance of the Dog’s blood, she felt them.  She knew their presence.
After the previous night’s meeting on whether to help Star and her cause, Fedic emerged and exposed his true colors; murdering Zashiirii and N’Dora before dashing off into the night.  She fired at him, even managed to hit him in the arm; or at least, graze him.  But the traitor still escaped.
Troll, ‘Ro, and their compatriots gave chase.  That was when Troll encountered the stranger in white out in the woods.
Shivering, she cerebrated on her first encounter with the mysterious stranger in white.
One day when you have nothing left, you will come back to me!  They always come back to me.
Now, they understood the stranger in white was also the harvester of Al’ber Que, the Sweetie Man, the Wraith.
And it was right.  She was coming back to him.  But not to bow in servitude, oh no, she was coming back to kill him and all the Darklings.  And she aimed on bringing Hell with her.
After Troll and the others returned from the woods, she heard him bark his orders; advising them to make ready, as war now approached their doorstep.  If any hesitation lingered within the council, no doubt it now replaced with a sense of urgency and dread.
Star knelt in the tall-grass, her knees and thighs stained with the evening’s dew.
Troll cradled Star up in his arms, “T’is me my dove.”
Cough.  Cough.  “I know.”  She holstered her weapons.
“Report,” Troll called.
Bunches crunched through the weeds.  “They’re dead,” said ‘Ro.  Despite panting, his voice seemed eerily calm.  “D’el Hermanii.  They’re both dead.”
“How?” she asked.
“One had her throat slit ear to ear, the other drained of life.  Just like in the mines.”  His timbre quavered not in the least.  He’d seen worse.
They all had.
“Bury the bodies,” Troll commanded.
“Fuck that,” Hickey spat.  “We oughta burn ‘em.”
“No,” replied Star.  “We bury our own.  We don’t burn them.”
Silence as crickets chirped in the soft oceanic breeze.
“Ye heard my woman.”
They trotted off without gripe or grumble.
The clank of the Dog’s armor returned her to the here and now.
Her teeth loosened within her gums.  She couldn’t help push them back and forth with her tongue.
“Come before me,” she croaked.
The Dog strode toward her, and then squatted on his haunches.
Her ruminations slithered back to the previous night’s events.
“I need to help,” she’d said as Troll carried through the darkened domicile of her family home.
“And indeed, thee shall.  Right now, ye need to rest.”
Tonguing the loose teeth within her skull, she hissed, “I’m not tired.  I’m pissed.  Fedic.  That little son-of-a-bitch.”
“And he shall receive his due and proper.  Though not tonight.  I doubt anyone will see him until the morn.”
He gently placed her on the bed.  Her back pressed into something flat, elongated, and sturdy.  “What the hell?”  She meant to sit bolt right, though barely managed to rise from the mattress.
Troll gently fished his hand under her back and produced the object.  Huffing in exasperation, he said, “Not these damnable tomes.”
She didn’t need to ask.  Nou’heim-Du’tawa.
Anne presented the books to her the other night.  She thought she’d left them in the same room she’d told her tale.  Someone must have snuck into her home when she wasn’t there and placed them on her bed.  No-doubt it Anne.  But it could also have been Fedic as he waited for them to return from the village meeting.
“Why is Anne so obsessed with those things.”
Troll gently combed his fingers through her hair, and said, “She believes they the key to unlocking all of this.”
Her reveries turned back to Al’ber Que; and meeting Khariiff in El Na’tirii Tawa before their party departed on their individual missions.  The dome-like walls glistened in golden carvings and tapestries and the frail watcher merely sat there cross-legged on his faded rug; waiting for them.
The high-watcher disclosed a story, or, at least as much of it as he comfortable relaying at that time.
All but the triumvirate.  All but the three.  All others will fall by the waste-side.
“Does it?” she croaked.  Hack.  Hack.  Wheeze.
“I have no care to read such things.  Not after the mines.”
She sensed his vision growing dark with tormented memories.
Had she arrived home days earlier, she might be enticed to leaf through the yellowish pages.  After all, the only book that ever bedeviled her had been burned a long time ago in the desert.  Didn’t matter now.  She could no longer read even if she wanted to.  Or could she?
Whisking back to the present.
Troll tenderly placed a hand on her shoulder; ceasing her rocking, as the furniture creaked to a halt.
Shuddering in cold sweat, she coughed and heaved as Troll lovingly rubbed her back until she stilled.  The warm, briny taste of blood trickled into her mouth.  She coughed wetly into her palm and it felt as though pebbles struck her skin.  Teeth.
She swore she’d never do this again; even made the Dog promise the same.  But the war far from over.  Too many questions fluttered about like bats in the trees.  She needed to win.  She needed them all to win no matter the cost.  And no mistake, this would be the last time.  Come what may.
She opened her mouth to speak.
Growling lowly, the Dog asked, “How strong, and for how long?”

****

The Dog of now perched upon a rocky precipice just above the narrow entrance that would hopefully funnel the king’s army into the valley of Krin.  He didn’t want to watch the battle.  He already knew the death and despair that would befall his comrades, yet he had to observe the unfolding events to ensure everything transpired just as it had before.  He’d changed so many things.  Had he fixed them?  He certainly hoped so.
He gazed down at the ash tree at the bottom of the embankment and saw his former self prepare for the slaughter ahead of them.
Black, ironclad riders charged down the slope toward the tree with the foot soldiers sprinting behind.
The Dog of old knocked his bow and aimed at the lead rider.  He knew because he’d lived it once before.
Almost.  Almost.  Not yet.
Further behind the ash tree, Star’s army stood at the ready as their collective hearts palpitated in anxiousness.
The soldiers plodded forward.  Nearly there.
Not yet.  Almost.
Just before the Dog of yesterday loosed his arrow, bears, mountain cats, and stags charged from out of the brush and ambushed the encroaching army.
What the hell?  That wasn’t supposed to happen.
Dog glanced back toward the forestry and reached out with his senses.  The soldiers prepared to strafe down upon the valley with everything within their seemingly infinite arsenal.  Hawks, falcons, and eagles descended from above; tearing into the soldiers and pecking at their exposed flesh.  Some of the bigger eagles grasped the king’s men in their momentous talons, swooped heavenward and dropped them.
What the hell was going on?
A rustling emanated from behind.  The Dog didn’t startle or fright.  He sensed the presence.
Fuzzy bear trundled out of the trees; sniffing at the air with its long snout.
Without turning from the battle, the Dog asked, “What are you doing?  You were supposed to wait for the call.”
Man who not man not call nature, chuffed the bear.  Animals come as promised.  Now man who not man keep promise and protect animal.
This is not the way this is supposed to happen.
The bear merely gawked at him with big, brown eyes.
The Dog peered down at the opening of the valley.  The animals stood so thick the army could not gain entrance.  Ripped apart, they fell in a human blockade as the skies incipiently darkened and a light sprinkle pattered down.

****

“What is happening?” asked Daneal.
Troll performed his characteristic running of the hand, forced a chuckle, and replied, “It appears man and nature will join forces against the King, after all.”
“No,” muttered Anne.  “This is wrong.  This is so wrong.”
“She’s right,” Star said, gripping Troll’s shoulder.  “This just feels wrong.”
Aye, he felt it too.
“In any event, it is happening,” he said.
Anne whirled toward him, and said, “This is not the way this happens.”
“I’m afraid it’s too late, my dear.  It has already begun.”  He glanced around at their army; their collective gapes wide, mouths agape.
Were they ready for this?  He supposed in another few moments they’d all find out together.

****

You need to stop this, growled the Dog.
No stopping what man began
The bear plopped on its hind and licked its massive fore paws.
The Dog peered down again.  The animals tore the army to pieces.  A stag disemboweled a soldier with its antlers; guts spilled into the blood-soaked earth as the rains picked up.  A bear slammed its claws into the side of a soldier’s helmet so hard his neck snapped.  A cougar pounced and sank its fangs into a king’s man’s jugular as crimson spurted.  The soldiers screamed and skirled.
Above the trees, eagles still dropped men from the skies as falcons and hawks pierced talons into face masks and ripped men’s eyes from their sockets.
Please.  Stop this.
The bear shambled forth and peered down at the carnage below.  Evil men get what deserved.
The bear stretched its neck out.  The scent of wet fur hung prevalent in the air as it sniffed at the rainy air.  Then it glared at the ash tree at the entrance of the valley.  It glanced at the Dog, then back at his former self, then at him once more.
What this?  Who is that?
Gape darting from side to side, the Dog lightly patted the left side of his chest (where his heart was), and said the only thing he could think of.
Brother
Oh, huffed fuzzy bear.  Will protect.
The bear roared and bounded down the side of the couloir.
No!  Bayed the Dog.
Too late.

****

Flabbergasted, the Dog sat perched on an outstretched limb wondering where all the animals came from.
He’d called for help when he pulled Star from the river and a barg attacked.  Was that what happened?  Was he the cause of this?  Okay.  That’s fine.  He just wished he hadn’t given a blood-meal to Star or planted dozens of arrows in the tree when he didn’t need to.
He reached out with his senses.  Troll and Star’s army still stood at the ready.  Their pulses galloped like the king’s steeds before being trampled by nature.
“Drauger!”
Through the deluge, the Dog hunkered low and peered intently through the rains as water ran from his hat in thick, shimmering rivulets.
The second wave of the army encroached led by the Drauger.
The animals ceased their attack on the pernicious bodies of flayed soldiers.
Bears and mountain cats roared as steam escaped from their open maws.  Stags bucked and snorted.  Above, birds of prey descended with blood-stained talons reaching toward their enemies like shadowy, elongated fingers.
Fwswooooom
Smart weapons burst in the air and strafed upon the valley and exploded into Hell fire.
The animals screamed.
He heard it.  He sensed it.  The pain bore into his heart like piercing silver.
The Dog merely watched.  That was all he could do.  He’d already meddled enough.  Now he needed to let events unfold.

****

The caustic scent of smoke and the crackle of burning timber violated the rains as Star’s army just stood there in anticipation.
“They’re coming,” said Greggoire.
“Good,” she snarled, “Let ‘em.”
Shivering from the cold, Sarah asked, “What about Dog?  He…he was--”
“He’s fine,” Star said, “I can still sense him.”
“Then it’s time to end this.”  Anne pulled the steel from the scabbard in the back plate of her Al’ber Querian armor.  The steel rang even under the heavy pattering of the rain.
“Aye,” said Troll.
Anne sloshed forward through the muck.  Her boots made a squelching, sucking noise in the mud and bedraggled grass.
Their army advanced toward the crackling pyre.
Star felt Troll move forward.  She grasped his forearm, and said. “Wait.”  Her voice sounded timid and meek, like that of a child’s.
“What is it, my dove?”
She swept the wet, thinning locks from her face, and said, “Kiss me.  Kiss me just one last time.”
He opened his mouth to retort.
“Just in case this is the last time.”
“As ye wish, my love.”
He kissed her.  She kissed back.
Their army ambled forth before breaking into a steady trot.  Before anyone knew it, they were running headlong into the dim.
It was on.

****

The rains hailed down in icy droves.
“Drauger!” bellowed the monstrosity formerly known as Shroud.
The Dog watched as the bestial led the army toward the ash tree.
The Dog, the old Dog, pounced from the tree and landed on his haunches.  He fetched the silver sabre from the back plate of his armor and brandished it at the advancing villains.  The Dog bayed a roaring that echoed even under the heavy rains.  Behind, Star’s army yawed in concurrence.
He needed to do something.  But what?
The soldiers plowed through the still smoldering debris of fallen animal carcasses and burning armor or fallen king’s men.
He sensed something sinister.
The Dog pivoted just as a barg pounced from the brush.  Its “fur” appeared as billowing smoke, while’st its under carriage formed the visage of drenched forestry.  Gnashing elongated teeth, the barg pressed its fore paws into the Dog’s shoulder’s and forced him to his back.  Its whip-like, slobbering, prehensile tongue wrapped gird around his throat and constricted.  The Dog pulled the pin on his gauntlet and was about to clench his fist.  The monster stomped a giant paw on his wrist.
Not this time.
Furion.
The barg sat up, like Fuzzy bear sitting on its hind.  The barg put its hind paws and all its weight into the Dog’s chest, pinning him.  With a ragged claw, the barg reached towards the Dog’s mouth.  Dog struggled in protest.  No use.  Like caressing a lover, the barg drug its claws across the Dog’s face and chin; severing flesh and drawing dark streams of blood.  The barg whinnied in anticipation.
Open sesame
Its yellowish claws grew impossibly long.  The Dog fought harder to get up.  But he couldn’t.  The barg slithered its claws between his slit mouth and opened his jaw.  The Dog bit down with all the fortitude he could muster.  Still to no avail.  The barg spread its claws and opened the Dog’s mouth wider.
This time I’ll pull your tongue out.

****

Troll and Star (followed by their army) slowed to a trot as they approached the ash tree.  The Dog jumped down and produced the silver sword ridding in the scabbard of the back plate in his armor.
Troll raised a clenched fist, and hailed, “Hold!”
His compatriots complied with his decree.
Panting breaths exhaled plumes of steam.
“Hold!” he called again.  “Make ready!”
“Just give the word,” Star grumbled.  She holstered her side arms and pulled her own Al’ber Querian steel.  No-doubt they in too close of quarters for her to wield firearms without risking hitting one of their own.
The soggy ground trembled with the approaching army swiftly advancing toward them.
“Steady,” said Troll.  “Steady.”
Many iron feet pounded forward as they neared the bottom of the hill and the entrance to the valley.
A huge monstrosity with dark gray skin and elongated wisps of black hair led their adversaries as it wielded a large, double-headed axe.
“Do it,” Star uttered.
“Not yet, my love,” he replied.
Beside them, DJ whimpered and whined.
Anne gripped his wrist and hushed him, “T’will be all right.  I’ll not let them touch ye.”
“Drauger!”
Troll’s heart skipped an arrhythmic beat.  “Dear Lord,” he gasped.  He didn’t mean to.  But he couldn’t help it.  “What is that thing?”
“Shroud,” snarled Star.  “What’s left of him, anyway.” 
The Dog hunkered low to the ground as a deep, guttural growl seeped from behind his barred fangs.
Star said, “Troll?”
“Almost.”
From behind, ‘Ro cocked his speed-shooter, and asked, “Everybody ready for this shit?”
Nearly there.  The Drauger and his minions reached the end of the slope and charged into the valley.
Troll thrust his staff high above his head, and bellowed, “Efuegii!”
From the cliffs above, their allies attacked.  Arrows strafed down like stingy pelts of hail.  Boulders, rocks, and buckets of Mortis-mud descended from on high; bottle-necking the enemy.
Soldiers shrieked and fell.
The Dog leapt to a stance, brandished his cutlass at the army, and roared.
Troll and Star lifted their weapons in the air and roared out in turn.
Behind, the rest of their army followed suit.
Swiping silver, the Dog sprinted onward into the dim as the others followed.

****

The Dog’s mandibles cracked as the barg forced his jaw open even wider.  An arch of pain coursed down his back and tingled into his extremities as the bag pressed him deeper into the muck.
He wriggled and struggled.  No use.  He was stuck.  That was okay.  Even if the barg killed him, he knew he’d wake up later.  He always did.
Screee
At first, he thought that another monster of the kings.
An eagle with golden-brown feathers swooped down and raked its talons across the barg’s many eyes.  The barg reared back as it howled in anguish, swiping wildly at the sky.  The eagle sank its talons into the barg’s head and pecked voraciously at its face.  The Dog reared his legs upward and kicked the barg with all his might.  The barg rolled over the side of the cliff.  Its paws flailed wildly in the air as it descended to the bottom of the valley before crashing violently into the trees below.
The eagle cawed as it soared away.
Gasping, the Dog rolled to his stomach and gazed down at the ensuing battle.
Fuzzy bear bounded into the fray and barreled into the front line; sending king’s men flying.
Troll, Star, and his former self stood with their backs together, forming a tight perimeter as they slay all who dare accost them.  Their army fought just as ferociously; cutting down any who managed to breach their ranks.
They were winning.
Dog crawled through the mud and perched on his haunches.
Maybe he should let them win.  If they did, that would be end of Furion and his minions, right?  Although, there was still the Wraith to contend with.  But if the trinity and their friends stood victorious this day, surely, they could dispatch with the Darkling.
No.  That wasn’t supposed to happen.  He’d been given explicit instructions not to change anything except Star’s survival.
Yet, he couldn’t help entertaining the notion of allowing the good guys to stand triumphant for once amidst this long and terrible war.
But what would happen then?  He knew what ensued after their loss.  But what if they won?  Would they take the fight all the way to the King?  Was there even a real King to battle?  Or, was this all the nefarious machinations of the Wraith?  He didn’t know.  But he desperately yearned for his friends to win the day.  Should he?  Why not?  What else could go wrong?
He’d nudged the events of time back and forth so many times, it developed into sort of an addiction; much like Star partaking of his blood.  If he could alter the past merely by the snapping of a branch, what else could he change?  What other scars could he heal before they ever emerged?
Below, the Drauger extended a clawed finger toward Troll and Star’s ranks.
“Drauger!” bellowed the beast as the soldiers sallied forth.
Armor clashed.  Swords sang.  The report of gunfire echoed.
Fuzzy bear roared and charged the Drauger.  The Drauger caught the bear by the throat and tore out its larynx in one foul swoop.  The bear moaned in agony as it reared up on its hind legs and fell backwards, crashing into the advancing king’s men.
Troll strode forward.  He twirled his staff above his head and cracked the Drauger in the side of its elongated cranium.  The Drauger merely glared at him.  The Dog popped up from a crouch and ran the Drauger through with the silver cutlass.  The Drauger roared in pain as its black, sludge-like blood boiled and hissed.
Star emerged from the rains and unloaded all six chambers into the Drauger’s face.  The monster formerly known as Shroud waffled backward.
Around them, Anne led the troops as the rest of the army attempted to breach their ranks.  But she well versed in the art of D’el falanjii.
“Shields up!” Anne cried.  The army did.  They dropped to the ground as the king’s men attacked.  They struck but gained no ground.  “Attack!”
Their army rose to their collective stance with an eruptive force and countered.  The first wave of soldiers collapsed to the blood saturated mirk.
“Down!” Anne called again.
The army continuously pressed in but could not penetrate their ranks.
He did it.  He’d won.  He’d saved them all.  Now all the Dog needed to do was sit back and enjoy the show.
Everything has to proceed just as it did before.  Monty’s voice reverberated within the hollows of his soul.  He’d been sent here to perform one specific task:  return Star to their trinity.  I think the Wraith planned it this way.
Return her to me.
If he allowed the past to change so drastically, then…well that was the thing.  He didn’t know what events would transpire if they won the battle of Krin.  But he certainly knew what trials awaited once they lost.  He been sent here to do one thing.  Just one.  And he was fucking it up.
If time reminiscent to a trickling stream, he’d cast so many pebbles into the waters as to alter the current.  Now he needed to fix the flow he manipulated.
Below, the king’s men still unable to infiltrate the combined ranks of Krinians, turn-coats, exiles, and remaining animals.
Troll thrust his staff upward into the Drauger’s throat.  Oleaginous secretions pooled down the knotted wood.  Star fired into the monster’s face again.  The Dog, the former Dog, pounced and hewed the silver blade into the Drauger’s thick neck.  The Drauger roared.
No.  He needed to stop this.  As much as it pained his soul, they must lose.
The younger Dog hacked and hewed at the Drauger’s throat.
What to do?  How could he redirect the course of events?
The Dog unslung the sniper rifle strapped across his trim shoulder.  He laid on his belly and trained the weapon at the melee below.
The Drauger wrapped its massive claws around the old Dog’s face and thrust him back.  It kicked Troll in the sternum.  Troll tumbled backward.
“No!” cried Star.  She leapt.
Troll rolled on his back, found his footing, and charged.
The Drauger caught them by their necks and slammed their skulls together.
Growling, the Dog emerged from the slop and pooling rain waters.
The Dog of now aimed the cross hairs of the sniper rifle’s scope at his former self.
He had to do this.  He had to.  As much as he wanted to, he just couldn’t let them win.
Fangs barred; the Dog roared.  He pounced and drove the silver sabre into the Drauger’s barrel-like chest.  The Drauger staggered backward as the Dog hunkered low to the ground.  Black blood hissing and popping, the Drauger pulled the weapon from its necrotic flesh and cast it aside.
The old Dog rose to a stance.
The Drauger roared, egging him on.
Then, the Dog of now did the only thing he possibly could.  With his former self caught betwixt the cross hairs of his scope, he fired, and shot himself in the head.

****


10

Dr.  Mary-Anne Starkey sat upon a stool in her lab, quite literally on the edge of her seat.  Donning the appropriate PPE (nitrile gloves, face mask, safety glasses with side shields, etc.) she adjusted the microscope as she focused her weary vision upon the culture she examined.
After the death of Dr. Harrington, she helped herself to a blood sample.  Then she went down to the blood bank and procured twenty random samples of differing blood types.  The results were boggling to say the least.
Every sample with type A blood (regardless of positive or negative), displayed immediate cellular degeneration.  The cells hardened and became a thick blackish color within moments.
Type B remained even more dubious.  Positive quickly coagulated; reminiscent to patients with strokes or aneurisms.  Negative only thinned the blood, conducive of internal bleeding.
Type O negative only troubled her further.  The cells were attacked by the invader, although remained intake.  But the test results revealed they still carried the disease; asymptomatically, of course.
Whatever this was, one thing remained clear.  This was not bacterial or fungal.  Whatever inflicted those infected was highly virulent.  But what was it?
She took the Petri dish from under the microscope and (utilizing an eye-dropper) squeezed a few drops of Warfarin into the culture and placed it back under the microscope.
Almost instantaneously, the cells clotted then broke apart and disintegrated.
What the fuck?
She tried the same thing on other specimens with a range of drugs:  Eliquis, Coumadin; whatever she could think of.  The results were the same.  Immediate cellular degeneration.
The trials on type O negative troubled her even more.
She’d asked Dr. Harrington if his family were sick or even displaying mild symptoms of whatever he’d caught.
They hadn’t.  Not yet.
Her research indicated that there existed those who could be infected, yet go about their lives as asymptomatic carriers within the populace.
How far had this spread?
A frigid chill coursed down her spine.
Weary, her vision blurred and her head throbbed.  She brought a gloved hand up to her temples to massage the rigidity there before she thought better of it.
The tablet on her work station vibrated.  She jumped in a start before feeling quite foolish.  Someone was zooming her.  She reached over to pick it up before thinking better of that too.
She shouldn’t touch anything.  But did that even matter anymore?  Who knew how many people had already been exposed or whether they displayed symptoms?
One thing remained painfully clear:  If this infliction indeed a virus, that meant it would mutate.  It probably already had.
Her tablet vibrated again.
“Not now,” she grumbled at no one in particular.  “I’m busy.”
Astounded, but utterly exhausted, she combined a mixture of anticoagulants into a cocktail that would ordinarily decimate the human body.  But she needed to know.
She took another sample of type O negative and dropped a few drips into the culture before placing them under the microscope.
This time, the cells remained intact as the invading virus broke down into strands of foreign protein.  Okay.  That’s a good start.  But how to turn that into an inoculation that wouldn’t kill its host?
She siphoned the sample into a syringe and injected the soupy contents into a test tube.  She stood.  Her legs felt like a stretched slinky.  How long had she been sitting?  She reached for her tablet to check the time; once more her intuition advised against it.
She shambled across the lab as the feeling in her legs incipiently returned with a slight tingling sensation.  She placed the test tube into a centrifuge and set the automatic timer for a five-minute spin.  If that didn’t yield results, well…back to the drawing board.  She closed the hatch and pressed the start button as the machine beeped to life.  She removed her nitrile gloves and tossed them into a biohazard container before thoroughly washing her hands.
Her nose itched under her mask but she didn’t dare scratch.  She wasn’t sure if she’d ever touch her face again.  But the possibility of such a feat remained fleeting and she knew it.
She fetched her tablet and swiped her finger across the screen.  She had a missed zoom.  Of course, she did.  She knew that.  The number was from Peace Officer Jessip.  Her heart fluttered within her breast.  She forgot about their meeting in Grammercy Park.  She checked her messages but he didn’t leave one.  Palming the tablet, she was about to zoom him back and apologize.
Knock knock.
She jumped in a start; whirling around.  She’d never even heard the pneumatic whoosh of the lab’s door.
There standing in the archway, a Peace Officer clad in white leather and helmet leaned against the jamb.
At first, she thought it Jeffery.  Who else would it be?
The officer removed his helmet.  His slender, tawny skin assessed her through faded blue eyes.  A mohawked ponytail adorned his head like some sort of twisted halo.
“Can I help you?” She asked through her surgical mask.
“Yes, Dr. Starkey, I believe so,” he replied with a toothy grin.
“Do I know you?”
She thought she did.  She could have sworn she’d met this man somewhere before.
“I don’t see how.  My name is Peace Officer Fedic Nasser.  I’m a friend of Peace Officer Jessip.  I have come to fetch you.”
Something about that last statement made her skin crawl like maggots on detritus meat.
She gulped, but her mouth seemed void of spit.  “Yes, I was just about to zoom him back.”
“That won’t be necessary.”  He swept a hand into the room in a gesture if it all right to enter the lab.
She nodded.  She didn’t know why.  She just did.
Officer Nasser ambled into the lab as the door closed behind him with a pneumatic whoosh.
“Please offer Jefferey my apologies.  Must have lost track of time.”
“That’s quite all right, I understand how busy you must be.”
“I was just on my way to meet him.”
“Once again…”  He slowly strode toward her.  “That won’t be necessary.”
“What do you mean?”
“Officer Jessip mentioned you were to meet him at Grammercy Park, correct?”
How did he know that?  Was this really a friend of Jeffery’s?  If so, he’d never mentioned this man before.
“Yeah.”
“I’m afraid the plan has changed.  That’s what my partner was attempting to zoom you about.”
“Maybe I should zoom him back, just to make sure.”
Officer Naseer wagged an admonishing finger, and said, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
“Oh, and why is that?”
Chuckling, he gripped his helmet with both hands as the leathery gloves made a squeezing sound.  “There are people monitoring his tablet.  More than you know are very interested in this patient of yours that miraculously disappeared.”
Troll?  What about him?  What could he possibly have to do with any of this?
“Please, doctor, I am to escort you to the where-abouts of my partner.”
“That’s all right, I know where Grammercy Park is.”
Officer Nasser’s grin widened.  His eyes almost seemed to glow under the fluorescent lighting.  She blinked a few times and his gape resumed that same faded gray.  No-doubt a trick of the mind and weary eyes.
He continued, “As I said, the plan has changed.”

****

Dusk.  The drizzling precipitation nearly ceased as the sun cast golden beams over the major bluffs.  Smoke billowed as tinder still crackled.  The acerbic scent of death and crackling flesh still hung pungently in the evening air.  No crickets.  No birds.  Only the gentle coastal breeze dared violate the silence.
The battle long over.  They’d lost.  But they were supposed to.  So, then why did the Dog feel failure gnawing at his bones?
With his former self incapacitated and Troll and Star unconscious, it only a matter of minutes before the king’s men crushed their army.
So far, so good…he supposed.
From high atop a fern, he perched and reached out with his senses.
Far below, his younger self stirred to life.  The Dog hissed as he placed a ragged claw to his no-doubt throbbing temples.
Getting shot in the head sucked.  He knew it, because he’d suffered such a wound many times over throughout his long, miserable life.
His younger self sloshed through the muck before struggling to a wobbly stance.
Before, he’d been crushed by the ash tree and suffocated on mud as he wormed his way back to the surface.  He’d also been shot, stabbed, set to burn, hung, and a variable cornucopia of tortures during his existence.  Of course, he’d always revived.  But getting shot in the head was always worse.  Because, when he resuscitated, he always foggy, as if part of his memories blew out the back of his head along with parts of his brains.
Via his senses, he watched his former self stagger and waffle through the mud.
After a few moments, the Dog arose and stumbled around the remnants of the battlefield.  He found Sarah’s head, and then her body.  With raw claws he dug a grave and laid her out proper; immuring her and her alone.  A deep guttural growl like grinding boulders emanated from his gullet as his eyes turned the only color they never transitioned to before:  A burning, crimson red.
The Dog shifted fully feral and raced off toward Krin; scampering on all fours.
That stupid idiot!
He forgot the silver sword.
Of course, he knew his former self’s thought would be muddied upon his “awakening”.  That no excuse.  He knew he needed the silver.  Yet, there it lay in a pool of viscous muck.
He waited until his former self long gone and out of “radar”.  He pounced to the ground and scrambled toward the forsaken weapon.  He fished the cutlass from the sludge and swiped it through the air in an effort to clean it.  The he slipped it into the scabbard in his back-plate.
He knew exactly where his former self headed.  How could he not?  But if the previous version of him faced the Drauger without the cutlass…well, he didn’t know.  Once again, he inadvertently altered the current of time merely by attempting to set things right.
What should he do now?  He didn’t know.  Troll might have a bit of advice to serve up proper, but Troll wasn’t here.  Well, sort of.
Somehow, he needed to get the cutlass to his former self without his former self knowing it him.  How the hell was he supposed to do that?
Just one more day, he told himself.  He just needed to make it till dawn, then he, and thusly his friends, would be exactly where they were required to be before he could save Star.  But would that even happen?  He’d already changed so much.
How many more things did he need to change until he got this right?

****

Night.  Cars honked in the distance as the city’s preternatural lights cast an eerie orangish glow over the drudgery of New York.
Jeffery opened the passenger door of the sleek, black Cadillac SRX and slid into the passenger seat with a slight squelching sound.
“So?” asked Lilith.  Even during dusk, she wore large, dark sunglasses that juxtaposed her flawless porcelain skin and crimson lips.
“She’s coming,” he replied.
She ran her fingers through the back of his greasy hair, and said, “Well, that’s good.  That’s real good.”
“I still don’t see why we have to do this.”
“Aw,” she cocked her head and pursed her pouty lips.  “It is not for dogs to understand.  It is for them to do as they are told.”  She gripped his hair in her fist and jerked his head forcibly backward.
“Uh!”
“And you will do as you are told.  Won’t you, little doggy?”
“Yeah.  Yeah, I will.”
She released her hold on him.  “Well, that’s good.  That’s really good.”  She pressed the ignition button on the steering column as the vehicle silently purred to life.  “Shall we go, then?”
He still didn’t know why he needed to be there for this.  But, as his master conferred, it was not his place to ask.
“Sure,” he said meekly.  He swallowed and the inner walls of his throat scraped together like dry, cavernous walls of a long-forgotten cavernous well.
She turned the wheel and pulled out into the flow of traffic as his heart sank into the depths of his bowels.
“What if…”
“Hmm?  What’s that?”
“What if Fedic is there?”
“Oh, he will be.  Does that concern you?”
“No.  I don’t know.  It’s just that…”  but he didn’t know how to finish.  He’d never been scared of Fedic before.  But something within him changed since his release.
“Don’t worry.”  Without removing her gaze from traffic, she ran a hand down his stubbled cheek, and said, “I won’t let anything happen to my favorite little doggy.”
She ran her lithe, effeminate hand down his shoulder and down the side of his torso.
It felt good.  Like he’d never experienced a true caress in his entire life.
She squeezed his thigh and he grew partially erect.
“Don’t worry,” she reiterated.  “Just stick to the plan, and you’ll be just fine.”  She turned toward him and smiled through elongated fangs and pursed crimson lips.  “You are mine.  And I will protect you.”
She squeezed his thigh again and ran her hand higher up toward his crotch.
At that moment, he wanted her.  He didn’t want to.  But so help him God, he did.

****

Night.  Crickets and cicadas caroled in tandem with the chittering of nocturnal birds as the Dog entered the Krinian home where the prisoners of the battle were housed.  He crept laconically against the earthen floor.  No soldiers.  At least, not yet.  But that was good.  The last time he here he slithered in through the back, where two soldiers were stationed.  However, this time, he entered through the front.  No need to carefully open a creaking door, as Krinians domiciles were not fashioned with such portals.
The fetid stench of unwashed bodies hung heavily in the air as he crept into the remnants of Samson’s home.  Flickering lanterns hung from the wooden beams above.
After his previous self darted into the woods, he stripped a dead soldier of their heavy armor and quickly dressed in the garb of the deceased.
There might still be time.
His younger self now scurried through the forestry surmounting the village of Krin; picking off as many king’s men as he could.
The heavy armor he wore clinked in rhythm to every precarious step he took across the softened ground.
Children sniffled and whimpered, but none cried out.  Reaching out with his senses, he denoted that none of the soldiers posted out back alerted to his presence.
Once again, that same corrosive thought burrowed into the back of his mind and festered with it the seed of doubt.
This was stupid.  Of course, it was.  He knew that.
Through the visor of his helmet he glanced around the lambently lit quarters.
Up ahead, Anne tightly gripped the cage imprisoning her as she pressed her face into the bars.  DJ lay behind her, curled in a ball upon a mound of straw and weeping softly.  Anne’s gape narrowed; teeth barred in a menacing scowl as he encroached further into the room.
“What the fuck do ye want, ye dirty bastard?” hissed Anne.
Across from her, Mia stirred in her own cage and glanced around with a capriciously darting gaze.  “Who’s that?”  she whispered.  “Who’s there?”
That traitorous bitch.
The Dog strode within feet of Anne’s cell and gazed down at her.  He needed to fully tilt his head in order to see through the heavy visor.  Of course, he could sense her, but he needed to actually see her.
Anne spat on his boots, and challenged, “Why don’t ye open this cage and we’ll have a go?”
He wanted to do the former.  But he knew in a few moments, his younger self would arrive and perform that feat for him.  No.  He was here to do one thing, and one thing only, and time remained of the essence.
Without a word, he strolled past Anne’s cage.
“That’s right,” she snarled, “Ye just walk away.”
Could she not sense it him?  Of course not.  That wasn’t Anne speaking.  It was Quinn.  He knew all about her.  But had he ever encountered her?  He couldn’t remember.  Probably in the mines before the fall of Al’ber Que.  But had that actually been Quinn, or merely a hallucination or glamour perpetrated by the Sweetie Man in an attempt to confuse him?
Approaching the cage that held Star, he crouched to his haunches and gaped at her.
Lesions and sores freckled her face like the cave-rot.  Her once luxurious curls fell upon her shoulders in thin, spidery strands.  Her emerald eyes had faded to a cataract green.
Cough.  Cough.  Hack.  Wheeze.  She expectorated blood and asked, “Who’s there?”
“A filthy mother fucker,” growled Quinn.
“Stop it, Anne,” uttered Mia.
Suppressing an instinctive growl, the Dog grasped the bars of Star’s cage and attempted to alter the timbre of his voice.  “A friend,” he replied.
Cough.  Hack.  Gasp.  “What do you want?”
“To give you something.  Something you will need.”
“Take no offerings from them,” called Anne.
Mia shivered, and said, “Please Anne, be quiet.  You’ll make them come back.”
“They’re coming back anyway,” growled Quinn. “And when they do, they’ll rip ye open wide, and each and every man will have a go at ye.”
DJ clutched tightly at himself and blubbered louder.
Star said, “Shut-up, Anne!”
Anne/Quinn grumbled and plopped down on her fanny.  The straw beneath her released an almost crunching noise.
The Dog fetched the six silver bullets from a compartment on his belt and jostled them in his gloved hand.
“What’s that?” asked Star.
“What I asked you for,” he replied.  “What I took from you a few night’s back when you thought I was someone else.”
Star gasped.  She firmly pressed a withered palm to her mouth to catch the coughs that would otherwise strafe her down.  “Is that you?  Is that really you?”
“Yes,” he replied, still masking his voice.
“But how?”
“I can’t explain it.  You just need to trust me.”  He removed a glove and caressed his claws across her knuckles that still clung to the black, iron bars.
“D--”
“Shh.  Don’t talk.  Just open your hand.”
She did.  He carefully pressed the bullets into her palm and wrapped her fingers over them.
“Put them in your pocket.”
“Then what?”
“Hide them.  You’ll be tempted to use them.  But don’t.  Not until tomorrow.”
“Wh…what happens tomorrow?”
“I can’t tell you.  But, when the time comes, you’ll know.”
She did as he bade.  Her hand trembled as she slipped the ammunition into the pocket of her pantaloons.
A tearing sensation coursed through his essence.  It pained him to look at her like that; weak, frail, when she once so strong and vibrant.  Even if he did manage to save her, what would be the point?  How long would she live even if she managed to survive the major bluffs?
He desperately yearned to advise her to take precaution.  Or inform her that Mia was literally about to stab her in the back.  But he couldn’t.  He’d changed so much already.  What repercussions would ensue if he warned her of the impending dawn?
The Dog grasped the hilt of the silver sabre, and amended, “One last thing--”
From behind, a growling incipiently arose.
“I told ye he’d come,” chuckled Anne.
The Dog pivoted.  His younger self grasped his forearm and thrust him to the side; knocking over a few cages of slaves, but the bars did not break.
What the hell?  Could he not sense himself?  Perhaps the younger Dog couldn’t sense him either.
The Dog of now rolled onto his back and wrapped his legs around the neck of his younger self.  Slobbering and growling, the younger Dog picked him up and thrashed him into the ground over and over again.  The Dog of now released his leg-hold.
“Get him!” cried Anne, as she ferociously rattled the bars of her cage.  “Kill that mother fucker!  Kill him dead!”
Star roared, “Stop it, Anne!”
The Dog of now whirled and planted his boots in the dirt.  His younger self pummeled him in the kidney, and then clenched his other fist; the one adorning his gauntlet.  Three serrated, blood-stained blades popped out.  The Dog of now juked to the side just as his younger self thrust the blades into a beam.  The older Dog kneed his younger self in the gut, and attempted to scamper away.  His previous-self grabbed his wrist and rotated his shoulder backwards.  Pop.  The Dog of now stifled a roar as his shoulder dislocated.  His younger self rammed an elbow into the wounded joint.  Ruminating on his battle with Shadeem, the Dog of now slammed his helmet-guarded head into the face of his younger self over and over again until the visor of his mask dented inward.  He reached for the silver sabre.  The younger Dog grasped his wrist, rolled on his back, and launched his feet into his abdomen.  The Dog of now sailed backward; crashing into more cages.  The prisoners wept as they shook in terror, but none cried out.  The Dog of old pounced.  The Dog of now rolled to the side as his younger self landed smartly on the ground before popping away.  He drew the sliver sabre.  His younger self barreled into him and backed him into a post.
“Stop it, Dog!” cried Star.  “He’s trying to help.”
For the utmost of brevity, he thought she speaking to him.  But she wasn’t.  She was attempting to coerce the old him.
“Get him, Dog!”  roared Anne.  “Kill that murdersome son-of-a-bitch!”
“Shut up, Anne!”
The Dog clutched to the post and reared his legs before pushing his younger self off him.  The Dog of old staggered backward.
“Stop it, you idiot,” cried the Dog of now.  “I’m trying to help you.”  He knelt, and presented his younger self with the silver sabre.  The Dog of old merely batted it away.  The weapon thudded across the ground.
Younger Dog grasped his older self (although evidently, he didn’t know it), by the neck and lurched forward; fangs exposed.  The Dog of now rocketed an elbow into the temple of his younger self.
“You dumb-ass,” said the Dog of now.  “Just take it before--”
“Drauger!”
Both Dogs ceased their battle as they turned in unison.  The Drauger and a handful of soldiers trounced in.
The Dog of old hissed as the Drauger (bearing a double-headed axe) strode forward.
The Dog of now rolled and scampered to the side.  He kicked the sabre toward his former self, and cried, “Take it, you fool!”
The king’s men closed in.
“Take it, Dog!” shouted Star as she gripped intently at the bars confining her, “Just take the damn thing!”
“Yeah!  Yeah!”  Clutching the bars of her own prison, Anne eagerly hopped up and down.
The Dog of now darted out the back as the Drauger and his myrmidon plodded toward his younger self.
Shouts.  Screams.  Skirls.  Foible and forte danced askance and askew.
Gasping, the Dog of now stumbled onward.
Shit.  He’d forgotten how ruthless he used to be.  Had he grown so soft?
He stopped.  Reached his distended arm out, and then popped it back into its socket as an arch of pain riveted across his shoulder and down his spine.
Fuck, that hurt.
Yells.  Roars.  The pounding of armored boots approached.
The Dog glissaded into the nearby trees.
Had he done it?  Had he set things right?  Only time would tell.

****

“Are you alright, sir?” asked a peace officer clad in thick, white leather and heavy helmet.
“To be sure,” replied Troll.
But he wasn’t alright.  He didn’t know if he’d ever be again.
After his elucidating conversation with the Wraith (aka:  Joshua King), he’d been left in isolation.
For how long?  He kneweth not.
After a time, six men dressed as peace officers entered the darkened room.
He now understood this was what the king’s men of this world looked like.  But even among the faithful, there still remained turn-coats; like Jeffery Jessip.  Perhaps he’d been too hostile at the man that not only freed him from the hospital, but also tried to help him at every turn.
Of course, Jeffery infatuated with his love.  Who wouldn’t be?  Should he really have held that against him?  Probably not.
Troll didn’t have many friends in this world.  And he could ill-afford to forsake one now.
Heart beating an arrhythmic cadence; a tingling sensation coursed up and down his left arm and bore into his shoulder like a worm eating its way into a rotten apple.  He patted at his pockets.
“This way, sir,” said another masked peace officer.
He was being escorted through the magnificent, marbled threshold of Kingdom Inc.
Physically, he allowed to leave unscathed; though he remised to deny the burden infiltrating his soul.
“What’s wrong, sir?” asked another.
Heart heavy, breath weak; Troll gasped, “Nothing.  Just looking for--”
But he didn’t know how to finish that thought.  He well aware of what he needed to set him right, but he hard-pressed to recollect what they were called.
A peace officer rattled a bottle of pills, and asked, “Is this what you’re looking for?”
“Aye.”  Troll clutched at his throbbing breast, and amended, “Quite right.”
“All personal belongings will be returned upon your departure.”
He didn’t know why.  But something about the word “departure” sent an indescribable notion of unease plummeting into his bowels.
They passed the front desk and into the main lobby.  Cream-colored marbled floors and pillars greeted him like the gates into eternity.
Large windows displayed the panoramic streets outside.  A long cylindrical staircase descended from above.  As he glanced at it, his ruminations immediately turned to that of Al’ber Que, and the stone-fashioned steps that led to the Sultan’s chambers.
God, how could he have been so blind?
“Who’s that?” asked a voice from above.
T’was a voice he knew, but at the same time, didn’t recognize.
He gazed heavenward.
A man and woman descended from an upper flight of stairs.
It couldn’t be.  But it was.  And his heart pounded ever more heavily within his chest.
Hand-in-hand, Joshua King and a glamorous young woman plodded down the steps.  The reverberations of her high-heels bounced off the hollow walls.
Joshua wore a black dinner jacket over a black cotton shirt.  His pants, also black.  His shoes polished to almost a mirror-like sheen.
The woman wore a red dress that accentuated her hour-glass curves.  Her long, dark hair cascaded over her lithe shoulders and back.
Troll uttered, “Anne, tell me it cannot be.  Please, God, tell me it cannot be.”
The woman stopped and gazed down upon him.
“Do you know him?” asked Joshua.
Biting her pouty, bottom lip, she said, “I…no.  I don’t think so.  He just looks slightly familiar.  As if I saw him somewhere else.”
Joshua lightly wrapped his arms around her waist and whispered something into her ear.  She giggled as she swept the hair back from the side of her face.
Dear Lord, it could not possibly be.
He gawked up at them as they continued down the stairs; as lovers might.
Joshua called down, “Are you gentlemen through with our guest?”
“Yes, sir,” replied a peace officer.
“Thank you.  Would you kindly escort our visitor out?”
“Not a problem,” another responded.
The woman gazed down at him again.  Their eyes locked.  No mistaking.  Anne.  But how?  Why?  To what end?
Desperately, he wanted to call out to her; to say something that would make her understand and remember who she was.  Something, anything that would cause her to turn away from Joshua and join him in his fight.
He opened his mouth.  His lips moved but his tongue felt dry and listless as cordwood.
There remained nothing he could say.  No way to convince her.  Because that wasn’t his Anne.  This one had already been taken.  And no amount of prayer or hope would possibly remedy that.
Joshua asked, “Can I assist you further?”
So many things he wanted to say.  But he couldn’t.
“Gentlemen, please,” Joshua proffered a palm to his men, “Don’t make me ask you twice.”  He squeezed Anne’s waist.
She giggled in a coquettish way that Troll had never heard before.  The incessant pounding in his chest throbbed ever more as he clutched at his pectorals.
A peace officer lightly gripped his massive shoulder, and said, “Come on sir, time to go.”
A more solemn and somber truth had hardly ever been uttered.

****

Eyes closed, elongated ears twitching at every sound, the Dog of now perched within the upper most branches of a tall-standing spruce.  The briny breeze ruffled leaves against his furry skin.  But he paid no mind.  He had other things to attend to.
Utilizing the silver sabre, his former-self vanquished the Drauger and freed the prisoners just as he’d done before.  Unfortunately, just as he’d done before, his younger self left the armament behind.
That fucking dolt.
How much clearer did he need to be?
Reaching out with his senses, he “watched” as the children made their exodus into the woods as king’s men made ready for an impending attack that only he (and possibly the Wraith, knew would be thwarted within minutes).  But did that really matter?  He fixed things, right?  All that remained left to do awaited him upon the major bluffs during dawn.
So, why could he not shake the sinking sensation that all would still be lost; that he’d failed miserably?
A rustling emanated in the shrubs below.  The pounding of armored boots skittered this way and that.
Mia gripped Star’s hand, and whispered, “Looks like we’re clear.”
That bitch.  Would he really let her stab Star in the back…again?  Perhaps he had to.  He’d already come this far.
Mia added. “I hope those kids manage to get away.”
Yeah, right.
Cough.  Hack.  Wheeze.  Star muttered, “So much for the diversion, though.”
He sensed the toxic pungency of death seeping out of every pore of Star’s body.  Even if this worked, how was he supposed to actually save her?
Mia took Star’s arm; leading her by the elbow.  “C’mon, let’s go.  Try to stay low.”  Together, they slunk into the dense, dim forestry.
Off in the distance, the Dog heard the wails of prisoners being massacred.  Growling lowly, he steadied his nerves.  But he couldn’t let this happen again.  He just couldn’t.  He wouldn’t.  Despite what events might transpire, he needed to protect Star.  He had to.
Cough.  Cough.  Hack.  Star wiped the blood from her chapped lips, and said, “It should be me back there fighting the Drauger.”
A wicked smile adorning her thin, porcelain face, Mia asked, “What is that thing?”
You fucking know what that thing was.
The Dog growled as his vision blossomed into an iridescent, golden hue.
Steady.
With all the fortitude he could muster, the Dog eased the anger percolating within him.
Star whispered, “I don’t know, but it used to be Shroud.”
“Seriously?” whispered Mia.
Shuddering with rage, Star croaked, “I had him.  At the battle of Al’ber Que.  Left him dying in the sands with his throat ripped out.  I should have finished him off when I had the chance.”
“Like Fedic?” asked Mia.
“Yeah, I had--”
“Shh!”  Mia dropped to the ground and enshrouded in shrubbery as the plodding of feet rushed past.  Star followed suit.  But not the Dog.  Oh, no.  He couldn’t.
He knew Mia, Annola, the Mistress of the Trees, would meet her demise tomorrow upon the major bluffs, but tonight, he could not let her win.
There remained an addictive property to the idea that one could change the past; like throwing stones in a river.  He’d changed so much already.  Why couldn’t he change this and still maintain the flow of future events?
At that moment, he thought of no reason why he couldn’t.
Steelthily and silently, he drew and knocked his bow.  He aimed at Mia’s forehead.  And even though the idea tantalized him, he knew he couldn’t end her yet.  She still had a part to play.  And her purpose had not yet been served.
Below, Star and Mia continued their whisperings.
Star said, “I heard about you and the gang taking Fedic aside under the mountains.”
A malevolent sneer spread across Mia’s lips as she silently drew serrated steel from her boot.
Star continued, “You meant to kill him.  And now you’re kicking yourself for not taking him out when we had so many chances.”
Mia raised the blade over Star’s shoulder.  Then, obviously, she thought better of it.  That wasn’t where she stabbed Star before.
The Dog waited.  At that moment, he didn’t care how this would end, or what Troll would say.  He would not allow this to happen again.  Not ever.  Not after all that transpired over the mountains.  Their arduous voyage would not be all for not.  And Mia…that bitch was dead.  She just didn’t know it yet.
Mia’s voice dropped to a sinister octave only perceivable to the Dog.  Blade, inches from Star’s backside, she said, “Actually--”
Twang
The arrow sailed through the air and impaled Mia in her chest.  “Arrgh!”
“Mia?”  Star blindly pivoted, “Mia, what’s wrong?”
For the utmost of brevity, Mia shifted from the porcelain adolescent to her true form; the squamous, purplish hag from Silverdale.
Of course, Star too blind to see it.
Star leaned over her, and pressed a hand into the blood seeping from Mia’s chest wound.
“Are you okay?” asked Star.
Gurgling, Mia replied, “Th…those mother fucker sh…shot…m…me.”
“Shh, shhh,” you need to be quiet.
“I can’t!  It fucking hurts!”
Star swept her thinning locks from her forehead, and said, “I know it does.  But you need to be strong, and shut the hell up.”
“Uh…Ugghhhh!”  Mia gurgled and coughed; expectorating dark crimson.
All around, children shrieked and ran as soldiers gave chase.
Well, this wasn’t exactly the way things originally transpired, but it close enough.  And the Dog would be damned if he let Mia/Annola harm Star again.
Mia cried and moaned.
“Shut up!” hissed Star.
The Dog could only watch to see what secrets his actions would coalesce into history.
Black armored soldiers marched upon Star and Mia huddled in the brush.
The Dog knocked another arrow but refrained from loosing it.
Stop!  Stop trying to change everything.
Troll’s voice roared within the hollows of his mind.
Not everything nefarious that transpires is inherently bad.
That was true.  Of course, it was.  He knew it.  If nothing bad ever happened to Star as a child, then neither he nor Troll would have met her as an adult.  If Silverdale had never fallen under the heel of the King, then they never would have arrived at Al’ber Que.  If Anne had never been taken, then he never would have found Byron.
Everything happens for a reason.  Even if thee don’t yet know the point of it.
Rather than loosing the arrow, the Dog slackened his grip; and watched as the soldiers beat Star to a bloody pulp.

****

“Where are we?” asked Mary-Anne.
“Where Troll is supposed to meet us,” replied Jeffery.
Night.  The orange halo of streetlights buzzed their electrical hum.  They stood in a courtyard downtown and miles away from Grammercy Park.  Three tall, brick buildings boxed them in, as if monolithic sentinels.  Some lights still blazed from the windows encompassing them, but most were snuffed out after the close of the day’s businesses.
Crowning the center of the concrete courtyard stood a fountain with three turtles.  Each reptile stood on the shell of the larger animal beneath it.  The monument was almost an exact replica of the one in Grammercy Park, only on a smaller scale.
The flowing, bubbling sounds of the pipe-fed waters made her want to urinate; either that, or it just nerves getting the better of her.
After being approached by Peace Officer Nasser, Mary-Anne quickly scrubbed up and sanitized her hands before fetching her personal items.  She left the sample still spinning in the centrifuge like laundry whirling inside a dryer.  She’d be back to check the results later, as Officer Nasser assured her this wouldn’t take long.
He escorted her out of the hospital as she said goodnight to the orderlies still on duty.
Once outside, a sleek Cadillac CT6V idled at the curb as the cool autumn breezed caressed her cheek like a lover with frigid, velvety hands.
Officer Naseer held open the rear passenger door and gestured for her to sit.  The black leather interior squelched as she slid into the vehicle almost with the grace of a ballet dancer stretching before a performance.
A Peace Officer whom she didn’t recognize sat behind the wheel.  His helmet off; exposing his cropped reddish-hair and freckled face.  He couldn’t have been more than twenty.
Officer Nasser carefully closed her door before opening his and plopped into the passenger seat.  “Dr. Mary-Anne Starkey, this is my partner, Officer Stuart Lynskey.”
“Please to meet you, ma’am,” said Officer Lynskey, as he offered a slight nod via the rear-view mirror.
“Like-wise,” she replied, settling into the posh, black leather cushion.
They peeled out and cruised down 4th Street.
Mary-Anne cleared her throat.  For a moment her esophagus felt dry and prickly and she wondered if she accidently exposed to the mysterious virus currently violating its way through the denizens of New York.  “You said we weren’t going to Grammercy Park, right?”
“That’s correct,” replied Officer Naseer.
“Okay, so where are we going?”
Naseer glanced back at her, grinned, and said, “You don’t have to talk if you don’t want to.”
“I want to know where we’re going?”
Officer Lynskey glimpsed at her through the rear-view once more with hazel-green gape, and said, “Ma’am, even we don’t know where you’re going.”
A small spitfire kindled within her bosom.
“Then how do you expect to take me there?”
Officer Lynskey opened his mouth to answer.  Instead, Officer Nasser responded for him, “Officer Jessip gave me explicit directions.  To me, and me alone.”
“Mm-hmm,” proffered Mary-Anne.
They traveled for another forty minutes (mainly due to the congested downtown traffic), before Officer Lynskey pulled into a narrow alleyway.
She remained quiet and contemplative the rest of the voyage as she gazed at the passing neon lights and shuffling pedestrians through the tinted glass.  She didn’t feel on-edge, just anxious.  But she hard-pressed to put a finger on exactly why.  These men were Peace Officers, and they were taking her to see Jeffery and Troll.  Why should she feel such trepidation?
The Alley opened, exposing a concrete courtyard surrounded by three buildings.
Officer Nasser popped out as Officer Lynskey pulled up behind a black Cadillac CTX and put the vehicle in park.  Nasser opened her door and held his gloved hand out to her.  She didn’t take it.
Side-by-side, the three strode up a small inclination of cement stairs towards the fountain that bubbled and purled.
Six other Peace Officers awaited them as they approached the stone monument.
Suddenly, this felt less like a welcome wagon and more like an ambush.
Four of the Officers all wore the same white-leather uniforms and helmets that shielded their facial features.  Another was a shapely woman who also donned a Peace Officers garments, although hers a shiny black.  Her helmet also concealed her face.  The final, of course, was Jeffery.  And although he also dressed in the ornately white garbs of his fellow officers, he wore no helmet; in fact, he didn’t even have one with him.
Mary-Anne trounced toward him as her lab coat swished in tandem with her hips.  “Jeffery, what’s going on?  Why are we here?  Who are these people?”
Jeffery smiled.
Although, to her it seemed forced.
He held out his gloved palms, as if bidding her to halt, and said, “It’s okay.”
“Alright, so tell me what the hell is going on.”
“Sure,” he combed his fingers through his greasy hair.
Maybe just the dim lighting, but to her it appeared he hadn’t bathed in days.  Also, she could have sworn she noticed a subtle trembling of his hand.
He continued, “Those buildings are apartments.  Except for the one at the far end of the courtyard.  That’s an office building.  Not exactly sure what they do there.  But this entire block is owned by Kingdom Inc.  One of the original neighborhoods rebuilt and refurbished after the fall of the 21st century.”
Arms crossed, foot tapping an impatient cadence, Mary-Anne said “That’s a great history lesson.  So, who the hell are these guys?”
His grin widened, gape darting, he replied, “They’re my friends.”
Okay, now she knew he was lying.  But why?
“Easy, Dr. Starkey,” proffered Officer Nasser.
“No, don’t tell me to take it easy.”  The words seemed to slip from her lips in a venomous snarl.  “I wanna know just what in the fuck is going on, and I want to know right now.”
The buxom woman in tight, black leather and heavy helmet said, “We are here to greet your friends upon their return.”
Her voice muffled under the mask, but Mary-Anne could have sworn she recognized it from somewhere.
Mary-Anne stuttered, “Friends, what friends?  And where are they returning from?”
The words sounded stupid as they escaped her mouth and she nearly winced despite of it, but managed to retain her composure.
“Don’t worry,” replied the woman in black, “This mission is completely clandestine.  No one will interfere,”
What the fuck did that mean?
She stepped toward Mary-Anne.  Her high-heels clicked off the concrete.  She asked, “Are you familiar with the term, Lay Line?”
Mary-Anne shuddered.  She wasn’t cold.  She just experienced a chill coursing through her entire frame.
The woman continued, “Perhaps you’ve heard of them as Rose Lines.”
“Yeah,” she uttered.  But that wasn’t completely true.  She’d heard that expression before.  She just couldn’t recollect from where or what it meant.
As if reading her thoughts, the woman in black continued, “They are invisible lines that connect points of geo-magnetic energy fields.  Some say they imaginary.  Others, older, more wiser peoples, built monuments and temples upon the intersections of these lines.  These lines were what originally established coordinates that we in today think of terms of longitude and latitude.  But not all Lay Lines are horizontal or vertical.  Some of the more ancient, powerful lines spread diagonally across the globe.”
“O…kay…”
 “Some believe the latter to be doorways into other realms.  Other worlds.”
Mary-Anne gulped.  “I…I don’t get it.  What are you trying to tell me?”  But she did get it.  She fully understood what the woman in black told her.  She just didn’t want to.
The woman in black, held out her lithe hand, and said, “Gentlemen, shall we?”
She knew that voice.  She knew she knew that voice.  But from where?
The woman sashayed down the stairs as Jeffery and Officer Nasser followed her saucy gait like two obedient puppies.
“Wait.  Jeffery, wait.  Where are you going?”
He swept the oily strands of hair from the side of his face, but he didn’t dare look at her.
Instead, the woman spoke.  “Officers Jessip and Nasser have other business to attend to.  But, don’t fret, my dear, my men will look take care of you and your friends.”
“What am I supposed to do, now?” called Mary-Anne.
Jeffery replied, “Just wait, it won’t be long now.”
She watched them trod down the steps as shadows in the lambent, orangish light.  She glanced around.  The four remaining Peace Officers’ posture settled at ease, as if they relieved by the woman in black’s departure.
Where did she know that voice from?  Who was it?  She knew she recognized it from somewhere.
Mary-Anne peered up at the gurgling fountain.
Just wait, it won’t be long now.
What the hell was she waiting for?

****

Clutching her hand as if it the remaining tangible tether to this monstrous world, DJ asked, “What are we doing here, Madiriiette?”
Anne snarled, “I told you, don’t call me that.  Ever.  My name is Anne.”
Gulping, almond-shaped brown-eyes boggling in terror, he replied, “And yet, I know you go by another.”
Was he talking about Quinn?  Of course, he was.  She didn’t care.  She just relieved that he still wanted to be her friend after finding out what she did to his sister, Tiiadii.  But then again, these days, friendship a luxury many could ill afford, and even harder to part with once established, no matter the cost.
After the Dog tussled with a soldier merely attempting to give him and Star weapons (what was that about?  Another lone turn-coat?  What would be the point of that?), and the slaying of the Drauger, and then the Dog freeing them all; the Dog advised the children to run around haphazardly as a distraction while he and Star attempted to free Troll.
Lot of good that would do.  Star remained blind, and the Dog nearly on the verge of carrying her.  Plus, Anne already knew how this would end.  She’d already red it.  She tried to warn Troll.
How did that go for ya? Quinn taunted in the back of her mind.  That nefarious bitch was always lingering around somewhere within her brains.  She just managed to suppress it after their exodus from the mines.  But now, Quinn’s idiosyncratic personality began to seep through once more, like a rugged cloth attempting to damn a deluge.
Soldiers charged this way and that in a fleeting attempting to thwart the melee.  Krinian and surviving exiled children capriciously scampered about.
Let ‘em, sneered Quinn.
“Shut up,” hissed Anne.
Peering up at her with big, brown-eyes, DJ whimpered, “What?”
“Nothing.  Never mind.”
Anne patted the corpses of fallen soldiers, not because she wanted to.  But because Quinn told her to.  The other voice within her searched for something.  She curious to find out exactly what.
“What are you doing?” uttered DJ.  His gape darting sharply about.
Nothing.  At least, nothing useful.
She advanced to the next fallen king’s man.
“Anne, Anne, come on,” he tugged at the sleeve of the Dog’s faded, olive-green jacket she wore, and added. “We have to go.”
“Silence, you welp!”  That wasn’t her voice.  She cringed at the very sound of it.  Exhaling a long gale, she said, “I’m sorry, DJ.  Truly.”  She wrapped her arms around him.  He fidgeted for a moment, but she merely embraced him tighter.  His muscles relaxed as he sobbed into her shoulder.  “Come on,” she said, “Help me look.”
She continued rooting around blindly amidst the dead soldiers’ armor.
“Look for what?”
A-ha.  There tucked into the waistband of a dead marked-man, she found what she sought.
“For this,” she whispered.
She held the blade that had once been given to her by the Dog (and then taken away after the invasion) up to the moonlight as it glinted in the pale.
Run him through.
With all her might, she forced that thought away.
“What is that?”
“Good steel,” she replied, smiling reminiscently.
She grabbed his hand and led him off into the woods.  But they failed to delve deep into the forestry as the other children did.  Instead, she guided him through the trees and back toward the outskirts of town, and back to Star’s childhood home.
“What are we doing here?” he asked.  “We should be hiding with the others.”
“We need to get something else.”
Fingers interlaced in a tight grasp they crept laconically into the domicile and across the earthen floor.
She glanced blindly around the gloom, but she couldn’t see anything.  No matter, she’d survived darker environments before.  Instinctually, Quinn took over.
Quivering, DJ whimpered.
In utter disgust, she discarded her hand and traipsed further into the bleak.
“Anne, Anne, don’t leave me.  Please.”
“Shut your filthy hole ya sniveling sow.”  Her clenched teeth grinded so viciously she thought they would shatter.  Quinn desperately hoped they would.
She dashed into the deep and thrashed fixtures and furnishings out of the way.  “Where is it?  Where the fuck is it?”  Her pupils dilated and she saw everything with perfect clarity.
DJ stood in doorway; shivering.
She sensed the intoxicating aroma of urine as DJ no-doubt wet himself.
That useless pussy.  Let’s be rid of him.
Shut up!
No, you shut up, little girl.
Anne stomped into the bedroom and roared.  She pushed the bed over and it toppled into the side of the hut.  Part of the branch and straw laden roof collapsed as moonlight beamed from above.  Hissing, she draped an arm over her oculars as she recoiled against the faint starlight beaming down from above.
There, ensconced in lunar rays was what she sought.
Take it.
No.  I don’t want it.
Take it, you stupid bitch!
Wearily she wrapped her hands upon the sacred texts of the Nou’heim-Du’tawa.  The cursed tomes she incessantly attempted to cajole Troll into reading.
But he wouldn’t.
Because he’s a fool.
Now, take the damn things.
She didn’t want to.  But she did.  The pull was momentous; like the book that held Star captive in the Mo-Tave desert.  Whatever this object was, whoever had written it, one thing remained absurdly clear – it was alive.
Snap
A twig broke under heel.
Instinct (with a bit of help from Quinn) took over.  She crouched; pivoting on her hips.  She snarled as the Dog might.  She fetched the Dog’s dagger stuffed within her belt and snatched the intruder by their throat.  But it wasn’t a king’s man or Hellion.  It was DJ.  Fat tears streamed down his cheeks as his wide gape assessed her with the same horror that Tiiadii did right before—
Stop!
Shuddering, she opened her eyes.  But she didn’t see DJ.  Instead, the visage before her was that of Mikhail/Diamond, although she’d never met them.
In her mind’s eye she witnessed Star sitting cross-legged in the sands with the book spread-eagle in her lap.
Fucking stop!
Something had changed within Star over the years.  Something that made her compassionate, forgiving, understanding; she met Troll and the Dog and finally allowed love to enter her heart.
Her muscles slackened as she released DJ.
“I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry,” she sobbed as she wrapped her arms around him just as she did with the Dog after pummeling him with a stone all those years ago.  “I’m so sorry…for everything.”
“I…it’s okay.”
“No.  It’s not okay.  It’s never going to be okay.”
DJ caressed her cheek with cusp of his hand.  He gazed into her eyes, and said, “Yes it will.  One day, it will all be all.”
Kill him.  Kill that little—
He kissed her.  T’was a small peck on the lips, but still her first kiss, none-the-less.  And for some inexplicable reason, it quelled the phantom running rampant in her head.
He asked, “Did you get it?”
“Yeah,” she replied, suddenly realizing tears streamed down her face.  “I got it.”  She patted the texts resting in her lap.  She expected to hear some sort of distorted voice within her mind; implanting nefarious thoughts within her.  That didn’t happen.
“So, can we go now?”
“No,” she replied.  “There’s still one more thing we’ve left to do.”

****

Anne asked, “So, are you going to tell me who that was?”
Joshua sat across from her at his private table in a backroom of Le Maison Noir.  She’d been rather infuriated him ever since is disclosure of the machine and its link to the mysterious virus currently surging its way through the city.  Of course, that slightly mitigated by transforming the lab into a studio for her.  But she wasn’t even pleased by that gesture.  Of course, she wouldn’t.  How could she be?
After taking his leave, Anne spent the afternoon quietly assessing the interior of her new work-space, and even laid down a couple of tracks.  The music seemed to pour effortlessly from her, as if she’d been writing it in her head for some time.  She hadn’t.
He also knew that, because he observed her every move from the shadows without her realizing it.
When he returned later that evening (after his “discussion” with Troll), her foul temperament abated some.
She asked if she could enlist her assistant from her current facility down in midtown into the fold and even bring in performers to record.
“I don’t know,” he said after much hesitation.  “Anyone who enters the building will need to be tested to ensure they aren’t infected.”
“Can that be done?”
“Assuredly,” he said with a smile.
Of course, that was purely for her benefit.  He would entertain any wish her heart desired until the time was right.
She sipped from her wine glass.  Her ruby-glossed lips made a sort of smacking sound.  “You didn’t answer my question.”
He blotted his own lips with a black, silken napkin, and asked, “I’m sorry.  I was somewhere else just then.”
She sighed, brushed back her hair, and said, “You’re always somewhere else.  Like, you’ve got stuff on your mind that you don’t want to talk about.”
“I always have other things on my mind.  I apologize for that.  But you can ask me anything you want.”
“Who was that guy back at Kingdom, Inc?”
“What guy?”
“You know, the guy in denim overalls and flannel shirt.  Looked like he was Paul Bunnan’s grandpa.”
“Nice reference.”
“So…”
“He’s nobody.”
“He didn’t look like a nobody.”
As they descended down the steps and out the door toward their vehicle awaiting them, Anne glanced back several times; biting her bottom lip.
She did recognize him.  Joshua knew she did.  He also knew she hadn’t been able to place where she knew him from yet.  Perhaps, she never would.  That however, would prove most disappointing.  In any event, even if she did remember Troll, by then it would be too late.
“Look,” she said, peering into his eyes, “You told me to trust you.  And I want to.  I really do.  But you need to be honest with me.”
“I know.  And I understand how upset you were the last time I brutally honest.”
“I know.  And I know you’re trying too.  So just tell me the truth.  Who was that?”
“Very well.  That Gentlemen’s name was David.  He’s like you.  Someone I want to work for me.”
“Really?  He seemed kinda old.  What could he possibly do for you?”
Smiling, he said, “I pride myself for having an eye for gifted people.  And surely you would agree that age is no precursor for intellect or talent.”
After a terse moment of silence, she resumed eating.  As did he.
There, in the dim light, with her raven-colored hair, crimson lips, and sleek dress, she reminded him of his sister Lilith.  And that only aroused him further.
He asked, “Have you considered my offer?”
Blushing, she replied, “I still don’t understand why.”
“I want you to help me.  To stand by me.  Work with me as I and my team attempt to thwart this plague.”
“I’m sure there are plenty of people who could help you do that.”
“Perhaps, but I’m not asking them.  I’m asking you.”
She gently rested the knife and fork on the porcelain plate.  A slight audible clink resounded.  She batted her long eyelashes and coyly gazed up at him.  She opened her mouth to reply.
He continued, “What I’m trying to say, is that I want you Anne.  In no uncertain terms.  I want you.  And I know you want me to.”
He had her.  He knew it.  It took every ounce of restraint to refrain from erupting in a wicked cackle.
Slowly, she slid her arm across the table and ran the soft blades of her fingers across his knuckles.
Yes, he had her.  But that wasn’t enough.  Not yet, but soon, he would take her mind, body, and soul.
“Okay,” she said.  “What do you want me to do?”

****

Clutching a metal railing, Troll hobbled down the stone steps and away from Kingdom, Inc.
God, he missed his staff.  And his other personal effects.  How much longer would he need to don a disguise to blend in this world?
His heart still raced like galloping hooves, hands shaking, body trembling in cold sweats.
As good as their word, once he left the building, the king’s man returned the bottle of Nitro pills.  Immediately upon exiting, he popped two in his mouth as the cool autumn breeze arose.  It seemed to settle his rattled nerves, if only briefly.
Cautiously he ambled down the steps.  A bolt of pain burst through his chest and surged down his left arm.  His knees wobbled.  Dark splotches incipiently formed in his vision as he tumbled down to the side walk.
Was this it?  The end?  His demise?
Panting, sweating profusely, he clutched to the cold, moist concrete to keep from rolling into the street.  He’d endured a collision with one of the motorized carriages of this realm.  Though surely, he would not survive another.
Gasping, he ran a tremulous hand through his hair and glanced up.
No traffic.  That’s weird.  He’d never seen these streets empty before.  Perhaps this another illusion perpetrated by the Wraith.
Relishing the silence (preternatural or not), he hugged the sidewalk as the coldness eased the pounding in his temples and his heartbeat settled.  He lay there a long time.  An eternity perhaps; as he faded in and out of consciousness.
I want to play a game.  And the name of the game is…torture.
An electrical hum roused him.  For some reason he envisioned swarms of black flies circling the black tanker that transported the survivors of Silverdale into the Mo’Tave desert.  Of course, he’d never experienced that himself.  Somehow, the thought just sort of oozed into his mental plane.
Ahead, orangish street lights flickered violently and then went out.  He was left alone in the dark.  Not even the glimmering fluorescents from the surmounting buildings dared penetrate the dim.
He felt just as he did eons ago within the void of the house master.
T’is a trick, chirped Anne’s voice within the back of his mind.
Oh, Anne.  What happened to thee?  Where did ye go after the siege?
A brusque laughter bloomed from all around him.  The fluttering of veiny, leathery wings.
Troll peered across the street.  But he couldn’t see the other side.
Street lights flickered their deranged halo.  Something.  No.  Not something.  Things slithered in the shadows.  They chittered like laughing bats.
His heart skipped a painfully arrhythmic beat.  He briefly considered taking another pill before thinking better of it.  Who knew when and where he’d be able to acquire more should he run out?
Across the way, the phantoms slunk out of the darkness and appeared to converge; as if morphing into some amorphous shadowy figure.
For a moment, he thought it the Wraith.  But that wasn’t true.  He didn’t experience the tingly-static-like sensation he had so many times before.  Furthermore, the Wraith remained otherwise preoccupied seducing this world’s Anne (and God only knew what else).  No.  This was something different.  Something darker, more nefarious.  This was something just for him.
The creatures melded into a solitary figure.  A wispy hooded eidolon that plodded toward him.  Not float, as the Wraith might.  This entity actually walked toward him.  The slight sounded of bare feet plodding across concrete violated the silence like an invasive tumor.
Troll rose to his knees.  The joints popped like archaic, wooden joists.
“Who are thee?”
The phantom replied in a cacophony of childish giggles and adolescent voices.
This is six
This is three
This is five
This is four
This is two
We are the ones who dwell within.  We are one.
“I am in no mood for games, demon.  Tell me th’oust name.”
Why?
So, you can exorcise me with propriety?
No fair.  No fair.
Heart beating wildly, Troll clutched his chest, and snarled, “What do ye want?”
We are the ones who dwell within
We are here for you
We are your doom
This is five
This is four
This is two
This is three
This is six
We are one
“No.  Ye are unholy abominations.  Ye are cowards is what ye are.  Now take off that hood and reveal thine face to me.”
The street lights flickered again.  Thunder clapped ominously from above.
The figure outstretched a pallid, elongated hand from the depths of its billowing cloak.
This figure; this monster, a Hellion to be sure.  But which one?  He had no knowledge of the infernal creature looming over him.
Head swimmy; dark splotches materialized within his vision again.  His heart raced so fast he thought any moment the vital organ would burst from his chest cavity.
We are the ones who dwell within
We are one
We are…Legion
The thunder boomed again.  This street lights slowly brightened with that infectious electrical buzz.
The apparition removed its hood and revealed itself to Troll, and Troll alone.
That white, pellucid face.  Those deep, penetrating eyes.  That shabby, ragged red-hair and beard.  He wasn’t supposed to come back.  Anne told him they’d never come back.
Clutching tighter to his breast, Troll gasped, “Dear God, no.  Say it not so.”
In one solid voice, the Hellion said, “Hi, Troll.  We’ve been waiting for you.”
And then Troll fainted.

****

Jeffery sat stiff and statuesque within the plush, leather seat in the back of the Cadillac SRX.
Lilith removed her helmet and cast it to the floor as if sickened by it.  No-doubt she detested hiding her gorgeous features under some rouse.  Of course, Fedic sat behind the wheel; driving them to…well, that was the thing.  Jeffery didn’t know where they were headed.  But one thing remained crystalline clear:  He was in Hell.
He’d betrayed his friends and the woman he loved.  And for what?  He didn’t know.  Only, at the time, he unable to refrain from doing Lilith King’s bidding.  Like he under some sort of enchantment.  Now, that glamorous sparkle faded and he left stewing in the mire of his own doubt and regret; perched upon metaphorical pins and needles.
Lilith gripped his knee, and sensuously ran her hand up and down his thigh.  “I think that went rather well, don’t you?”
Did he?  Did he even care anymore?
“Relax,” she continued, “I sense your trepidation.”  She leaned over and whispered seductively into his ear.  Her lips lightly pressed against his lobe.  “You still have more to lose.  A lot more.  So, just be a good doggy and this will all be over soon.”
His phallus became partially erect.  He didn’t want it to.  He couldn’t help it.
Stroking his crotch, she exhaled, and said, “And so quick to excite.  I like it.”
Did this woman really like anything?  He wasn’t sure it even in her constitution to enjoy…well, anything, really.
What had he done?  He was supposed to be the good guy.  A solider, a detective, an officer of the peace.  Now he a murderous traitor.  If there existed a definition for the self-loathing he experienced, he didn’t know it.
Eyes shimmering a pulsating blue, Fedic glanced back at them from the rearview and said, “I still think we should be there for the arrival.”
Lilith released a coquettish chuckle.  Her buxom breasts heaved within the dark, black leather clutching to her frame.  “I’m sorry, my dear,” she soothed, “I must have missed the memo my brother sent where it stated you were being paid to think.”
“I’m not getting paid,” sneered Fedic.  The glowing within his gape turned rapidly violent; almost tortuous.  “I was promised to ascend.”
Pouting her luscious lips, Lilith replied, “And all promises shall be kept.  I assure you.  We just need to maintain the current course of events.”  She nibbled at Jeffery’s earlobe.
He nearly ejaculated in his pants.
“For now,” she amended.
He couldn’t stop starring at Fedic’s shimmering glare within the reflective glass of the mirror.
“Don’t worry, baby.  He just likes to watch.”  She slid her hand down the front of his pants.  It felt good; but also, cold.  As if being turned on by a living corpse.
Was that what she truly was?
Slowly, she stroked his privates.  He moaned in pleasure.  He didn’t want to.  He hated her and Fedic.  But he couldn’t help it.  He also couldn’t shake how much Fedic leering at them aroused him.  He despised them all.  Yet, at the same time, he wanted her.  He always wanted her.  At that moment he wanted her more than he ever desired Mary-Anne.  The feeling disgusted him like pill-bugs rolling amidst his intestines.
She pulled his erect member out of his leather pants.
“You were such a good little doggy,” she softly cooed.  “Does doggy want a treat?”
“Uh..,”
She gently kissed the side of his neck, and repeated, “Does the little doggy want his reward?”
Fuck no.  He wanted to kill Fedic and this evil bitch and go back and save his friends.  But her stroking him more vigorously coupled with her heavy breathing within his ear felt too good.  And when he opened his mouth to shout his refusal from the top of his lungs, all he managed to utter was, “Yes, please.”
“Good boy.” She said, caressing her hands through his hair.  “That’s a real good boy.”
“It won’t hurt, will it?  You aren’t gonna mark me?”
An odd thought.  He didn’t know why he said it.  The words just seemed to seep from his lips.
All the while, Fedic leered at them with shimmering, gray eyes as his smile widened to a maniacal magnitude.
“Yes,” she cooed, “You will be marked.  But don’t worry, baby.  No one will ever see it.”
Then she reared back.  Her teeth elongated.  Her eyes cast a glimmering crimson hue.  She lurched forward and sank her fangs into his extended manhood.
Muscles tensed, he cringed at first.  But only at first.  As he felt the sensation of blood siphoning from his body only one thought echoed through his mind.
I love this.

****

“The time has come.  Gaze upon the face of your true enemy.”  The Wraith grabbed its hood and pulled it off.  The shadowy cloak dissipated, leaving a man standing where the Wraith had been.
Troll gasped, “Oh, my God.”
Urgency filling her voice, Star asked, “What is it?  Who is it?”
Shrouded behind a pillar of shrubs and thickets, Anne and DJ watched the events unfold just as she knew they would.  But could she do anything about it?  Probably not considering neither Troll or Star bothered reading the Nou’heim-Du’tawa, which was now safely nestled within the confines of her knapsack.
After the trio’s torture, Anne led DJ as they followed the funeral march through the woods and into the marsh.
The Wraith wafted a talon in the misty air.  A deep groaning churned as roots shifted in mud and muck; the trees parted, creating an aisle.  Rocks emerged from the murky, bubbling waters and formed a stone staircase.
The Wraith drifted through the air as if nothing more than a wisp of smoke.  Behind him, Troll carried Star in his arms as best he could manage up the slippery incline.  Behind them, Fedic, The Dog, and Furion.  The Dog, enfettered in chain, frog-hopped until they reached the dew-slick slopes of the major bluffs.  Then Fedic and Furion had to drag him the rest of the way.
Anne and DJ waited until they disappeared into the mists.  Then she took his hand and trotted after them.  DJ didn’t want to.  Point of fact, there remained very little since their exodus from Al’ber Que that DJ did want to partake in.  But she couldn’t blame him for that.  This was dark, dismal business.
As those they followed clambered up the steep incline of the major bluffs, she led DJ around the opposing side.  The climb more arduous; rockier.  But she adjusted to the task.  DJ didn’t whimper a single objection.  No-doubt, he knew the end fast at hand.
In complete obscurity, and clutching to the boulder they hid behind, Anne and DJ watched the hooded Hellion reveal himself.
Of course, she wasn’t surprised.  The Wraith once showed his true face to her back in Constable Silas Withers’ chambers upon the final night before the fall of Silverdale.  A face she’d not forgotten.
“Look at me,” jested the Wraith, aka Joshua King as he cut the Dog’s breaded beard off and dangled it from his own chin.  “Woof.  Woof.  I’m the Dog.”
DJ trembled but he didn’t sob or make a sound.  At least that something.
She squeezed his shoulder and said, “Don’t worry.  That’s not really him.”
A doorway of solid-blue light appeared as Joshua wafted his hand through the air once more.
“No!” called Troll.  “The choice!  Ye said there would be a choice.”
“You’re quite right,” replied Joshua.  “But not for him.  Fedic, if you please.”
Pivoting, Fedic blasted the Dog through the doorway with a bolt of blue energy.
DJ whispered, “I don’t understand what’s happening.”
Anne peered into his eyes, pressed an index finger to her lips, and mouthed, “It’s okay.  I do.”
Joshua turned to Fedic, and said, “Go after and make sure everything is taken care of.”
Nodding, Fedic did as his master bade.  Once through the shimmering doorway the portal disappeared.
Waltzing toward Troll, the Wraith continued, “The choice is for you.  But first, I have one more promise to keep.”  He held an outstretched hand out to Star’s shooters draped over Furion’s hunched shoulder.
This was it.  She had to do something.  Now.
The Wraith chuckled, “Your Dog did die.”
Anne steelthily pulled the Dog’s dagger from her belt.  The thumb and forefinger of her other hand pinched along the sides of the steel to mute the weapon’s ring as it slid from the sheath.
DJ mouthed, “No.  Don’t.”
She merely glared at him.
The pistol glided into Joshua’s awaiting grip.  “…And now,”
Star asked Troll, “What’s happening?”
“Our enemy has taken ownership of ye’r weapons.”
Anne reared back, preparing to throw the dagger; the only thing she could think of.
“…Your beautiful Myriam Star will die…”
Someone clutched her wrist.  Whirling, preparing to fight for her life.  There crouched on his haunches sat the Dog.
DJ’s gape grew so wide for a moment she thought his eyes would pop out of his skull.
“…Ever before you reach her.”
Eyes a glistening golden hue, the Dog nodded at the dagger in her grasp, and whispered, “That’s good steel.  But this is better.”  He pulled the silver sabre from its scabbard and hurled it at Joshua with all his might.
Joshua cocked the shooter.  The sword sang as it tumbled through the air and lodged into the left side of Joshua’s head.  Black sludge hissed and boiled as Joshua screamed.  For a moment, he lost control of his physical form and violently transformed to a giant bat, the Sweetie Man, the stranger in white, and then back to himself.
Joshua hissed, “Son of a bitch.  That hurts.”  He pressed his palms into the blade protruding from his cranium.  His fingernails long and impeccably clean.  He pulled the sword from his head and cast it into the tall grass.  The wound in his face percolated as it healed, but his eyes remained black as coal.  Cackling, he said, “You know, I was really going to be nice about this.  I had this all planned out.  But now…”  Brows furrowed, he glared intently at Troll and Star, who merely sat there aghast.
Joshua continued, “Kill them Furion.  Kill them all.”  He swept his hand through the air and another doorway of solid, blue light materialized before he escaped.  The portal remained.
Furion began to tremble and shake; as if suffering a seizure.
The Dog said to Anne, “Go.  Now.”
“No, I want to--”
“Run!”
“No.  I won’t leave them behind.  Not them.  Not ever.”
The Dog retrieved Star’s compass from a compartment within his belt and gently placed it around Anne.
“What are ye doing?” she asked.
“So, you don’t lose your way,” he replied.  “Now Go!”
“I told ye, no.”
Tugging at the sleeve of the Dog’s jacket she still wore, DJ said, “Please, Anne.  I’m scared.”
She wasn’t.  She was pissed.  But as she gazed at him, all she saw were Mikhail and Diamond.  She needed to protect him.  She had to.  Against her better judgement she took his hand and fled without a second glance.

****

Fiddling with her tablet, Mary-Anne tapped an impatient foot as the Peace Officers crowded around the fountain telling jokes and humorous anecdotes.
God, this was stupid.
What the hell was she supposed to be waiting for, anyway?  What had Jeffery gotten her into?
She swept her finger across the device’s face; scrolling through the latest news articles, but she didn’t really care to read any of them.  She half-expected to come across some snippet of events regarding the last few days in New York.  But she didn’t find any.
“Hey, Doc,” called Officer Lynskey, “You heard the one about--”
“I don’t care and I’m really not in the mood,” she grumbled.
This was not only stupid, but a futile endeavor into boredom.  How long had she been standing there?  An hour?
Giants.  Lay Lines.  How naïve could she possibly be?  Surely, this an attempt to keep her out of the hospital and away from her research.  But why?  Why would peace officers be involved with an impending epidemic?
Officer Lynskey raised a hand, and said, “Sorry, Doc.  Just thought you might want to join in.  You know, pass the time.”
“Not interested.”
A bluish glow radiated off the face of her tablet.
That’s weird.  Possibly a distortion in lighting?  She glanced around as a soft breeze billowed her lab coat once more.  The only illumination was the fluorescent buzzing of orangish electrical lights.  She swept her hand across the tablet’s face but it didn’t dissipate the bluish glare.
Completely flabbergasted, she shook the tablet in a puerile attempt to fix the distortion, much like a child with a tantrum would rattle a broken toy.
Then she saw it.  A faint flickering that steadily grew like something out of a Sci-Fi novel.
“Um…guys,” she gulped.  “What the hell is that?”

****

The blue doorway flickered like torch lights down in the deep, deep dark.  Even against the rising sun over the ocean and major bluffs, the portals’ radiance dominated the Pacific scenery.
Star yelled, “Go after him, Troll!  Don’t let him get away!”
But he couldn’t.  He wouldn’t leave her.  Not ever again.
Furion had collapsed to his knees, clutching his bulbous belly as he violently tremored like a rockslide.
But, at that moment, he didn’t care.  As long as Furion preoccupied with…whatever he was doing, all the better.
“Come with me, my dove.”
“No, not yet.”  She said, crawling through the weeds like some serpent toward Furion.  “I’ve got one more thing to do.  I’m gonna kill this asshole.”
“Then we shall do it together, my love.”
“No.”
Troll whirled.
Standing atop a boulder was the Dog.  But not the Dog he knew.  This one wore strange clothes and his beard neatly trimmed.
“You have to go after them,” said this new Dog.  “You have to stop this.  We’ll be right behind you.”
Troll glanced at the glimmering portal, at Star slinking toward her tremoring enemy, then back at this perversion of the Dog.  It was him.  The real Dog.  He knew it with every fiber of his being.  He just failed to understand how.
“I can’t,” said Troll.  “I can’t leave thee behind.”
“You have to,” replied the Dog.
“But why?”
“Because, you have to let us go.  This is the moment you lose us.  And this is the moment I bring you all back.”
Star slithered through the weeds and grabbed her shooters.
Furion seemed to grow in stature as his trembling increased.
Troll asked the Dog, “How can I trust this?”
The Dog fetched the golden medallion from the throat of his shirt and held it up to the briny, breezy morning sky, and said, “Because this is what you sent me back here to do.”
Star rolled to her knees and wrapped the holstered belt around her waist.  “Go Troll.  We got this.”
“Now!” called the Dog, “Before it’s too late.”
Troll peered at the shimmering doorway of eerie blue-light.  He didn’t comprehend the events transpiring around him, but he didn’t need to.  He trusted his friends with all his heart and soul.
“Very well then, into the breach.”

****

Joshua stood before the giant reflective glass behind his office; naked as the day he created.
Oh, how he loathed his father for casting him into this corporal prison.
No matter.  Soon he would be free.  Free as he once was to drift about an endless sea of worlds and temporarily inhabit the vilest souls.  Ah, yes, he could see it now.
Below, cars honked at frustrating traffic and pedestrians while street lights and buildings still burned with an orangish ember.
This remained by far his favorite realm.  One in which he could rule without challenge.
He pressed a palm into the glass and gazed out once more.  But he did not witness the cities’ panorama.  Instead, he watched the events unfold upon the major bluffs of Krin.  Not the way they transpired before.  But rather, the way they currently unfolding now.
That damn mutt.
However, everything served a purpose.  Even insects.  And still, he needed that damnable cur in order to accomplish what came next.
“Everything okay?” asked Anne, as she sauntered up behind him.
He didn’t need to turn around.  He closed his eyes and saw her plain as day; as if standing outside himself watching everything around him as if observing a play.
She crept up behind him.  Her long, dark, wild hair cascaded over her shoulders.  She donned the button-up dinner jacket he wore to dinner, and nothing else.  Of course, the shirt unbuttoned, exposing a slight view of her breasts.
“Everything is right as rain,” he replied.
Standing behind him, she hugged his torso and kissed his cheek.
He gently caressed his fingers over hers.
Standing on her tip-toes, she whispered into his ear, “You were amazing.”
She was too.  And if he knew what love actually meant, he’d profess his affection for her.  But he couldn’t.  He didn’t even comprehend the word love.  Not really.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it,” he coldly replied.
She didn’t seem to notice the somber timbre of his voice.
“Enjoyed it would be a gross over simplification.”
He peered out into a world beyond this one and watched with quiet fascination.  For all his plotting, not even he knew what came next.  Although, he most interested to find out.  They couldn’t stop him.  Not even the three of them.  Not now.  It was too late.
“Come back to bed,” she whispered, stroking his back.
“In due time, my sweet.  All in due time.”



****


TEMPO RUBATO
(Stolen Time)

Furion quavered violently as Star crawled toward him.
The Dog just stood there, knowing he should do something.  But what?  This was new territory, and he had no idea what about to happen next.
Gripping the shooter tightly, Star aimed the barrel at Furion’s hooded head.  Furion grasped her wrist with three stubby digits and forced her arm backwards.
“Ah!” cried Star.
Blam.  Blam.
Two gunshots reverberated over the crashing waves below.
Furion erupted in a mind-scrambling warble.  His clothes, and silver-webbed armor torn to shreds.  Thin, elongated appendages emerged from his torso.  Giant, segmented legs.
Scree-scrap-a-thark
Now, I end you
Furion’s masked face erupted as a bristly, blackened cephalothorax emerged.  Eight, bloodshot eyes assessed its prey.  Venomous fangs protruded not from its clacking chelicera, but rather, sinuous arms with hands that resembled that of a small child’s.
Star rolled to her haunches and fired again.
Blam.  Blam.  Blam.
The bullets ricocheted off Furion’s emerging, plated abdomen with little effect.
For the first time, the Dog merely stood there aghast.  Now he finally understood the demon in the woods that plagued the Wachati, and the reason Furion bore the mark of the spider on its armor.  Because that’s what it was.  Some gigantic demon in the form of an arachnid.  His earlier adventures with Troll encountering spider-like creatures made sense.  Those were Furion’s children.
Furion the Spider burst through its visage in full force.  With long, spindly legs the demon appeared ten feet tall with a leg-span of nearly twenty.
So that’s why Furion always appeared slumped over in pain.  How long had the Hellion donned such a disguise?
Furion the spider staggered about as if besotted.  It wasn’t.  Merely stretching its legs after an immeasurable time of disguising its true form.  The ground shook with every lumbering step as the monster crashed clawed tarsi into the rocky earth.
Star lurched for her weapon as Furion attempted to impale her with one of its forelegs.  Star rolled this way and that; effectively averting every strike as Furion kept after her.
“Run!” yelled the Dog.
Star rolled backward onto her feet and blindly staggered around the summit of the major bluffs.
Furion the spider quickly gave chase as its eight bi-segmented legs followed in hot pursuit with incredible speed.
Loading his gauntlet, the Dog pounced at the monster’s head.  It batted him away as the Dog crashed into the ground.
Screekity-reeckity, laughed Furion.
There is no stopping me.  I will taste her flesh, yet.
Gasping, the Dog rolled to his side.  There, glimmering in the tall grass lay the silver sabre.  “Star,” he hailed.  “The silver!”
“What?” she asked, as she literally ran in circles.
“The silver!  The silver bullets!  Use them!”
“How the fuck am I supposed to do that?”
“Just do it!”
Star halted momentarily.  Furion reared upward, kicking its legs wildly in the air. Star lunged out of the way.  Furion wrapped its pedipalps around her ankle and thrust he to the side.
Star released a guttural grunt as she slammed back-first into the ground.
Growling, the Dog wrapped semi-feral claws around the hilt of the sabre.
Crickety-Screeeee-Thock
No, you don’t.  You will not rob me of my revenge.
Furion the spider kicked the Dog with a twitching hind-leg with such force as to cause him to drop the sword, and go sailing through the still shimmering blue doorway behind him.

****

Mary-Anne clutched at her breast and gasped as a figure rocketed out of the sick, bluish-light and sailed toward the fountain.  The man (which was the closest she could equate it to) landed back-first upon the ledge of the fountain.  An audible cracking noise emanated.
Without a proper diagnosis, she could only surmise the individual had broken their spine.
What the fuck just happened?  What was going on?  Was this what she waiting for?  Where the hell was Troll?
She stood there completely aghast and bereft as three of the four peace officers sprinted toward the fountain.
The “visitor’s” legs hung limply over the side of the fountain.  His torso bowed impossibly backward as his head submerged in the bubbling, recycled waters.
The three men pounced upon the visitor and held him down.
“He’s dead.  He’s gotta be dead.”  Quavered a still masked peace officer
“Well, he ain’t.”  Another replied.  “So, just hold him down.”
Peace Officer Lynskey stood off to the side; breathing rapidly as his chest rose and fell like someone witnessing something horribly unfathomable.
She was too.
Mary-Anne trotted toward them.  But her legs felt like rusted springs.  “Let me have a look at him.  I’m a doctor.  I can help.”
“We know who you are,” snarled a peace officer.
She tugged at their leather suits, and iterated, “I said, I’m a doctor.  Let me help him.”
“Shut up!”  A masked peace officer whirled around and cracked a baton against the side of her head.

****

Star sprinted; juking and jiving from side to side just as she had during the duels of Coffin Nail.  The only difference; now she faced her mortal enemy, and of course…she was blind.
She sensed the demon’s thunderous steps advancing upon her as she attempted to fish the silver bullets from her pocket.
Easier said than done.
Furion stomped a long, spindly leg next to her.  She brushed against the bristling appendage.  Its hairs felt like glass shards raking against her squamous skin.
Star waffled to the side and fell on her ass as Furion’s expectorations fell upon her face like fat droplets of rain over church tarp.
Scree-scraw-rickey-scrap
Play games, little girl, play games.
Well, she for one had enough of Furion’s games to last her a thousand lifetimes.
The siege.  The fields.  Mikhail.  The murder of her parents.  The duels.  Diamond.  No.  This was going to end, and it was going to end right now.
Child-like hands gripped her cheeks and ran stubby, loathsome fingers down the brand marring the side of her face.
Star attempted to sit.  No use.  Furion pressed her back into the dirt and still dew-stained grass with impeccable strength.
Scree-likity-lath
Now, I will consume you.  Now, I will eat you.  Your flesh may be runny, but you are still soooo sweet.
Back pressed against the ground; restrained, Star fidgeted with her shooter and managed to procure the silver bullets from her pocket.  Sure, she blind.  But she didn’t need to see to know how to arm a gun.  She’d been training for it most of her life.
She loaded the weapon.  Spun the cylinder.  Cocked the hammer.  And though she couldn’t see it, she stuck the barrel between Furion’s slobbering chelicera.
She snarled the same thing she said before ripping Shroud’s tongue through his throat, “Scree-scraw-scrap, mother—”
Star screamed as Furion drove a clawed tarsus through her right shoulder; shattering her clavicle, and the other through the bottom, left side of her abdomen, piercing her kidney.
She spurted blood.  Instinct took over after that.
Blam.  Blam.  Blam.
Star fired relentlessly as Furion squealed; attempting to stagger back.  She gripped the puerile hand momentarily stroking her brand and drove the barrel deeper into Furion’s maws.
Blam.  Blam.  Blam.
“Fuck you!  I hate you!  I hate you!  I fucking hate you!”
Star squeezed the trigger until the barrel spun dry.  Then she squeezed it some more as Furion’s lifeless body fell limp.
In her childhood, she’d always envisioned this moment.  Next, she would cut out the Hellion’s heart and hold it to the sky. But she didn’t know where a spider’s heart was.  Instead, snarling, and growling, she bore her hands into Furion’s head until her claws passed through his exoskeleton with a sickening ploosh.  She tore out what she envisioned were the Hellion’s brains.  Blood pouring profusely from her wounds, she held Furion’s organs up to the sky as the shackles adorning her wrists rattled in joyous song.  She screamed what she’d prepared as a child at the top of her lungs.  “Here lies Furion the Black.  Wizard and slave driver of the West.  Here he lay defeated at the hands of a slave.  The one he let go.  Here, in my grasp are his vile brains.  So, mote it.  So, let it be!”
Then she roared a battle cry so triumphant, not even the heavens dared to violate it.

****

Dizzy, head fuzzy and ears ringing with an incalculable tintinnabulation, Mary-Anne arose from the cold concrete.  She hissed as she pressed a palm to the throbbing in her forehead.
What happened?  Where was she?
An effervescent bluish glimmer caught the peripherals of her eyes.  Despite the pounding in her head or how much the light hurt to look at it, she glanced up.
On hands and knees, she glimpsed back.  Three peace officers attempted to drown someone in the fountain.
Should she care?  Probably.  But other things weighed heavily upon her mind.  Troll.  The mysterious virus.  Jeffery.  Somehow, it all connected.  She just couldn’t see the dots.
Shivering, she crawled toward the shimmering blue, as if drawn to it.  On the other side of the portal, something else crawled toward her.  She just couldn’t see it.  Not yet.  Arising to her knees, Mary-Anne meant to approach the mysterious blue door.  But her head still swimmy and her vision faded in and out.  She collapsed to her knees as a small eep escaped her lips.  Yet, still, something approached the doorway of shimmering illumination.
Was this a hallucination.  Of course, it had to be.  She could think of no other explanation.
Hissing through clenched teeth, she pulled a hand away from her throbbing temporal and found her palm slick with blood.  That seemed to clear her vision, but she hard-pressed to understand why.
There, in the doorway, another woman crawled toward her.  She was injured and in tremendous pain, that much remained certain.  She couldn’t see it.  She felt it.
Mary-Anne slithered toward the figure as it approached her in turn.
What was this?  A mirror?  A delusion?
If that the case, why was she able to sense the precious life fluids pouring from the “others’” shoulder and abdomen?  Why could she sense the woman blind?  Why did she experience the tingling sensation in the back of her mind like a levee on the verge of fracturing?
On all fours, Mary-Anne crept as close to the flickering as she dared.
There, on the other side, was something she couldn’t possibly explain.
It was her.
But, at the same time, it wasn’t.
The woman on the other side hade long, golden curls and emerald eyes.  Despite being battle-damaged, she looked remarkably fit.  Sores and cysts coated her ebony skin.
Hyperventilating, heart pounding a rapacious pulse, Mary-Anne uttered, “What…what is this?”
“Star,” said the woman on the other side.  “You have to take this.  You have to help them, and stop all of this madness.”
Take what?  What was she talking about?  Was this even real?  Last she recalled; she had been bludgeoned in the head pretty hard.  Perhaps this all one grandiose illusion.
“Take it,” repeated the woman.  “Take it, Star.  And end this.”
The woman held a belt and bandolier.  Two six-shooters rested in the leathery, weather-ravaged holsters.
This wasn’t real.  It couldn’t be.
“Take it, Star?”
Why did she keep calling her Star?  Why did she know that name?  Why did it seem so familiar?  So comfortable?
She glanced back at the peace officers still attempting to drown the “visitor”, and something inside her stirred with an indescribable anger.  Something primal.  Something like pure unadulterated rage.
“Fucking mother fuckers,” she hissed.  But that wasn’t her.  Those weren’t her words.  They belonged to someone else.
“Take it!”
Mary-Anne peered back at the specter haloed in bluish light.  The woman coughed violently as she clutched her chest.  Then she spat blood so dark it almost black.
“Please, just take it.”
Against her better judgement, Mary-Anne reached for the belt of shooters on the other side of the doorway.  The blades of her fingertips lightly caressed the rough leather.  The other woman passed the weapons off to her.  Their skin made momentary contact as the black ooze coagulating in the other woman’s hands briskly touched hers.
All at once, the damn within Mary-Anne’s mind broke.
Krin.  Mikhail.  Michael.  Shale.  Anne.  Diamond.  Harvard.  The fields.  Med School.  The war.  Dr. Harrington.  Grandma.  Grandmere.
The blood cells in her head seemed to implode as everything she ever thought and knew replaced with a phantasmagoria of a life she never lived.
Clutching tightly to the belt, Mary-Anne pulled back.  Blood oozed from her nose and ears.  The woman on the other side already dead.  Then, just before the portal closed forever…something happened.

****

The Dog was drowning.  Not the first time, but he detested the feel of it.  Of some foreign object slithering into his lungs and strangling his breath.
A very brief reverie shot through his mind as he struggled.  The first time he drowned.  Something about sharks with dorsal fins glissading through the brackish chop.  But that wasn’t true.  There were no sharks when the Dog became…well, whatever he was.  Of course, that memory probably skewed considering it transpired almost a thousand years ago.
Muted shouts emanated as meaty hands pressed him further underwater.  He meant to gasp.  He didn’t.  That would be stupid.  Drowning sucked, but if these idiots thought they killed him, then all the better.
He strived to sit up.  A searing, incapacitating arch of pain lurched up and down his spine.  What he could feel of it, anyway.  He’d broken his back.  Shattered the vertebrae within the lower part of his lumbar.  Oh well.  That didn’t detract from the fact that people presently attempting to drown him.
Why?
Because someone ordered them to.  Somebody had to tell these morons about him.  And the Dog had a pretty good guess as to who that someone was.
Dog struggled to remove the hands pressing him down.  But these men were strong.  Not just any ya-who’s sent on an errand.  No-doubt these individuals handpicked for this mission.
Submerged.  Lungs burning, the Dog opened his mouth to gasp for air.  That would serve no purpose.  He knew it.  What should he do?  Just let them drown him?  Surely, he’d survive, but why should he allow feckless humans to attempt to kill him over and over again?
Burly hands slithered around his throat.  On mere reaction, the Dog opened his mouth as dirty water poured in.
The water of this world remained the vilest he’d ever encountered over dozens of lifetimes.
One of his assailants brought a palm up to his face, as if shushing him.
Yeah, like that would prove anymore prolific than drowning him.
Seizing the moment, Dog sank his fangs into the leather-clad glove and into the soft flesh between the assassin’s index-finger and thumb.
The man screamed.  His roar muffled beneath the water the Dog held under.
The peace officer made a poor attempt at pulling back.  The Dog bore deeper into his flesh as he rocketed his head back and forth.  Crimson seeped into the purling waters as dark storm clouds.
The others pummeled him in the head over and over again.  The force of their blows dissipated beneath the rippling current.
As the blood siphoned through his fangs, the precious liquid coursed down the Dog’s body; restructuring his fractured spinal column.  Yet still, he almost out of air.  And drowning sucked.
Above the surface, he heard a voice say, “What the--”
Blam.  Blam.  Blam.
The reports muted beneath the water, but he felt his captors relinquish their hold on him.
Someone, or something grasped hold of his forearm and pried him up.  The aquatic blurriness seeped down his eyes as he gasped for air.
Cough.  Cough.  Hack.  He expelled filth-ridden fountain water from his lungs as the frigid air attacked his bedraggled skin.
Wheezing, expectorating water, the Dog glanced up.
A shadowy figure stood over him.
“You okay?”
He knew that voice.  More than that, he trusted that voice.
The Dog nodded as moisture flew from his hair and beard like a dog shaking off rain water.
The figure offered their hand, and the Dog took it.
Thunder rolled ominously in the distance as lightning briefly flashed.
A young peace officer with cropped red-hair scrambled and ran.
Without even looking, the Dog’s savior raised a shooter and blew the peace officer’s head off in one clean shot.
He only ever met one person that could accomplish such a feat.
“Star?”
The woman before him wore denim jeans, a lavender blouse, and white lab coat.  She was dressed as Mary-Anne Starkey.  But she wasn’t her.  Her frizzy, black-hair had transformed into golden curls, and her brown eyes into emerald-gems.
“Star?  Is that really you?”
She nodded.
He didn’t know how or why.  He didn’t even understand it.  Somehow, he’d accomplished the impossible.  The woman before him was not Mary-Anne Starkey, it was Myriam Star.
Thunder rolled again.
Star hugged him as if fearful he might at any moment dissipate like fog.  He hugged her back.
“Okay.”  She pulled away from him, though her arms still wrapped around his shoulders.  She peered into his gaze with that dead-shooter’s gape, and said, “Now, let’s go get Troll.”

TO BE CONCLUDED

J.S.F.
August, 2020


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Joshua S. Friedman lives in the beautiful state of Michigan, where he enjoys the nature that inspires his writing.

OTHER BOOKS

The Chronicles of Dog and Troll:  Book 1 – Of Dog and Troll
The Chronicles of Dog and Troll:  Book 2 – The Diary of Myriam Star
The Chronicles of Dog and Troll:  Book 3 – The Fall of Al’ber Que
I’ve Always Been a Poet, ‘Though I Didn’t Always Know It
Twisted Falls
The Day The Whole World Went Away
The Return Of The Perennial Optimist


