The Land of All Things Fallen

The Wyvern Kings Redemption

Volume 1 – Part I


D. W. Gladstone




Copyright © 2015 D. W. Gladstone
Cover Art Copyright © 2015 Marco Morata-Plaza
All rights reserved.


Fourth Edition 2016 
Published by Errant Words Publishing
ABN : 65 430 929 540
Chapter 1

Before time was born, there was the sky. The sky was all in height and depth, and at its centre, where all the winds meet, begin and end, was Anmyar. The first of the heavens, Anmyar shone perfect and brilliant, the first light, the first mountain, the first sea. The first mountain was immense beyond imagining, as tall as the sky, and as deep as the first sea it held upon its side.

*     *     *

The acrid stench of urine surrounded him. It filled his cell, it filled his world. He had no memory that was not thick with it – no memory beyond waking in the dark, filthy cell, chained to stone that was always pitilessly cold.
And damp. The dampness worsened the chill. Always, the bitter air caressed the nakedness of his body – lightly, gently, yet never enough to induce numbness. He was always shivering.
The cold, however, was kind enough to linger in the manacles at his wrist, and the weighted collar at his neck; the metal of his restraints was imbued with a perpetual chill. His chains sang a discordant song as he dragged them across his cell – to the corner.
The stench was strongest there. The only grace he could permit himself; was that at least he could restrict the urine, the faeces, to one area of his cell; lest space become a commodity. He had not succeeded – but that was not his fault; fear and pain had made him defile areas of his cell he would’ve preferred left unmarred. Blood had crusted there, as well, on those areas. Blood crusted much of his skin.
He had his captors to thank for that.
He expelled what waste he could; the act caused discomfort, what food and water he was allowed was always unclean.
His business done, he slunk back across his cell. He half-hobbled, his leg was bruised – cut, but it was healing. It was starvation that weakened him, restricted his muscles; bleary, unassailable hunger. Sometimes he looked at the faeces from across the cell, and had thoughts he could not stomach – most times he tried to hold it in, just for the false sensation of a full belly. He was so hungry.
His foot, inadvertently, caught one of the chains; unable to react in time, he slipped, and fell to the floor.
He restrained a cry – agony flared in his side. Gingerly, he probed the tenderness – the answering pain had him flinch. The warm, thickness of blood coated his fingers; he had reopened a wound.
He tried to remain as still as he could – to minimise the pain. A droplet ran from the breach, and trickled across his abdomen, washing away some crusted red. The blood cooled – it invited the cold. 
He wanted to cry.
He shivered. Alone, naked, in the cold, and the gloom, and the stench of his cell, he lay and hoped that the comfort of sleep might find him soon. 

*     *     *

The storm’s force was growing. Though only its tattered forefront yet drifted across the valley, its approach was swift. Over the north, the clouds had begun to darken, and the ragged grey billows to the south were broken only by the ephemeral shine of the southern sun. Snow drifted down listlessly from above, coating the mountainside and the forest of thin bare trees in the last white of departing winter.
The snow did not bother him. Nor his horse.
As he directed his mount through an opening in the tree line, the mounting drifts posed no hindrance. Though the animal felt the bite of the frigid air more acutely than he, it bore him stoically wherever his duty required. It snorted briefly as they crossed a small rise and achieved the level ground of the southern road; the haze of warmth from its nostrils blurred the landscape and defied the chill.
Garde; a friend for whom he was ever grateful.
As he let the horse pause for a moment’s rest, he glanced up from amidst the swathes of wrapping that protected his face from the cold. The storm rolled silent and grey above the white peaks of the mountains to the north; its gathering force soon to be unleashed upon the valley.
Sooner than he had anticipated.
He gave a disappointed sigh. Casually, he pulled down his fur-lined hood and freed the wrappings from around his head. The matted locks of his brown hair were left undisturbed by the breeze. The cold air, however, stung the weather-beaten skin of his face with a sharpness for which he was unprepared; the sensation passed momentarily, as his skin flushed to compensate.
It was already much colder than he had thought, and it would only worsen in the hours to come. Stalwart, though his equine companion may have been, the force above was not something either rider or mount would survive if weathered openly.
His hazel eyes darted to the tree line, having descried movement.
A wolf emerged from the forest, and out onto the white of the road. The piercing gold of its eyes met the man’s hazel glint. Its coat was as white as the ground beneath, save for a shimmer of silver along its flanks, and the breeze blowing from the north sent idle ripples across its fur.
It stopped at the centre of the road; its stare fixed on the man and his mount – it waited to see what next they would do.

Beneath the cloak that draped about his narrow shoulders, amongst the heavy layers of fur and oilskins that fought off the damp and the chill, rested a tabard embroidered with the very same visage as that which stood before him.
He nodded – a sign of deference to the noble creature that ruled these mountains. The wolf seemed to nod, itself, in acknowledgement; then turned to face the eastern range of peaks and the long stretch of valley in between. It trotted away into the embrace of snow.
Garde elicited his attention with a disgruntled snort; the cold having strained even the horse’s stoic endurance.
The man chuckled, and patted his mount’s neck.
“I know.” he muttered, “I am as cold as you are. Let’s find a place where we can rest and will not be frozen by morning.”
Garde grunted – seemingly in agreement.
Reining his mount up, off the southern road that snaked along the bases of the valley’s western range, they ascended the gradual incline of a ridge and moved into the collection of ravine’s and crevices that composed the mountain’s base. The switch-backed, tortuous pathways of rock were not unfamiliar to him; though even he would admit, draped in snow, under the bleak light of a fading winter’s day, the rocks all looked alike.
Uncertainty did not dull his sense of purpose, however; and as he moved further through an otherwise unremarkable cleft, he caught sight of the half-camouflaged hole in the rock-face.
The snowfall had increased, filling the air with white flakes and the distant howls of the wind.
He dismounted, and led his horse up the slope to the entrance of the cave. The sharp clack of Garde’s hooves on the cave-floor resonated down the length of tunnel that would serve as their temporary refuge. The mountains bases were strewn with myriad caves and chambers.
A flicker of nostalgia passed through his mind; his first sojourn within these caves had been similarly necessitated by a blizzard that had caught him off-guard.
After untacking his horse, he brushed some errant frost from the animal’s side and patted it affectionately. “Rest now. We still have quite some way to go.”
Garde as always answered with a snort; the man grinned.
He retrieved some firewood from the saddle, and after riffling through his pack for flint; he struck a quick blaze into being. The gentle crackle of the flames and their corresponding warmth were a welcome change to the wind and snow. 
As the fire dispelled the cold from his body, he chuckled to himself about the inopportuneness of the storm, and recalled a phrase once muttered by his father, “Cold rocks are hardly good company, fire is always better conversation.”
A long decade had passed since his father’s death.
He glanced down the throat of the tunnel; the pale light that intruded beyond the cave-mouth was dimming – the southern sun would soon be setting in the southwest, and the dark billows that raced across the sky hastened the transition into night. The sharp cry of the wind, muffled by the rock, denoted the onset of the storm.
He sighed, and muttered resignedly to his mount, “We might be spending a little longer here than I had hoped.”
He unfurled his bedroll, and lay down beside the fire; its comforting crackle was already half lost amidst the mounting tempo and pitch of the gusts outside. Wrapping his fur-lined cloak around his thin frame, the warmth did not take long to lull him into sleep.
He opened his eyes. 
And sat up. Grogginess marred his vision – and his other senses. It felt as though he moved amidst water; all perception blurred by a daze.
Slowly, his vision cleared, as did his hearing. 
He was met by unnatural silence. The remains of his fire smouldered gently beside him; the cave still embraced him in sheltering rock; his mount still slumbered unerringly. But the wind, which ought to have roared and groaned with supernatural fury, was impossibly silent.
The entrance to the tunnel was transfixed by a ghostly luminescence. 
He rose and wandered down the passageway. That he had left his boots behind, or that he was not appropriately attired for a trek through a deadly blizzard never passed through his otherwise wary, confused mind.
As he rounded the aperture of the tunnel, he was paralysed by a moment of surprise. The cave-mouth framed an impossible sight.
The furrows of rock that cradled the entrance to the cave were absent, replaced by the sprawling vista of the valley. But where the valley would once have been an unbroken flow of snow and movement, trees swaying to the wind’s ever-present gale; the view of the world was instead a moment caught in etching. Still and silent, naught a semblance of life or motion – just the undisturbed brushwork of a painting.
The man sighed – he was dreaming.
Patiently, he waited for the source of the dream and what would soon disrupt it to make it heard.
The voice manifested and resonated around him, perforating his form; multitudinous, the chorused voices of men and women spoke in perfect harmony, “Elle’dred, Knight and Champion of the White Wolf Hall,” it addressed him with his full title, “the Magus Tribunal summons you to Grgadorn.”
“May I ask why I am needed at the Magus Keep?”
The voice did not answer, “How far are you from the keep?”
Annoyance flared, but Elle’dred restrained it, “I am yet two days away. However, the storm above the valley will delay me.”
The voice was silent for a moment; a moment longer than Elle’dred thought polite.
“We will hold the storm for you.” the voice stated, and finished with an urgency that perturbed the knight, “Make haste; ride without rest until you reach the keep.”
The statement sparked a pang of concern, compelling him to ask, “What is so pressing that you would take such measures?”
“You will ride to Grgadorn,” the voice repeated, “Wake.”
Elle’dred opened his eyes. The soft cries of the wind echoed in from the cave-mouth. A pale light bleached the colour from the stones.
– While he did not doubt he was awake – the urge to confirm his non-dreaming state was difficult to quell. However, with the practiced restraint instilled by a lifetime of military service, he rose, repacked his belongings and tacked his horse before moving out onto the mountainside.
Although the wind still howled in the distance, its voice was strangely low and mournful – as though the gusts of air grieved the power bereft of the storm above. The clouds that dampened the light of dawn hung menacingly black, intermixed with trails of ashen white – but not a flake of snow fell.
The storm loomed on every horizon, furious and deadly, but some unseen force held its fury at bay.
Elle’dred trudged through the drifts left from the first hours of the blizzard; though the air was still cold, it was not as sharp as he expected it to be – and it was unsettlingly still. He glanced at the sky more than once as he made his way through the twisting ravines and back out into the valley.
Every sense was pricked by the unnaturalness of his surroundings – but he suppressed the feeling.
They reached the flatness of the southern road, and he mounted his horse. Elle’dred could tell Garde was unsettled, partly from the environment, and partly from being forced prematurely to bear a heavy rider and his pack through the cold.
“I know,” the knight said to his mount, “I am as annoyed as you are. But bear with it for now and I’ll see you are well rewarded when we reach the blasted Magus Keep.”
Garde grunted in what Elle’dred took to be displeasure; he smirked.
At his direction, the horse took to a gallop. 
The day passed, and night fell – but where such darkness should have dragged the temperature into frozen lethality, this night it did not. The chill bit at the knight throughout his ride, but did not once threaten more than manageable discomfort. Another fact that unsettled him.
The Magus, by their very blood, held sway over magic and the elements; and while Elle’dred had read that their spells could stretch the breadth of the land, he had never before experienced one such as this. Nor had he guessed at how disturbing it could feel.
He had to wait some extra hours, at a trot under torchlight, before dawn broke the shadow of the eastern range across the valley. The storm had not moved, beyond the broiling of its dark billows, since nightfall, and the southern sun was obscured entirely by cloud. 
Pallid ambience was all that challenged the blackness of the sky.
Shortly ahead, the road he followed veered away from the western mountains, and ran steadily down into the centre of the valley. Its end was spelled by the Magus Keep.
Grgadorn. The township spread across the valley floor as a star of grey masonry. Six curtain walls, dauntingly high and unbreakably thick, braced each of the town’s sides; and were cornered by six elongated bastions that lanced outwards like a cordon of blades.
The township’s impassable outer defence was lined in towers and arrow slits, and crowned in parapets and turrets. A barbican protected the tip of the south most bastion; the southern road terminating at the base of its unforgiving façade, and the two mammoth doors situated therewith.
The fortifications surrounded a sprawling metropolis, flawlessly laid-out, and all of which was constructed of the same interminably grey stone as the outer walls – and the keep at its centre.
Even from Elle’dred’s vantage, the stronghold of the magus dwarfed all other structures and humbled the mighty defences that enclosed it.
The true keep rose at the exact centre of the township – an immense stone cube, two dozen floors high, surrounded by four lower and shorter blocks that merged with it at each of its corners. All perfectly square, perfectly symmetrical.
The harsh façades of the hold were broken only by the slits of deeply inset windows on the central block, nearest its highest edges. The otherwise featureless grey stone that pervaded the magus domain served to blur any distinctions between town, keep and walls.
Sheltered in the Warded-Valley, Grgadorn was else ever watched over by the Fore-guard and Aft-guard mountain ranges.

The knight led his horse down into the depths of the valley, acquiescent to the course of the road. Some distance from the entrance to the keep, faint calls from the soaring battlements above, corresponded with the opening of the doors that led into the neck of the barbican.
A squad of guardsmen, bearing pikes and clad in silver helms above navy cloaks, moved out and stood to attention on either side of the entryway; each bowed their head, silently, in respect as Elle’dred moved through the exterior aperture and into the wide, engulfing tunnel. Flanked by arrow slits that framed only darkness in the wan light, the knight moved down the length of the passage and out into the township.
He brought Garde to a halt a short distance in; another soldier, bearing the embossed pauldron and red sash of a guard captain, approached him – as the squad behind retreated through the tunnel amongst an echoed thrum of marching boots, and closed both the outer and inner gates.
“Welcome milord.” the captain bowed, deferentially, “We were told to watch for your arrival.”
Elle’dred nodded and dismounted, “I have ridden day and night to reach here, see that my horse is well treated.”
The guardsman took the reins from him, “Yes, milord.”
Elle’dred moved past the fortified barracks that stood as a secondary defence inside the wall, and proceeded through the courtyards and training fields, alive with the raucous of soldiers engaging in daily drills. But as he continued outwards, along the main and central road, the town itself was disturbingly empty. The scarce citizen wandered the streets, and only a few businesses maintained any semblance of activity. Those people that he passed, were more concerned with the black mass above than whatever task consumed their time; no doubt, most of the populace held up in their homes anticipating the break of the unnaturally peaceful storm. 
Due to their preoccupation, he was largely ignored – much as he preferred; the Champion of the White Wolf Hall wrapped himself tightly in his cloak, as much to conceal the marks of his rank as to ward off the chill.
The main road rose along the most gradual of inclines as he neared the towering, square edifice of the magus keep. The metropolis parted abruptly, some distance yet beyond the hold’s walls; the town buildings themselves framing a wide, symmetrical courtyard around the grey monument. The flawless façades of the outer blocks loomed, impassive but uninviting, over the small knight that approached on foot. 
Elle’dred crossed the courtyard, and moved towards the opening of the narrow corridor of stone that stretched the distance of the immense outer cubes, to where they met the central. Although the long passageway was open to the sky, the gloom from above was utterly incapable of lifting the shadows that dwelt between the two towering walls.
It took a moment for his eyes to adjust, but he continued on undeterred. The echoes of his boots against the pavement resounded endlessly across the surrounding stone; a fading, toneless fanfare following him in his wake.
The facing plane of the central cube rose sharply, abruptly before him, terminating the corridor; in its perfect flatness, an archway was inset and surrounded, atop a series of steps, two large, oaken doors. Elle’dred paused as he reached the entrance, and glanced back through the corridor at the sky.
The narrow strip of vision allowed to him by the flawless edges showed only the dark billows of the storm. He found it little wonder that such a spell originated from a place that so embodied artificiality.
He sighed, and with the barest exertion pushed open the doors.
Immediately, the warmth of the first hall confronted him – the sudden change of climate brought about a momentary discomfort. In the eastern and western walls, hearths enclosed roaring fires, which filled the extensive chamber with warm, orange glow. Shadows flickered solely in the corners of the hall, or claimed refuge amongst the vaulting of the high, arched ceiling. 
Elle’dred moved inside, and waved away the attendants that hurried to reclose the entrance; shutting the doors himself. He turned and surveyed the lengthy chamber, sweeping across each and every face that conversed, laughed or drank from heavy mugs.
Each warrior that met his gaze nodded their respect to the Champion of the White Wolf; some displayed the tabard of his order, but many were just soldiers, unadorned by markings of rank. Invariably, however, the men and women that permeated the chamber wore a weight of years that surpassed his.
A youth yet by most standards, Elle’dred knew the distance afforded him by his title was not derived solely from protocol; misgiving if not outright envy, separated him most from his fellow, older knights. Being one of the youngest Champions in the history of his order, however, was merely one of several reasons for his subordinates, albeit – unexpressed, scorn.
He recognised a face on the far side of the hall, bent over a mug. 
Returning several more acknowledgements, and removing his heavy cloak and now unnecessary layers of furs, he strode over the intricate mosaic that was the floor of the chamber; the mosaic depicted the five elements, fire, water, earth, wood and metal – the five domains of all magus.
Elle’dred neared the table, flanked by benches, where the knight sat. The man held a close air about himself; his downcast eyes captured the sombreness of his features, further cast into shadow by his straw blonde hair, which draped to his shoulders on either side. His face was marked by roughness and toughened skin, and gave a semblance of years far surpassing his actual age. Brown stubble covered his jaw, and when he glanced up – at the Champion’s approach – his jade green eyes shone; mismatched to the tones of his face, they set his visage in a dissonance of colour.
“Hheirdane.” Elle’dred greeted.
“Elle’dred,” the man returned, gruffly, “I guess you felt you had to disturb my silence.”
“I could leave if you would prefer?” he offered.
Hheirdane chortled, “I would. But that would hardly be respectful to my Champion.”
The Sword-Bearer straightened his back, acquiescing, tacitly, to his presence. 
Hheirdane bore a white vambrace on his right fore-arm – displaying a sword flanked by two running wolves in matte-silver chasing, above, his shoulder was encircled by a draping of azure cloth, and three golden cords were fastened from shoulder to waist across his tabard. A Sword-Bearer, Hheirdane was one of the council that led the Hall of the White Wolf, subordinate only to the order of the Archivists, and Elle’dred, the Champion. Although officially Hheirdane’s superior, Elle’dred’s rank had never impacted on their friendship – unlike all the other knights of their order.
Elle’dred smirked, and deposited his cumbersome gear on the opposing bench. Unfastening his sword, he perched it instinctively within arms reach, before he too sat, “So I suppose then that the past few months have been good to you?”
“Better than they could’ve been.”
“And what has been keeping your attention – last I heard, you had been assigned duty with the fifth army?”
“On the plains of Thgad,” Hheirdane confirmed, “A goblin war band had been sighted across the western flats. We had to deal with them. Normal business…if it weren’t for the reports.”
A serf approached and handed Elle’dred a mug of mead, “Oh? And what would a Sword-Bearer of the White Wolf hear that the Champion would not?”
His friend smirked sourly, “Flaunting your position won’t get me to loosen my tongue any quicker.”
“I’m sure your tongue is loose enough from the mead.”
“My tongue might be,” Hheirdane returned, “But so too is my fist.”
Elle’dred grinned, “Striking your better –”
“You are hardly my better.”
They both chuckled, and drank. 
The soft flavour of honey and the muted sting of spice finished smoothly and filled Elle’dred’s chest with warmth, freeing a knot of tension in his gut.
“Yes,” he remarked, “I’m certain I won my title through popularity, rather than sword skill.”
Hheirdane chortled, “Well, my gracious Champion, no doubt you’ll receive the reports soon.” he sipped again, and the smile faded from his face, “Goblins have been seen across the Riven Mountains – An’dier is thick with them. The attack on the plains was too daring.”
“I have heard rumours of gatherings in Agdor.”
“It is more than that. There is much more happening than we would like to know.”
There was a bitterness to the comment that piqued Elle’dred’s concern.
“And what would you mean by that?” he asked.
“Nothing,” his friend muttered, after a pause, “There are a lot of goblins about and no one seems to want to recognise it.”
Elle’dred sighed, “I think the rumours might be exaggerated,” before Hheirdane could retort, he waved disarmingly, “And I have ridden for a day and a night to reach here, so let’s not darken my mind further with talk of death and doom.” 
“As you wish – Champion.” his friend let a reluctant smirk cross his face, disguised a snort with cough and muttered, “It’s already dim in there anyway.”
Elle’dred laughed.
After a short silence that Hheirdane seemed unwilling to break, and admittedly, having discovered precious little else to talk about himself, Elle’dred brightened, “As I recall, Alandra was with child?”
His friend nodded, “She was delivered of a girl not a month ago.”
“Well then,” he said, heartily, “I must congratulate you – this is good news.”
“Indeed.” Hheirdane answered, and tried to smile – but his face collapsed back into despondency; a twinge of pain flickered over his eyes before he lowered them to avoid Elle’dred’s concern, “She seems much happier; Alandra was so distraught after our first daughter. Had she not been born to the seeing-blood we might’ve known her.”
“Sometimes fate hands us things we may not –”
“I often wish I could have a word with fate,” his friend, interjected, “– and a few fists.”
Elle’dred smirked.
“I realise the need for such things,” Hheirdane continued and paused, “But it is heartless to tear children away from their parents so early. In any case, we have a daughter now and Alandra is endlessly busy.”
“What blood was she born to?”
“Undestined,” Hheirdane answered, “Like you.”
“Does her father have any intention for what she may do one day?”
“That’s up to her. I would like to think she may become an Archivist, retire to study somewhere and serve the land. But you can be sure of one thing; though fate may not have intended her to be as skilled with a blade as I, she certainly will know how to wield one – competently.”
Elle’dred allowed a grin, “I’m sure she will excel as much as her father does.”
The movement of the outer doors drew his attention, as they were opened; another knight of their order entered the hall. The woman wore the trappings of a Sword-Bearer, like Hheirdane.
Without so much as a glance across the room, she handed her cloak to the attendants and moved to a table on the western side; Elle’dred was, in part, glad she had not spotted him, but her arrival served as a reminder of the disturbing premise that had brought him to the keep. A concern he had overlooked in his tiredness.
“Were you summoned here by the magus?” he asked his friend.
Hheirdane nodded.
“I don’t suppose they told you why?”
A sideways jerk of the head, directed his gaze to the northern wall, and the two, large – closed doors situated therewith; the only other significant entrance or exit of the room.
“Those haven’t been opened.” the knight opposite muttered.
Elle’dred freed an aggravated sigh, “It’s always like the magus to keep us waiting.” 
He glanced over his shoulder at the other Sword-Bearer; worry creased his brow – whatever motive the Tribunal had in calling him to Grgadorn, it concerned the full military of Ammandorn, 
“Maybe there is more basis to those rumours than I thought.” he remarked, quietly; Hheirdane did not respond. After a moment’s silence, lost in thought, Elle’dred enquired, “I suppose you would’ve noticed the storm outside?”
“I did. The big black cloud above you is hard to miss.”
“Courtesy of the Tribunal.” Elle’dred jibed, and after a pause and a sip from his mug, he muttered absentmindedly, “Winter is leaving late this year.”
He did not notice the wince of pain the idle observation provoked in Hheirdane, or the resultant hardening of the knight’s features to conceal its further impact.
“It has been two winters.” his friend muttered.
Guilt flared, sudden and sharp, as Elle’dred realised the faux pas he had inadvertently skirted around throughout their conversation; and now, driven home with his inattentiveness. 
“Hheirdane, I did not mean –”
The knight waved away the apology, and continued, “I’ve been thinking about it for some time now – a fear – this daughter, born in winter to undestined blood; she can’t help but remind me.” a quiver broke through his stoic countenance, and shook his cheek.
“Your son.”
“He would have been eight this year,” Hheirdane said, “…five days ago.”
Elle’dred met the other knight’s eyes with silent comfort – their gaze exchanged a deep kinship.
“You still have not forgiven yourself,” Elle’dred half-joked, “But I can’t fault you for that.”
“I can – and you should,” his friend reprimanded, acrimonious; but, when Elle’dred’s concern was not countered, Hheirdane softened, “Do not worry. I am not going to be such a fool, again. I have too much to live for.”
Elle’dred smirked.
His friend, cheerlessly, redirected the conversation, “So where have the Archivists had you wasting your time?”
“In the south.” Elle’dred answered, “I was sent to Ullendrach. They had me training some new potentials for the Hall. I think they’re worried we’re running a little low on knights.”
Hheirdane raised his brow in mock curiosity, “That seems rather demeaning to the Champion of the White Wolf.”
“I volunteered,” Elle’dred elucidated, with a grin, “It took me away from Delphanas, for a time – and it was a treat for the few candidates I spoke to.”
“Any of them worthwhile?”
“I signed the charters for two – their sword skills were better than their peers, but honestly they were nothing spectacular.”
Hheirdane chortled, “You are too easy to please.”
“The Hall would be empty if I were not.” Elle’dred returned.
Hheirdane took a sip from his mug, “More knights, though means more men with swords hoping your death will come sooner rather than later.”
Elle’dred grinned, “We all make our own dooms, don’t we?”


Chapter 2

The first sea, the Well of All, looked always at the mountain and the sky that held it. And the mountain gazed back. For the longest of times they were happy, the mountain, the sea and the sky. But they grew lonely. And from the ice atop the mountain’s peak, a single tear was shed. It fell for a time, until it found the sea below. And when it struck the water a ripple was cast across the sea. The ripple grew until it met the shore of the first mountain. And so the Andarae were born.

*     *     *

The day had grown late. And still, the inner doors had not been opened. The serfs that attended the first hall had been uninformative as to exactly how long the Tribunal expected their guests to wait; though Elle’dred did not doubt, by their otherwise reverent demeanour, that they simply had not been told the full arrangements.
The servants had departed the foyer through the smaller doors on either side, at regular intervals – returning with the midday and afternoon meals, and to replenish the frequently dwindling supply of mead.
Hheirdane had nursed his mug since Elle’dred had arrived, and the Champion had on several occasions denied the offered refills. 
No further knights had arrived in the hours since morning; and that fact had eased Elle’dred’s apprehension, though not to a considerable degree. He had questioned the other soldiers, and members of his order – a process which had been far more interrogative than amiable; and with the exception of the female Sword-Bearer, the others were either stationed at the town, or had retreated to the hold’s confines to weather the storm.
Only the two Sword-Bearers and the Champion of the White Wolf had been summoned to the Magus Keep. That discovery had added a new depth of confusion to the concern that harried him.
Deprived of other topics, and with a darkening mindset, his conversation with Hheirdane had diverted to more serious matters.
“It is the lack of violence between stray warbands that worries me.” Hheirdane remarked.
“You think several warlords might have banded together?”
His friend answered with silence.
“It can’t be –” the Champion muttered, incredulously, “The goblins have always been too divided.”
“I think the goblins might finally have realised our weakness.”
Elle’dred was silent a moment, “Surely if there was a real threat, one that would pose a serious challenge to our western defences, the Archivists would have foreseen it. They would have called on our counsel – the Circle of Sword-Bearers hasn’t convened in months.”
Hheirdane scoffed, “The blasted book-keepers are underestimating it. They are too removed from the world, hidden in their libraries.”
“Hmmm, well I have not been out there – you could be right. This business with the magus might be related.” he paused, and smirked, “However, if it isn’t – once it’s concluded that is, I would speak with the Archivists. Requisition a force to investigate your suspicions. If there is weight to the rumours we should find out for certain.”
“You don’t have to go out of your way to make me feel better.”
“I wouldn’t be a very good Champion – or a friend, if I didn’t consider your advice. Though, I might advise you put a little more faith in our elected leaders than you do.”
Hheirdane freed a bitter laugh, “I’ll let you make up for my lack.” he sipped from his mug, “You are a…competent Champion, but you don’t have to weigh every word I speak.”
Elle’dred grinned, “If it would get you out of this dark mood, I would gladly inconvenience a few soldiers.”
Hheirdane chuckled, “The world is a dark place, why should my mood be any different?”
“You may have a point. Though don’t think I’ve yet given up hope of changing your pessimism. Why do you think I annoy you every time it flares up?”
His friend grimaced, but suppressed a chortle.
The conversation broke, as both were drawn to the opening of the outer doors. A guard captain of the township’s garrison strode into the hall; he paused momentarily to address several of the servants, who hurried away in a bustle of renewed activity, before he strode hurriedly to the inner doors, drew to a halt and knocked. The right door opened a crack in response, and the guard captain reported something. The man spoke in a whisper that Elle’dred could not overhear. The inner door was re-closed, and the man turned and exited the chamber – the outer entrance now left open in his wake.
Elle’dred watched the archway, patient but uncertain; a glance back at Hheirdane showed his friend shared the feeling.
Some long minutes passed, with no explanation offered as to what had or was transpiring; until the thrum of boots from the open corridor outside broke the unease and the silence.
The Champion of the White Wolf rose, as a contingent of guardsmen marched into the chamber. Each was armoured by a simple hauberk, leather jerkin, boots and bracers. Sheathed pairs of swords and daggers resided at their sides, while they carried javelins decorated with a pennon, blazoned alike their tabards – black, embroidered with the semblance of an eye, in white. Their insignia designated them City Guards of Delphanas.
They filed and stood to the sides, as those they protected proceeded into the foyer.
Three older men, two younger and a young woman, all clad in the austere, white robes of the Archivists moved in between their flanking cordons of guards. Each of the older men wore a simple sash across their chests, of differing colour – one purple, one red, one green.
Recognition of who the three men were, flared into trepidation, as Elle’dred watched; he was expressly familiar with each of them – the three Elder Archivists, Phio, Rethan and Ormus. Purple, red and green clad. They composed the Triumvirate; the overseeing political element responsible both for the Hall of the White Wolf and the Archivist Assembly that governed Ammandorn.
Their presence, alone, allowed no doubt that whatever the matter was that had brought them all to Grgadorn, it was severe – and the convoy which followed them served only as a further confirmation.
Twelve men and women, all Sword-Bearers of the White Wolf Hall, entered behind the six white-robed people; each, one of the twelve remaining members of the Circle. A dozen gazes swept the room with the sharp attentiveness enforced through a lifetime of military discipline; and, as each met the Champion’s eyes, the passing moment of recognition changed into a respectful nod.
Elle’dred returned the acknowledgements, as the outer doors of the chamber were closed.
The hall’s activity resumed, momentarily, as the Elder Archivists dismissed their guardsmen to seek sustenance and drink as the hall provided. But before any of the newly arrived dignitaries had chance to address the somewhat stunned Champion of the White Wolf, the creak of the inner doors’ hinges and the soft groan of their wood acquiescing to motion, elicited myriad gazes from around the room.
Again, the foyer was pervaded by the synchronised rhythm of boots, as a second procession of heavily armoured and armed men marched out from the northern archway. The spaciousness of the first hall drastically diminished with their arrival. 
These men – the Magus Guards, were the soldiers of the Tribunal’s army, and the appointed guardians of the Magus Keep. Their uniform, in ostentatious contrast, belittled the simplicity of the soldiers, guardsmen and even the Knights and Sword-Bearers that populated the chamber.
The Guardians of the Magus Keep each bore long vermillion robes – edged in gold that ran from gilded pauldrons – which draped on either side of bronze breastplates, emblazoned with the same intricate symbol that ran the length of the hall. Their faces were entirely covered by helmets and aventails; chased elaborately in gold – all save, for the faceplates.
The dull, unadorned visors that obscured each guard’s face were flawlessly identical, cast into the semblance of a man’s visage but with features that were characterless and uniform. The same stoic countenance stared out from underneath each helm.
The Magus Guards each brandished an elaborate guisarme; the distinctive weapons heralding the might and power of their institution. With a synchronicity that bordered on perfection, the vermillion guards stamped their right boots and parted into two lines, flanking the open archway.
From between the grandiose uniform that walled her announcing hallway of guardsmen, a young woman – clad in the simple ebony robes of a magus, trimmed in azure – moved out and surveyed the foyer.
She cleared her throat, “I am magus Daryna, retainer to the Tribunal. You have been summoned here at their behest; they are now ready to hold council.” she paused, and her gaze rested on the Archivists, “Follow me.”

In silence, the three Elder Archivists and their respective aides approached the corridor of vermillion guards and proceeded into the keep; close behind, the Sword-Bearers followed in the wake of their Champion. The Magus Guards closed the doors behind them.
They were led down a long hallway, which branched into a tortuous maze of passages – lined and lit by the orange flicker of torches. The corridors stretched on for some time into the immensity of the keep.
Abruptly, the passage ahead widened around a high curving wall, which situated a pair of large oaken doors. Daryna knocked lightly on the wood, and immediately the archway was opened. She entered and stood to the side as the Archivists and Knights filed into the room.
Four more of the Magus Guards held position around the council chamber. Two stood beside the open entrance, while the others flanked an identical set of doors, directly opposite.
The room was large and perfectly circular; the walls were the same unyielding grey stone that formed every part of the keep, and they melded seamlessly with the floor and the high domed ceiling. The room was mostly unadorned; lit, only, by a number of small sconces along the wall – the orange torchlight cast the bleak stone in reserved ambience.
The only furnishings that occupied the chamber were the two tables, each a half of a ring, spaced apart in correspondence with the two entrances. The rich mahogany of the tables did not deviate in the chairs which accompanied them; the left possessed four seats, and the right five – enough only that particular members of the group would be seated. 
A large book rested on the right table, reserved for the Tribunal; a banner hung behind it – crimson red, with a depiction of the five elements.

The three Elder Archivists assumed their places at the left table – the fourth seat, reserved for the Champion of the White Wolf Hall. Elle’dred, as always, felt uncomfortable as he sat; the formality isolated him ever further from his fellows.
The Circle of Sword-Bearers, Hheirdane among them, and the three aides to the Elder Archivists stood against the wall behind their leaders.
Elle’dred’s discomfort was worsened by the acknowledgement the elderly men beside him expressed; partly from the isolation he could not quash, and partly from impatience with the situation, he returned the gestures of respect more hurriedly than was proper, prompting a slight tick of annoyance on Ormus’ face. Thankfully, their attentions were drawn away, as the second doorway opened.
Daryna had crossed the room, and stood beside the set of doors as she addressed the dignitaries once more. Her demeanour emphasised the pride in her tone.
“Here enters the Tribunal,” she announced; two men and two women entered – each clothed in the same ebony and azure robes as their retainer, though more elaborate, “High Magus Sansurath,” Daryna named the first of the men, and the second, “High Magus Ragmurath,” she named the two women as “High Magus Helanath,” and “High Magus Gerdanath.”
Daryna paused, and waited as each have the High Magus moved beside their chairs; they all looked to the entryway as the fifth member of their order emerged.
The man bore an ornate mantle about his shoulders – two flaring, black-cloth pauldrons draped down into banners that hung over either side of his chest. The mantle obscured the darkness of his stately robes beneath – resplendent in azure needlework, two thin borders edged the periphery of myriad scrolling lines of text, the banners coated in and displaying all the founding laws of the Tribunal and Ammandorn. Fastened to his robes, and swaying slightly as he walked, the banners set his presence in grandeur and intricacy – but in his left hand, contrasting his elaborate mantle, he held a simple ebony staff.
The retainer finished, “The leader of the Tribunal, High Magus and Staff-Bearer Hadrath.”
As the High Magus moved past her, she exited the chamber and closed the doors. The Staff-Bearer approached the central chair and gestured for the other High Magus to be seated, as he faced the Archivists.
The elderly Magus’ face bore a lengthy white beard and was shrouded by deep wrinkles – but his countenance held a strength that offset any weakness of age. The grandiose raiment that beset him served solely to direct attention to his visage, and the authority he commanded with his eyes.
“Welcome Archivists and Knights,” he began in a stern but quiet voice, “The Tribunal has called you here for immediate – and secret council. Until it is deemed necessary, all that you witness within this room must not be spoken to any others. You will understand why this is so, in a short time.” he paused, noticing the displeased looks of the men seated before him, “We would have brought this before the Archivist Assembly in the halls of Delphanas – if it were not for the circumstances that beset us.” he paused again and glanced to either side, as if surveying his peers, “We have grave news, the Immortal is moving.”
The faces of the men before him, Elle’dred included, changed instantly to abject shock and disbelief. 
After a moment’s silence, Elder Archivist Phio leaned forward, “What proof do you have of this?”
“The Magus of Ambranas have been in contact with us –” Hadrath began, but was interrupted by the incredulous question of the Archivist.
“The City of Shades? This is where your supposition comes from?”
Hadrath sighed, “Elder Archivist Phio,” he said, steadily, “This is not supposition – it is fact. And the Magus of Ambranas have been loyal to their order since the darkness of Perrefiere first fell upon the city.”
“You would utter the name of the Dark Moon?” Elder Archivist Rethan interjected.
“I do not fear the myths and superstitions of the people, Elder Archivist Rethan.” Hadrath answered, flatly, “What I fear is that the names of the Immortal and his fortress of Perrefiere will soon become well known amongst them.”
Rethan moved to speak, but Phio made a small gesture with his hand that had him keep his silence.
“You would not have brought us here without considerable evidence,” Phio stated, “But I am curious as to what you think has proved this…‘belief’ of yours.”
Hadrath lowered himself into his chair, “Your disbelief is understandable, and not unwarranted. The Immortal has made no move for over two centuries, and admittedly it caught us off-guard.” the Staff-Bearer paused, “The Magus of Ambranas have sent scouts into the darklands and there they have seen armies and weapons of war being prepared.”
Brash and sceptical, Rethan once more interrupted, “How can you trust their words? The men of Ambranas have lived under the darklight for too long – they have been twisted and changed by the power of the dark moon.”
Before Hadrath could censure the accusation, High Magus Ragmurath responded, sharply, “The blood of the magus is not as weak as the other four. We do not succumb to evil.”
“Ragmurath.” Hadrath reproached, and waited as the High Magus sat back and lowered his eyes in respect – though his hubris remained evident.
Hadrath addressed Rethan, “If you would, Elder Archivist, please continue your objection.”
Rethan nodded to the Staff-Bearer, “The City of Shades is an exiled state and they observe no loyalty or obligation to us or the Tribunal. You may trust their words, but I do not – we do not.” he glanced at Phio; the other Elder Archivist sighed and gave a short nod to Hadrath.
“Then it is fortunate there are three of us.” Ormus remarked, impassively.
Before Rethan could pursue an argument, Phio intervened, “Are you saying you are convinced, Ormus?”
Ormus did not respond to his fellow Archivist; instead, he leant forward and addressed the Staff-Bearer, “You have proof other than the reports of a disloyal city, do you not?”
Hadrath met each of the Elder Archivists’ eyes in turn, “Forces are moving in the darklands of Eryndor. Armies of the Immortal marshal under the light of the dark moon – armies of foul beasts other than goblins. This is the truth,” he paused, stressing his words, “The Oracles of the City of Hresfyrra have seen it – they have confirmed all that has been reported. Furthermore, the city itself has sent their own scouts into the Immortal’s lands, and they have surmised the forces of the enemy to be far in excess of what Eryndor’s defences can withstand.”
“Why then, have we not received word of this?” Phio asked, “Surely Hresfyrra has dispatched messengers –”
“They have.” Hadrath answered abruptly, “But they will not arrive for some time.” he paused, “We have communed with the magus of both Ambranas and Hresfyrra through dreaming magics – and our communication has been much swifter.” he paused, “By your disbelief, then, I assume that my next question is answered – have the oracles of Delphanas not foreseen signs of this darkness?”
Without seeking Phio’s approval, Rethan replied, “I mean no disrespect Staff-Bearer, when I say that the oracles have seen no sign that the world itself is coming to an end.”
“Elder Archivists, you cannot be blind to this – the enemy of Eryndor is moving towards war.”
Rethan continued, unchecked by either of his fellows, “How can you speak of the end we cannot undo so freely? That the darkest power this world has known is preparing to destroy us, how can you regard it so readily?”
“Two hundred years ago the northern sun was slain,” Hadrath stated – authority crystallised in his voice, “Two hundred years ago the Dark Moon of Perrefiere was raised, and for two hundred years what have we done?” he paused, “Nothing. For two hundred years we have all remained complacent, dismissing all notion of threat. And now that the Immortal is moving, we find it impossible to believe. The evidence is before you – as it always has been – it is what claims the northern sky and casts half of Eryndor in dark light.” The invisible strength that resided in the Staff-Bearer’s eyes sharpened, though his voice remained quiet, “I mean to shame everyone in this room. Because we must be prepared to fight this war.”
After a pause Phio responded, “This war is not the only conflict we face.” The admission elicited a glance from Ormus.
“What?” Ragmurath snapped, fiercely.
“The Goblins are preparing for war.” Phio said, flatly; the admission forced a sigh from the Staff-Bearer, “The oracles have not seen the end of the world before us; however, what was not said thereupon, is that they have seen a war that awaits us. They have prophesied a terrible conflict will descend upon Ammandorn – and with the reports that have emerged from Agdor, we had thought that what they meant was the war the goblins mean to bring to our lands.” Phio paused; Hadrath’s gaze prompted him to continue, “By now rumour has spread that in the west the goblins have been sighted moving in great numbers – these rumours are true. The goblins are massing in the wastes of Agdor – and what is most troubling, is that they are marshalling under one banner. The infighting that has so long kept them at bay seems to be resolved.”
“Why have we not been told of this?” High Magus Gerdanath interrupted.
“We only confirmed our suspicions recently – the Assembly has yet to decide what is to be done,” Phio paused, “But as we each have grave news for Ammandorn I decided it best to inform you now. The goblins are preparing for war – and in such numbers that have not been seen since the war of Thgad. But furthermore I believe now – from what you have said – that this is no coincidence, that this gathering of warlords – that the Immortal,” he paused, the name resounded heavily throughout the room, “– that the Immortal may have had a hand in this.”
“Is it really your place to decide that for us?” Ormus asked.
“It makes sense Ormus.” Phio answered.
“Indeed it does,” the Elder Archivist responded, flatly, “But will you decide all the deliberations of the Assembly, yourself?”
“Enough Ormus.” Rethan interjected.
“In this I agree with you Elder Archivist,” Hadrath said, “The Immortal is likely in league with the goblins of Agdor. No doubt they are to be the first wave of his war. Our defences will be severely weakened if we must defend against the goblins, and when the enemy’s real force reaches our shores we will not have the strength to repel him.” the Staff-Bearer paused, as a disheartened silence fell over the room, “However, there is one small thing that may give us hope – a way we may deal a blow to the Immortal before his war is upon us. And the reason we have called you all here, to Grgadorn.”
All eyes drew expectantly to the Staff-Bearer.
“The most damning evidence we have yet uncovered,” Hadrath paused; for a moment he seemed unsure at how he should best continue – he finished, “– I will let it speak for itself.”
He nodded to the guards. They opened the doors through which the Tribunal had entered, and departed the chamber. A few moments passed before the sounds of their heavy boots striking the stonework signalled their return.
Four guards entered the open archway. A fifth shape moved between them, obscured by their flowing red robes. All that could be seen, in the small openings between the vermillion, was the brief black shimmer of the figure’s surface; but in a flurry of movement, the enshrouding curtains parted, and the grinding of chains rung over the heavy thud of flesh being thrown against the floor.
In the instant that followed, however, the Elder Archivists stood, recoiled, and backed away towards the knights who without exception had each reached to their waists – their hands on the hilts of their swords. Even Elle’dred had been forced from his seat, and moved for his weapon.
The elderly men could not stifle the shock – nor the disgust that transfixed their faces.

The sheen of its obsidian skin glistened in the light of the torches. Long, sharp scales flowed across its thin, sinuous body. A cape of skin covered its back; two limp fins of webbed flesh draped behind it like unfurled sails – its wings. From its waist, a long, writhing tail ran seamlessly out behind it, and curled around its wiry legs – between which the signatures of its male gender resided.
Its lanky arms flanked its narrow chest, and were dragged by the manacles at its wrists – which highlighted its hands.
Each bore slender fingers tipped in ebony claws; but from between its foremost knuckles, emerged curving talons of bone. The black blades dwarfed its hands, and as they pivoted between its knuckles – overshadowing its fingers, the creature’s arms resembled onyx scythes.
But amidst all the obsidian horror that was its body, its long serpentine face stood out. The scales fell away from where its neck – bound by a heavy collar – met its skull; ending at the protruding rim of the mask of bone that was its face. The edged rim of the bone extended past its head, cresting at the back and covering the under-bite of its scaled lower jaw. 
Its face was naturally – and disturbingly expressionless, permanently cast into the stillness of the dull, black bone. The surface was smooth and unbroken, save only for the pair of nostril-holes atop the tip of its snout – and the deeply embedded sockets that were carved into either side of its face, where the gleam of its abyssal dark eyes shone. They were afraid.

The Archivists gaped at the unnatural creature that lay, in the centre of the room, before them.
“What is that thing?” Phio managed, shaken by abhorrence and surprise. The knights held their places protectively around the Archivists, and although the creature was bound by heavy chains they each would not relinquish the hilts of their weapons.
“This is an Incarnate.” Hadrath said; his voice was unnervingly calm.
In its nakedness, the creature shivered. It tried weakly to reach for its side. The guards yanked its hand away – forcing a subdued yelp from it.
Elle’dred inspected its flank and noticed the obsidian colouration was broken by the red of an open wound. Others, half-healed were lost in the darkness of its scales and the dimness of the torchlight. Amongst the stench that wafted off the creature, the knight caught the scent of blood; a sensation that in his many years of combat normally would not have unsettle his gut – except this time, it disgusted him.
The Incarnate shivered sporadically, trying vainly to force its trembling into inoffensive stillness.
Hadrath continued, “You see now the terror that the Immortal will bring to our lands.” 
Each of the High Magus calmly regarded the men held aghast opposite them. 
The Elder Archivists would not return to their seats; they were too close to the thing that lay before them. Only Elle’dred managed to move forward and view the creature more closely. 
Its wounds were partially obscured as it tried, surreptitiously, to hide itself within the slack skin of its wings – but the droplets of blood that ran across its belly were unmistakable. In the silence of the room only its shallow breaths could be heard.
“You interrogated it?” Elle’dred asked.
Ragmurath answered the knight, “When we discovered it,” the High Magus paused – realising his impetuousness, he looked to his superior and received Hadrath’s approval in a glance, “We had thought that it was simply a soldier of the enemy –”
“The Immortal has an army of these things?” Rethan interjected, interrupting Ragmurath; the High Magus let out an irked sigh, as he narrowed his eyes at the Archivist.
“Not exactly.” Hadrath answered, quietly. The sternness of his voice weakened as he looked down on the creature.
Ragmurath’s gaze, however, carried only disgust, “This Incarnate is unique.” he finished.
“What is an Incarnate?” Ormus asked; his demeanour had recovered more than his fellows. He ventured forward and joined the Champion of the White Wolf at the table.
“Incarnate magic is a forbidden practice,” Helanath answered, her diminutive voice heard for the first time, “And it has been so for many centuries.” Her eyes lingered on Ormus, and the Archivist accepted the explanation with a tilt of his head.
Hadrath continued, surprising his peers, “It is a practice that binds the spirit and blood of a beast to that of a man.” he paused, though was unfazed by the concerned and cautioning looks from beside him, “We have only the oldest of records to refer to – but in the binding, the blood of the beast replaces the blood that the man was born to, and changes his body irrevocably.” again the Staff-Bearer paused, “Yet the most disturbing thing about this creature is that the spirit bound to it bears no semblance to any creature known – it is not of this world, but rather, some demon brought forth from the darkest of the nether-realms.”
“Demons are superstition.” Phio managed, but a quake in his voice evidenced the lack of conviction in his own words.
“And yet this creature lies before you as plain and real as any man.” Hadrath answered, “Again I must excuse your disbelief, for I had to overcome mine also – there is no power that men or the dwarves or even the elves possessed that could achieve such a terrible thing as this. Only the power of the Dark Moon is capable of tearing open the world and creating such a creature.” he paused, “And still yet, there is more to tell you – for this Incarnate is special, and is meant for a purpose we must undo. This Incarnate is a weapon – is the weapon of the Immortal, and will likely decide the outcome of the war if we let it.”
“Then why have you not killed it?” Ormus inquired, impassively.
“This being cannot be allowed to die,” Hadrath answered, “– why, will be explained.” he glanced over to Ragmurath and nodded, allowing the High Magus to, again, assume the lead of the session.
High Magus Ragmurath stood; his contemptuous glare shifted from the creature to the Archivists, “During the course of our interrogation we discovered something of interest about this thing –”
“It answered your questions?” Phio asked, glancing to the creature; revulsion lingered in his features.
Ragmurath let an annoyed breath escape him, “No. It spoke few words and answered nothing – if it is capable of proper speech at all. However, through our methods of questioning we discovered a quality of its nature – and in fact, it was the discovery that impelled our investigation of it.”
The High Magus nodded to one of the guards. In their shock, none of the Knights or the Archivists had noticed that the guardsman had carried a brand with an incandescent tip. The guard approached the creature, directing the glowing end of the brand towards its forearm.
It struggled suddenly – but weakly, attempting to recoil its limb as the heat neared its skin. Another of the guards, who carried a baton, lashed a swift strike across its face. A clack of bone and wood sounded, covering the short cry of pain from the Incarnate. 
The other guards who held its chains drew them taught, holding its arm in place – its struggling made futile. The brand was pressed to its skin.
A plume of fire erupted from its obsidian flesh – where the searing metal was held upon it. The flickering fire shot upwards, and reached across the surrounding scales with sinister tongues of orange flare. The crackle of flames and the sizzle of flesh washed over the room – amidst the hoarse scream of the Incarnate.
“Enough.” Hadrath ordered. The guards immediately removed the brand.
The creature’s breaths were short in agony – its arm shook.
“You will note that its flesh bears no sign of burning,” Ragmurath continued, coldly, “However, the most prominent evidence of its purpose is the flames that erupt from it.” he paused for a moment, “We discovered that this thing – this weapon, has been prophesied since the raising of the Dark Moon.”
Ragmurath directed the room’s attention back to the Staff-Bearer.
Hadrath opened the book on the table in front of him, “What I read is from the Journals of Darllyndus, Staff-Bearer to the Tribunal during the time of the northern sun’s falling – ‘Many prophecies have come to the oracles, all concerning the darkness above. One thing has been made abundantly clear – the being that raised this Dark Moon of Perrefiere and cast the land of the Elves into darkness is beyond anything of this world. This being is ancient beyond remembering, and though many are convinced that the world’s doom is at hand, the oracles have blatantly said that it is not. This being, that has come to be known as The Immortal, however, will some day move against us. The elves have seen more than we – perhaps because of the darkness that lingers over them – and what they have told us brings me only sorrow. They see their end – that they will be consumed by the darkness of Perrefiere, and that their lands will be rendered barren and lifeless. They have said that the Immortal will one day bring war to Eryndor and Ammandorn, and that only men will be left to oppose him. But their words also give me hope – that we may yet prepare, or at least mount an informed defence. They speak of the weapon-key of Perrefiere, the wound of the first-world that will allow in all the darkness of the nether-realms and that will bring the fires of the three hells to our lands. They say the weapon will be bound to a life, and this life must not be taken, lest the Immortal reforge the weapon in the world’s ending.
I do not claim to understand this, but daunting as it may sound, I affirm my belief that knowledge is always a power to be reckoned with. That said, a vision of a lesser Oracle has come to me – the Archivists are at a loss to interpret it – and I see why. It addresses this weapon, and reads thus;

The doom I speak shall come to pass,
Whether word of life is lost,
The darkness falls upon the sky,
The north shall fall to dust,

And from this dust shall come to be,
An Angel, black as night,
His flesh shall know the flames of hell,
And birth the one who died.

Although it seems to make little sense now, I record this in the hope that whenever it is that the Immortal strikes, it will be of some use. As of yet no other prophecies about the weapon have come from our oracles, and any that are of note will be added to this entry.’ – there were no other prophecies.” Hadrath admitted, and paused as he looked at the Archivists; the strength of his gaze faltered for a moment – as a sudden, unexplained guilt weakened his features, “That is, save for that of the Birth-Reader Abatha.” the Staff-Bearer was forced to pause again, as he collected himself, “Although I maintain that it was necessary to confirm our suspicions of what this creature is, I regret what came of our method.”
The Staff-Bearer sighed, and seemed unable to continue his explanation. 
High Magus Helanath stepped in, “We requested a Birth-Reader be dispatched from Delphanas –”
“I requested the oracle.” Hadrath corrected; he nodded an acknowledgement to the High Magus, “I had deemed it necessary to use an oracle’s sight to discern the truth of this creature.”
This admission finally forced the Elder Archivists from their shocked stupor.
“That is reckless and illegal, Hadrath.” Rethan growled; he glared at the Leader of the Tribunal as though the man’s authority had suddenly fallen away.
“Nor is it your place to interpret her prophecies,” Phio chastised, moving closer to the table – the creature’s presence was momentarily forgotten, “Where is Abatha? We must counsel her.”
“She is dead.” Hadrath said, forthrightly. The archivists were stunned, their expressions returned to a semblance of that from which they had just recovered.
“What?” Phio managed through a stutter.
“She succumbed to her wounds not long before you arrived.” Hadrath answered.
“Wounds?” Rethan barked; his reserved demeanour was entirely lost to him, “How was she wounded?”
“Her eyes were burnt from her skull.” Ragmurath declared; Hadrath grimaced in pain, as though the words had dealt an unseen blow.
“Ragmurath.” he muttered. 
Silence pervaded the room.
“I apologize, Staff-Bearer,” Ragmurath said with an improper air of contempt, “But these men must know the extent of the evil that is that thing.”
The High Magus glared at the creature on the floor.
Hadrath released a heavy breath and sat back in his chair. The incredulous stares of the Archivists drew to Ragmurath.
“The oracle was informed of what she was to undertake, and she willingly agreed to it.” the High magus explained, flatly, “She was brought before the creature; she held its hand and attempted to glimpse its destiny. Immediately wounds opened across her body – wounds that were identical to those the creature had been subject to during its interrogation. Furthermore, flames spurted from her eyes, searing the flesh shut. She was rendered mad, and retained no semblance of sanity – fortunately, however, she did confirm our suspicions. The only thing she spoke coherently was what we had asked her to read.”
“Ragmurath.” Hadrath reprimanded; the authority of his voice was recovered, “As I said, I regret what happened to Abatha – but it was necessary.”
Phio’s eyes glinted dangerously; infuriation shifted between the High Magus and the creature, as though the Elder Archivist hardly perceived a difference between them.
“And what did she say?” he asked, enforcing an, albeit, edged calmness.
“‘Evil is all I see, evil burns me, the fires of the hells will take me, madness and greed becomes me, the weapon of Perrefiere is born, the weapon that will end the world in flame, it is the doom of Ammandorn, and must not be allowed to stay, take it far from me – cast it away, it must not be allowed to stay, it is the doom of Ammandorn, it will burn this land away.’ – those are her words,” Hadrath said, as though admitting to further guilt, “A broken prophecy, but one that confirms all else that has been said about this creature.”
“Remove it.” Phio commanded, meeting Hadrath’s gaze. The Staff-Bearer nodded to the guards, and with the same brutal force they had shown upon entering – jerked the creature to its feet and dragged it from the council chamber. A stain of blood remained where it had lain.
The Elder Archivists hesitantly returned to their seats.
“What has been done can never happen again,” Phio said, “If we are to hear any more of what you have to say, you must promise me that no such act will ever again be sanctioned, not without consulting us.”
“It is not your place to dictate law to us.” Ragmurath responded, but was silenced by the Staff-Bearer.
“You have my word,” Hadrath said, “Elder Archivist.”
Phio nodded, “I hold no doubt that the Immortal means to make war. Do any of my fellow Elder Archivists?”
“No.” Ormus answered, unequivocally.
Rethan responded more reluctantly, “No.”
“You said the Immortal has an army not only of goblins,” Phio questioned, “Can we expect other things like that?”
“Yes.” Hadrath answered, “We believe – I hope,” he added, honestly, “That the Immortal has only brought one demon into our world and that the enemy’s other incarnates are more – mundane. But do not mistake me, incarnates are beyond the bloods and more powerful than any man.”
“If they are so powerful, and that one more so – how then did it fall into your hands?” Rethan asked.
“A valid question,” Hadrath began, “And no small irony that you would say ‘fall’ into our hands – for it very well did just that. A patrol was moving through the Warded Valley several weeks ago, where it was caught in a storm. The captain saw the sky flash, unlike any storm he had ever seen – and he saw something fall from the clouds. It was darker than the sky, and as he watched it fall he felt as though he had seen his own death,” Hadrath paused; regret deepened his features, “He drove his men out into the blizzard. Two perished from the cold. But they brought the creature back with them. I do not mean to interpret prophecy when I say that I believe this creature came to us through fate. That we were destined to discover and capture it.”
The Elder Archivists gave no objection to the Staff-Bearer’s statement.
Ormus leant forward, “What are we to do about it? If it cannot remain in Ammandorn – as the words of Abatha state, and we cannot kill it, how are we to deal the blow to the Immortal that you spoke of?”
Hadrath rubbed his brow and freed a sigh of exhaustion, “I apologise, it is growing late and I tire,” he paused, “I spoke perhaps too quickly for the circumstances that are upon us. The Tribunal is investigating a way in which we may undo this weapon without killing the creature. But we will need some time to refine our method.”
The Elder Archivists moved to object, but Hadrath silenced them with an upheld hand. As he lowered his arm, he stood and addressed those still seated before him.
“We have spoken enough for one day, I am certain there is much you wish to discuss amongst yourselves, and the Tribunal has matters it must attend to, matters that may provide an answer to your question.” he paused, “Many of you have travelled here without rest; I suggest you find such for the night. For now we are in adjournment – we will reconvene when we have more. The guards will show you to your quarters.”
Without another word, Hadrath moved to the doors; the rest of the Tribunal rose and fell in behind him. The magus leaders left the council chamber in silence.
The Archivists and the knights each waited for a time, before – amongst hushed mutterings of contempt and irritation – the archivists moved out into the hallway, followed by the Circle of Sword-Bearers. Only Elle’dred and Hheirdane remained behind.
Elle’dred glanced away from the empty centre of the room, as his friend sat beside him; Hheirdane’s features were as despondent as ever.
“I think that more of that mead may sit well with me now.” Elle’dred remarked.

 
Chapter 3

The Andarae were the children of the first heaven. They were each a bright flame that lit the sky, and they filled the mountain, and the sea with joy. The Andarae were beyond age, and walked without shadow. And they were happy. But the children of the first heaven grew restless. They wished to know the sky, and all the things that lay upon it. So the Andarae left to wander the sky, for a time.

*     *     *

Phio sat in the lavish quarters assigned to his fellow Elder Archivist, Rethan; while his friend paced restlessly in front of him. Rethan snapped to and fro such that had his shadow not been so securely fastened to his body he would have torn free of it. Although he was younger than Phio, it was still a small miracle that his ankles did not buckle or his legs snap with each sudden and forceful jerk that inverted his direction.
The younger Elder Archivist shot a glare at the vermillion banner that hung on the western wall of the room. It seemed to be a further affront, an unsubtle reminder of who held the power of the place. 
Clenching fists showed Rethan scantly resisted the urge to tear it down.
Phio sighed, half in exasperation, and half to remind his friend such behaviour was unbefitting of a man of his position.
“You cannot believe that.” Rethan growled in frustration.
“I don’t need to.” Phio responded, “It is simply unfeasible.”
“They broke the law.”
“Their law.” The Elder Archivist pronounced, tired of the conversation, “We cannot ask the Tribunal to convict themselves of a crime they deemed necessary.”
“An oracle is dead.” Rethan spat blatantly, as though his conviction required no further proof.
“At the hands of that vile demon thing.”
“The Tribunal allowed Abatha to die – they used her without considering the dangers of that thing.” Rethan gritted his teeth, “They knew she risked her sight, if not her life – and that is a crime we cannot forgive.”
“But if we had sanctioned it, it would have been legal.”
“We could have protected her – denied their request – guided her in her reading at the very least, she was not prepared for what they asked of her. And she paid for their negligence.”  
“I am fully aware of that.” Phio answered, “And while that offends me greatly, she is but the first casualty of this coming war.”
“Phio –” Rethan attempted to chastise.
“We must see this for what it is – war. More than just our laws are being threatened.  We cannot afford dissention if we are to have any hope of winning this conflict.”
“So the law does not matter when war is concerned?”
“You know that is not what I meant,” Phio snapped, glaring.
Rethan held his gaze, unwaveringly, “Then what?”
The question lingered as the older man looked up at his peer. Rethan’s dark brown eyes stared from underneath his creased brow with a righteousness that unnerved Phio. The Elder Archivist that stood before him was a decade younger than he; and although the man was balding and bore a short brown beard that softened his face, his eyes were as hard as steel. The righteous fire that burned within them was not undeserved – and what unnerved the older man most was that Rethan’s countenance was an unpleasant reminder of what he himself had been like a decade ago. Of the conviction that had waned in him.
“Rethan the law is not in question – but these were exceptional circumstances.”
“Bah!” Rethan snorted in disgust, “All you can do is excuse them.”
Phio sighed, “I cannot dissuade you, so I will not try. However, I am certain that Ormus will not agree with you either –”
“Of course not,” Rethan retorted, “He is the Tribunal’s pet.”
Phio gave gruff laugh, “You are not wrong there,” he paused, “Rethan, by majority we would vote against pursuing this matter.”
Rethan shot a glance at him, and moved over to the lounge. The younger Elder Archivist lowered himself to the leather upholstering and reclined, stiffly.
“I hope then that this is the only law we will allow the Magus to break.” he muttered.
The silence that fell over the room allowed the muffled and unsettling howl of the wind to remind them both of their surroundings. The storm that the magus had held back for two days above Grgadorn now wailed unceasingly from outside – so violently that although they were deep inside the immense, stone building both of the Archivists feared the wind’s fury might bring the grey masonry down around them.
The thought fleeted through Phio’s mind, that he would not mind such.
“I don’t suppose you plan to sleep tonight then?” he asked, steering their dying conversation onto other matters.
“After what we have seen, can you sleep?”
“No, I don’t suppose I will –” an attempted sardonic laugh quickly faded into a dejected frown, “I think my dreams might be haunted for many nights yet by that thing.”
“If you are tired you can leave.” Rethan said.
“Is there anything else you wish to discuss?”
Rethan’s eyes had become vacant in thought, disregarding the other Elder Archivist; and for a while Phio allowed the sounds of the storm to whisper through the walls. The weight of tiredness and frustration seemed to forestall any thought.
“I think I will retire.” the older archivist said, standing. 
Rethan seemed to return to the room for a moment, although as he asked his question he did not look at his friend, “What if it had been Lyrien?”
“That is not a fair question Rethan.” Phio reprimanded harshly, his tiredness abruptly forgotten.
Rethan held his silence for a moment, and then raised apologetic eyes, “No, I don’t suppose it was.”
Phio sighed, “We are both exhausted – try to get some sleep. The last thing we need is an incident between a member of the Tribunal and an Elder Archivist. And at the very least, it would reflect better on all of us if you were not so confrontational at the next convening.”
Rethan let out a disgruntled chuckle, “I am afraid in that I cannot oblige you.”

*     *     *

The Incarnate sobbed. He could not conjure tears, but the pain in his chest was too much for his frail form to contain. The uncontrollable shiver that shook his flesh failed to fight off the chill of his cell. The waves of pain that lapped against him with each quake eroded any hope of sleep.
His arm still ached from where the brand had been pressed. It stung each time he tested the skin to see if it was actually burnt. The scales were undamaged, but the pain lingered.
The tenderness would fade eventually – as it did each time they had burnt him. The thought granted no relief.
His stomach gurgled; fortunately, the sharp pang was transitory, and returned to the dull ache of hunger. Starvation offered no comfort amidst the reek of his prison; the chill had worsened.
Curled up in the cleanest corner of his cell, he had wrapped his long tail around himself, and tried to use his wings as a makeshift blanket. But the mounting cold, against his defenceless nakedness, forced his teeth to chatter and the bone-mask of his face to click against the floor with each restless shiver. The bone seemed to capture the chill of the air around him – more so than his manacles – and his face felt like ice when he rested it on his shoulder. The warmth of his flesh was unable to reproach the bare bone, and when it bit too hard for him to stand he let it rest against the stone once more. It seemed a small kindness that he could not feel anything through his face.
His talons were also frigid – the long curving daggers of bone affixed to his hands made each small movement awkward and scraped the floor as he languidly rubbed his chest. He was grateful the darkness of the corner hid them – grateful the darkness hid him.
Bright light was not something he was accustomed to – and his excursion into the upper levels of his prison had been the only time he remembered feeling warmth. Beyond the heat of brands. 
The memory of the burning quashed any longing for absence of his cell, and he huddled as tightly as he could manage. He yearned for sleep. 

*     *     *

Elle’dred sat gazing at the flames of the fire that fought off the deathly chill of the storm. The fireplace still roared with unyielding ferocity, and its crackles and spurts moved in dancing waves as a comforting symphony of heat. Hheirdane sat at his side, staring into the fire as well – their eyes alight in its blaze.
“I had not realised how tired I was.” Elle’dred muttered, breaking the silence.
The other knight gave a faint grunt in response. 
They had both nursed mugs of mead for hours now – and yet the morning had arrived far too quickly. Save for the two knights, the first hall was entirely empty. And silent. Only the ever-constant flicker of fire maintained conversation. Elle’dred’s mind was too weary and beleaguered to form words. Despite the soothing melody of the flames and the somnolence of the mead, weariness could not overcome the burden of thought.
“That thing – I had not thought –” Elle’dred tried, “I do not remember when – it was so…” his words faded, and he took another mouthful.
Hheirdane said nothing in return. More long moments passed in silence.
“You were right though.” Elle’dred said, and continued half-mockingly, “I guess you could call it a relief – instead of investigating whether a war is coming, we can take solace in knowing we have one to look forward to.”
“I don’t understand –” Hheirdane muttered, “How you can joke about such things.”
Elle’dred let a sardonic smile rise to his lips, “The Magus are terrified about the darkness of Eryndor, the Archivists terrified about the goblins, I guess we –”
“Could you not talk?” his friend snapped, angrily. 
The unexpected irascibility shocked him, “What has you in such a foul mood?”
“Those damn Archivists –” Hheirdane growled, “They knew there was a threat and they have done nothing about it.”
Elle’dred sighed, “Yes, they should have informed us –”
“They are arrogant and useless – playing with people’s lives – how many more sons have to die before they learn.”
Elle’dred remained silent. His friend let out a heavy breath, the mead was partly to blame – but he could not mistake the suppressed rage. 
Hheirdane glanced at him, “At least we will get to kill some goblins.” he mumbled.
A smile moved over Elle’dred’s face, “At least.” he paused, “The goblins are moving, the – Immortal is supporting them, the world is coming to an end – and all I can think is how,” he scoffed a laugh, “Is how inconvenient it all is.”
Hheirdane chuckled, but his response was weighed by his characteristic cheerlessness, “I don’t suppose you would understand how selfish that sounds,” he snorted, “You really are too young to be the Champion.”
“You are only four years older than me,” Elle’dred quipped, “And at least I am honest – I admit to my selfishness – and even if I didn’t, it wouldn’t change the fact I am the Champion.”
“You would hardly know it.” Hheirdane jibed. 
Elle’dred scowled, “And what do you mean by that?”
The other knight frowned, but did not meet his eyes, “You carry yourself with less dignity than befits your title, you don’t stand against the fools that are jealous of you – and you talk too much.”
Elle’dred scoffed, “And you talk too little – I have to make up for your despairing silences.” he paused a moment as Hheirdane managed to chuckle, again, “Titles are just names to me – and as for the fools that are jealous of me, it doesn’t help that I am the youngest champion in the history of our order – and born to undestined blood to top that,” earnestness overtook his features, as he muttered, “Many of them are just bigoted about their blood.”
Hheirdane gave a reluctant sigh, “The sword-born are.”
“You are not as bigoted as some,” Elle’dred jested, trying to wrench another smile from his friend, “And respect is not something you can force.”
Hheirdane grunted quietly in response.
“You were right about the world being dark,” Elle’dred said, after a pause, “War is not something I relish – if not only because of the extra duties that shall be heaped upon me – but what I fear will become of it.”
His friend offered no response.
“It seems we will have to fight,” he continued; his voice lowered to a mumble as his train of thought returned to that that had kept him up throughout the night, “And at that, a battle we are not prep–” he trailed off; gazing into the lulling flicker of the fire before him.

*     *     *

Although the morning had arrived, there was little sign of it throughout the Magus Keep. The cloak of menacing black that suffocated the light of dawn was unwavering in the torrential white fury it unleashed upon the valley. The cascade of snow was so heavy that only the palest of glows managed to tell of the southern sun rising. And the light of the morn could not overcome the dredging darkness inside the hold. Everywhere, the torches had been relit to illuminate the passageways and rooms, but their amber glow seemed only to enhance the now more prominent shadows that loomed in every corner.
Grgadorn, though, slowly crawled its way from the stillness of night into a more appropriate liveliness. The serfs of the Magus Keep bustled hither and thither to prepare the first meals of the day, and deliver it to the patrons of their home.
And as the morning grew, many of the lower magus began to invade the corridors, hurrying from one room to another – undisturbed by the convoluted labyrinth of passageways or the biting, cold stone of the halls. The Keep was more than a bastion for the Tribunal, it was in fact a school, a housing complex and a library – many libraries – as much as being the centre for the courts of Ammandorn.
Syla smirked as an unregimented mob of young magus, none of them older than eight, was chided by their teacher as they swept by her in a flurry of chatter and laughter.
She had been a little older than they, when she had first been sent to Grgadorn – and now, in her adulthood, she had become their teacher. She felt a small pang of regret as they moved away from her – she had always been more comfortable with her studies and the libraries than with the other children of her class. People were more difficult than books.
Fittingly, it was a library she had sought on her morning walk through the keep.
Nimble, lustrously pale fingers brought a key out from the pocket of her ebony robe and, as she grasped the cold metal of the handle with her other hand, inserted it in the lock of the door. She turned it, but the lack of sound informed her someone had already unlocked it. She sighed and pushed; the door opened in acquiescence.
She closed it as she entered the curving library that stretched up five floors. She caught sight of the dwarven librarian as he perched against the railing of the second balcony on the far side of the room. The railing had not been built for one of his stature – eclipsing his head from where he stood – and as the stubborn creak of the door alerted him to someone entering his domain he had to stand on the tips of his feet to raise his eyes above the balustrade.
Having surmised that Syla was not unduly invading his territory he lowered his head once more and continued his conversation with the magus beside him.
Syla moved in between the shelves and began to browse; her attention was drawn away to the burst of raucous laughter that ended the librarian’s conversation. The other magus, a somewhat dashing young man with a cavalier smile and shaggy red-brown hair – that had he been a student, she would’ve reprimanded him for – moved down from the balcony and towards the entryway.
They exchanged a nod of acknowledgement as he passed her.
“Magus Dus.” she said.
“Syla.” he returned, the grin not fading from his face as he left. The dwarf had followed him down to the ground floor and now approached her. 
To the commonfolk a dwarf would have been a marvelled sight; since the establishment of the treaty, the dwarves remained secluded in their domain to the east, and maintained a strict position of political isolation. The rare dwarf was permitted to leave, and enter Ammandorn – though such a dwarf always carried the weight of spectacle and rarity; and whether qualified or not, oft served as a representative of his otherwise enigmatic people.
Syla smirked in return to the librarian’s beaming expression of mirth that crinkled what little skin could be seen under his heavy, plaited, black beard.
“Aklavar,” she greeted, “I see the morning is well in meeting you.”
“And you, I’d hope.” he responded, chuckling, “And what might you have come down here for on this bleak morning?”
“Business for the Tribunal.” she answered, matter-of-factly; she gently tucked a lock of her waist-length hair – dark as her magus robes – behind her ear, as she explained, “The Staff-Bearer has asked me to review a number of texts. I believe it has something to do with their business with the Archivists.” she paused, and allowed a slight curling of her lip, “And, I figured that if I don’t get it out of the way now it will never get done.”
The dwarf’s grin widened, although it seemed difficult to do so, “I see – your overwhelming sense of duty astounds me,” he could not restrain another hearty chuckle, “Well however I can help the loathsome Tribunal, I will be happy to.”
Syla suppressed a laugh, and glanced at the shelf in front of her, “I will need to find the books –”
“Hence coming to a library, of course.” the dwarf quipped.
Syla smiled, “I am not entirely sure why he chose me specifically, for this task though.”
“Indeed,” the dwarfed agreed, “You should be bogged down in grading and exams rather than showing your pretty face around my dusty shelves – eh, what exactly are you researching?”
“He said he would inform me once I procured the books I am to use.”
“How enlightening,” the dwarf jibed, “Which books in particular were you looking for?”
Syla removed a piece of folded paper and handed it to Aklavar. The librarian, with his left hand, deftly opened the parchment, while with his right reached under his long beard and removed a pair of golden-framed spectacles. Perching them on his wide nose, the dwarf surveyed the list before him.
“The Grimiore of Kharrag, the Tome of Ythrach and the diaries of Ardyun.” he glanced up to her, “I see you’re in for some light reading – in all seriousness, could you try to find some darker texts?”
“It is what the Staff-Bearer has ordered me to read,” she said, “And I would think I don’t have to tell you, that I’ve never shied away from a book in my life.”
Loosing an overly sarcastic harrumph, the dwarf turned and marched to a shelf on the far wall.
“Well the Tome and diaries I can help you with – the Grimiore, last I recall – hah, I am sure that Hadrath himself has it.”
“Then he may have forgotten about it.”
“Or he doesn’t remember where he put it.” the dwarf scoffed.
Syla smirked, “I would think so.”
 “How helpful,” the dwarf muttered, “There is little we can do if we cannot remember – bah. Sometimes I wish we had the Archivists here to help, they know how to keep things filed. Magus might know a lot, but they certainly do not know how to keep their things tidy.” he turned and strode towards the shelves behind him.
“I am glad you can joke so freely at this time.” Syla replied – half in reproach, watching the librarian.
“I could joke if the sun fell out of the sky and the land crumbled before my feet – which one of has actually happened in my lifetime. Of course a member of the Tribunal would chastise me greatly for joking about that, but then again you men never did have a sense of humour.”
The dwarf stroked his beard and hurried over to another shelf. The books were arranged in no particular order or way. Few had their spines to the front, and most seemed placed very lazily wherever there had been an empty spot on the shelf.
“I assume you could use some help?” Syla asked.
“Feel free,” the dwarf ransacked a shelf, shuffling the books about with little care, but every time one dropped he seemed to catch it before it could fall very far. He placed them all back and moved over to the adjacent shelves.
Syla let out a quiet sigh of amusement and amazement, she couldn’t decide which was more prominent, and walked over to a bookcase the librarian had yet to peruse.
“I don’t suppose you would want me to put these in order?” she asked.
“As I said, feel free – with all the people who come in here it’ll be messy in a day or so – just because I complain does not mean I want to do anything about it.”
Syla managed a laugh, and continued to look over the books. She removed one that interested her.
“What is this?”
“What?” the dwarf didn’t look up from his rapid shuffling.
“It is a spell book, the name is unfamiliar,” Syla walked over to him, “Here.” she said, offering the book to him for inspection.
He glanced down onto it, momentarily, “Oh, it is a collection of spells of the deep magics – none of them powerful. I think it was written by a young magus, one of his first.” 
Syla flipped through the pages and returned it to the shelf.
“Every time I come here I am reminded how old some parts of my home are.” she remarked.
“Nothing wrong with old.” the dwarf retorted.
Syla began to order the shelf.
“Ah!” her companion exclaimed, “Found it. I knew it was here somewhere, of course someone probably used it – or maybe I did, no matter, though why it was put there I do not know. Here,” he said, beaming again as he handed the book to her.
As she took hold of the thick tome, she repressed a frown at the unexpected weight of the book. Inspecting the old, worn cover, she asked, “The others?”
The dwarf answered her by striding to yet another shelf far across the room, “I think one of them was put here, I was using it not a month ago. I was having trouble with something, a spell I think, or was it with one of my projects? I don’t know – actually, come to think of it, it could’ve been that amulet I was – now that is something, I was trying to apply the Ahnythyn rune to it and it just would not work, I was trying to find out why, and none of the books I read seemed to offer helpful advice, in the end I think I passed out from over-using the magic, and then in a dream I figured out what my problem was – you’ve done a lot with runes, haven’t you?”
“It is my major field of study –” Syla answered, as she crossed the library in a more sedate pursuit of the librarian, “Actually I had a student say something rather confronting about them last week. He said, ‘runes didn’t interest him – nothing spectacular about them’.”
“Hmm,” the dwarf agreed, disapprovingly, as he looked through the shelf, “Well to finish my story, the rune would not hold because the amulet was already enchanted. I think one of the other magus meant it as a joke.”
“One joke you did not appreciate?” Syla enquired, as she stopped beside him.  
“Oh no, I loved it. I laughed at myself for an hour afterwards, besides I couldn’t really – ah!” he cried again, as he brought out another book, “Another! Here you are my good magus.” he turned and placed the book atop the first she carried in already taxed arms.
Before the strain overcame her, she moved to a reading table and set the two volumes down.
“I could find the others for you, they’re all here –” the dwarf quipped, and grinned, “But I dare say you’ll collapse if you should have to carry any more.” the librarian paused, and eyed the magus, “You are aware that was just the third volume of the diaries?”
Syla looked at the book and gave a defeated sigh, “I see – well then it seems I will have to remain here, while I read – I do not think the Staff-Bearer would object,” she paused and threw a glance at the dwarf, “Unless I do not get much done.”
“Which is more than likely if I am around,” the dwarf completed with a chuckle, as he turned to the bookcases again. Syla smiled and sat at the table.
The librarian began to grumble and mutter to himself as he continued to raid the ranks of books.
“I don’t think I can read if you keep that up,” Syla chided, gently.
“So I’ll have to be extra quiet while you are here then, eh?” the dwarf quipped, “I think that I know where I put the other diaries.” he said, before madly dashing to the other side of the room and reaching across a shelf, pushing numerous books out of order, “I thought – ahha!”
As they were pushed from the shelf, he caught two volumes deftly with one hand, while he hefted out an exceedingly large book with his other. He seemed at first to not notice the weight of the tome, but then realising the absurd heaviness he bore in one hand, had to grapple it with his other. He struggled as he carried it over to the table.
Syla gaped at the tome in despair before the dwarf let it crash down on the desk beside her.
“That is the second volume – you are most definitely stuck here with me.” he pronounced, with a sympathetic grin.

*     *     *

Ormus moved through the warren of stone without a moment’s pause. The maze of Grgadorn had long ago lost its mystery to him, due to his frequent and often extended visits to the Magus Keep. As the representative of the Assembly, and liaison to the Tribunal, he lived two lives, one amongst the mage-born and the other with his fellow Archivists.
He was the oldest of the Elder Archivists, though he had not attained his position until after Phio had gained his. Yet despite his sixtieth year approaching, it was not apparent. He was handsome, a quality unmarred by his age. Although his hair had greyed, and wrinkles formed, they only added to the character of his face. The measured lines of his countenance gave him a placid simplicity, but there was a hardness to his features, an underlying edge that was captured in the intensity of his eyes. Despite the kindliness of his short black beard, that oddly had not greyed, and a semblance that could convey any emotion, his eyes always held a slight – impenetrable distance.
He arrived at his destination, and tersely dismissed his aide before knocking on the door.
The response was muffled by the thick oak. “Enter.”
Pushing the door aside, he stepped into the private office of the Staff-Bearer.
Hadrath stood beside the crackling fireplace that heated and lit the room. Two other guests sat facing him on the stately couch that resided in front of the hearth. Ormus recognized them both immediately.
The first was High Magus Helanath, whom Hadrath had been close friends with for many years, and the young man was Magus Keylyn, Hadrath’s apprentice – and informally adopted son.
“Ah, Ormus. Come, sit.” Hadrath greeted. Ormus moved over and took his place beside Helanath. She acknowledged him with a smile and a nod.
“Hadrath, Helanath.” he said, giving a slight informal bow to each. Although Hadrath stood over them, the man’s characteristic authority had withdrawn, yet the air of seriousness he had kept about himself during the council session remained.
“Ormus I have asked you here to assess the –” Hadrath paused, considering his words, “– fallout with the Elder Archivists.”
“Ah,” Ormus sighed, and then muttered, “And here I thought you simply wished my company.”
“My friend –” Hadrath responded, apologetically.
“You should have told me,” Ormus finished, gently, dismissing the remorseful glint in Hadrath’s eyes, “If you had sooner, I could’ve prepared the others for what you had to say.”
Hadrath sighed, “Indeed, I am sorry, that would have been proper. But you understand the circumstances warranted haste.”
“Yes.” Ormus waited a moment and leant forward, he shot a momentary glance at Keylyn as he thought of what he was to say next. 
Hadrath realised his concern, “There is no cause for worry. Keylyn has been informed of what has transpired, and I trust him to keep our secrets.”
Ormus let a tick of disapproval curve his lip, but continued, “Nevertheless, this business with the oracle has upset them, and in fact it may be a source of contention for some time.”
“That is understandable.” Hadrath muttered.
“Do you think they will insist on an inquiry?” Helanath enquired.
“I doubt it. They face too much opposition – with the entire Tribunal backing the necessity of the act, the Assembly would have to force a sanction. And we do not have the time for that now.”
“It was my decision,” Hadrath reaffirmed, “And should someone need to bear responsibility for Abatha’s death, I will do so willingly. I would ask you Ormus, should Phio and Rethan decide to push the matter that you present my position to them, although I would consider it a personal favour if you would urge them to leave this unfortunate business until – well, until this war is over.”
“Of course.” Ormus said.
“And what of the other matters?” Helanath again enquired.
Ormus paused a moment before responding, “I could use a drink.”
“Oh, yes. Keylyn would you mind?” Hadrath asked. 
The younger magus nodded and moved to the cupboard on the wall. He removed three glasses and a crystal decanter filled with the lustrous brown of brandy; Keylyn poured and handed them each a glass, not assigning one for himself.
“Thank you.” Hadrath and Helanath both said, while Ormus only dipped his head. As the young man returned to his seat, Ormus sipped the brandy. It stung his mouth on initial taste, but mellowed out graciously and finished with a perfect smoothness. He let the liquor breathe.
“Phio and Rethan are more than convinced of the threat – that beast you brought before us was rather persuasive.” Ormus added, with a note of disgust, “We will begin marshalling the armies and preparing for this war once we return to Delphanas.” he paused, “I assume the Magus Army is already preparing?”
“They are.”
“What are you planning to do with the creature?” Ormus asked, bluntly.
“Excuse me?” Hadrath asked.
“You said you had a plan to deal with the – what was it? Weapon-key?”
Hadrath paused, uncertainty tightening his features.
“He should be told, Hadrath.” Helanath said softly.
“I suppose so. In honesty, Ormus, we do not have a plan – not a viable one, in any case.”
“Oh.” Ormus responded, noncommittally, his voice betrayed no surprise because he felt none, “But there is an unviable plan?”
Hadrath let out a chortle, “Yes.”
“Before you tell me what this plan is,” Ormus ventured, fixing his stare on the Staff-Bearer, “I would like to underline my thoughts on the matter, as I have a suspicion they will be similar.”
Hadrath nodded for him to continue.
Ormus sat back in the chair and sipped from his cup, “After hearing what was said about this weapon, I found myself drawing an unmistakable conclusion. From what you said – or rather from what you have neglected to say, I assume the Tribunal does not have the power to undo this thing outright.” he paused for a moment – no objections were given, “You would have done so already if you were capable. And we cannot kill this weapon – to do so would allow the enemy to reforge it in the world’s ending, which I understand to mean quite literally that killing it would secure the Immortal’s victory. So, we cannot get rid of it ourselves.” again Ormus paused to drink, “I have been thinking about Abatha’s prophecy – ironically, the clearest evidence you presented. It seems obvious to me that there is only one option, we must remove the thing from Ammandorn – which would mean relocating it to Eryndor. Would I be correct in assuming that the unviable plan you have devised requires this?”
By the glance Hadrath and Helanath shared, Ormus gathered he had been right.
“It is not the place of the Magus to interpret prophecy.” Hadrath murmured, a guilt choked his voice, “But that was the conclusion we came to.”
“There is more though,” Helanath added, receiving Ormus’ gaze, “We dreamed with the Magus of Ambranas, and amongst them there was one in particular we sought out. He was exiled twenty years ago – for the practice of Incarnate magic.”
Hadrath continued, “We offered him his freedom in exchange for helping us with this creature, and he agreed. Furthermore, he is certain that he can undo this thing – apparently, he has discovered much about the magic, much that we do not know.”
“And you believe him?” Ormus asked, incredulous.
“No.” Hadrath answered, “I do not. None of us do. But we cannot simply bring him here and test his knowledge – he is protected by the rulers of Ambranas, and it would be too costly to send a force into the city to retrieve him, if it were possible at all. So he asked us to bring the Incarnate to him.”
“Interesting.”
“You understand the dilemma before us then.” Hadrath admitted, defeated.
“No, I do not.” Ormus answered, “It seems perfectly clear what we must do. The creature must be brought to Ambranas.”
“Ormus?” Helanath asked, confused.
The Staff-Bearer was shocked, “Surely you cannot think that the others will agree? Our plan is ludicrous; your fellow archivists will never support it.”
“That is why we are going to lie to them.”
They were stunned. Ormus looked at them with a terrifying honesty – as though his words were as normal as any others that had been spoken thus far. 
The archivist continued, “There is no prophecy that states Eryndor will be destroyed should the weapon be brought there. And I will not sacrifice Ammandorn, no matter the cost. We both agree that the creature must leave our lands, and there is a chance that it may be dealt with in Ambranas. Phio will never agree with sending the creature away to a man we cannot trust in a disloyal city – and Rethan will back him no matter what evidence we present. But what is more, Phio will be utterly against the idea of sacrificing Eryndor to save ourselves. He will oppose it even if there is only a chance Eryndor will fall – he will insist foolishly that you keep the creature here and investigate every avenue of magic that could deal with it. And I am certain that it will bring our doom. Unless we make it seem foolish to object.” he paused a moment to recover himself, “So you will have to tell him that we can trust this magus in Ambranas. That it is the only way to prevent this weapon from destroying us. And that in so doing we must risk Eryndor.”
A silence fell over the room; the Staff-Bearer’s eyes deepened in thought, and despondence.
Uncertainly, Helanath’s quiet voice broke the tension, “Ormus, you cannot ask this of us.”
“He is not asking us,” Hadrath said sternly to her, “He is asking me.” he sighed, “As Staff-Bearer it will fall on me to present this to the Tribunal – and as with many of my decisions recently, I will bear the blame for taking this action.”
“Then we are going to –” she questioned her leader.
“Yes Helanath,” Hadrath said, his authority reasserted, “You agree there is no other option, and from what Ormus has said, we must present the strongest case we can to Phio and Rethan.” he paused, and took a steadying breath, “But do not mistake me, this choice is hardly a fair one – and it saddens me deeply to have to make it. But it will cost us the least if we send this creature away.”
Hadrath was visibly dismayed, an obvious hurt had been done to him – it prompted Keylyn to reach out and grasp his arm comfortingly.
Helanath sighed, her expression one of defeat.
“It does not rest entirely upon you, though,” the archivist said, consolingly, “I will present the nature of the dilemma to Phio and Rethan when we next meet. I will inform them of my belief that it is the right course of action. However, as Abatha’s prophecy is a broken one, they will no doubt contend that it should be carefully regarded, they will argue that it is potentially misleading, but as I am convinced to its worth, I will not be swayed. And when you bring them the news that a method of destroying the creature has been found, they will be more receptive to your proposal.” Ormus stood, “As always, I will be their enemy. But that will allow you to be their friend.”
“That is very clever of you Ormus.” Hadrath said, though his voice held an edge of disapprobation.
“This is not a time for weak men.” Ormus stated; implacably, but his voiced softened as he added, “I thank you for being strong.”
Hadrath sighed and nodded a reluctant acceptance of the compliment. In the protracted silence that followed, the High Magus finished off his drink. Placing the cup on the mantel of the fireplace, he motioned for Keylyn to join him.
As the younger magus opened the door for his mentor, Hadrath explained, “I will give you some time to consult with the others. I will summon the Tribunal and inform them of this. In the meantime, I have other duties I must perform. You are free to use my office, should you need to.”
The Staff-Bearer began illustrating an order to Keylyn as they departed. Ormus and Helanath were left alone. The High Magus moved over to the decanter and poured herself another glass.
“Not all of us agreed with using Abatha.” she remarked, although her voice was barely above a whisper, “And Hadrath is not the only one who feels responsible for her death.”
She let the silence linger for a moment.
The suddenness of Ormus’ hands wrapping tenderly around her waist made Helanath jump – but only for an instant. And then the closeness and warmth of his body, which she had desired since he first stepped into the room, filled her with an equally sudden elation. She breathed a deep, relieved sigh as he scooped her hair from her shoulder and kissed the base of her neck.
“I am sorry if I was too forthright,” he muttered, “But we cannot afford complacency.”
The bitterness she had felt melted away, and her pulse raced as one of his hands raised to her bosom. His other hand moved down her long robes, as he pressed himself against her. She answered the erotic overture by turning to face him, and pushing him back.
Although she was not ugly, Helanath was not a beautiful woman. Her rotund figure and face were imbalanced, and she had always thought of herself as being too short. Heavy creases framed her thin mouth and rested on her brow, where her curly red hair, which had begun to grey, fell away behind her. Her eyes were situated around her wide nose with a slight asymmetry; and while they engendered a friendly pleasantness, her features were distant from the ideals of beauty. 
She had rarely been desired by men – and she had resigned herself to a life of private study. But the Elder Archivist had disrupted that – and she was more than grateful he had, and for each moment of his presence.
She pursed her lips, and censured him with a stare.
“Do not think you can kiss me and make everything better.” she said, “This bothers me – everything we have done, we are doing, maybe it is necessary – but it feels, wrong.”
Ormus met her eyes and smiled, adoringly, “You should have been Staff-Bearer, and perhaps the world would not be so glum if it had your ideals. And you are so much prettier than Hadrath.”
Helanath frowned, “Neither patronising me, nor flattery, will avail you either,” she said coyly, but allowed herself a dim smile, “Not until tonight. However, I also have matters that cannot wait.”
The archivist sighed, but kissed her lips lightly before allowing her to pass him. She somewhat forcefully downed the remainder of her drink, and handed him the glass as she tried to maintain her smile.
“I am just being too timid, and the sooner we put this behind us the better,” she gathered herself and drifted slowly to the entrance, “Tonight.”
Ormus nodded and smiled, which broadened hers. As Helanath entered the hallway, he sighed and set the glass on the table. He moved over to the couch and let the fire warm him.

*     *     *

Hheirdane raised his sword. The blow struck, and jarred his arm as the force was halted. He twisted the blade away. Slashing down, he found the prepared defence of his target – the opponent had been too quick. Unsurprisingly, without the time to recoil and lunge as the knight had planned, his foe grappled his hands and held them in place. His adversary’s blade freed quickly from the block and twisted into a stab. Hheirdane felt the point press against him, as he tried to wrench his hands free.
“And you are dead again.” Elle’dred jibed; his wooden blade pressed to his friend’s belly.
The other knight gave a dissatisfied grunt and let his hands fall to his sides.
“If you want me to flatter your quickness, I am not going to – I think I am tiring of losing.”
Elle’dred groaned disappointedly, “You’ve won your share,” he grinned, “– four if I count right.”
Hheirdane scowled back at him, “It was six, though twice I think you let me win –” 
“Why do you think I counted four?” Elle’dred quipped, raising his sword and taking stance.
Hheirdane advanced with a slash at his mid-section. 
Elle’dred countered with a parry, deflecting the other knight’s blade – his friend pressed the attack, moving into another high blow. The Champion of the White Wolf gave no ground; his sword darted up into a block, meeting Hheirdane’s, but as the Sword-Bearer’s step closed the already short distance between them, Elle’dred’s defence rotated deftly and swiftly into a thrust. As Hheirdane’s own momentum forced him onto the tip of the sword, he grunted and winced; the blade pressed hard against his chest.
Hheirdane stumbled back, with a slack defence and freed a spurted cough.
“I didn’t hurt you, did I?” Elle’dred asked, concerned.
“A little –” his friend answered; but as he approached to inspect the injury, Hheirdane raised his blade and slapped him on the arm – a tad more forcefully than perhaps intended.
Elle’dred gave a short yelp, and scowled in retreat, “That was hardly mannerly of you – striking a defenceless man.”
“I have to win five on my own,” Hheirdane returned; prompting a chuckle from the Champion. 
Again they struck edges, and the wooden blades danced in elegant arcs before once more Elle’dred’s found his friend’s unprotected flank. 
Hheirdane sighed, “I give-up – there is no way to best you.”
“It was your idea to practice,” Elle’dred rejoined, “And what else really is there to do?”
“Other than get drunk?” Hheirdane joked, and took position again, “We could always try a library.”
Elle’dred grinned, “That it would annoy our magus hosts immensely makes it almost palatable –” he grunted, as he blocked the advancing blow of the other knight. Hheirdane stepped too close, and again Elle’dred gripped his friend’s hand and freed his blade into a gutting strike.
“And you say you haven’t slept in two days,” Hheirdane mocked, tiredly, “I think I know why so many knights dislike you – you’re too good for us.”
Elle’dred laughed as he released the Sword-Bearer’s hand.
“And I would never strike a defenceless man – well maybe a Tribunal member.” the joke forced a chuckle from the other knight.
“They’d never let you get that close,” Hheirdane muttered, “But you would know more about that.”
“I never want to face a magus in battle – I know the magic saps at their strength, but dodging streams of fire, and collapsing earth are not things I am well prepared for,” he paused as his friend raised a slack defence, “Shall we call it?”
Hheirdane nodded. 
They moved to the rack of weapons situated against the wall and placed the practice-swords in their niches. Elle’dred turned and moved towards the open door.
Flippantly, he remarked, “I don’t know when the Tribunal will call us next, but I think I would appreciate a bath. I could use a shave – and I fear I smell something foul.”
“I did not mention it,” Hheirdane replied, his tone belied the sarcasm, “I could use one as well.”

Chapter 4

It was long before the children of the first heaven returned to their home. When they did return, the first heaven rejoiced. Though in having wandered to each corner of the sky, the Andarae had become lonely. As the first mountain and the first sea had before them. The Andarae wanted to do as the first mountain had done, they wanted to make as they had been made. So they asked the first mountain if they could make things anew, as yet unseen to the sky.

The first mountain said to take water from the sea and pour it across its eastern face. To let it run onto the sky. And the Andarae did. The water ran, rushing and flowing in joy. The water met the edge of the sky and kept flowing, until it saw the first mountain again. The water had run in a perfect circle, the sky itself a circle, with Anmyar at the beginning and the end. And so the first river was born.

*     *     *

Elder Archivist Phio stood beside the mantelpiece shrouding the fireplace of his chamber. The flames’ reflections in his eyes covered the ire that blazed within and hardened his features into a glare.  His foul mood had been provoked by his meeting with the others of the Triumvirate, and Elder Archivist Ormus’, for-certain, entirely illegal if not only immoral notion. 
His aide, Archivist Faldorn, sat before him, a calm island that offered counsel and weathered his venting.
“Ormus has lost his mind.” Phio growled, “His age has finally got the better of him, how can he think that we would agree? How can he expect us just to sacrifice them? Betray them? He is outright insane.”
The younger archivist sighed, drawing his superior’s attention – Phio shot a, misdirected, piercing glance at his aide. Faldorn did not flinch.
“What is it?” the Elder Archivist asked, sharply.
Hesitantly, but levelly, his aide answered, “I do not think he is entirely wrong.”
The older man’s eyes narrowed, “What?”
“Phio, I do not mean any disrespect when I say that he may be right. Abatha’s prophecy –”
“You are young,” Phio cut him off, “So you are unaware of what it is you say. Abatha’s words are broken – her prophecy is tainted. It must be regarded with the utmost care – if it is regarded at all. And in this case I do not think it should be. It is the words of a dying oracle after seeing the most horrifying thing of her life – through a misuse of her abilities. It is folly.” he returned to staring into the fiery abyss of thought.
“Perhaps,” Faldorn acquiesced, “But, in fairness it is rather clear.”
“A clear prophecy is a dangerous one,” Phio chastised, “It is so easy to misunderstand, one can think they are doing exactly what the prophecy advises – one can believe it, but you can so easily miss the heart of it. You should know, prophecies are more often meant to be countered than followed. And to follow one blindly, only an ignorant and foolish archivist could think that wise.”
“I’m sorry.” Faldorn muttered.
Phio looked at the downcast features of the young man, and sighed. 
Softening his tone, he replied, “I did not mean you.” he paused, and noticing the withdrawn glaze that had covered his aide’s eyes, he prompted, “You are thinking about something.”
After a pause, Faldorn answered, unassumingly, “The other verse the Staff-Bearer read out – about that creature, the one from a ‘lesser oracle’.”
Phio nodded for him to continue.
“It has been bothering me – it was oddly familiar.”
Phio looked back to the fireplace, his thoughts returning to the heated matter of Ormus; more disinterestedly than he intended, he asked, “How so?” 
“I do not know,” Faldorn admitted, “I have a suspicion, but not one I can investigate until we return to Delphanas.”
The last phrase piqued Phio’s curiosity for a moment, turning back to his aide, once more, he inadvertently glared down, “Why?”
Faldorn paused, and glanced concernedly at his elder; in a whisper, he answered, “I think they may be from the Tome of Acrius.”
Shock transfixed Phio’s face, and he was forced to sit beside the lower archivist, “Consider what you think carefully. If what you say is true –”
“It would mean they are the words of Thyesmered.”
Phio let a breath of trepidation escape, and stood again, “Say no more of this.”
“Phio –” Faldorn began.
“I said no more.” Phio barked harshly, “We will investigate this once we return, but not a word of your suspicions until then.”
Faldorn nodded, reluctantly. The younger archivist seemed defeated as he turned away, his gaze becoming listless in thought once more. 
Phio watched him with compunction, an apology almost rising to his lips. He stifled the words, as he believed his order to be both correct and necessary, but he did not like being so commanding with his aide. Faldorn had earned his respect – and his friendship.
Despite his inexperience, Phio had come to rely on the younger archivist’s counsel.
The young man – less than half Phio’s age, had shown an uncanny, if naïve, aptitude for deciphering prophecy, and an exceptional memory. In the five years since Faldorn had become his aide and apprentice, he had shown an innovation and capacity for thought that had thoroughly impressed the Elder Archivist – and had even corrected him on occasion.
Faldorn had the capacity to become a brilliant Archivist, and truthfully, Phio was mentoring him in the hopes that one day he might become his successor.
However, while Phio saw a great potential for leadership in him, Faldorn was not likely to nurture that quality by nature. Despite his talents, the boy had little ambition and was somewhat unconcerned with his social standing.
Phio sighed, and found himself sitting again.
“I am sorry you have to bear with my anger,” he said, “But what Ormus proposes is wrong.”
Faldorn nodded noncommittally.
Phio forced the indignation inside him to subside – he managed to calm it to a meagre exasperation, and consequently his resolve began to weaken. The older man considered his opinion once more.
“Do you really believe Ormus is correct?”
Faldorn sighed, “This is not about Ormus,” he began, and remarked, daringly, “You know that.”
“Then it is about sacrificing Eryndor? About betraying all the people of the old land?”
“That is not what he argued for.”
Phio repressed his resurgent outrage, “But it is what it will amount to. Surely, you cannot agree then that it is the right thing to do?”
“I don’t.” Faldorn admitted, “It is wrong. But it seems we are forced to make a choice – and we don’t have the luxury of ignoring it.”
The Elder Archivist closed his eyes and weighed the words. He knew that regardless of how he felt he could see no alternate course of action. And the unfairness of the comprehension sparked the anger further. He sighed and retreated to the hopelessness he had found more comforting since seeing the Incarnate in the council chambers.
“We have no choice – that thing is not giving us a choice. The–” he paused, “Immortal…is forcing us to be evil.” Faldorn was not disturbed by the use of the name, “We may have to do as Ormus advises, but he is still wrong. Rethan may yet be able to force some sense into him – he should have waited for the Tribunal to reveal their findings, at the least.” 
“Do you think they have a way to deal with it?”
“I hope so, though I cannot say I have ever been one to place my faith in the Magus.” 
The room was silent for a few moments before the younger Archivist moved to speak.
“Abatha’s prophecy does not say Eryndor will be destroyed if we send the creature there – but it also does not say it will not destroy the land if we do. It is completely unfair – but then so too is the fact that the world is ending.”
Phio chuckled, ruefully, “Who would have thought I would be the last Elder Archivist to oversee the Assembly?”
“It was a joke.”
“I know,” he muttered, “But an accurate one. I cannot see many ways for this to end – this war already seems beyond us.”
“We still have time. We cannot simply surrender.”
“And we won’t – the armies will be prepared, you and I will have considerably more work when we return to the city.” Phio chuckled when Faldorn expressed the groan of displeasured he himself restrained, “All the archivists will be taxed with work, I’m afraid – the trappings of our office.” he paused, “Faldorn, what do you think of that creature?”
Faldorn’s eyes grew distant, and his face emptied of emotion, “I can only say – I’d rather deny it exists.”
“Such things occurring in our lands – I had never given stock in the fables of the people – I thought I knew better, but to see something so foul with my waking eyes.”
“I could not believe it either.” Faldorn stated blankly.
“And the blasted Tribunal believe we face an army of creatures alike it. I hope for our sake they are wrong – otherwise our world has become a much darker place than I thought it was.”
Faldorn let out a restrained snigger, drawing a quizzical expression from the older man.
His aide answered, sardonically, “And you could not tell that when the dark moon was raised?”
Phio allowed himself a laugh. 

*     *     *

“Quiet, please.” Syla ordered, above the din of the class. 
The student magus seated before her, in the large auditorium, continued to weave the raucousness that bound them together as an incoherent mob of teenagers. Syla pursed her lips in vexation.
“Quiet!” she shouted. The abrupt volume drew a response from the group; it took a few moments longer than she would’ve liked, but her class quietened and cast their attention to her.
She cleared her throat and began, “This morning, I have brought you here for a special demonstration. As each of you will be graduating soon, you will have to give thought to where it is you wish to turn your abilities as a Magus of Ammandorn. Some of you, I know, already intend to pursue places with the Tribunal and the law – as is the duty of our blood to the land. However, others of you have expressed interest in serving with the Magus Army, and that too is a worthy aspiration. Today, you will get to see a prime example of the War-School.” she paused, “To be a Battle-Magus, takes an ability to shape the elements, and a measure of quick-thinking most Magus do not possess. Also,” she surveyed the class with staid eyes, her gaze resting on a few in particular, “The battlefield is not a place to be relished. War is not well suited to our blood.”
The earnestness that settled over the class informed her that they understood the meaning of her words.
“That said,” she finished, “I introduce Battle-Magus Dus.”
Syla turned to the large, circular pit at the centre of the auditorium. The man she had briefly met the day before stood short of the entrance to the lower section. Moving to the side of her class, up the stairs that served as seats, she took her place overlooking the students. 

Dus strode assuredly to the centre of the pit, gazing up to the ranks of faces that waited eagerly for him to begin. He wore a striking red robe, emblazoned with depictions of fire, which hid his trim and toned physique. Five braziers had been placed on the floor in a circle around the centre of the pit, each filled with one of the five elements. He flashed a grin to the students, before breathing and gathering himself. He focused on the surrounding bowls and reached out with a hand. 
The grey rock of the pit began to rumble – the stone underneath one of the braziers shook. The earth split suddenly as a short, jagged ridge cut its way into the air, toppling the brazier. The shards of metal contained therein scattered out across the ground.
Dus clenched his hand – dramatically, and twisted his arm. Slowly, the metal shards began to pulse with heat, soon taking on the white and red of incandescence – scarce seconds passed, and the slivers dissolved into a molten stream. It sizzled against the air. 
The Battle-Magus swung his hand – and the metal oozed across the ground, scouring and searing the stones as it went. It approached the nearest brazier.
The block of wood that stood in the bowl had – while the metal gathered its heat – sprouted into the shape of a tree. The grain was off-key, the branches were jagged and rough, as though it had been carved from a larger piece of timber – but continued to grow. 
The stream of metal met the base of the brazier – a lance of wood split from an overhanging branch and speared the molten flow. The metal stopped – fire spurted up across the new fuel that begged for the river’s heat. The metal began to fade and set, as fire raced up across the branch and engulfed the tree. In an instant, the wooden frame bore new foliage of flame.
Dus took a moment, as the fire crackled amidst the hush gasps of admiration from above. His breathing had deepened, the magic taking its toll on him. But he focused and turned to the brazier of water. 
He reached out again with his arm and circled his hand in a twirling motion – with a quick flick of the wrist, the water sloshed vibrantly to the edge of the bowl – a spray of droplets fell to the stone of the floor. He wrenched his hand towards himself – with all the theatricality his ligaments would allow.
The water poured over the edge of the brazier and coursed around the arena, towards the burning tree. As it met the brazier, he clapped his hands together loudly. In perfect harmony with the sudden clap, the water froze solid – a path of ice laid out upon the floor. He stifled a gasp as he was winded by the exertion.
But all that was left was fire – his element. Dus summoned his strength, and his glee, as he reached out and grasped the facet of nature he loved most.
The tree burnt in shocking brilliance, as a hundred tongues of fire reached up to the roof in ravenous glory. The wood was utterly consumed. 
Dus had not finished – in an elegant flourish, he turned and guided the flames. The inferno, that cast ferocious heat throughout the auditorium, rushed suddenly and violently across the path of ice. 
The frozen water was instantly swept into steam and then disappeared entirely – devoured by the fire. As though a vicious wind moved the flames, the conflagration leapt into a blazing river that rushed around the pit. It blackened the ground, and moved over each of the braziers – incinerating the lesser elements. And when it reached the bowl that held a handful of coals and a small blaze of its own, the river burst into a terrifying conflagration.
An instant firestorm exploded across the arena, and for a moment – lost in a ferocious boom, Dus vanished amidst the flames, as though consumed by their fury. But as the rush and dance of the fire swirled around the pit, the battle-magus re-emerged – at the untouched eye of a cyclone of flame.
Dus danced with the fire, at its centre – he swung his arms and twirled, moving with the roaring tempo of the blaze. The fire encircled him, whirling, twisting, burning – growing ever brighter and larger. The ardour that swelled inside the magus mirrored in the elation of the heat.

Syla watched the display, untouched by the heat at her higher perch. The roar grew so loud she did not hear – nor worry, that the students mumbled their amazement or cynicisms to each other. She glanced to the class and caught the eye of one of the scrawnier young men. He had been staring at her – but now grinned sheepishly and hastily turned his attention back to the ferocious performance.
Syla sighed inwardly – it was a growing rumour and jest that she was the most idolised of the teachers in Grgadorn. Though, unfortunately, not for her knowledge. 
She was, in truth, quite beautiful, though she rarely reflected on the subject herself. She was gifted with a curvaceous figure, lissom and elegant – though hidden as much as was possible under robes. Her long ebony hair fell just short of her waist, and its shining darkness contrasted strikingly with the pale lustre of her skin. Her face was formed of graceful lines, delicate and subtle, and her sky-blue eyes rested seamlessly amidst the curves, as though they were neither apart nor one.  
Yet, despite her attractiveness, her propensity to avoid other people had meant that few magus had pursued her – and when she had overcome her disposition, she had found it difficult, and even annoying, to maintain the intimacy of a connection. Her isolation extended to friendships as well, of which she had few – and save for a dwarven librarian, those she had befriended now lived far from the Magus Keep. The closeness of a class – even a class that for the most part ignored her, was something she missed.
“He is rather amazing, isn’t he?” The quiet, unemotional voice of Magus Keylyn beside her startled the private contemplation she had drifted into. She recovered herself quickly.
“I suppose.” she murmured.
Intensely mesmerised with the performance, his deep brown eyes were locked on the man at the centre of the flames. Syla returned her stare to the pit, the display was nearing its predictably spectacular end. 
Overcome by disinterest – the overt flamboyance of the Battle-Magus seemed distasteful to her – she glanced at the Staff-Bearer’s apprentice.
Although Syla often might have identified with him more than any other she had met – Keylyn was a strange young man. Of all the magus that inhabited Grgadorn, he was perhaps the only one that was more unsociable and detached than she. Though unlike her, he had never been an exceptional student; in fact his academic career had been lacklustre at best. Why the Staff-Bearer had chosen him as his aide, Syla could only guess – and with Keylyn much was left to guessing. 
There were many rumours about him, and none were flattering; most had evolved into subjects of ridicule. Amongst the lower magus, Keylyn was referred to as ‘the pretty bastard’ – openly as much as clandestinely. Syla assumed the latter was a jeer at his family, again, something she could only guess – though admittedly, she understood why he was called ‘pretty’.
Soft, slender features comprised his face; dark eyebrows sloped gently down from the bridge of his nose and endowed his countenance with a perpetual, if unwilling, kindness. His dark eyes garnered a wistful melancholy, and distinguished his long, blonde hair. A lithe frame and gentle posture completed a delicate, feminine beauty; and, much as it did Syla’s, the firelight illuminated and coloured the immaculate, milky-white skin of his face. 
As she watched him, she decided that together they were the male and female incarnations of despondent loveliness within Grgadorn. She smirked absentmindedly at the thought. 
His attention shifted, and he threw an inquisitive glance her way.
“Nothing,” she muttered, “I was just thinking.”
A sudden explosive clap, eliciting a start out of both of them, leapt from the centre of the auditorium, and drew all attention back for the finale.

The pit was a whirlpool of fire, a swirling maelstrom of deadly flame – and Dus was its centre. The encircling inferno bathed him in sweltering heat, singed the edge of his robe, and burnt the last reserves of strength from his muscles. But he endured.
The malevolent wind that drove the fire reached the end of its fury. And with one last magnificent gesture, the magus that wielded the terrible blaze silenced it. The flames tore upwards, clawing at the air in ferocious desperation for life – and then vanished, burnt into nothingness.
Sweat caked Dus’ hair to his head, and his robe clung to him similarly. He was so weak that he had sunk to his knees, and could not raise his arms – he could breathe only in short gasps, as the exertion of his magic shook every muscle of his body.
But the furious cheering and applause of the class served to renew his zeal – if not his vigour, enough to stand. The ovation filled him with sated pride, and he bowed as best he could.
Nearly toppling himself in the process.
Having noticed his plight, two guards had entered the pit and caught him as he stumbled. The battle-magus managed to stand on quaking legs for a moment, before collapsing onto one of the men as he tried to wave to the class. They supported him as the three left the auditorium.

Syla looked over the charred pit. The grey stone had been rendered entirely black – save only for the small circle at the centre where the battle-magus had stood. She found herself smirking again. Once more Keylyn inquired tacitly what had amused her.
She elucidated, “Someone’s going to have to clean that.”
He smirked, but the mirth did not remain for long, “I think he was letting out some frustration.” he paused, “You can dismiss the class, Magus Elaina is waiting outside to take them.”  
“Oh?” Syla asked, piqued.
“You are needed elsewhere.” Keylyn answered quietly.
Syla sighed, and stood to address the students, “Attention.” she ordered – the excitement forcibly subsided and the seated mob quietened, “If you will file out, Instructor Elaina will oversee the rest of the class.”
The younger magus complied, though returning to the low hum of discussion. Keylyn remained silent until the auditorium was emptied, and then stood beside her.
“Hadrath apologises,” he began, “He wanted to speak with you himself, but his attention was required elsewhere.”
Syla restrained a frustrated sigh.
“High Magus Ragmurath has been assigned the duty of giving you your next assignment. Hadrath has asked me to bring you to him now.”
Despite the annoyance the abrupt change of circumstances prompted, Syla nodded, “Very well.”
“I have already seen Magus Dus –” Keylyn muttered, more to himself than her, as his eyes moved to the pit, “He was asked to report there as well.” Pausing, the slightest curve of a smile broke through his expression before being quashed by his characteristic dejection, “He does not have time to change – the High Magus won’t appreciate the smell.”
Syla allowed the humour to ease her frustration, “We had best go then.”
Keylyn turned wordlessly and moved out into the corridor. They traversed the keep in silence – ascending several levels, before arriving at the entrance to the Tribunal Member’s chamber.
As Keylyn opened the door for her, Syla repressed what was left of her annoyance.
“Give the Staff-Bearer my best,” she said. She moved past the other magus and into the office.
As Keylyn had mentioned, Magus Dus was already there. He sat with his back to her – in front of a large desk, on the far side of the room. The scent of his sweat immediately struck her nose; a strong, salty musk that made her stomach uncomfortable. 
There was an empty seat beside him that she reasoned was reserved for her.
As she sat, he flashed his rambunctious, albeit fatigued, grin. His hair was still soaked, and his robe shifted uneasily as he turned to her. She could see where rivulets of perspiration had run across his face, as the light glinted off the skin.
“Nice to see you again,” he said warmly, “Did you enjoy the show?”
“It was a little ostentatious.” she responded, bluntly. 
He let his grin fall into a half-scowl for a moment, but then smiled broadly again, “Well, that is what I am good at. Do you know why we were brought here?”
“To be briefed on an assignment.” she answered.
“Ah,” he grunted, sarcastically, “Well that I had already assumed, what I meant, however, was would they have told you what it is about?”
“No.”
“You know, they pulled me off duty for this – although honestly I suppose it was only glorified guard duty. I was traipsing along with the Magus Army until a day ago, when I received the special honour of being summoned here. Never did appreciate the deep magics – dreaming was always uncomfortable. And any dream with the Tribunal in it must be a nightmare.”
Syla let a short laugh, but hastily recovered from it. The whine of the door’s hinges had them both stand and face the entryway.
“Leave.” High Magus Ragmurath snapped at the aide behind him, as he entered – the young woman bowed and closed the door. Disregarding Syla’s and Dus’ deferential bows, as he passed them, the Tribunal Member moved to and took his place at the opposing side of the desk. 
Ragmurath surveyed the battle-magus, “You are improperly dressed.” he remarked, tonelessly.
“I apologise, High Magus.” the younger man responded, weakly. 
“You should not waste my time.” Ragmurath said, with contempt – but ordered, “Sit.”
Syla and Dus both lowered themselves under the displeased gaze that creased the High Magus’ aquiline nose. 
Ragmurath began, as he too sat, “The Tribunal has decided that you will be responsible for a mission of significant importance.” he paused, “…War is coming – with the Darkness of Eryndor.”
Incredulity gripped the faces of the two lower magus.
“Undoubtedly,” the High Magus continued, flatly, “Rumour has spread that the Tribunal keeps a special prisoner in the dungeons. This is true. It is of great importance to the coming war with the Immortal. It is a weapon and a prize we must safeguard.”
Syla interjected, “I am sorry, High Magus – but you refer to the prisoner as ‘it’?”
Ragmurath sneered coldly, “It is the only name it deserves – it is a creature, a beast – abhorrent and disgusting. It has no right to be called as a man is called. It is by appearance a male, but it is the only appropriate name for such a thing.”
“Creature?” Syla asked; the stillness of her face began to waver amongst uncertainty and trepidation.
“You ask a lot of questions magus,” Ragmurath reprimanded – when Syla averted her gaze, he explained, “The Immortal prepares many foul weapons to combat us, many forged in magic we have long considered heinous and condemnable,” he paused, “But in this case, the magic is that of Incarnates.”
Syla recognised the term, “Incarnates? I have only heard a reference to it – in the Tomes of Law. Is it not punishable by exile or even death?”
Ragmurath met her gaze, “Incarnate magic is not something we have recorded – save only in the Chambers of the Tribunal,” he continued, “And what little we have of it is of no use to us, in regards to this thing. Incarnate magic is that used to fuse the blood of a man with the spirit of a beast – it corrupts the birth right of the blood-born, and changes his form irrevocably. He becomes a creature that is only half-man, and his mind is warped into a decrepit animalism. It is disgusting magic.”
Syla was perturbed by the information, a rare event; amongst her ample knowledge, she had not yet encountered magics that repulsed her, but Incarnate magic sounded so – unnatural.
“If you think this concerning – then I will tell you, that the creature is an Incarnate itself. And you have been assigned to guard it.”
Syla’s astonishment and disbelief widened her eyes and strangled any words from her voice. Dus maintained the odd silence that had fallen over him.
“The Tribunal has decided that the creature must be taken from Ammandorn, and brought to the City of Shades in Eryndor – where it will be undone.”
Dus sighed, eliciting a reprimanding glare from the High Magus. Syla slipped into thought.
“Despite our inability to deal with this threat, there is someone who is well versed in the magic of Incarnates. Unfortunately, he has gained a prominent standing with a disloyal ruler of Ambranas – and as such revoking his banishment is no longer an option. Furthermore, there is a prophecy, that should this thing be allowed to remain in Ammandorn, it will destroy us.” after a pause, and a derisive snort, Ragmurath asked, “Do you believe in fate?”
Dus nodded with his response, “Yes, High Magus.”
Contemplation stifled Syla’s tongue, forcing the High Magus to again enquire, “Magus Syla?”
“I rely upon the teachings of the Tribunal, the destiny of the bloods – I teach that the oracles perceive the future such that we may direct it – some things are meant to happen, while others we can change.”
“Hmm,” Ragmurath features lifted; the displeasure on his face no longer apparent, “You know the laws well. The Staff-Bearer believes fate is what guides us. That the finding and resolving of this creature is what was meant to happen – if you believe that also then your mission should not bother you.”
“High Magus,” Syla ventured, “I appreciate that the Tribunal chose me for this task, but might I ask why?”
“Your knowledge of the deep magics is unsurpassed,” Ragmurath stated, bluntly – the edge of disdain returned with his words, “And Dus here, is a master elementalist. As such, you are both the best candidates to guard this creature while you escort it to Ambranas.” 
A twinge of regret moved over Syla, she thought to speak but reconsidered it and remained silent – as did Dus. The High Magus observed them both closely.
“There are still some arrangements that need to be made. And you will not be in command of this expedition. That responsibility falls to the Champion of the Tribunal, Taedoran of Ygoth.” Ragmurath explained, “He will arrive shortly, and you will leave as soon as he does. Once we have informed the delegation of Archivists – of course.” The High Magus stood, signalling that the briefing had been completed. The lower magus both shook off any stupor that still remained, and rose.
Syla realised, though, that she required something more from her superior, “High Magus,” she asked respectfully, “If I might ask one other thing?”
Ragmurath nodded.
“May I be allowed to see this creature before the Champion arrives?”
Ragmurath let a supercilious smirk twist his face, “I had thought better of it, than to order to you do so. But if you wish to subject yourself to the despicable sight of the thing – then you have my permission. You will be escorted at all times – the creature has already killed. It is more than dangerous.”

*     *     *

The incarnate’s wounds had been tended. Heavy bandages covered his body. Above the stench of excrement, he could not smell the salves that had been smeared over his wounds, but he knew they were there; his injuries stung and itched – though he dared not scratch at them, lest his captors take offence and rediscover their brutality.
They had not been gentle as they applied the bandages, but they had not been brutal. They had pressed him to the floor and strained his hurting body – he had not fought or resisted them. And in return, they had not inflicted any fresh wounds. He was grateful for that.
The cold of his cell still held him at its mercy, but it had lessened – he shivered. And he still suffered the debilitating weakness of starvation. Despite the food. 
For the first time in days he had been fed, after they had tended him – a helping of some bitter slop, which had been spilled across the floor as they tossed in the bowl. Encumbered by the bandages, he had slunk tentatively over to the spill – it seemed beyond his fortune; it seemed more likely another cruel deception, a prelude to abuse. As it had been, on occasion, before. 
But when no guards had returned in a screech of hinges and mocking laughter, he had allowed himself to eat. At first he had scraped it off the floor of his cell with his fingers – determined to avoid the parts tainted by contact with the ground; but in the end he could not stop himself from licking up the last morsels. The coarse stone had grated his tongue; the taste of blood mixed with the bitterness of the food, and whatever else. He was so hungry.
He had curled up in the clean corner; despite the gurgles reawakened by food, this was his best chance for sleep. He did not know day from night; time to him had become only the measure he was allowed before the next terrorizing visit of the guards.
He shivered. Sleep was not forthcoming. 
Fortunately, he had managed a period of unconsciousness after the last time they dragged him from his cell. He had been taken to a large room, and with the casual savagery he had become accustomed to, been chained to the stone at its centre. 
Cold, exposed and vulnerable.
Five people, in black had entered then and stood in a circle around him. He dared not look at their eyes; that always provoked offence – but he could remember how they watched him; powerless, weak, afraid. It still had him cringe.
The people in black had chanted a deep rumbling mantra. It seemed to weight the air; until it was so thick he could not breathe. The weight turned to drowning. He had forced in breath, but the external pressure drove the air from his lungs. It had pressed against him, all around; until he thought he would be crushed entirely. 
Then they had stopped, and let the invisible, weight of force remain for a time; before they chanted it – Ayadra. 
Ayadra, Ayadra, Ayadra.
With each reciting of the word the weight had lifted – and become chains. A fresh sensation had wracked his body, unlike anything before. The invisible shackles that wrapped around him – over every inch of his skin, wrenched his flesh into paralysing stiffness. And then it had been over. He could move and breathe, and he was covered in numbness.
One of the black robed figures had stepped forward, and spoken the word again. 
Ayadra.
The numbness crystallised into pain. He had yelped, but the pain had frozen his muscles – and for a time after, a weakness lingered.
They had been done with him, and he was brought back to his cell. It was then that he had succumbed to sleep. He had been awoken by the screeching of the door – when they had come to tend his wounds.
Ayadra. He had spoken it once to himself, and again pain struck him. He felt bound, a feeling that extended past the weight of the physical manacles and collar around his neck. A feeling he could not shake. And he knew the word was responsible – he knew it bound him. 
Ayadra.
 
Chapter 5

The first mountain was not done, it told the Andarae to take sand from its face and cast it into the river. Again, the Andarae obeyed. The sand rushed amidst the currents and vanished under the water. For a moment, nothing happened. But then two new peaks began to emerge. They grew, and soon two new lands held place upon the river. And so the Second and Third heavens were born.

*     *     *

The storm had subsided. Its fury was spent. The air outside had cleared, and while the chill still lingered and the landscape was bleached of all colour but white, the townspeople had begun to emerge and inspect the damage left by the storm. The grey-stone that composed the entirety of Grgadorn had weathered the blizzard without even defacement. 
The black, tattered clouds that resided on the southern horizon left in their aftermath only the task of clearing snow. 

Inside the keep, the Tribunal had once more called the Archivists and the Knights to the council chamber. The room was again lit by torches; fire seemingly the only light of Grgadorn. The day had grown late, as before, and the pallid shine of the Southern Sun was fading towards night.
The Elder Archivists and the Champion of the White Wolf had taken their places, with the Circle of Sword-Bearers behind them. The members of the Tribunal were each seated at their table, observing a reverent silence. Another man – who none of the guests of Grgadorn had yet seen – stood against the wall behind the four High Magus, flanking the empty, central chair reserved for their leader.
The man was shrouded in leather, but bore the insignia of the Magus Order across his chest. His tuft of hair, pale gold, sat atop a face that was rough and scarred; the marks of a soldier’s life decorated his countenance from one side to the other. Though no scarring could conceal the contempt in his eyes.
He was tall and broad, and his posture bore the same straight-backed superiority carried by so many of the magus. Head high and chest forward, he swept the knights before him with a casual disdain. 
The session began as the Staff-Bearer was again announced and entered the chamber. The Tribunal stood in respect to their leader, as protocol demanded; Hadrath bade them sit, and addressed the Archivists.
“Again we meet to discuss the threats that now present themselves to our land.” he began, “The Tribunal has investigated heavily into the matter of how best to deal with the weapon-key of Perrefiere. And we believe we have ascertained a solution.”
The pause that followed was broken by the restive interjection from Rethan, “Well what is it?”
Ignoring the impetuousness of the Archivist, Hadrath continued, “You may find it disagreeable, but it is the only way we have to deal with the Incarnate.”
“Tell us.” Phio ordered.
“We must bring the creature to Ambranas.”
Distaste scoured the Elder Archivist’s mouth – he shot a glance at Ormus; the older man’s impassive countenance did not betray the triumph he, undoubtedly, felt.
“Why?” Phio asked.
“I understand that the idea of bringing the weapon of the Immortal into the darkness of Perrefiere seems mad,” the Staff-Bearer admitted, “But it is only in Ambranas that the Incarnate may be undone.” he paused; his characteristic authority wavered for a moment, marked by an inscrutable weakness around his eyes, “There is a Magus who has both the knowledge and the ability to deal with this creature. This Magus however, was exiled twenty years ago to the City of Shades. And currently he is under the protection of one of the house Patrons who rule the City. Any effort made to recover him would fail. Hence, we must bring the creature to him.”
“Why would he help us, if we are responsible for the banishment from his home?” Phio questioned.
“The Tribunal has agreed to revoke his sentence, and pay him handsomely. But he does not trust us, and he has demanded that those we send to protect the creature escort him back to Ammandorn. He was not open to negotiation about his price.”
Phio considered the idea as silence returned. Though he watched Ormus, warily, as the Elder Archivist leaned forward to address the Staff-Bearer – the sincerity in his rival’s voice was absolute.
“And there is no other way?”
Hadrath shook his head, “There is none.”
“Do you trust this Magus?” Phio enquired.
“Yes.” Hadrath answered, without pause.
Rethan’s outburst shocked each of the men at his table, “You are insane.” before the outrage of the Tribunal could manifest into words, he added, “This idea is entirely mad!”
“How dare you.” Ragmurath growled, from beside the Staff-Bearer, “You would insult us in our own Keep? We do not waste time with inane ideas.”
“Then you are admitting the Tribunal is powerless?” Rethan accused, unashamedly.
Ragmurath’s mouth curled into a sneer, “We have more power than you would know.”
“We are powerless.” Hadrath corrected. 
The admission silenced the High Magus at his side, and Rethan’s anger transmuted into triumph; but as quickly, was tainted by resentment – as comprehension of the Staff-Bearer’s admission beset him.
“In this regard, we are powerless.” Hadrath repeated, “We have already tried to undo this creature with all the power the Tribunal can muster. And we failed.”
Though his belligerence had been tempered, Rethan still pressed, “Then how can one Magus do what many cannot?” 
“Power alone is not enough to combat this weapon.” Hadrath answered, “It was forged by the darkest power this world has known. We cannot match that. And we do not possess the understanding of Incarnate magic that is required to do so. We outlawed it long ago. The very man, who we are to send this creature to, was exiled for his study of Incarnate magic – the irony is not lost on me that our doom is of our own making.” he sighed, a deep regret coloured his tone, “The deep magics are instruments of understanding – this magus claims to know a great deal more than we, and to have the expertise in this forbidden practice that we lack; if he possesses this knowledge then he has the capacity to undo the weapon-key.”
“Are you certain he can deal with the creature?” Phio asked, quietly.
Again, Hadrath did not pause before he answered him, “Yes. We trust him.”
Silence pervaded. Phio studied the eyes of the Staff-Bearer, and the magus held his gaze without even a sidelong glance.
“I find the proposal acceptable.” Ormus stated.
“Of course you do.” Rethan muttered under his breath.
“What if you are wrong?” Phio asked the leader of the Tribunal.
Hadrath weakened, momentarily, “Then I do not know what will happen.”
“There is no prophecy that says the weapon will destroy Eryndor.” Ormus said.
“You would sacrifice the people of the old land, even if there was.” Rethan snapped; the attack left the older man unfazed. 
Ormus’ imperturbable composure enforced the forthrightness of his tone, “Eryndor is a fading land – even now more people cross the inland sea to come to Ammandorn. And we cannot allow our lands to be destroyed.”
“So we forsake Eryndor to save Ammandorn?”
“Risk,” Ormus responded, flatly, “We risk the safety of Eryndor – to save both.”
Incensed once more, Rethan rebutted, “We cannot willingly sacrifice the people of Eryndor.”
“We have had this argument.” Phio intervened, attempting to silence the dispute.
“Phio.” 
“Enough Rethan.” he said, finally censuring his friend. 
Rethan stared at him for a moment, his eyes wavering between pleading and betrayal; Phio avoided his gaze, “I find the proposal acceptable.” 
Rethan relinquished his opposition with a disappointed sigh.
“Then it is agreed.” the Tribunal Leader declared, “The weapon-key of Perrefiere will be taken to Ambranas.” The nods of the two Elder Archivists, albeit reluctant on Phio’s behalf, were not joined by the third; Rethan’s defeat did not yield consensus.
“How do you plan to take the creature there safely?” Ormus questioned. 
“The Tribunal has considered the matter,” the Staff-Bearer answered, formally, “And we have arrived at a decision. As all due haste is required, we have assigned our Champion and two lower magus to guard the creature, and escort it to Eryndor.” 
The man behind Hadrath prepared to step forward when Phio interrupted him.
“Three men?” he asked, in disbelief, “You expect three men to be enough to keep that thing safe?”
“Why not send an army?” Rethan asked – though his tone was not riled by anger, only a similar scepticism.
“An army would take too long to assemble, and far too long to travel.” Hadrath rebutted, “We do not know how much time we have before the Immortal moves to make his war, or before this weapon realises its task. A large force is unfeasible.”
“If this creature is so important to the enemy, then surely its absence has been noticed,” Phio argued, “The Darkness of Eryndor must be searching for it.”
“We had considered that,” Ragmurath stated, with a grating condescension that evinced his pique, “If the Immortal is looking for his weapon then it only stresses the need for haste and secrecy.” 
Rethan continued Phio’s line of thought, “And if the enemy discovers the creature, how can three men hope to defend it?” 
“An Army would draw all attention to it – and it would be assaulted by the enemy’s full might.” Hadrath elucidated, firmly, “With the coming war we need every soldier we have. Secrecy is our ally – secrecy and swiftness. A smaller group will go unnoticed, and will reach the city before the enemy can make its move. It is the only way.”
“This is a suicide mission.” Rethan remarked under his breath – his characteristic irascibility returned.
Though inappropriate, as ever his friend was, Phio felt no inclination to dispute his summation of the Tribunal’s plan. 
Ragmurath turned a cutting glare on Rethan, “No – it is not, Archivist,” he spat the inaccurate title with repugnance, as though it was a disgrace that he should have to speak the word at all, “The mission presents great risk – but nothing that a Magus cannot overcome. It is both accomplishable and will yield victory. It is an attack we must deal to the Immortal.” 
It seemed as though the High Magus wished to continue speaking, but he restrained himself; however, the insult was palpable amidst the contempt of his eyes – you do not have the strength to fight this war.
Rethan met the High Magus glare with his own irate gaze – his lips moved to sling a retort.
“The Tribunal would not send their Champion on a suicide mission, Rethan.” Elder Archivist Ormus stated, bluntly. 
Rethan made no attempt to quash the detesting sneer that warped his face; though the retort shifted its target with his eyes.
Phio intervened, “This is a very important task – one we must see completed. And in this regard, I do not think it would go amiss if we were to assign some Knights of our own to assist your magus.”
“Magic is the dominion of the Tribunal.” Ragmurath snapped.
“The domains of the law have already been trespassed by the Magus, and in this matter we are all concerned,” Phio countered; the reminder of the Tribunal’s contested crime served only to elicit a sneer from the arrogant High Magus, “If it is as important as you say – then the Assembly would see this mission completed.”
Phio caught the flicker of some deeper emotion that disturbed the Staff-Bearer’s features – for a moment, Hadrath seemed overcome by doubt. But whatever pang of reservation had influenced the stern authority of his countenance, the Leader of the Tribunal recovered it in a moment’s passing afterwards.
“I agree, Elder Archivist,” Hadrath said, impassively, stifling any objection from his subordinates, “This is a matter we all must be party to. You may assign two knights to accompany the Champion.”
Phio smiled dimly, and looked over to Elle’dred, “We will send the Champion of the White Wolf Hall alongside yours. And a knight, present here, of his choosing.”
Elle’dred glanced over his shoulder – his eyes catching Hheirdane’s. His friend gave a simple nod, and the question in Elle’dred’s eyes turned to gratitude.
As he stood, all attention drew to him, “If I may speak, then?” a gesture from the Staff-Bearer granted permission, “I choose Hheirdane, Knight and Sword-Bearer of the White Wolf Hall to accompany me.”
Hheirdane stepped forward and bowed before the council of Magus and Archivists.
“Very well,” Hadrath said, “You will accompany our Champion to the City. However, I must have your understanding, that at all times our Champion will be in command – unlike the Archivists we are not and this group will not be run democratically. He is well versed in magic and all that is needed to guard this charge, you will follow his orders, and answer to him at all times, is that agreed?”
Elle’dred and Hheirdane both nodded their acceptance of the terms.
“This is our Champion, Taedoran of Ygoth.”  Hadrath said, as he turned to the man standing behind him. 
Taedoran moved away from the wall, past the Tribunal’s table and into the centre of the room. He eyed his counterpart with a new scorn as he bowed to the Elder Archivists.
“I am Taedoran of Ygoth, Champion of the Magus Tribunal,” he announced, again, with unabashed pride, “And it is my honour to serve them.”
Elle’dred nodded, half-bowing in response, and asked, “I would like to know what course we will take.”
“As the Tribunal has agreed to your presence,” Taedoran said, “I and the two magus will be taking the northern road at dawn. Have your things ready. Meet us in the stables.”
He turned and began to move back to his position.
“I may be under your command, but I am no servant to be talked down to.” Elle’dred returned, harshly, causing the Tribunal’s Champion to wheel about on a foot and face him, “I asked what course we will be taking.”
Taedoran glared derisively at him for a moment, before questioning his superior – the Leader of the Tribunal, with a glance.
Hadrath had already begun to nod, when Phio added, resolving the debate, “I would also like to know what road the mission is to take.”
The Champion of the Tribunal gritted his teeth; displeasure consumed his eyes as they fought his façade of respect, “From the north road we will turn across the Fore-guard Mountains, and traverse the plains of Thgad. From there we will head for the pass of Thayad’Myr, and we will follow that into Eryndor.”
“The pass of Thayad’Myr?” Elle’dred asked, confusion setting in, “That takes us past the mouth of Agdor – what of the goblins’ threat?”
“We have no other road to take.” Taedoran answered, unequivocally.
“What of the Inland Sea?” Phio asked. 
Elle’dred continued the Elder Archivist’s thought, “Why not take a ship, it would be much faster and safer –”
“No ships may be taken.” the Staff-Bearer declared, “The party must not cross the Inland Sea.”
“Why?” Phio asked – the magus’ cryptic decree sparked a flare of frustration.
“We do not have to explain ourselves.” High Magus Ragmurath spat.
“Ragmurath,” Hadrath chastised and paused, “Magic is the dominion of the Tribunal, as such we cannot tell you why the inland sea must not be crossed. That knowledge was long ago ruled secret – and we allow only our most trusted magus to understand why.” he turned a resolute gaze on Phio, “If the Assembly wishes to amend our decision, it will take a formal reprimand to do so. The course our Champion has presented is the only acceptable road.”
The unconcealed challenge to their authority perturbed both Phio and Rethan; but, as they had no immediate recourse against the ruling, they suppressed their objections. Rethan, however, wore a displeased scowl that expressed the emotions Phio concealed under a more reserved demeanour.
“The Tribunal has spoken,” Taedoran affirmed abruptly; after a quick pause, he turned particularly to Elle’dred, and remarked in a lowered voice, “By your questions Knight, I would think you would not have the duty of this mission.”
Elle’dred eyed him coldly, “I will do my duty – and bare whatever cost it may take of me.”
The Champion of the White Wolf sat back down, avoiding the gaze of the man he had already begun to loathe. The Champion of the Tribunal moved to the wall, the smugness of victory evident in his stride.
“The party will leave tomorrow at dawn,” Hadrath concluded, “They will protect the weapon-key of Perrefiere and bring it to Ambranas. That is where we will deal the first blow of the Immortal’s war.”

The council continued for some hours yet, although the discussion shifted to preparations for the inevitable conflict. After the closing statements had each been given, the tired leaders filed out.
Again, Elle’dred and Hheirdane were the last to leave. 
“I would not have thought you so eager to leave Ammandorn.” Elle’dred remarked; his voice was expressionless – the evening’s politics had utterly exhausted him.
“I may have a daughter,” Hheirdane muttered, “But with the coming war, I would not have seen any more of her,” with a smirk, he added, “And you desperately need someone to stop you from being killed.”
“More likely on friendly swords than foe’s.” Elle’dred joked, a tired grin moving across his face.
“And you need someone you can trust.”
“As you have pointed out whenever you can,” Elle’dred said, “I really don’t have that many friends in the Knights that follow me.” momentarily, he dropped the pretence of humour, “Thank you.”
Hheirdane gave a nod, and after a pause, he muttered, “I think the Champion hates you.”
“It is mutual –” Elle’dred answered, “It makes me evermore glad that you’ll be there – I’d go mad if I had to deal with him alone. Arrogant and insufferable.”
His friend restrained a grin, “Not at all like you.”

*     *     *

The night had passed. Through a restful sleep that was long overdue.
An hour before dawn, Elle’dred had risen, somewhat still bleary from unconsciousness. For a moment, indolence anchored his unclothed form to the edge of the bed; but the cool air of his room quickly nipped his bare skin to gooseflesh, prompting him to rise fully.
Methodically, after addressing the appropriate under-layers for a day’s hard ride through the snow, he donned the familiar leathers that had served him for his four years as Champion of the White Wolf.
Freeing the belt that bore his sword and dagger from the bedpost, he fastened it about his waist – his hand rested briefly on the hilt of his sword. The blade had been given to him by his adoptive father, when he was first inducted into the ranks of the White Wolf.
Pulling it from the scabbard, he looked over the dull metal – nicked at its edges, which had accompanied him through every battle he had fought, and through the trials of Championship.
It had been his father’s, for the entirety of his own knighthood. His father had relinquished it when he was promoted, and then gifted it to his son. It was a knight’s blade, not a Sword-Bearer’s – or the Champion’s. 
The swords carried by the knights of the White Wolf were forged by magus artisans, and were said to be imbued with spells of the deep magics – wardings of protection, justice and swiftness.
Elle’dred had seen no evidence of the spells benefit, if they were there at all. However, a knight’s blade – the blade he carried, had and would never break, unlike a mundane weapon. But it was still only a knight’s blade.
The weapons of the Sword-Bearers, aside from the authority they symbolised, were crafted with an exquisiteness no other sword could match – save for one. They were bound to the blood of their wielder, and bound their wielder to their oath to serve the people.
The only sword that surpassed theirs was the Champion’s Blade. Many myths existed about it. It predated Ammandorn. By all rights, Elle’dred should have been holding it here with him now – but when he was made Champion he had declined. Though tradition might have obligated the blade, there was no law stating a Champion had to wield it. His refusal had been another offence against the veterans of his order – but old men already fuming about his youth and undeserving blood, had not warranted much guilt.
Elle’dred trusted his sword – this sword, more than any other.

After sharpening and oiling the blade in the armoury of the guardhouse, along the northern wall, he proceeded through the frozen morning air to the stables. Hheirdane had beaten him there, and attended his own horse – to the timid frustration of several stable-hands.
Garde had been readied, and was loaded with the Champion’s pack and travelling gear; including a bow and ample supply of arrows. The mount gave no reaction, as Elle’dred entered the lamp-lit stable – but snorted at him as he inspected the straps of the tack. Elle’dred interpreted the greeting as grumpiness.
He chuckled; the hour was far too early and the dark of the morning was uncomfortably cold.
The odd clink of chains jingled amidst the whir of tightening leather, and the gruff snorts of the other horses that would serve the party. Elle’dred peered around, into the recess of the adjacent stall, occupied by the stable-hands and a piebald, young gelding.
The servants had placed a strange saddle on the horse – it had a longer seat than was normal, and fastened to either side were two iron manacles, and a solid ring behind the pommel.
Elle’dred surmised the peculiar tack was made to accommodate their even stranger prisoner. He felt glad he was not the one who would be riding so close to that unsettling, obsidian creature.
Beyond the entryway and the high eastern walls of the township, the black silhouettes of the Aft-guard Mountains were lit by a corona of soft, golden light. The first rays of dawn.
The servants hastened to complete the last adjustments and duties required of them, before leading the three other horses out of the stables towards the courtyard inside the northern gates.
Wordlessly, Elle’dred and Hheirdane followed with their own mounts in tow.
In the slowly retreating gloom, Elle’dred waited for the arrival of the other members of their party. Silence pervaded the dim, bleak grey of the courtyard; and the only movement that caught the knight’s sharp attention was the weary trudge of the guardsmen upon the high battlements of the outer wall, walking their patrol routes past the stationed watch-posts.
It piqued his concern that the courtyard, and the inner defences near the north bastion were empty – though he realised it was likely a precaution to safeguard their departure, and preserve the secrecy of their prisoner.
The arrival of a column of Magus Guards seemed to confirm his hypothesis; in the midst of their swaying vermillion robes, a black shape moved – not the shimmer of scales, but the billowing folds of a cloak. 
The wearer of the garment was vaguely person-shaped – but that was all that could be told of their identity. The hem of the dark material skirted the ground as they walked, and a deep cowl concealed any features of their head and face. 
A face of expressionless black bone, as Elle’dred well knew. Only the chains, and the hoary wisp of breath, which emerged from the black folds indicated that what lay underneath was their prisoner.
Behind the contingent of vermillion guards, the Champion of the Tribunal, Staff-Bearer Hadrath and the two magus Elle’dred assumed were Syla and Dus followed. Taedoran, immediately, moved to his mount – the gelding with the peculiar saddle; and, taking the reins, dismissed the stable-hands from the courtyard.
They bowed reverently to the Staff-Bearer as he and the two other magus continued past the column.
Once the servants had departed, at a wave from the Staff-Bearer, the red lines of identical sets of armour stamped their right boots in perfect synchronicity and spread across the south edge of the courtyard, forming a vermillion cordon which barred view from the township. 
Only the two Magus Guards, devoid of their customary glaives, who held the prisoner’s chains moved further forward, towards Taedoran’s mount.
“Secure the prisoner.” Hadrath ordered in his stern but quiet voice.
The guards parted the mass of dark cloth that enshrouded the Incarnate, to grant a firmer grip on its obsidian body as they lifted it up onto the saddle – underneath the singular piece of attire, though partly covered by bandages, it was still naked. Unprotected from the cold. 
Elle’dred caught the tremble of its jaw as the guards positioned it on the gelding’s back.
Its ankles were bound in the manacles on either side, and the chain that ran between its wrists was fastened to the ring behind the pommel. It slumped forward as the guards completed their task; the edges of its cloak swished back around, concealing it. Its cold-shivers were less obvious under the folds of the material; but as it tentatively drew the cloak tighter – for warmth, they remained mercilessly visible.
Atop the Champion of the Tribunal’s gelding, concealed by a layer of black cloth, the incarnate was made as inconspicuous as was possible. The ruse of normality lasted only a moment, however, as the elongated, obsidian length of its tail slipped the folds of the cloak and writhed gently against the horse’s side. The touch of cold scales unsettled the animal.
Taedoran scowled, and shot a glare at the cloak as he steadied his horse. 
“We should have cut the thing’s tail off.” the Champion of the Tribunal remarked to his superior. 
“That could have injured it unduly.” the Staff-Bearer responded.
The incarnate flinched, as Taedoran ungently gripped its tail and wedged the tip into the limited spare space of its foot manacle. 
“We could’ve shortened it at least.” he muttered under his breath.
The two magus moved beside their respective mounts, and formed up together with Elle’dred and Hheirdane; Elle’dred glanced at the faces of the man and woman he would be travelling with for likely the next year of his life, if not longer.
Dus, assumedly the man, appeared to carry the casual superiority Elle’dred associated with a magus; and to a lesser degree, so did Syla. He held little doubt either would differ from the arrogance he expected of those of their blood and order; and the pessimistic thought passed that if they were as he anticipated, they would strain his endurance across the next months to its maximum.
As the two unarmed Magus Guards opened the inner doors of the north barbican, the Staff-Bearer stepped before and addressed them, “As the Leader of the Tribunal, I entrust you here with the safety of Ammandorn, and of your prisoner. Likely, the enemy searches for his weapon, and once you cross into the pass of Thayad’Myr you will encounter forces that will attempt to hinder your mission. You cannot allow your charge’s life to be taken. You have pledged your lives to preserve its. If you must die to do so, then you will die,” his gaze rested on the two magus; after a pause, he continued, “There is one matter, of which you have not been told. Your charge has been named – this is no idle or trivial subject. Concerns were raised that it may attempt to escape you, that it may try to return to the enemy, and that it may overpower you. As such we have taken a precaution that will serve to keep it at bay; its name. Its name is a spell designed to bind its power – and its body. The spell will keep it under your control, and will prevent it from fleeing should it try to do so. As a deterrent, it also inflicts pain on the creature,” with the slightest hesitation, Hadrath turned his gaze to the incarnate, “Its name is pronounced, Ayadra.”
The cloak flinched, but it made no sound as the word was spoken.
“Ayadra.” Taedoran repeated – prompting another visible wince from beside him; he bowed to the Staff-Bearer, “We will not fail the Tribunal.” 
Hadrath returned a nod of his head, and concluded, “May your mission meet success.”
Taedoran mounted the gelding, behind their prisoner; as he gripped the reins, his arms barred the incarnate to either side. At his direction, Elle’dred and the others mounted. They were led at a trot, through the neck of the gatehouse and out of the northern gates into the frozen whiteness of the valley.
Elle’dred, in some small way, felt relieved to be on the move once more. But the developments of the past days hung over him as darkly as the shadowed peaks of the mountains; his homeland was at war, he was leaving its defence to guard a foul creature across a dangerous course – a foolish course in his opinion, and he was travelling with two magus and a man he had decided he loathed.
He smirked to himself, at how unfortunate his life could be at times.
They took to a gallop.

*     *     *

The coach rolled across the rough surface of the eastern road as it made its way along the bases of the Aft-guard Mountains. Each dip and bump in the ground was unceremoniously transferred to the passengers within; and though only a day had passed since they had left the bastion of the magus, Elder Archivist Phio had already tired of the incessant jostling. The spacious seats, at least, were comfortable and made the tedium of the journey more bearable. 
Admittedly, however, he could not be gladder that they had departed the Magus Keep. Many thoughts weighed his mind, and he was appreciative of the silence the journey afforded him to think.
Faldorn lounged on the seat opposite him, the boy’s attention invested in an old volume. His aide had not said a word, and Phio wondered if the younger archivist also used the time to consider the things that troubled him.
But despite the luxury of contemplation, the Elder Archivist experienced an overshadowing sense of dread – that mounted each time he glanced at his aide. The young man was a persistent reminder of the most concerning matter at hand: was he right?
The possibility that the prophecy, the Magus had read out about the creature, came from a long-dead oracle buried in the turmoil of the past gnawed at him. He had to know for certain – yet he also wanted to avoid it, erase the thought from his mind.  If his aide was right – and, while welcome, it would be a rare occurrence if he was not, Phio would find himself in an intolerable position.
He did not want to think what his duty might then entail.

*     *     *

Ayadra sat atop the horse. He did not know where his captors were taking him, or why. Nor did he particularly care. At first, he had just been glad to be free of his cell. The air was fresh and clean – he wasn’t surrounded by excrement and a reek that stung his nose and eyes.
But his gladness had faded, quickly – the long day of riding had enforced the realisation that he had just traded one discomfort for another. 
Though the inherent toughness of his scales resisted chaffing, hours in a saddle, naked and slumped awkwardly forward to accommodate the contours of his tail, had badly bruised the insides of his legs and groin. His genitals ached sharply, half-crushed under the incessant undulation of his own lean body. 
Despite the resilience of his skin, his ankles had been scraped raw by the hard edge of the manacles. With each trot beneath him, his restraints stung the exposed flesh.
Hunger and cold still dogged him. He shivered unrelentingly.
And he had been unable to shake the gentle fear that quivered through his insides – he was as helpless as he had been in his cell. Perhaps more so. His guards were closer. And more likely to take offence.
All he could do to placate his captors was bear any pain in silence. 
He had yelped, once, during the day; his raw ankle had been wrenched by the manacle, as he was tossed about by the horse’s movements. His primary guard – the man named Taedoran, leading the mount on foot, had spoken that word – his name, in reprimand. 
Ayadra had bitten his tongue, to stifle another cry, as the name invoked its crystallised pain.
His captor had lost interest in him when he was silent. The incident had taught silence would prevent further abuse.
Sometime during the day, Taedoran had ordered them off the road and into the foothills of the Fore-guard Mountains. Ayadra had not understood, and paid little attention, to the short conversation his guards had; all he knew was the ride became more uncomfortable – more times he had to bite his tongue, and that his guards frequently dismounted to lead their animals on foot.
It was a welcome relief when they stopped, and he was permitted a period of relative motionlessness. The day’s pale ambience was fading, and this time when his guards dismounted he heard the orders given to prepare camp.
Ayadra was grateful to be ignored for an extended period of time. 
The soft crackle and gentle warmth of the campfire however, elicited an involuntary dread – the lingering trauma of the brand ached on his arm. 
He didn’t like fire – fire was hot, fire burned, like brands.
The distress lessened after a time, as the fire served only to replace the chill of the air with warmth. The underlying trepidation did not fade, however; kind things often led to abuse.
– A faint gust of wind blew in over the edge of the clearing, fluttered the edge of his cloak, and reminded him of the chill. The clearing where they had made camp was a shallow bowl, fenced by trees, and walled on one side by a high ledge. The scarp beside the ledge overhung the northern rim, and provided some shelter from the wind.
The brief solitude he had been granted, however, inevitably came to an end – his dread manifested once more as Taedoran approached. Wordlessly, his guard undid the shackles around his feet, and unfastened the chain of his manacles from the ring. 
Ayadra gave no resistance.
Taedoran attempted to shift him down, off the saddle; but as Ayadra slid askew to the horse, his guard’s grasp was insufficient to fully brace him. Weak from hunger, and daring not to move more than was allowed, Ayadra could not prevent himself from toppling the remaining distance to a hard landing on the ground.
He winced. The impact aggravated the bruises on his legs, sent a stab of pain through his abdomen – and offended his guard.
“Ayadra.” the man growled, frustrated, and angry – the name evoked its pain. 
Ayadra flinched, again. But made no sound.
Taedoran bent down and took hold of his chains; a swift jerk hauled him to his feet. Immediately, his captor began to drag him across the camp. He stumbled behind his guard; bruising, bandages and hunger hampered every step; he knew his weakness would be interpreted as resistance.
His guard’s impetus brought him to the base of the ledge – and the man’s frustration threw him into the rock-face. The second impact jarred his shoulder. He winced; stifled a grunt.
Despite sore, tremulous legs, he forced himself to remain standing; until his guard permitted him to sit. He restrained a jump of fear – as Taedoran pulled something from his belt; something long, thin and sharp. But the picket was used only to secure his chains to the ground.
Near prostrate, Ayadra huddled as surreptitiously as he could underneath the cloak.
His guard stood over him.
“Ayadra,” – a flinch, “You will sleep here tonight. You will not move unless I tell you to.”
He stared at the ground. A pause.
“Understood, Ayadra?” – Another flinch, followed by a hard, obvious nod. Ayadra’s eyes did not leave the ground. The weight of dread lifted as his guard turned and left him alone.
His position in the camp was furthest from the fire, furthest from its warmth. And as the darkness of night settled over the ledge above him, the cold was at its worst.
Tentatively, inoffensively, he drew the heavy material of his cloak around his nakedness; but it did little to lessen the chill. Despite the hard quaking, he suppressed the tremor of his jaw. Chattering teeth were noise; noise gave ground for offence. His stomach gurgled.
– The sweet scent of the broth bubbling above the fire caught his nostrils with an undeniable reminder. He was so hungry. The faint hope that he might be fed rallied with overpowering strength; despite trepidation, he could not help a brief, longing glance at the pot and the wisps of steam that curled up out of it.
One of his other guards – the man he had heard called Elle’dred, ladled the golden brown mixture into bowls; five bowls only. 
He looked away.
Taedoran approached again – dread. His guard did not come very close this time; and threw something on the ground beside him.
“Eat.”
Without looking up – restraining the desperate urge to grab at his renewed hope, Ayadra timidly reached out to retrieve the morsel. His talon, angled above and in parallel with his hand, slipped out of the folds and glistened darkly in the firelight. He felt the detesting sneer warp his guard’s face; he paused – afraid. But when a second passed, and no reprimand was given, he steadily retracted his limb into the cloak and his guard turned away.
It was food. Cold, hard food. But food – he was grateful for anything.
He nibbled at it, as he shivered. He had to restrain himself from wolfing it down. He had done that before. That could hurt. And he didn’t enjoy the food. Slow, savouring chews were best; to let it sit in his mouth for as long as he could.
The ration was a piece of dried meat, wrapped in a hard, leathery bread – it was the most delicious thing he had ever had. And larger than he was accustomed to. Despite the cold, Ayadra took a long while to enjoy every small mouthful of his meal.
Once the others had eaten, watch duty was assigned. Taedoran ordered three rotations; he would take the first, Hheirdane the second and Elle’dred the last.
As the others unfurled their bedrolls, and distributed blankets, one of the black-robed figures – the man, remarked to the other, “Lovely, when we’re frozen by morning I’ll tell you I told you so.”
The black-robed woman did not respond immediately, instead she muttered something inaudible – the fire cracked loudly in response. 
Ayadra started in alarm – his gaze darted involuntarily to the blaze; the fire was no different; the sound seemed a coincidence. Thankfully, no one noticed him.
“We will survive the night.” the woman answered.
One of his guards approached – Elle’dred. Shivering, Ayadra looked down.
The man was stopped by their leader.
“What are you doing, knight?” Taedoran snapped.
“I am giving it a blanket.” Elle’dred responded, “We cannot have our charge freezing.”
The notion of more warmth had not crossed Ayadra’s mind; that his body might not be wracked by incessant trembling and the cold kindled another fragile hope; he dared a glance at his captor’s hand – Elle’dred held a blanket.
“It has survived blizzards deadly to men, unscathed. It cannot die from the cold.” Taedoran snatched the blanket away. Elle’dred retreated.
The hope of warmth died amongst Ayadra’s shivering.
He did not know if what his guard had said was true – he did not remember a blizzard. All he could remember was the chill of his cell. He wrapped himself in his wings, curled his tail around his feet, and drew the cloak as tight as he could. The measures provided no relief. That he would not die, mattered little to him – he still felt painfully cold. 
And the shivering discounted any hope for sleep.
At least the air was not foetid – and his belly was full; for those facts he was grateful, and the cloak was more than he had had in his cell.
He tried to sleep. He shivered.

*     *     *

The night bled by. Elle’dred was roused to take the last watch. He assumed his duty with the trained stoicism and vigour expected of the Champion of the White Wolf. Though, he could not help a quip at Hheirdane about how cold the mountains were in winter.
His hand rested on the hilt of his sword, as he paced the camp’s perimeter. A glance out at the darkness that bordered their encampment revealed only that the shadow beyond the firelight was impenetrable – and it piqued his wariness. It was a danger; any threat attracted by the glow of their fire would be unseen until it reached close quarters.
He had to rely on his hearing to give any form of forewarning, should they be attacked. It occurred to him that if a particularly skilful foe decided to creep into bow range, the only forewarning he would have might be the whistle of an arrow, and the others would only have his last, gurgled scream to inform them of their imminent doom – if he didn’t die instantly.
He chuckled; he wasn’t usually this morbid. These mountains were safe; he and his order had seen to it. One of the two campaigns he had led during his short champion-hood, had been across the Aft-guard and Fore-guard mountains; rooting out the goblins that dwelt here.
Two years ago, he had dealt with an army of the foes raised at their rare villages across these slopes. The army had been the only threat to emerge from these mountains in more than half a century, and it had been a rag-tag force at that, easily quashed by a trained band of soldiers. After one battle, and months of clean-up skirmishes across the slopes, they had cleared a number of the goblins villages. 
Since, no reports had arrived of attacks or trouble in the passes, though admittedly only the rare trader – eager to save money on travel time, ventured off the north road and crossed the mountains. Elle’dred was confident any remaining enemy outposts were not capable of mounting an attack, even on trade caravans. As an added security, the military continued forays at regular intervals to scout out any resurgent encampments. The only ones they had found were abandoned.
But as successful as his campaign may have been, it had not been clean – and it had preceded one of the most painful events of his life. Hheirdane had lost his son, after their proclaimed victory.
The bay of a wolf pulled him from his musing. The howl carried, distant and long, and faded softly on the wind.
Elle’dred wondered where the wolf was – and if it was as cold as he.
He retrieved some spare wood and added it to the blaze; the flames delighted in spurts and flares as they eagerly engorged on the fuel. His attentive gaze darted up to the movement of the incarnate, on the far side of their camp.
For a brief moment, he thought he caught the glimmer of its dark eyes. 
Ayadra still shivered, and Elle’dred doubted if the incarnate had managed any sleep. The knight felt the barest pang of pity; it might have been a strange, unnatural creature, but he knew it was suffering.
Hheirdane shifted beside him. Through a thin crack of his lids he glanced up at Elle’dred.
“You’re not sleeping.” Elle’dred remarked.
“I can’t,” the recumbent knight answered, “I can’t stop thinking.”
“A rare occasion,” Elle’dred quipped; he glanced at the incarnate, “The creature doesn’t sleep either.”
“It worries me – how close it is.”
“It is bound.” he reassured.
After a pause, Hheirdane muttered, “I’m glad I’m not the one the Tribunal chose to keep it at bay.”
“You would at least show restraint when handling it. You wouldn’t risk injuring it.”
“Don’t provoke the Champion – his orders, after –” his friend paused abruptly.
Elle’dred had heard it too. Something moved out in the forest – close to the clearing.
No words were required; Hheirdane rose and retrieved his weapons, Elle’dred moved around the camp, waking each of the others. Taedoran drew his sword in a hum of steel.
“They do not have bows, else they would’ve used them.” Elle’dred whispered. 
Taedoran gave no acknowledgement; he turned to the two magus, “We need more light.”
After a moment of uncertainty, Syla knelt by the fire and mumbled something Elle’dred could not discern. The fire responded with a crackle.
Though the blaze grew no larger, nor increased in heat or brightness – the light it now shed climbed over the rim of the clearing and out, down into the trees. 
Beyond poised reflexes, and the tension of his wary body, Elle’dred was somewhat unsettled by the strange extension of the lighting. In the faint gloom across the slope he spied a number of dark shapes moving through the forest. Beside him, Hheirdane nocked an arrow in his bow.
His friend drew back and let the shaft loose; there was no sound of it landing. The shot however exposed their foe’s mettle; the shadows held their ground.
If they were goblins, their behaviour was not in keeping with Elle’dred’s past experiences. If their foes had the numbers to overwhelm them, they would charge heedless. But if they matched the party in force, and could not catch them by surprise they would withdraw and attempt another ambush at a later time. Goblins were naught if not masters of stealthy tracking and the ambush.
But they would not stand their ground.
Elle’dred hesitated, some other motive rooted his enemy in place.
The goblins’ designs became apparent in a flurry of movement and the panicked snorts and whinnies from their horses. Amidst the mass of wildly bucking and thrashing horseflesh, pulling desperately at their picket lines, Elle’dred spied a foreign shape, and the glint of steel. 
He bolted for their mounts, Hheirdane beside him.
Two of the animals thudded to the ground amongst a spatter of blood, one – cut free of its bindings bolted over the edge of the clearing and into the pre-dawn murkiness of the forest.
As Elle’dred neared the bodies of the chestnut and black that had born the two magus, he caught sight of a small mass of white-brown leather scurrying up the northern scarp and into the depths of the trees.
Hheirdane drew back his second arrow and let the shaft loose. It thudded into a tree some distance across the steep slope.
The pained moans of the gelding elicited Elle’dred’s attention; the horse, in fearful agony, continued its desperate attempts to find its feet and pull upon its picket. But each time it forced its hind legs to stand, the limbs quivered and buckled from the pain of the jagged gash running along its side. Blood trickled across its flank, and coated its hindquarters and leg.
The wound would be ultimately lethal, Elle’dred knew. The horse’s movements were already stiff and weak. The knight moved into sword-range, and with a precise upwards cut bared-open the animal’s neck. Blood flicked airborne through the horse’s last wild spasm, as the knight backed a step.
Blood loss eased the gelding into stillness.
In an instant Elle’dred’s guard was raised, again – at the rasp and cough from beneath him. A goblin lay at Garde’s feet, its legs pinned by the chestnut’s body, and it sported hoof-wounds in its chest. 
The sallow skin of its head was half dyed in horse-blood – but its feral visage could not be disguised. Its head bore disturbing resemblance to a skull – bare and lifeless; its mouth, unhindered by lips, was only two interlocked rows of exposed teeth, and its sharp, deep sockets curved to a hairless cranium, lacking ears. Its skin, cracked and uneven, was wrapped to its gaunt features like a sallow canvas drawn taut. Its eyes, had they not been locked under pain-clenched lids were red with black slits; the only feature to defy its revenant appearance.
It gurgled another breath laced in bloodied spittle.
Elle’dred gave no second thought; inverting his grasp on his sword, he stabbed down, swift and precise. His blade sliced through the goblin’s throat, just above its breastbone and the collar of its leathers. 
It died within moments.
“They have retreated.” Taedoran barked over to him.
Wiping the blood from his sword, Elle’dred gave his mount a quick look-over; besides a few flecks of red from the other horses, Garde was uninjured. The horse gave Elle’dred a nod of its head and a snort, calm as before the battle had threatened it.
Elle’dred allowed a smirk, and moved back to the others.
“The goblins will attempt to follow us, until they can setup another ambush.” he muttered to their leader.
Taedoran did not respond, instead turning to Dus.
“Cover our retreat.” the Champion of the Magus Tribunal ordered.
Almost blithely, the battle-magus nodded acknowledgment and moved to the edge of the clearing. Dus held out his hand.
The snow around their encampment melted and as instantly rose into the air as a cloud of steam; the hoary mist climbed up through the trees, to the vacant canopy and past, into the darkness of the sky.
The forest beyond the clearing was obscured by a wall of fog.
Taedoran quietly ordered them to gather their things, and for Elle’dred and Hheirdane to replace Garde’s tack with the unique saddle equipped to secure their prisoner, before he moved over to the incarnate.
Ayadra offered no resistance to its handler, but Elle’dred could tell the incarnate was agitated – he wondered if it was not as apprehensive about the threat out in the forest as they; though distrust warned him that its apprehension was likely more anticipation of its captors slaughter and it gaining freedom following that.
Elle’dred glanced at the cloaked figure; its trembling and compliance with the Champion of the Tribunal seemed to make any idea it wished them harm less plausible.
Still, when their leader enlisted the knight’s help in lifting the obsidian creature onto Garde’s back, Elle’dred hesitated; however piteous it might seem at an idle glance, he could not help but feel disturbed by its strangeness – it was an unnatural thing.  
As he secured it to his horse, once again, he thought he caught the abyssal glimmer of its eyes.
The first pale, glow of dawn had passed them, before they set off into the strange cloud conjured by the magus. Wariness clung to every step, as Elle’dred painfully navigated the obscured, snow-clad forest floor; the pace was slow – a measure meant to avoid losing track of any of the party members, and to not blunder into trees or off a precipitous outcropping to a rock-dashed death across the mountainside.
Dus thinned the mist ahead of them, all he said he could do, and Syla had mumbled some words into each of their torches, which Elle’dred guessed was a spell to further conceal the light.
But the concern dogged him, while they might yet avoid this first conflict with their enemies – their enemies by all rights should not have been encountered here at all. That a lone goblin band in all the vastness of the range might have crossed them by happenstance seemed impossible, which left only the deduction that a larger force was spread across the mountains and those they had encountered just one of myriad scouting parties.
The idea became evermore plausible to Elle’dred; if the goblins were massing as a unified threat, their advance forces would have crossed the flatlands and setup positions from which they could launch raids on the towns and roads, stalling supplies and tying up military resources in defence if not leading detachments on wild, fruitless chases. 
These mountains were an ideal location for such bases as any.
Anticipation loomed over him, that the party may yet meet armed resistance across the slopes – and that likely, the next time would not favour them in the odds.  
 

Chapter 6

Spray from the river fell upon the ground of the Second Heaven, Narguin. Six drops sat for a moment, and then the wind swept them into the sky. They danced above the Second Heaven, and did so with such grace that the Andarae wept. The Andarae named them Wyverns and proclaimed them lords of the sky.

Yet more drops fell upon the second heaven. And they too were swept up into the sky. But none danced with such grace or power as the first six drops had shown. And the Andarae knew that the first six were the rulers of the second Heaven. They named them the Wyvern Kings, and said they would rule their heaven and all that lay upon or above it.

*     *     *

Hadrath pondered in silence. 
He was loath to wasting time, but the suddenness of all his new duties had forced him to shun old habits. Evermore now, he desired to return to the time when only the matters of the courts and the students of his home weighed on him. He found the business of war left a bad taste in his mouth, and a dirtiness on his hands. The piles of paper that stressed the sturdy wood of his desk were all death warrants. Or at least, that was the way he saw them.
As the Leader of the Tribunal the duty of assigning magus to support the armies fell on him, and he had to compose and sign the orders that would send many of his students into battle. He wondered how many of them would die.
A knock at the door pulled him from his musing.
“Come.” he called, turning to see who entered. 
A middle age woman with short brown hair and a kindly face stepped through the aperture and smiled. Hadrath returned the expression.
“Lyssa.” he greeted warmly.
“Staff-Bearer.” She bowed.
“Now don’t be cheeky, girl,” he chided, “It is bad manners.”
She laughed, and moved over to him, “It’s good to see you.” They exchanged a fond hug.
“I’m sorry. I don’t have as much time as I once did,” he mumbled, “For family.”
“It’s understandable,” she said, “What with this new war, I’m surprised you have any time at all. It came as something of a surprise as you would know.”
“Indeed it did,” Hadrath sighed, “How did you know I was not busy?”
“I didn’t,” she answered, slyly, “But I reasoned you’d be happy to make time for me.”
Hadrath chortled, “I always did give you an unfair amount of attention.”
“You always were my favourite father.” she commented and beamed – but the mirth faded rather abruptly, “Actually that is what brings me here.”
“Your father?” Hadrath asked as he ushered her to a chair, and sat.
“Yes, well no. The war more accurately.” she met his eyes, earnestly, “I’ve decided to sign up with the armies.”
Hadrath was stunned; he held the silence as he sat down in the chair beside hers.
“I was not intending to,” she continued, “But my father…Erroth has decided that it is time to come out of retirement. I think seven years of peace was too much for him. Derric has asked me to watch over him. I think he’s afraid the old man will get killed if no one is there to keep him from tripping on his own sword.” 
The words were bitter, but Hadrath was well aware of the regret they concealed.
“It seems rather evident, that it would not require much of me to persuade you from this.” he muttered.
Lyssa smiled, “No, and I was hoping you would.” she laughed briefly, and sighed, “Unfortunately, I have made a promise, and I will keep it – Derric would never forgive me if I refused – and there’s some benefit in it for me as well.”
“Oh?”
“My brother suggested that it would be a good chance to get to know him.” she seemed heartened by the words, but added snidely in counterpoint, “Prove I am the daughter he wanted.”
“Erroth loves you.” Hadrath chided. 
Though she raised an eyebrow in disbelief, the glint of hopefulness in her gaze made her brace her collapsing smile, “I know. That’s why I am going to do this for him.”
Hadrath sighed. The division that tore him asunder marred every word of advice with a lack of conviction. Half of him urged to talk some sense into her, while the other half lectured his affection, and reminded him that the decision was not his to make.
“That is why I came here,” she said, “I wanted to ask a favour of you. I want you to make certain that I am assigned to the same regiment as he is.”
Hadrath smiled, concealing his trepidations, “Consider it done.”
She sighed and smiled – whether it was real or forced, Hadrath could not tell. He reached out and rested his aged hand on hers.
“I am quite certain you will make him proud. You have made me proud, Lyssa. And you well know how difficult I am to please…and I am not your father.”
Lyssa shot him a coy glance, “Yes you are.”
Hadrath could not restrain a smile, nor a welling tear, “Well then, in that case – as a father I would ask a small favour of you in this endeavour; please, be careful, and refrain from dying if you would – for that would not make me proud at all.”
She chuckled, “I’ll do my best.”
He patted her hand, sniffed and regained himself. Standing again, he moved over to the cabinet on the wall, where he removed a decanter and some glasses. The port unveiled its sweet, floral scent as he poured it. He returned to his seat, and handed her a glass. They both sipped and contemplated in silence, before the daze of alcohol set in.
After a while, she enquired, “How is Keylyn?”
“Ah? Oh. He is as his usual. The boy is a tad odd. But I suppose that is to be expected now,” Hadrath paused, “The anniversary of his parent’s death is approaching – he prefers to hide his feelings.”
“And you don’t do that at all.” she lipped.
Hadrath smiled but continued, ignoring the quip, “He is quite dear to me. Often, I think the pain of his loss has been too much for him. I do not think he will ever be the same as he was…though, he does his best, I suppose.” he loosed a sigh, “He needs a father, and although I have tried – I do not know if I have done enough.”
“Of course you have.” Lyssa chided, and after a pause remarked, “Though, you should speak with your real son. How long has it been?”
“This year? Three, since we last talked.”
“Hadrath.” Lyssa chided, again, gently.
The Staff-Bearer stared wistfully across the room, “Mara was always the one who kept our family together. I suppose I could ask him – to meet with him this year. We could visit his mother’s grave together.”
Lyssa smirked, “For certain, because that is the best time to talk to your son.”
“You know my girl,” Hadrath responded, “I do not recall requesting a lecture from you.”
She giggled genially, “You gave your fair share to me when I was younger.”
“Well, on that matter, I am still your elder and you should show me the proper respect.”
“Yes. Of course.” she answered, “Staff-Bearer.”
Hadrath chuckled.

*     *     *

The deep ravine, the Archivist convoy had crossed into, led high into the mountains; their destination was nestled amidst the towering mounds of stone. 
Delphanas – the City of Eyes, was built at the meeting of three peaks, encircled by their bases. It had no open sides, only impassable rock and jagged ridges lay around it – and very few of the tortuous, narrow paths through the ravines opened to the immense ring of stone.
The City was carved from the rock cradle itself, and rose to a height that even the peaks around it would not shame. It was a perfect circle that held at its centre a dipping amphitheatre. The theatre could hold three hundred thousand people on its descending steps, and the ring spanned more than its diameter on either side.  From above, Delphanas could be given semblance to an eye, and this was in its design, as it housed the school of the Oracles: the Halls of Seeing, where those born to the seeing-blood were brought at birth and taught their gift.
The outer, curving wall overshadowed their approach; solid white-grey marble towered a dozen levels above them, then broke into dozens more balconied floors that met the distant buttress of the roof. Beside the gentle curve and mammoth height of the wall, they made their way towards the western entrance of the Ring City. The archway, which held in its depth two great doors, rose ten men high – and yet it seemed small in comparison with the curvature of stone embracing it. 
The doors lay open, and the convoy of coaches crossed the threshold into the cavernous antechamber beyond. Five levels of balconies, segmented by pillars, walled the chamber on either side. On the solid, far wall a banner was hung – azure blue, lined with silver that depicted a white wolf with golden eyes. The mark of the Knights of the White Wolf Hall, protectors of Ammandorn and Delphanas.
Midway into the depths of the vestibule, the convoy stopped, the guards dismounted, and the Archivists disembarked. Ormus, Rethan and their respective aides remained amidst the soldiers, but Phio accompanied by Faldorn, followed their inclination to leave the foyer and retreat into the city. They moved past the solid eastern wall, through one of the two small doors at either side underneath the first balcony, and proceeded to navigate the winding path of corridors before emerging onto the terrace that overlooked the immense circular cavern that housed the ‘real’ city. 
They had both lived in Delphanas for the majority of their lives, but whenever they returned to the humbling expanse, awe could not help but be engendered.
Encapsulated within the outer ring was a cavernous tunnel – filled with a cityscape of regular buildings, charted by roads, as varied and dense as any open metropolis. But the maze of structures was enclosed by the curvature of the walls and the baffling height of the ceiling, lost in shadow.
A handful of the buildings towered above others – fortresses a dozen floors high; their picturesque façades, lined in pillars, stood watch over quaint stone cottages. The mixture of edifices and domiciles blended together in an uncoordinated harmony, but found unity in their composition of marbling grey-white stone. Towers rose ubiquitously, each topped in immense blazes that lit the cavern; their bright, orange fire burned without smoke, and their flames had not dulled or weakened since the founding of the city, centuries past. 
Beneath the metropolis chamber, a maze of equally large caverns resided, which housed the fields, lakes and parks that supported the populace. And above the chamber’s ceiling rested the highest levels of the ring – whole floors, segregated into rooms and corridors. The highest levels were reserved exclusively for the Archivists, and the Great Library that housed all the records of Ammandorn.

Faldorn remained quiet, at Phio’s behest, as they took in the sight for a moment. The older man breathed a sigh of relief, and directed his aide to follow him to more private confines. They found the spiralling staircase that led to the top floors – and after a time emerged into the lowest level of the Library. 
The floor – stretching into the torch-lit fadedness of its curving expanse to either side – was filled with endless, uniform rows of bookshelves; its outer wall was lined in myriad apertures, countless doors leading to studies and halls and further libraries. The two archivists moved to a specific door, past a dozen identical archways, entered, crossed a corridor and arrived at a garden atrium. 
Phio’s study lay beyond, but the Elder Archivist paused and turned to his friend.
“Before you ask,” he said, “I am far too tired to entertain conversations and matters that I would much rather avoid – and until I have slept I will not.” pausing, he reached into a pocket of his robe; he withdrew a set of keys and handed them to his aide, “I have no doubt you will not be able to wait until the morning, so as you know where the Tome is kept, find it and resolve this issue that concerns you. I will join you in the morning.” Phio met the younger archivist’s eyes, and added, “But honestly, I hope that you are wrong.”
Faldorn nodded his thanks, as the Elder Archivist grimaced in tired apprehension and turned down the western corridor that led from the atrium. The younger archivist waited for a time, tiredness also weighted him; but, he knew like all the nights they had spent in the coaches, sleep would be almost impossible to find – and even more so now that his anticipation was heightened. Admittedly, there were other things he also anticipated, now that he was home – and for a moment he considered leaving the matter and tending to those other wants first.
He sighed. After a moment, he moved across the courtyard, slave to his curiosity. 
Entering the Elder Archivist’s study, he approached a large ornate cupboard and selected a key. Inserting it into the face of the gilded lock, he turned it and opened the doors. He retrieved a chest from the base compartment, and moved over to his mentor’s desk.
He selected another key, and unlocked the lid. The Tome of Acrius lay within, and he lifted the worn, aging cover from its cushioning. He sat, and held the weight of the volume in his hands for a moment before laying it on the table and opening the cover.
The tome was three centuries old, but like all of the Archivist’s records, its pages were preserved through the magus’ deep magics to be impervious to age – although not to the odd fraying, here and there.
He flipped through its contents, the words gliding past him as a blur of black and white; he skimmed some of the passages, but the sections were irrelevant to his search. His hunch had him close the book, and flip it over; the back-cover stared up at him. He opened it, to the last entry.
The pages were each bordered in blankness, the poem – the prophecy, as was custom, written in their centres. A thought flickered to his mind that the library may have been considerably smaller if his order used paper more efficiently – but he dismissed the idle reflection and read.
The first verse passed notice – but the second was all too familiar.
He had been right.

*     *     *

Syla was exhausted. Years of study had ill-equipped her for hours of relentless marching across the unforgiving terrain of mountainsides. Her determination had kept pace with the others, but no amount of stubbornness could ultimately overcome exhaustion. Thankfully, the day’s march had been called to a rest. 
They had evaded the goblins, after doubling back through the cloud of mist her fellow magus had maintained for the better part of the morning. The choice of manoeuvre had been necessitated for several reasons; the most important of which was that an unfortunate breeze had blown across the slopes – against them, and had they continued on their chosen path they would no longer have been shrouded by fog. That factor led inextricably to the second incentive for retreat; in a display of showmanship that Syla realised was an inextricable personality trait of her fellow magus, Dus had tried to maintain the fog despite the wind. His efforts had exhausted him; the magics, coupled with hours of walking, had drained his reserves of energy faster than the others.
Much to the Champion of the Tribunal’s frustration, they had been forced to a halt long before nightfall to accommodate an overtired magus.
Dus was too showy, and far too confident; and had he been a student, Syla would have censured him fully for his, in her view, misuse of magic. Subtlety and precision were the hallmarks of a great magus, and Dus seemed to hold neither in any noticeable abundance.
And he liked to talk. 
Even as they huddled at the base of an overhang along the wall of a narrow ravine, surrounded by a brown entanglement of shrubs – which, much to her discomfort, was intended to shelter them for the night, Dus insisted on holding idle conversation; albeit, no louder than a whisper.
“Fire has always fascinated me more.” he commented.
Syla repressed a sigh, “It has its place, but it is a solely destructive element. No doubt, that is what appeals to most people.”
“No doubt.” he grinned, “At the very least it is more lively than the deep magics.”
Syla raised an eyebrow, half in reproach, half in inquiry, “And should liveliness be more valued than finesse? Or subtlety? Have you forgotten all the teachings of the magus?”
“Teachings are all well and good when your only challenge is a classroom full of rowdy students,” Dus returned, “But when you are facing down a blood-thirsty enemy intent on tearing your gizzard open, subtlety and such seem a little far removed from the situation.”
“Magus have no place on the battle-field.” The barb slipped off her tongue a little easier than she had intended; Syla however did not regret it being said – the magus were entrusted with the security and justice of Ammandorn, not with its militaristic defence. The ideal a magus should aspire to was to become a member of the Tribunal, enforcing the law, and mastering the depth of the magics that were the right of their blood. Battle and warfare were the domains of the sword-born, knights and soldiers, not the magus. The law itself stated such.
Dus did not respond immediately to the remark, instead his grin widened, “I’ll not dispute that the sword-born and undestined are more at home getting chopped up on the battle-field. But someone has to be behind them hurling streams of fire onto our enemies – and who else can do that beside a magus? I think you forget that our blood grants us a power far in excess of a simple piece of sharpened steel – and to deny ourselves such power is just foolish.” Syla levelled a glare at her fellow magus; before she could form a retort, Dus chuckled, “Not that I am saying you are a foolish, perish the thought. What I mean to mean is, most simply, we shape and channel the elements through our very nature – and nature itself has a nature,” he chuckled again, “The elements should not be treated with an unnatural touch. Fire is as fire does – lively, destructive and beautiful. When we use it we should respect its inherent qualities.”
Syla considered his opinion for a moment, but the moment passed quickly, “If we are to respect an element’s nature, then is not subtlety evermore important? Warping an element into shapes it would not otherwise take is defiant of its nature to the utmost, altering it imperceptibly – precisely, seems more in keeping with your position.”
Dus laughed, a little louder than was appropriate, “Well you may have me there. But if we’re to talk of subtlety, might I ask – how subtle is materialising a glowing, floating crystal above your palm? Or invading someone’s dreams? I think your argument might just be as flawed as mine.”
Before Syla could pursue the debate further, their leader barked a hushed order for silence.
Syla shifted and drew the blanket, draped about her shoulders, tighter over her robes – in the gloom of dusk under a grey sky and grey rock, her breath emerged as mist from cold lips. The minutes dragged on in silence, and it occurred to her that despite holding a debate, which frustrated her, to say the least, the action of talking had also kept her mouth warm.
She glanced over to their leader and the two knights, crouched at the line of barren brush that overlooked the depths of the ravine.
“On the ridge.” she heard Hheirdane whisper.
Taedoran shifted his position to peer over the brown entanglement without exposing more than the top of his head.
“Two goblins.” the knight beside him whispered.
Syla moved carefully over to the edge of the outcrop that sheltered her, Dus, their last remaining horse, and their prisoner, chained to its saddle.
She looked through the gloom across the depths of the ravine, to its far side. Along the escarpment that dropped with frightening sheerness to the creek-riven base of the defile, two barely discernible shapes made their way. Disappearing intermittently behind outcrops, she could scarcely make out that they were there at all.
She started as a gust of wind ripped through the rocks above – its cry, shredded to screeching echoes. The gust brought a renewed chill with it, and for a moment she was overcome by shivering. As the warmth of the blanket quietened the abrupt chatter of her teeth, her attention was drawn to the dissonant clinks of chain emanating from the horse.
Rather, from their prisoner.
The incarnate drew its cloak tightly around its strange, unnatural body; the odd ruffles along its back were not a product of the cloth, but of its wings. Syla felt a momentary revulsion as the tip of its obsidian tail slipped out from underneath the hem of black material. The scales shimmered even in the gloom of dusk.
Dus’ last remark resurged in her mind; Syla wondered just how unnatural the deep magics could be – she taught that they were instruments of subtlety and understanding, but quite obviously they could also be warped into weapons of perversion and aberration. Incarnate magic, itself, seemed undeniable proof that the magics should not be used to violate the nature of things – fusing the spirits of animals and men, and corrupting their blood-born destiny could not breach the laws of the Tribunal more so.
The incarnate shivered, its chains jangled discordantly.
Syla wondered what it felt – if it truly felt the cold, or if it’s shivering was just a ruse to inspire pity; to get its keepers to let down their guard. She wondered if any part of it remembered what it had been – it had been a man, at some stage. That fact perturbed her most – that it had once been a man.
Now it was a beast, a weapon of evil; that was what she had been told, and she had observed no qualities to convince her to the contrary. Admittedly, she had also observed no qualities, asides from its appearance, to evince its malign nature.

The three warriors crept back around the edge of the overhang, passing her.
“We can’t continue across the mountains.” Elle’dred remarked.
Taedoran did not answer.
“We’ll freeze to death without a fire.” the Champion of the White Wolf continued.
Taedoran looked up at the knight, “Light one.” he turned to Syla, “Conceal it.”
Syla was momentarily stunned; she recovered with a nod, but ventured, “I can’t hide the light completely, Champion.”
Taedoran gave no response, he instead turned and moved over to his pack; Elle’dred let out an exasperated sigh above her. 
Syla glanced up at the knight; she saw the look of disapproval flare across his features, as Taedoran ordered their prisoner to be silent, invoking its name and binding-spell. Ayadra flinched, but stilled the tremble of its limbs.
It was not a feat of reasoning, to conclude that Elle’dred felt some misguided sympathy for the creature; and, by the glances he threw at their leader, as he retrieved firewood and set alight a blaze, she realised he strongly disagreed with Taedoran’s handling of their prisoner.
The thought flitted that the Champion’s treatment of the incarnate had been…harsh.
The knight was not versed in magic, and while admittedly, Syla herself was not knowledgeable when concerning incarnate magic, she trusted that the Tribunal would not have sanctioned such brutal treatment if it were not a necessary precaution. 
She had to remind herself, that the incarnate was a dangerous enemy, and Taedoran was doing only what was needed to keep it at bay.
Abruptly pulled back to reality by the knight before her; she realised she had been gazing at Elle’dred for too long. His errant glance up had caught her eyes, and she continued to stare – he smirked slightly, before they both looked away.
He was not remarkable in features or appearance, but she noted he had kind eyes.
Syla turned her attention to the fire, and began to chant the phrases of the spell. She was grateful for the warmth, the hours spent in the cold with only a blanket to fight off the mounting chill had been agonisingly slow to pass. 
As she completed the spell, a realisation dawned on her; the fact had slipped her mind for days now, or perhaps she had just been too busy, what with being hunted by goblins and trudging across a mountainside. The realisation however was confrontingly forceful in its impact – she had left her home. She had left the Magus Keep without even a second thought, until now – her home, her classes, her comforts. Like a fire, and a kitchen that served more palatable meals than trail rations.
And she had left a particular dwarven librarian without even a good bye. 
The realisation hit hard, that she had left all that she had known behind – yet the strangest thing was that it had not bothered her. And in truth, it still did not cause her any real measure of consternation.
In fact some part of her, despite the constant discomfort, seemed almost relieved. It was a strange sensation, and it faded the more she mused on her current situation. The fact that her life had been in jeopardy in the past day alone, quashed any idea that she was better here than in her home. And the realisation that she would be spending the next few months of her life with the people around her; namely, a magus in sorry need of re-education, three duty-bound warriors that could offer precious little intellectual discourse, and an abhorrent weapon of the enemy, drove her into a sullen misery.
She decided she would much prefer to be beside a fire in Grgadorn, studying a law-book than here – on an unfamiliar mountainside, surrounded by strangers. The thought lingered though, that at the Magus Keep she would’ve been alone – at least here she was forced to endure company. 
 

Chapter 7

Spray too fell upon the Third Heaven, Elsyr. Though these drops rested for a time, and sunk deep into the ground. And soon they sprouted into trees, and spread across the land. Some trees grew legs and began to walk, until they too danced upon the face of their heaven. Wherever they set a foot, new flowers grew, and soon their land was so beautiful it filled the sky with colour.

The dancers shed their bark and their leaves fell beside their faces. Their branches formed hands, their roots melded into feet, and their silver skin shimmered against the sky. They became a new form. They were alike the trees they cared for, but different. The Andarae named them Elves, and declared them wardens of the forests.

*     *     *

Morning approached upon the ring of stone. Few inside would know it, save for those on the higher levels who could see the lambent rays of the sun reaching between the peaks. The city, although sheltered by the mountains, lay besieged by them also – few of the morning’s graces could reach it.
Faldorn reclined, dozing against a wall, in the garden of the courtyard. 
The steps and pillars, made of opalescent white-grey marble, enclosed beds of green growth resplendent with flowers. A handful of trees watched over the grass, fenced in by the stonework. Each wore foliage of pale red leaves and bore yellow fruit when it flowered – though when each tree flowered was beyond prediction, each did seemingly when it wished to. The seasons had no sway upon the life in Delphanas – the city was a perfect circle, a cycle unto itself, and all who dwelt within its walls could be said to ignore the passing of days the world was bound to, instead accepting the city’s rendition of the year.
The young archivist snored softly as he rested his head against the stone. The Tome of Acrius lay open on his lap, turned to a page other than the one he had read repeatedly during the night. A littering of other texts lay around him, scattered over the bench and floor.
A ray of light glared down from the crystal rafters onto his face. The high-set windows angled the beam perfectly to disturb the restless sleep he had fallen into. He snorted briefly, and squinted an eye – the light forced it closed and he slumped lethargically into a more forward position. He yawned and tried to shake the bleariness of sleep.
A pair of feet, amidst the folds of white robes, arriving in front of him aided his wakefulness. He looked up, anticipating the likely disapproving face of his mentor. The countenance that greeted him, however, was not Phio’s – but a young woman’s, framed in locks of curling red hair.
“Morning.” she said smugly, “Late to wake as always.”
Faldorn sunk back against the wall, “Why have you come to annoy me Althyera?”
“Keron was asking after you, he found out you were back and he was busy this morning – so he sent me to be my irritating self.” She flashed a smiled and laughed. 
Faldorn ran his fingers through untidy locks of black hair and breathed a sigh, “I was a little busy –” 
“Yes, I can see.” she interjected, examining the books; her eyes rested on his lap, “And by the looks of it, delving into some things that I would not recognise,” she slunk next to him, shifting the other volumes, “What are you reading?”
Realising her curiosity had fixated on the forbidden tome, Faldorn snapped awake – and slammed the cover shut before she could study anything in depth.
“It’s nothing – I can’t,” he stuttered, “It is important to the Elder Archivists.”
“Hmm,” she muttered, and frowned. She bent down and picked up one of the books on the floor, “The second Volume of Araskus? Now why would the Elder Archivists be interested it that?”
Althyera giggled, as Faldorn ineffectually attempted to snatch the book from her. She held it out of reach, and as he leant across her for the text his balance faltered and landed him on her lap. 
She laughed, again, cheerfully, and cooed, “Happier there are we?”
Faldorn scowled, but couldn’t stifle a snort of laughter as he recovered himself and pouted, “You damn well know I am not.”
She frowned in mock defeat and handed him the book, “Here. Why are you so grumpy?”
He sighed in exasperation, “Plenty of reasons.”
“Huh. Well I am sure that some of them must involve these books, and just looking at some of these makes me –”
“I can’t.” he said, earnestness filled his eyes. 
She frowned, and retorted, “I already know,” prompting a shocked and confused expression from him; with a sly smirk, she added, “That is I know what supposition and gossip has told me. You didn’t think that whatever’s happening could be hidden for long did you? The Elder Archivists being spirited away to the Magus Keep suddenly…and for that long – alone, that would be enough to start people talking. And, add the rumours and reports that are sweeping through the Assembly,” she paused and again glanced at the tome Faldorn held at his side, “And happening upon you with a very old Tome that I am sure is as restricted as all these others, lying on your lap as you doze from a restless night doesn’t add much to what I had already thought.”
Faldorn surveyed the volumes guiltily, “What have they been saying?”
“The end of the world is coming.” Her blunt response baffled him, especially as she spoke it so lightly, “What is under fiery debate is how and when. The theories are endless, and some are based on ideas even I think to be preposterous –” she chuckled and remarked cheerfully, “When novice Archivists can’t tell prophecy from fairy-tale, I begin to doubt the validity of their opinions.”
As he shuffled the texts into neater piles, he asked in equal amusement and confusion, “And you’re not worried?”
“My uncle had a saying –”
“I think I know this one.”
She laughed, “If the darkness comes for me then I shall meet it laughing,” she paused and helped him arrange the tomes, “Although, I must admit, I never saw what the benefit was – he was drunk a lot of the time, maybe when I’m next inebriated I’ll ponder the subject.” she giggled again, but then added in surprisingly thoughtful reflection, “Though I think maybe denying the darkness and the fear it hungers for dethrones it of its power, and when you can laugh at it, it is only a mere shadow, perhaps unavoidable, but nevertheless weak and insubstantial.”
Faldorn was taken aback, but smiled, “You never fail to surprise me.”
She beamed, “So do I get to find out what it really is that is bothering us, or shall I wait until the Elder Archivists decide it is time we were privy to that knowledge?”
Faldorn sighed, “I can’t tell you. Besides, I think it best not to disrupt this good mood of yours by burdening you with more knowledge than you deserve.”
She made a mocking sound of appreciation and added in unbarbed sarcasm, “You are so sweet.”
He glowered at her comically – as she drew close and stroked his cheek.
In the mock overture of seduction, she asked, “What do I have to do to get you to tell me?”
He was about to respond, when a loud ‘ahem’ caught both of their attention. Phio stood watching them from the centre of the courtyard.
Althyera hurriedly pulled away and stifled a grin, as Faldorn was paralysed in embarrassment.
“Good morning.” the Elder Archivist said. 
Althyera stood, bowed in a small curtsy, and answered, “Good morning, Elder Archivist Phio.”
Faldorn averted his eyes from his mentor as he stuttered wordlessly in an attempt to respond.
“Archivist Althyera,” Phio addressed her, “If you would be so kind, I would like to talk to Faldorn alone.”
“Yes Elder Archivist.” Althyera spoke in obeisance. 
Faldorn bent down to retrieve the last of the books but he glanced up at her as she left the atrium and shot him a last cheeky smile. He repressed a smirk as he stood and turned to Phio.
“Good morning.” The Elder Archivist repeated; his aide remained awkwardly silent. Phio sighed and softened, he let a half smile and gestured for Faldorn to follow.
“I’m sorry.” the younger archivist finally managed as they entered the study.
“Oh,” Phio asked, “What for?”
“Um, for that.”
“Nonsense. That was perfectly acceptable, philandering and all. It would be wrong of me to chide you for exploring a romantic relationship, or for expressing it.”
“What?” Faldorn stuttered again in confusion, “Uh, no. No. Althyera is not my – umm, she is only a friend. And an annoying one at that.”
Phio continued, incredulously, “In any case, what is not acceptable is leaving restricted – and most especially, forbidden texts lying around in open areas, under the inspecting eyes of archivists that are not permitted to read them.”
Faldorn answered, shamefully, “I am sorry. She did not see anything.”
Phio shook his head lightly, and sighed, “Please, if you would be more careful.” he sat at his desk, “I suspect you only managed a short sleep last night, in the atrium.”
The younger archivist set the books down on the table, “I think I dozed off just before morning.” he admitted, before pulling the Tome of Acrius out of the pile, “I found the prophecy. It was – it is the words of Thyesmered.”
Phio sighed – all eagerness hastily departed from his features; a weighted solemnness furrowed his brow, “Which one exactly?”
Faldorn opened the Tome to its last pages. Out of the corner of his eye, he glimpsed the pained grimace his mentor made as he turned the book around and slid it across the desk. 
Phio sighed in confliction and defeat, and perused the pages. They read;

“War does come for Ammandorn,
A war like none have known,
The blood that spills from birth to death,
Does come to claim our home,

The Doom I speak shall come to pass,
Whether word or life is lost,
The darkness falls upon the sky,
The north shall fall to dust,

And from this dust shall come to be,
An Angel, black as night,
His flesh shall know the flames of hell,
And birth the one who died,

And He shall be the vanguard,
The first of many signs,
Of war of men and darkest moon,
Of dooms unrecognised,

The goblin’s maw shall speak this truth,
For there the war is won,
Yet from this maw the traitors cry,
Our people are undone,

The Tribunal are the Traitors,
They are killers, liars all,
And those that walk the path of death,
Shall bring about their fall.”

The final verse of the prophecy finished on the last page of the tome,

“Yet still, there lies one simple truth,
A doom that must be told,
This path of fate is absolute,
For it seals the ending of the old,

Fate is thus, in time of war,
The Archivists shall rule no more.”

The countenance of the Elder Archivist faded to a plain whiteness – a frigid expression of shock. He stared at the pages in violent disbelief. In the corresponding silence an impassable distance stretched between the two men. One was choked by shock, the other, as he waited apprehensively, began also to feel a dredging guilt.
For a moment, Phio’s expression was hurt, but furthermore it was edged in blame. It was not an injury of pain, but one of disgrace – as though Faldorn had done something the Elder Archivist could not forgive.
The expression faded momentarily, but was enough to move the younger archivist to speak.  
“Her power was such, that all she spoke came to pass – every Archivist of her time attested to that.” 
“Thank you.” Phio murmured, cuttingly, “I am quite aware of what was said about her.”
“Phio we must –”
“Go. I must take some time in considering this.”
The urge to defend himself was difficult for Faldorn to quash, but he tempered it with the appropriate respect – as an aide offering unsolicited advice and not a friend speaking to another, he said, “We do not have time.” 
“I am ordering you to leave.” the Elder Archivist snapped.
The younger archivist sighed, disappointment darkening his features – he tried again, “Phio.”
“Leave. I will summon you when I have more to say.”

*     *     *

Elle’dred nocked the arrow. Slowly, carefully, he drew back the bowstring – the soft creak of tension was dangerously loud. Cold air, and sharp ears might give away his position far sooner than he’d like – and if it did he could find himself on the sharper end of an arrow.
These goblins had bows. 
Elle’dred knew well that they were also devastatingly adept in their use, he had seen more than one soldier slain by a broadhead in the gut, chest or through the neck. And Goblins rarely missed. Worse yet, the skull-faced foes poisoned their arrows; even if the wound weren’t lethal, often a soldier had only hours of wracking pain, feverish chills and a froth-mouthed spasm into death to look forward to.
Elle’dred had never been struck by a goblin arrow, but the fear of being struck knotted his gut whenever he saw a bow in the hands of a goblin. The fear was, however, no more than the normal, healthy fear of death.
That fear had kept him alive as much as any courage or resolve he could muster. The latter braced his arms steady, holding the drawn bow until he had lined up his shot to his satisfaction.
The goblins had not heard him draw.
They would hear the twang of release, however. But by then it would be too late.
He let the shaft loose. The arrow whistled with its characteristic pitch, but was cut short by the dull thud into flesh. The goblin managed a gurgle before it toppled into a limp corpse rolling down the battering roots of the mountainside.
Its four kinsmen unleashed shrieks of alarm – two were silenced by Taedoran’s and Hheirdane’s arrows. The third foe fell to Elle’dred’s second shot, but by that time the fourth had nocked and drawn an arrow – aimed at Hheirdane’s position.
The arrow flew, and thankfully, found only the resounding thud of rent wood.
The Champion of the Tribunal’s second shot hurled the goblin to the ground, in a tumble of leathers, bow and snow. It moaned – the snapped shaft protruding from its gut.
Closest to the foe, Elle’dred left his position, half-skidded down the steep incline of the mountainside, and drew his sword. A quick downward stab ended the goblin’s misery.
Elle’dred moved to the next body, regardless of whether the arrow had been deadly or not, he bared open the goblin’s throat. No opportunity for error could be allowed.
Hheirdane and Taedoran both followed him down, and dealt with the other goblins; silently, they began to drag the corpses into a small ditch at the base of two trees. Elle’dred lugged the last body to the shallow, snow-filled hole.
The goblins had harried them for two days. After they had left the valley and moved higher across the mountain, they had caught sight of a scout-party numbering nine. Unfortunately, the goblins had not been blind. For two days they had darted in and out of valleys, through narrow gorges and as deeply into the forest as they could manage – the goblins had pursued them relentlessly.
The scout-party had split into two groups, one of which they had evaded, and when Taedoran had ordered they set up an ambush for the smaller group that still shadowed them, Elle’dred had not objected.
With the bodies disposed of as effectively as time permitted, Taedoran wordlessly turned to the steep climb that led to the hollow where the other members of their party sheltered.
Elle’dred and Hheirdane kept a close watch on the slope behind them as they mounted the rise; there was no telling where the other four goblins were, and the Champion of the White Wolf did not like the notion of being on the receiving end of an ambush further up the mountainside.
They rejoined the others the better part of an hour later. 
Elle’dred’s first concern was his horse – and their charge. Neither Garde nor Ayadra had moved since he had left. The horse gave a silent flick of its mane as he approached.
He smirked.
“How did it go?” Dus asked, almost blithely.
“The goblins are dead. We move on.” Taedoran answered, shortly; he paused and eyed Elle’dred and the mount, “We’ll dispatch the horse when we reach the crags to the north.”
The order did not come as a surprise; Elle’dred, himself, had realised that Garde slowed their progress, and had hindered the dash up the slopes to avoid the goblins. And the horse was far more difficult to conceal than any of the party members, loose billowing cloaks notwithstanding.  
But Garde was a friend.
Elle’dred knew the horse would not survive the trek down the mountain; if Garde didn’t perish from the cold, the steadily, warming weather would coat the already dangerous valleys in streamlets and imperceptible sleet, making for impossible climbing. The first thaws of spring might even strand the horse to a slow death by starvation.
The thought passed that mercy lay in a quick sword-blow. 
But that would stop Garde from wandering aimlessly through the defiles for days, creating another trail that could potentially mislead their goblin pursuers.
Elle’dred sighed. What had to be done, he told himself.
They left the hollow, a half-day’s climb still awaited before they reached the crags.

*     *     *

The light was cold. A grey light reminiscent of dusk bled through the clouds above the mountains that besieged Delphanas. It brought no warmth, and seemed to ice the rocks in gloom as its pallid reflection glanced off their surfaces. 
It might have been dusk, he couldn’t tell. Phio had spent the day – and possibly the night, drowning in his thoughts. The bleakness of the clouds seemed utterly cheery to the oppressive hopelessness and weight of responsibility that had afflicted him for too many hours. 
He was drained of strength. And yet he could not fathom sleep.
The knock at the door had him sigh, and turn languidly from the window to face whatever subsequent burden would be heaped upon him.
The countenance that greeted him, however, was not a burden – and for one illuminating second it occurred to him that no other person could have appeared as a pleasant reminder that there was hope in life.
Her stern visage watched him, from the archway, flanked by her long brown hair. She was elderly, but no wrinkle or line could mar her appearance. Her soft cheeks were supported by faint lines of the smile she was so indisposed to display; and, her pale lips, more often pursed in admonishment, held in their fullness a sensual capacity for tenderness. The dignified arcs of her eyebrows met upon her small nose that centred her face, and dressed her green eyes in a simple elegance.
Lyrien watched him in silence for a few moments, before she spoke.
“Well?” 
The cryptic question had Phio stunned, “I…don’t…ah,” he stuttered wearily.
As the Elder Archivist was bound by a sudden stupor, Lyrien sighed and made her way into the study. Her rich complexion complimented the delicate azure robe that flowed around her feet. Her leisurely stride brought her to the Elder Archivist’s side as he continued to stand dumbfounded. She looked closely at him, and sighed again.
Planting the lightest of kisses on his confused lips, she withdrew and repeated the question, “Well?”
“I am afraid I do not know the context of your question.” he managed.
“Well, why is it that you have spent the better part of two days in such obvious misery?”
It was his turn to sigh. He looked down, defeated, his eyes resting on her bust that she cradled in folded arms. 
Phio returned to her questioning eyes, “I was hoping not to bother you.”
“My sight is not something I can idly abandon and resume,” she chided, “You should be well aware of that.”
“I am,” he said, and gingerly reached out to hold her arms, “But I thought if I avoided you it would be best for the both of us.”
“You were wrong.” came the blunt response, and a souring glare of disapproval. 
Again, Phio was shocked for a moment, but he smiled, “It would appear so.”
“Then you had best amend your decision and tell me what is bothering you.”
The Elder Archivist met the flat iciness of the response with a warming grin, and reached out tenderly to lift the oracle’s chin. Tipping her face, which was nearly level with his, he kissed her. As he moved back, the enquiry and reprimand of her eyes had only dimmed slightly. He chuckled and moved over to the seat.
The full force of his exhaustion beset him as he sat down in the chair. She stood by the window, framed by the bleak sky, as she waited. 
He sighed again.
“Very well, as I cannot dissuade you – I shall do my best to alleviate your concern.” Phio managed the joke in light humour, but as his gaze drew to the tomes that besieged his desk he could not maintain the smile, “Lyrien, I do not want to have an argument.”
“Nor do I.”
After a pause, Phio said, weakly, “I am sorry.” 
“Is it your turn to be cryptic?” she responded acerbically.
Phio looked up at her with an inexplicable desperation, an alarming remorsefulness that moved her to approach and perch on the edge of the desk beside him. She reached out and stroked his arm.
“There is something I have not told you. But I cannot think of any way this problem can be resolved if I do not counsel in someone, and you are the only person I trust to speak of this – but I know you will be angry with me.”
Lyrien kept her silence and let him continue.
“It has to do with the laws of necromancy.” he paused and met her eyes. Despite the unshifting expression on her face, he could see the emotions that he had feared rise inside her.
“I do not appreciate where this is heading.” she said, tonelessly; removing her arm from his.
Phio cringed inwardly.
“Three hundred years ago there was an oracle, one of incredible power. Her name was Thyesmered.” he paused, “She was executed by the Tribunal, convicted of the crime of Necromancy. Whether she was guilty or not – is a matter of opinion. However, the point of contention that motivated the Tribunal’s conviction of her, and what cannot be disputed, was the last prophecy she spoke. She prophesied the death of the Tribunal, and, most emphatically, that they would die at the hands of necromancers.”
Lyrien breathed out an angry sigh, “I have already heard enough.”
“Lyrien, please, this is not the time for our disagreements.”
“You know what my opinion on this would be,” she retorted, “And you do not want to hear it. It is the law after all.”
“Necromancy is illegal. It is evil.” Phio stated, weakly; he paused, “That is not what is at issue. I need advice – please.”
“If you had wanted my advice you would not have kept this from me.”
“It was you who wished to know,” he snapped, standing to face her, but his sudden ire weakened and dissolved, “I am sorry – this slipped my mind, I would have told you, but I had forgotten about this – I wanted to forget about this. However, now I find myself in a position where I cannot avoid it.”
He slumped back into the seat and stared dejectedly at the tome.
“Continue.” she ordered, from above him.
“Her prophecy could be in no way interpreted as a warning about the Tribunal’s death – rather it was an unequivocal pronouncement of judgement. Thyesmered stated the Tribunal were traitors and the necromancers would bring justice to their crimes.” he paused, “At first, the archivists of the time tried to hide this prophecy, it made reference to several things that they did not understand, and they were convinced it would prove useful. Thyesmered prophesied the raising of the Dark Moon, as she did also the fall of the Tribunal. A hundred years before the Darkness of Eryndor appeared, she spoke its name. Yet despite their best efforts the Tribunal discovered the prophecy – and demanded that the oracle be held accountable for it. The archivists tried to appease them – but the Magus were adamant, and when she would not recant the prophecy they charged Thyesmered with necromancy.” Phio met her eyes, “She was not guilty. However, it was not a crime the Archivists could ignore – and they feared – the last verse of the prophecy stated that the archivists would fall. It did not say how, but they were afraid it would be the prophecy itself that caused the war.”
“What war?”
Phio swallowed hard, “A war of men, also something Thyesmered prophesied. The Magus were on the verge of an uprising, at the time, the matter had offended them considerably. So in the hopes that the war would be avoided, the archivists handed the oracle over to the judgement of the Tribunal. And she was executed for Necromancy.”
Lyrien remained quiet, the disapproval in her gaze cut through the weakened Elder Archivist without resistance. He waited.
“I want to see this prophecy.” she said, coldly. 
Phio had expected as much; he glanced up to her for a brief instant, faltered under her gaze, and nodded in acquiescence. Opening the Tome of Acrius to its last pages, he unveiled the prophecy.
He continued his elucidation, “This prophecy – this tome, was outlawed, by writ of the Tribunal. But one of the Elder Archivists of her time, was convinced Thyesmered’s words must be kept – that they might yet someday be of worth. So they hid this tome, and since it has been passed down to a rare few of us who can be trusted with the knowledge. It has not proved of worth since the Dark Moon was raised…until now.”
She finished reading the pages, “Why?”
Phio sighed, “It has not been announced to the Assembly, yet. Why the Magus called us to their keep. The war that has been foreseen – is the War of the Immortal.” he paused; he could tell she was daunted by the information – but the hardness of her gaze did not weaken, “Before you ask – we are certain of this. The Magus brought indisputable proof that the Darkness of Eryndor rallies behind the goblins, and that it means to bring war to both Eryndor and Ammandorn.” he gave her a moment, the only consolation he felt he had the right to give, “The Magus showed us their most damning piece of evidence: an abhorrent demon thing. They called it an Incarnate – it was created by the Immortal,” he cringed involuntarily as he spoke the name and recalled the creature, “In any case, the Magus had to identify it – and in so doing they uncovered a prophecy about the Incarnate. The prophecy had been recorded when the Northern Sun fell, it was said to be prophesied by an unnamed oracle – but what they did not know is that it is the third and fourth verses of Thyesmered’s last prophecy.” Phio paused, and sighed, “I am assuming that some Archivist, entrusted with the Tome, realised her words were important to the Dark Moon, and concocted this plan of bringing it before the Tribunal. But now it has been – now it is important again.”
Her cold, cuttingly direct reply shocked him, “What advice do you need? It seems rather obvious what you must do.”
“It is not that simple.” he tried to object.
“That is because you do not want it to be. This prophecy addresses the war – that is obvious even to me. It instructs us in what we must do – you have realised this.”
“Lyrien,” he pleaded, “I cannot bring this before the Tribunal.”
“You must.” she stated, “This prophecy is about these very days, it was about that creature, and it is about the war with the Darkness of Eryndor. It tells us how we might win – and it has already proven its worth.”
“It cannot be disguised again. Such a clear prophecy recited by an oracle now would arouse suspicion – and the Assembly would never believe it.”
Lyrien sighed, disappointedly – they both knew his excuses were feeble. 
He pleaded silently with her, but her unwavering gaze only transmuted his desperation to guilt.
“Very well,” he said in defeat, “I will bring this before the Assembly. I will let them vote on it – if they decide to use these words, then I will bring it before the Tribunal.”
She nodded. After a few seconds, she stood. 
Phio reactively mirrored the movement; she could tell another apology rose to his lips. But she silenced it with a shake of her head. She moved closer and kissed him – briefly.
Lyrien pulled back; her bearing assumed an iciness that precluded any objection, “You have work to do, I will come back later. Good day, Phio.”
She turned and departed the room. 
The Elder Archivist sat back at his desk, and stared at the veneer of wood, the desk was as old as he – but it had fared much better over the years.

*     *     *

Ayadra forced his legs into motion. The sharp ache of his bruises flared with every stride – but it was less painful than slowing down for rest. It had taken a day to learn that if he didn’t march at the pace his guard set, he would be subjected to his name repeatedly – and if he could not overcome exhaustion, he would be dragged, stumbling, behind his captor.
The thought had become irrepressible; that his foetid cell was now preferable to the relentless, climbing and marching.
His legs burned from exhaustion and bruises, he was still starving, and he was always cold. The air bit at the chafed flesh around his ankles, and he had not fully registered the bruising they had suffered due to his restraints. Every step was accompanied by a stab, a throb, and a grimace. He legs often quaked, and it took all his will to brace them from buckling.
Fear – dread, bolstered every exhausted grimace; he knew if he were to survive he could not offend his guard. Anymore than he seemed to, just by walking. If his guard found grievance against him the food might be withheld – and the one meal a day was something he could not bear to lose. 
It was all he had; all his hope. One hand-sized morsel, each day. 
At least his feet weren’t being worn to the bone by the edge of manacles, and a horse’s random jerking movement as it ascends rises. He garnered what comfort he could from the thought.
Gratitude swelled for every rest break, as few as they were. And he was thankful whenever the ground beneath him dipped downwards. Those steps were easiest.
In his darker moments, when his guard was particularly abusive, he thought it might be less painful to slip over an outcropping – to fall onto hard rocks below. But some compulsive urge always fought off such thoughts – he did not want to die, however miserable he might be. The bare need for survival drove his endurance; or the more depressing thought that he had no other choice.
An inadvertent fall onto death, however, seemed evermore likely as they crossed down into a valley between the two surrounding peaks. Though a warmer sun glowed over the south, the altitude negated its benefit.
Ayadra shivered; in a rare act of mercy – or rather necessity, his guard had allowed him to walk without using his chain as a leash. Taedoran and the two people in black moved down the slope ahead of him, and Elle’dred and the other man cleared a ledge behind.
The idea of escape had passed loosely through the incarnate’s mind – but it was countered by the knowledge that if he tried to run, he’d likely run off the edge of a cliff. And he had no concept of how to use his wings. More forcefully, however, he knew his guard would shout his name – he would be paralysed by its pain, and the abuse that would follow such an offence unsettled his gut with fear.
He moved to the next step in the descent. As he tried to crawl over the ledge and lower himself down onto the ground below, his grip was strained by exhaustion and abruptly, unexpectedly, his reach became too short – due to the linkage of his manacles. 
Fear. Alarm. Exhaustion dulled the surge of adrenalin. As he scrambled with tired legs to find a foothold, his grip slipped.
He managed a gasp as he tumbled down across the stone – and over the lip of the ledge below. A protrusion bruised his side, and he gave a yelp amidst the encompassing folds of his cowl. His movement was arrested as abruptly as it had begun, face-first into the rough – fortunately, level stone of a ledge some distance down the slope.
Ayadra gasped – 
He had tried to brace his headlong fall, and had scored a gash down his left forearm as reward.
Through the daze of exhaustion and pain, he heard things being shouted – in Taedoran’s voice. Dread. His guard would take offence at his clumsiness, as he had too many times the previous day.
He had not meant to fall –
Ayadra tried to lift himself up with his uninjured arm – but the movement seemed to aggravate every bruise in his body. He bit back a cry, grimaced, and dropped back onto his side.
“The thing is injured.” Hheirdane shouted from somewhere above him.
A few breaths passed to steady him, but filled his eardrums with crashing resonance; the next thing he heard was angry, “Get it on its feet.”
Taedoran was angry. 
He tried again to lever himself into standing – another flare of aggravated bruises. He could not rise under his own power.
The soft grind of gravel beside him, as one of his captors landed on the ledge, elicited a start. Madly, Ayadra hoped it was not Taedoran.
It was not. It was Elle’dred.
His captor bent down, and for some inexplicable reason did not treat him harshly for his failure. Instead, the knight asked, “Are you hurt?”
Ayadra was stunned – for a moment he did not know how to respond. He managed a nod.
Elle’dred hesitated, but firmly lifted him to his feet; the movement possessed none of the brutality he expected. His captor grasped his chains, and slowly assisted him down the remainder of the climb.
Ayadra did his best not be clumsy again – the knight went slowly. He was grateful for that. Blood seeped from the sting of his new wound.
When they reached the valley floor, he heard the march of boots approach – even Taedoran’s footsteps brought anger. Dread burst in trembles across his body.
Elle’dred pulled his arm out from the folds of the cloak; the man inspected his wound.
“It is injured.” he said to Taedoran.
Ayadra braced for the inevitable abuse.
“Dress the wound.” Taedoran ordered. He did not leave, just stood and waited.
Elle’dred unshouldered his pack, and retrieved the bandages therein. Quickly and methodically, he tended the incarnate’s wound. Ayadra was grateful the knight showed him no brutality throughout the task.
When it was finished, Elle’dred strangely asked, “Can you walk?”
Ayadra was stunned by the question – again.
He had no answer other than a nod to give, but before he managed that, the guard he dreaded moved over and snatched the leash that was his chains from the knight’s grasp.
“It will walk.” Taedoran snapped into Elle’dred’s face.
With a yank on his wrists, Ayadra was forced back into motion.
He laboured several steps before he stumbled; this time, his guard took offence at even that.
“You will not fall again,” Taedoran grated through clenched teeth, “Ayadra.”
Pain. A flinch. Ayadra nodded; the movement served to prompt another savage yank and a return to a severe, nigh unmanageable pace.
Ayadra forced what last reserves of energy he possessed into his legs; instinct for survival and fear would have to bolster him through the rest of the day.
And the wavering, half-doubted hope of a meal.

 

Chapter 8

The River was the keeper of all. It held everything in motion. No longer did the sea remain still nor did the mountain forever watch the unmoving sky. Things now became more, they changed and grew. The three heavens were vibrant, filled with life different and beautiful.

*     *     *

Faldorn moaned. In pleasure. 
Shudders of release lapped across him and rippled against the sandy brown shore of his skin. The ebbing waves bathed him in the culminating scent of sweat, breath and climax. 
He gasped for air as his arms quaked, and he slid against the, now, semen sticky skin of the other man.
The sheets acquiesced, as he rolled off the body beneath, which quaked equally in pleasure. 
He still gripped his lover’s soft hands, and pressed himself against him in reluctance to end the moment. But as the elation of sex relaxed every tension it had instilled in his muscles only seconds before, he found himself retreating into utter contentment.
He moaned quietly again as Keron pulled out of him, and then smiled into the face of the man he loved. Keron smiled back, euphoria having them both giggle stupidly and kiss.
“I was wondering when you’d get off of me.” Keron joked, as he tenderly stroked Faldorn’s side.
“Weren’t you enjoying it?” 
“I didn’t say that,” the other man replied slyly, and flashed a grin that lit the sweet playfulness of his eyes, “But I thought it was my turn to bottom.”
Faldorn laughed and kissed him again. As he pulled away, he sighed, and rested his head on the pillow beside Keron. His lover’s absurd smile – a feature that displayed itself incessantly across his exuberant visage – was a welcome change to the frustration and apprehension.
In the private bliss of their bedroom, Faldorn was free; the matters of the world, his responsibilities, for a time could be forgotten, and the more vivacious and unbridled version of himself could wear his skin. 
Keron, by nature, was the quintessence of all such qualities – and sexually voracious atop that. But the other man’s liveliness and capacity for joy were qualities Faldorn found himself admiring at a distance; outwardly, he had so much as asked Keron to keep their relationship a secret, as was possible.
They contrasted in everything; from the tan darkness of his skin, alongside the paleness of Keron’s, coated in its multitudinous flecks of ginger freckles, to his lover’s tuft of thick auburn curls – alike his sister’s, Althyera – against the cropped, flat blackness of his own. And the brightness of Keron’s azure eyes, against the often-sullen darkness of his.
Keron caught him musing, “Why are you always thinking? Can’t you just be happy?”
“I am.” Faldorn retorted, “I just like thinking, it keeps my mind busy.”
“Huh. I thought that was my job.”
After another long kiss, which Keron extended by teasingly biting onto Faldorn’s lip, they nestled into a warm entwinement of limbs.
With Keron’s head comfortably cradled against his shoulder, his lover probed his preoccupation, “So what has you so bothered? At least, so much that you would rather lock yourself away in an old man’s study with musty books than come and see me?”
“I can’t tell you –” Faldorn muttered, reluctantly, “I want to, but Phio wouldn’t want me to discuss it with anyone else, even the other Elder Archivists.”
“So you just want to rub my nose in your position then?”
Faldorn chuckled lightly, and kissed the top of Keron’s head, “I’m sorry.”
“Hmm,” Keron sighed, disarmingly, “Well then I guess I’ll just have to guess what terrible doom the world is in, and there’s been a lot of supposition –”
“Althyera already informed me.”
“Damn.” Keron expostulated in mock frustration, “Well that’s my sister for you, always stealing my thunder – although I suppose it is warranted, I stole hers first, with you anyway.”
“You stole her thunder by letting her introduce you to me?”
Keron chuckled, and turned to look up at him; pouting comically, his lover replied, “So you want to hold your position over me and ruin my fun?”
Faldorn smiled, and almost laughed, but a sigh of aggravated disappointment overcame him, “Speaking of spoilt fun –,” he remarked, “My mother sent word they want to see me. They want to celebrate the Spring Festival as a family.”
Keron did not reply. 
Faldorn sneered at the ceiling, “I haven’t responded yet, and it’s been a few weeks. I wonder how long I can go before she’ll track me down and ask face to face. The excuse of ‘I was busy’ is wearing a bit thin –”
“You should tell her you’ll be there.” Keron whispered up to him, “Family is not something you should shun – however much you might dislike them.” 
Faldorn grimaced, and after a pause, remarked, “What if you hate them?”
Keron flashed a weak smile, “Well I won’t tell you what you feel – but I’ll repeat that family is important.”
Silent for a moment, Faldorn stroked Keron’s arm, before frowning acquiescently, “Fine. But you are damn well going to be there. If I have to suffer so do you.”
The other man’s smile broadened into absurdity once more, “Of course.”
As Keron lay back down on his chest, Faldorn scowled and whined, “Because we both so enjoyed last year’s festival. Explaining that I don’t have any prospects, and brought you as a how did we phrase it? ‘Acquaintance from the Assembly’.”
Keron’s laughter reverberated soothingly against his abdomen. 
“It was still fun.” his lover countered.
Faldorn scoffed, “I prefer your mother’s parties. I am assuming she will be holding a celebration?”
“Undoubtedly.”
“She loves to celebrate, to be happy –”
“A family trait.” Keron interjected. 
Faldorn chuckled, “Even with me, she was just happy you were happy. If my parents ever discovered this they would disown me. I’d love to have a mother like yours.”
“Don’t tempt her,” Keron joked, “She probably would adopt you if you gave her the chance.” with a sly smile, he added, “And then how would we see each other, being brothers and all?”
Faldorn laughed openly, “She does love her children.”
“Children in general,” Keron added, and after a pause, giggled, “The only disappointment she felt about me preferring men was that I would never bring home any grandchildren.”

*     *     *

Elle’dred gazed across the mountainside, as he ground the last of the dry wafer in his mouth. They had stopped in a small clearing amidst a copse of trees sometime after leaving the pass between the two peaks. He was glad to be surrounded by trees, if many were still bare from winter.
Some cover was better than none.
They had encountered several groups of goblin scouts throughout the pass, amid the narrow ravines and the tortuous mazes of furrowed rock; thankfully, they had not been spotted by their enemies. But they had been forced, on more than one occasion, to find shelter and wait for the goblins to pass.
It had dragged their march out, and more time upon the mountainside made it ever more likely they would run into a force that saw them.
Pangs of regret had become as ubiquitous as the barren trees that covered the mountainside – for Garde. He had lost a friend at the crags two days march behind them – he had betrayed that friendship. Elle’dred wondered how many more friends he would lose in the days to come, and how many of them he would betray.
He quashed the thought; this was war, and in war soldiers die.
Loss was not a new experience to the young Champion, but Garde had not been some unnamed chestnut requisitioned from a keep for his use during a campaign. Garde had been a friend, longstanding and trustworthy.
Elle’dred sighed; what had to be done, he told himself. He didn’t believe the words.
He glanced across the camp; the soft jingling of chains emanated from the huddled cloak near the Champion of the Tribunal.
It seemed to the knight that Ayadra was always shivering.
He could not help a surge of pity for the creature; by outward appearance he was certain it was cold and hungry. He had changed the bandage on its arm when they had stopped, and removed the last of the other wrappings necessitated by its captivity at the Magus Keep. 
He had seen the scars that coated its body. Its wounds had been severe; Elle’dred himself might have died from the injuries required to cause such scarring. But while that knowledge engendered pity, there was also a measure of suspicion – the creature might have seemed fragile at first glance, weak and vulnerable, but there was proof enough that it was more resilient and more capable than a man. The cautionary thought lingered that its apparent weakness was merely a deception.
Elle’dred doubted everything he had been told about the creature, as much as every quality he had witnessed of it. He didn’t know what to think.
Beside him, Hheirdane unstoppered a waterskin with the characteristic squeak of cork. After draining a mouthful, he handed it to Elle’dred.
He took a gulp of water, returned the leather-coated bladder and muttered, “I’ll be grateful when we reach the foothills…and the plains. It feels better when I think I can see our death coming.”
Hheirdane chuckled, “I don’t like being ambushed either.” 
Elle’dred’s grin faded as his gaze fell on the incarnate once more, “Hheirdane, what do you think of the creature?”
“It is an evil weapon. And it must be destroyed.”
“I don’t think it is all we’ve been told.”
The remark piqued a glance of concern from his friend, “You think it could harm us?”
Elle’dred shook his head, “I think it is…” he paused, “I don’t think it is evil. At least, not as evil as the magus would have us believe.”
Hheirdane glanced over his shoulder, “Don’t let it fool you. It’d tear our throats out if it got the chance.”
The Champion of the White Wolf smirked, “Maybe, maybe not. Though if Taedoran keeps treating it the way he does it’ll die of exhaustion before we make the foothills.” he freed a grim laugh, “Then the world will end, and we won’t have much else to worry about.”
Hheirdane managed a smirk.

*      *     *

Phio sat in the Assembly Chamber; the room that weathered and watched the varied political proceedings of the duly elected government of Ammandorn. The cavernous auditorium was where the Archivist Order gathered to hold its sessions. It was a semi-circular room that dipped, from the farthest lip of the rounded edge, down into the smaller basin of the lowest level. Dozens of descending steps rimmed the curving side; each large tier serving as seating for the lower Archivists. The echeloned half-circles of stone were further partitioned by stairways of finer steps that allowed access to the larger.
The sweeping curve of the chamber beyond him, however, was confronted by the imperial flatness of the high, towering wall behind. Upon the undeviating, flat façade, an enormous, azure banner, bordered by gold lace and framed by hundreds of dangling tassels, displayed the standard of a white eye – the white eye of Delphanas, of the oracles and the Archivists. Beneath the mammoth cloth, a suitably large, level desk seated the three Elder Archivists. 
Amidst the overshadowing embrace of his throne-like chair, and behind the high lip of the desk, Phio sat, waited and watched the full Assembly of the Archivists gather.
He held the central position, while Ormus and Rethan sat on either side of him. As the Elder Archivists, they were the symbols of their order, the leaders of the Assembly – and, unfortunately for Phio’s aging body, the weight of their position was as much reflected metaphorically as literally in the trappings of their office. 
Each wore three, heavy layers of robes, white on beige on white – Phio often wondered why there need be a distinction of colour, other than in volume, the under robes were barely apparent. Each had its own sets of sleeves; the outer set beginning at seams of ruffled gathering, which then billowed into floor-length drapes that terminated at white, embroidered hems just short of the elbow; the second set were voluminous columns that encumbered to the wrists – double-lined and covered in lush, white needlework as to make their weight triple what was expected; and finally, underneath and unseen, the last simple set of thin white, which Phio believed a man of sense would consider alone, adequate enough to clothe oneself. 
Atop the weight of robes, then rested the burden of their crest-seals – wooden chest-plates and pauldrons ostentatiously adorned with the devices of the three domains of men: the old-lands of Eryndor, the low-lands of Thgad, and the high lands of Ygoth. 
Polished to a veneered sheen, each of the white pieces were chased in illustrious gold; myriad embossments, curled, crested and fanned to form and surround the three devices of the people and their Assembly. The Great Lion of Eryndor reared upon Phio’s chest, half-faded – while two smaller, golden statuettes of the self-same lion rested upon his shoulders, three paws each affixed to the pauldrons beneath. Rethan bore the Silver Tiger of Thgad, rearing upon his chest, and seated upon his shoulders. Ormus’ implacable visage was flanked by two statuettes of the Black Leopard of Ygoth, and that stalked across his chest.
Myth still existed that the seals had once represented the three virtues the elves gifted to men – though what had been gifted had long ago fallen into ambiguity; and, were likely confused with the three virtues that formed the precepts of their order: wisdom, temperance and impartiality. 
The seals, at some point in history, came to represent the three states of Eryndor, and in more recent years their symbols had been appropriated by the three domains of men across the inland sea.
Regardless of myth, each of the seals had been passed down from the first Elder Archivists to rule Eryndor – since before the time of the Six-Cities – to the current members of the Triumvirate; and each was carved from a white wood no longer seen – from a tree that was now extinct, lost alongside the Elvish people when their lands had fallen under the darkness of the moon.
The elves now only existed as legend in the least touched areas of their great library; it seemed an equally great shame, Phio reflected to himself. 
The last mark of office they each bore, were the simple sashes, Rethan’s red, Ormus’ green and Phio’s purple that designated the duration of time each had spent in their post – Phio’s term being the longest.
For over a decade he had endured the weight of the accoutrements, of the procedures, and of the decorum expected of his post; before he had assumed his position they had not looked so taxing – or so needless.
Phio had never wished the spectacle, of the convening of the government, to be done with more so than now. He did not like what he would next have to do – he did not appreciate the position into which he was forced; and, as he gazed up at the slowly filling auditorium, he found himself searching for any diversion that might avert his attention from the forbidden tome in front of him.
If he could find just cause to postpone the announcement – postpone his untimely revelation of information he still thought a damned inconvenience, as much as his dress uniform, he might find a way to relinquish the burden of responsibility onto another. He chastised himself for the thought. This was his responsibility – by all rights. 
Some part of him still held onto the hope that he might find some flaw in the prophecy, that he might find some reason to doubt it – despite the fact he knew there was none. It was all too clear, and damning; and the thought held true, that if he buckled in the face of his duty on a mere technicality, he might never be able to salvage the affections of the woman he loved. Lyrien was right; this prophecy could not be ignored – despite the treason it represented, past and present.
He glanced at Rethan, past the gleaming silver tigers upon his shoulders; his friend, amongst the Triumvirate, could not have appeared more bored – or irritated, as was his nature. The weight of his officious white robes, and the elaborate crest-seal that restricted his posture, undoubtedly irked him such that his already irascible temperament was decidedly shortened.
He had told Phio such himself on more than one occasion. And yet in bewildering contrast, Phio also knew Rethan would never – and indeed had never allowed his temper to get the better of him – not when the lawful convening of the Archivists Assembly was involved. The law, to its utmost, mattered to Rethan – sometimes provokingly so, but it was a quality Phio respected and trusted about his friend. 
Phio feared he would be mocking that very dedication in his next moments. But in this case he had no other choice.
Rethan glanced at him, and nodded. Decorum held that they, as the Elder Archivists and leaders of the assembly, should not speak until the lower archivists were gathered and seated, and the session had been officially called to order. Phio felt a sudden pang of yearning, to tell Rethan that he meant no insult of his choice of venue and method of delivery – but he knew an apology now would only serve as an avenue of retreat, from there he would have to explain, and from there the proper council would be called, and he would be free of his burden without having fulfilled his promise to Lyrien.
Without doing what was right.
He could not allow that, if only for his own piece of mind – and hopefully, further non-solitary existence.
The full Assembly had gathered, hundreds of white-clad men and women stood across the descending curvature of the room. Officially, the doors at the highest level were closed and locked; the soft sound of the bars being laid was followed by the mass ruffling of hundreds of white-robes assuming their seats.
Once silence had settled, Phio stood and spoke, his voice echoing – as was in the design of the room – up across the steps, “The Assembly will come to order.” he began, “The Assembly has been called to carry on the discussions of the threat that is the coming war. However, before this can proceed, the Elder Archivists have decided that you must be informed of the full gravity of the ensuing conflict.” he paused, all eyes rested attentively on him, “The Goblins are only the first wave of foes that encroach upon our lands, they are the vanguard of a larger and far more powerful enemy. The Darkness of Erynd –” he bit his lip in apprehension, already hushed mutterings moved through the Assembly, “– the Immortal has declared war upon Eryndor and Ammandorn. The Dark Moon of Perrefiere is marshalling its forces.”
The muttering grew louder – but etiquette soon restrained it.
“The Elder Archivists were summoned to the Magus Keep to witness evidence that attests to the validity of this matter – and amongst that there presented the Tribunal brought before us a creature, like no enemy we have, as yet, seen. The Immortal is moving and we must combat him.” Phio paused; despite the absence of resolve, he forced himself to continue, “Which is why I must digress from my prepared remarks, and bring a matter before the Assembly that I have not discussed with my fellow Elder Archivists.”
Rethan shifted uncomfortably in his chair, and whispered as he leaned over the arm, “Phio, what are you talking about?”
The standing Elder Archivist once again suppressed the inclination to turn to his friend and reply with an apology or an assuaging remark of regret – he continued, “There have come many prophecies about this war – and none of them are of any assistance to us. It is a fact some do not wish to admit, but the Oracles of Delphanas are and have been blind to both the threat of the Immortal’s war and the outcome. But there is one who was not.”
Again the undulations of muttering washed over the seated Archivists; but, once more, decorum restrained the noise quickly, and the crushing silence of attention returned to Phio. Alone, save for the gold lions upon his shoulders, he continued, “However, the words that will aid us are not from any tome that those here would be familiar with.” he paused, “They are the words of the Tome of Acrius – a volume that has been deemed forbidden by the Magus Tribunal.” 
He was forced to pause again, as the Assembly was shaken by discussion – but the realisation that he had crossed the boundary of retreat, that he must now finish, drove both a sense of hopelessness and of bolstered resolve through him.
Still, he had cause for regret; in a glance at Rethan. His friend looked at him with confusion – only a vague hint of his irascibility flared in his eyes. He did not appear betrayed – but Phio knew the emotion was not absent in the younger Elder Archivist, merely restrained. 
He turned to Ormus to summarise the older man’s reaction – but, flanked by black leopards, his rival of the Triumvirate displayed only his typical impassivity. The man’s expression betrayed nothing, although he did not turn to receive Phio’s gaze – his hard, attentive eyes were intent on watching the archivists before them.
“The Assembly will come to order!” Rethan shouted, standing; Phio felt gratitude that the man’s characteristic surliness had reasserted itself; once quiet had returned, Rethan turned to him, “Elder Archivist Phio, are you certain that this would not be better discussed in private council of the Triumvirate?”
The anger directed at him was unmistakeable amidst his friend’s eyes; yet he was compelled to answer, “Yes, Elder Archivist Rethan,” his regret stabbed deeper as he addressed his friend with his full title – the properness of the response was a further affront to their rapport, “I am certain that this would not be better discussed elsewhere. I bring this matter before the Assembly because its value and its truth must be considered at once – we neither possess the time for an in-depth evaluation, nor can we afford the doubt and potential misinterpretation that would come of it.”
Rethan grew more irritated, but something persuaded him to surrender the floor; he gestured for Phio to continue before reassuming his seat.
“I bring this matter to a vote –,” Phio announced, “I will present the evidence of the Tome, specifically the prophecy that addresses the coming war, and then we must decide on its validity and value. But more controversially, whether we should overrule the Tribunal officially.”
Phio opened the Tome to the last pages, and began to read aloud. He recited the prophecy with the officious enunciation and commanding elocution he had practiced and perfected throughout his years of leading the Assembly. He paused shortly between each verse, until the second to last – where he concluded:
“The Tribunal are the Traitors,
They are killers, liars all,
And those that walk the path of death,
Shall bring about their fall.”

His omission of the last verse was no simple ruse of ignoring the writing – he had physically torn the page from the tome and removed it from the prophecy. The guilt, he masked forcibly – but reason had dictated to him that it was necessary. Phio searched the rows of faces for the one that was not fooled by his deception – he hoped and trusted that Faldorn would not stand and expose him, although he had no doubt his aide would demand an explanation, later, in private confines.
Phio breathed in an unexpected relief – the burden of responsibility he had carried in excess of his robes and his position, had been for the most part lifted. He had done all he could, now it lay in the hands of the other Archivists. 
“It was the last verse that was the subject of the Tribunal’s condemnation. As it blatantly labels the Magus traitors – and states that Deathwalkers or in a more modern and comprehensible term, Necromancers will slay the Tribunal, the Magus of the time deemed this prophecy an accessory to Necromancy and convicted the oracle that spoke it of the crime.”
“Necromancy is illegal.” Ormus iterated, from beside him, although his voice was devoid of challenge.
“Indeed it is,” Phio responded, “But Thyesmered was not guilty of Necromancy.”
“That is but your opinion.” Ormus rebuked, again in a perturbing flatness. He turned his impenetrable eyes upwards to meet Phio’s, in a momentary glance.
Rethan stood again, at Phio’s side, and loudly announced, “It is also mine. I find that while I may disagree with the unconventional revelation of this prophecy Elder Archivist Phio has chosen to undertake – its value and its importance are indisputable.”
Phio’s gratitude to his friend was conveyed in a paltry, tacit gesture; the central Elder Archivist turned to the room, “The Assembly may yet overrule the Triumvirate. The vote presented before you is whether the Archivists must use this prophecy to direct us in the coming war, or whether we are to ignore it. Be forewarned, that if it is decided the Assembly utilises this prophecy, the Tribunal will demand explanation – and we will have to formally challenge their ruling regarding this tome.”
Phio sat back in his chair. Relief, regret, gratitude and now fear beset him in abundance – and were as all equally restrained under decorum. Though, had not his age and the stateliness that was expected of him restricted his bearing, he would have slumped so far backward as to allow the chair and the height of the desk to swallow him and all his trappings.
He cringed inwardly, as he visually examined Ormus. The Elder Archivist that had for his entire career proven to be his undeviating rival, now sat silent. And still. Only a brief flicker in his eyes evidenced the innumerable calculations that Phio expected would obstruct the following decisions of the council. And he doubted the council would side with Ormus.
After allowing the allotted time for the Assembly to consider the idea, the central Elder Archivist stood once more, and declared, “The Assembly will cast their votes now. Those that agree the Last Prophecy of Thyesmered must be used, stand.”
As the rumble of shuffling feet and raising bodies sounded over the auditorium, Phio realised it was clear as to the Assembly’s decision. Although it was far from unanimous – some large obscured islands of lower Archivists remained seated, there was no need for a tally. The Assembly was in favour of his proposal – as he expected they would be.
But a moment of trepidation gripped him, after the next phrase he was required to speak, Ormus would have his chance to be a hindrance on the decision; Phio involuntarily added, “If there is any objection that must be raised and considered, let an Elder Archivist motion the inquiry.”
All eyes had turned to Ormus, and expectedly, he rose, “There are no objections amongst the Triumvirate. But let it be shown on record that I do not cast any vote in regard to the proposal – instead, I announce my abstention from this proceeding.” he paused, and regarded Phio with an inscrutable gaze, “Let the people decide their fate.”
The undecipherable behaviour the man demonstrated baffled Phio, and when Ormus sat again in decided silence, he was nearly unable to finalise the vote.
“As there are no objections,” the words tasted foreign in his mouth, but his gladness to be done with the issue, pressed him on, “The Assembly has decided by majority that the Tome of Acrius will be utilised to determine the actions of our armies in the coming war.”

*     *     *

Ayadra curled up amidst the folds of his cloak. The outer material was still damp from the rain.
Ayadra did not remember rain.
He knew what it was, but he had no memory of ever experiencing it. He didn’t like it; mostly because it brought a battering, cold wind alongside. And because it had frustrated his guard.
Taedoran had not liked the delay the weather caused; and whenever his guard was unhappy, Ayadra had to bear the man’s temper.  Every slip, stumble and brief hesitation to recover balance, as they made their way up the rain battered slope to reach more solid ground, had been viewed as resistance. And Ayadra had no choice other than to weather the rain and the punishment meted out for his ‘resistance’.
His name, mostly.
He hated that word. That name. He hated that it hurt him every time. But he had become accustomed to it, as he had become accustomed to stench of urine in his cell – he knew how to bite his tongue to suppress a cry. How to avoid further abuse. Every time, all he did was grimace.
His feet were still wet, still sore, still bruised. His other injuries had healed, and it had been a relief to lose the cumbersome bandages. He was still cold, and still starving.
He had been denied a meal.
What he had done, what crime against his captor he had committed to warrant the punishment did not matter much to him. Maybe it had been when he had lost his footing, and his guard had to drag him to safety of that ledge – that seemed offence enough. He had not meant to slip. He never meant to slip – he wished his feet were less injured, then the climbing would be easier, and he could keep up with his guard.
He did not want to offend his guard. But he was powerless even to accomplish that.
Powerless to do else but bear the man’s abuse.
His stomach gurgled; he clenched shut an eye as the sharp ache of hunger flared, died, then settled into the numbness of exhaustion. Tomorrow, if he was careful, he would not slip, and he would earn himself another meal. And then the day after would not be so hard.
He tried to listen to the drumming of the rain, outside the cave. He liked that, the drumming. It was nice, comforting, it lulled him into a doze. He didn’t like the howl of the wind, it was off-pitch, and ill timed, and it drowned out the drumming. He wanted desperately to sleep.
He shivered. His stomach gurgled. He sighed.
Boots ground against the rock near him; alarm, fear. One of his guards stood over him, he did not dare to look up. That was an offence.
The man knelt down beside him, and laid something on the ground. He dared not move to shift the edge of his cowl and see what it was – he had not been told he was allowed to move.
The guard – Elle’dred, spoke, he was not angry, “I know you are hungry. And I can see you are cold. There is a blanket and food.”
Hope blazed like fire through Ayadra’s veins; the weight of exhaustion lifted off his chest for one blissful second – but when his guard did not move, it fell and shattered into despair. The fire blistered his chest with bereavement and pain. When a guard waited for him to take something offered – it meant it would be snatched away from him as soon as he tried.
This punishment was the cruellest.
Hope, however, was too much for him to contain, and he tentatively reached out a taloned hand to grasp the blanket and food. In the dim ambience of the waning day, the black bone of his talon gleamed. He waited for the inevitable second his guard would move and rip the offering from his grasp. He braced for disappointment.
But his guard did not tear the food away.
Again, Ayadra was stunned. This was another far too fortunate event.
The overwhelming urge of confusion had him raise his head – until the parted edges of the cowl granted view of his guard.
Elle’dred met his gaze for a moment; met his two pleading eyes, abyssal dark amidst the immovable features of his face. The moment passed, however, and fear replace hope and confusion, and dragged his head down. Ayadra instinctually braced for a reprimand – meeting a guard’s eyes was the worst offence he could commit. He didn’t know what had possessed him to be so foolish – he hadn’t meant to look at him. He had not meant to question his hope. He was sorry he had.
But more moments passed, and no reprimand came. 

Elle’dred rose, and watched the incarnate for a handful of seconds, before he moved back to the cave-mouth to reassume watch. The rain sheeted down from the sky, crashing upon the surrounding rocks and trees. The mountainside was buffeted by the sudden, shrieking force of the wind. 
The others slept behind him, huddled together for warmth. They had been ordered to get as much rest as was possible, until the storm passed. Night was fast approaching.
Taedoran had not allowed a fire, and Elle’dred did not disagree with the order. Even in the limited shelter of the cave, the light might be seen anywhere across the mountainside. 
Again, he glanced at the incarnate, as it shifted underneath its cloak; its shackles had been secured to a protrusion of rock, and restricted the motion of its arms. Regardless, it gradually, awkwardly, wrapped the blanket around itself, and proceeded to nibble on the ration he had given it.
It had looked at him.
He had seen the fear in its eyes; its eyes seemed always afraid.
Elle’dred wondered how such a creature could threaten the world, when it could not even threaten one of its guards. It was a helpless creature, terrified of those around it. 
Ayadra had killed, however – the wary thought stuck in his mind. The magus had said it had killed an oracle through simply being what it was. 
It was evil.
Elle’dred wasn’t sure what that meant.  

*     *     *

They made their way down towards the foothills of the mountain range. They had to negotiate the slopes with the utmost care and caution; most of the topsoil was still soaked, soft and precarious from the rain. But their descent had been the easiest portion of their journey thus far; the eastern side of the range was far less rugged than its western counterpart.
Elle’dred was glad the march had become easier – not for his sake, but for their charge’s.
Ayadra had not been driven at a merciless pace for hours that would give even a hardened soldier pause. The ease of the descent had not, however, granted a respite from Taedoran’s abuse.
Elle’dred loathed the man to his utmost; as a soldier and tactician Elle’dred might have respected him, but he was as arrogant as human flesh could withstand, and that arrogance often manifested as condescension.
He was their leader, however, and Elle’dred had sworn to follow him.
Taedoran held up his hand for them to stop as they crested a rise; Elle’dred had seen it too.
A thin, warped column of smoke rose from amidst the trees, further down the slopes, near the foothills. The camp was likely made by a goblin scout party.
Taedoran ordered them to move on, at a slower pace.
An agonising hour passed, as they slipped from outcrops to trees, through the first resurgent brush – that in an undeniable assertion of spring had begun to replace areas of barren dirt across the mountainside.
They halted again; the thick, heavy scent of smoke wafted across the light breeze. Elle’dred’s eyes were never restless, but evermore now he watched every ledge, ditch, and mound of dirt that could provide cover for an enemy. The increasing ranks of trees he had been grateful for the past day, now were a bane that could harbour the goblin and the arrow, unseen, that would end his life.
His newfound wariness stemmed from an unsettling fact – they had taken a course to bypass the suspected enemy encampment, and they were still too far away for the smoke to be so strong.
He continued on, at the rear of the party.
They made their way into a dense thicket, where the steady slope of the mountainside abruptly flattened out. As they crossed through the entangled meshes of branches, and across the forest floor littered with brush and fallen twigs, Elle’dred’s apprehension peaked. The two magus and the party’s charge did not have years of experience in moving through a forest – harried by an enemy; and hence, they lacked any amount of stealth. Every crack, snap and scrape blended into a cacophony of noise amongst the quiet whistle of the breeze.
If goblins were nearby, they would have little difficulty in locating the party.
Elle’dred halted, when the order was given.
He heard Hheirdane and Taedoran make their way ahead of the others. Some tense moments passed, before the quiet call to approach moved up to them from between the trees.
Elle’dred watched the slope behind as he made his way towards the others. Quickly, he surveyed the small camp site, at the base of an overhang formed by a hollow log, perched across a lichen covered outcropping of boulders. The remains of a campfire smouldered at the Champion of the White Wolf’s feet.
Hheirdane knelt a few steps away, inspecting something on the ground.
Elle’dred joined him by his side; there were a set of tracks – most definitely not goblin in origin. Both knights scrutinised the strange imprints.
“What is it?” Taedoran enquired, irritably.
Elle’dred paused in consternation, before he answered, “Tracks. Left by something else. Its feet were cloven, though they are of no animal that I recognise.”
Taedoran moved over to their position with the incarnate in tow; he shouldered past Elle’dred and glanced momentarily at the marks.
“Whatever it was, it left away from us. We move on.”
Elle’dred repressed an exasperated sigh – a noise caught his attention. It was a quiet trill of a woodland bird. But it was answered by a cry, not unlike a hawk’s.
Instinctively, Elle’dred reached for the hilt of his sword.
Thrashing of the scrub behind him was all the warning he received. Or needed.
He twisted on a foot, and back-stepped – the goblin’s blade stabbed the air where he had been, barely an inch from his chest. The goblin hissed through the exposed teeth of its face, and advanced another step, into another thrust.
Elle’dred twisted to his left, around the lunge, and simultaneously drove his elbow into the goblin’s gut; scarce inches from his nose, he caught the reek of its breath as it was winded. Carrying through with the movement of his arm, he drew his sword into the narrow gap between them – upwards from his left hip. Elle’dred twisted into the stroke, dragging the edge of his sword across the goblin’s chest.
A spatter of blood struck his face, as his foe was toppled to the ground by the force of his killing blow.
His gaze darted around to descry the other enemies and survey the abrupt battlefield.
Taedoran, with a single forceful push, hurled Ayadra to the ground – the incarnate safest as a crumpled mass of cloth behind him. A goblin charged the Tribunal’s Champion.
Taedoran drew his sword in a whir of steel and advanced into his enemy. His free arm raised; he braced the goblin’s arm mid slash. His sword-hand punched. The hilt struck; slammed into the goblin’s mouth. Teeth cracked. 
Brutal strength twisted the foe onto its back. Taedoran stamped its chest. His sword raised. It fell. A gurgle. The goblin died.

Syla watched as the two champions each dispatched a goblin in seconds. Fear pounded in her veins; she had never been in battle before. And she had never been so close to an enemy that sought to kill her.
It all happened so fast.
The goblins had materialised from their cover so suddenly, she had not had the time to react. And yet, as fast as adrenalin surged through her, did the apparent need for it end. As Taedoran and Elle’dred each wiped the blood from their swords, Syla recovered her wits.
Agitation and apprehension, were not feelings she was accustomed to – a noise behind her, this time had her start and whirl around. 
Shock.
A goblin stood atop the hollow log that lipped the ledge – silently, it raised a rock above its head, readying to throw. Its target was clearly the incarnate.
Syla did not have time to think – the instinctual urge of self-preservation alone manifested and compelled her to act. The only comprehensible thought in her mind drew to her knowledge of magic, of runes. Her fingers moved beyond volition through a delicate gesture that conjured the rune.
The air around her fingers swirled into wisps of diaphanous mist, intertwined and crystallised into a slender symbol that floated above her palm. The rune was like crystal, clear and shimmering, carved into an elegant, flowing shape. It shed lances of pale light from its heart – though the illumination was not born from the crystal itself – the white glare only refracted through it.
Syla flattened her hand; for a brief moment as she executed the manoeuvre, the exact page of the book where she had learnt this conjury flashed through her mind.  
The rune, in response, sailed through the air and smashed upon the goblin’s chest. The crystal shattered; its scattered fragments evaporating into sparkling mist.
The magic impacted the goblin, knocking it off its feet. It dropped the rock, half landed on the log, then rolled over the edge and fell to the ground below. The crack of bones was muffled by the heavy thud of its body. 
It moaned.
The moment of peril had passed, and Syla yet again regained her composure as the Champion of the Tribunal strode past her. He moved to the goblin’s body. He thrust his sword. The foe was silenced.
Syla flinched slightly as the sword was drawn out of the body; it was a goblin, and an enemy, but she had never been responsible for killing anything before. The pang, however, did not last more than a moment.
Elle’dred was at her side, she started as he laid a hand on her shoulder, “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine.” she said, enforcing a calm tone of herself. She pulled her shoulder from his grasp.
The soft tremble of her fingers attested, to her alone thankfully, that she was not fully recovered. As the rush of action subsided, more comprehensible feelings began to impinge on her. Fear, shock – and strangely, sparks of excitement, thrill.
She blocked such thoughts from her mind, battle was not the place of the magus – and risking one’s life should never be regarded as a worthwhile experience, let alone enjoyable. She wished she had more thoroughly considered what this mission would entail, before she had embarked on it; if she had fully comprehended the thought she would be in life-threatening combat, she might’ve been more prepared for these emotions. She chastised herself for her lapse in judgment.
“We should go.” Elle’dred’s said, quietly, beside her, “If there are other goblins about –”
Taedoran silenced him and agreed with a wave – the soft jangling of the incarnate’s chains trickled over the clearing. Ayadra was afraid; the cause of their charge’s trembling was in no way difficult to deduce – or understand, its life had been threatened as much as Syla’s.
“Be silent, Ayadra.” Taedoran barked – the incarnate flinched.
The stray thought, that the invocation of its name was needless, entered the magus’ mind; but Syla once more iterated to herself that such measures were necessary – despite the incarnate seeming as nothing more than a frightened animal.
Taedoran grasped Ayadra’s chains, and proceeded to the edge of the clearing.
“Move on.” their leader ordered.
Syla readjusted the straps of her pack around her shoulders, as she fell into file. The thought, skirted her mind several times, before it found grounding in a moment of realisation – the incarnate had been as much a target of the goblins as any of the party.
Syla wondered why its own allies would want it dead – the notion that the goblins might be as much its enemy as its guards, passed and faded. That idea went against everything she had been told by her superiors; and where this incarnate was concerned, there were none who were better informed than the Tribunal. Only their information could be trusted.
The incarnate was an enemy, and she would be best to regard it as such.
 

Chapter 9

The Andarae took to the river, and moved to the second and third heavens. They taught the wyverns and the elves about the sky and about the river. That all things flow into one another, changing from form to form, until they come back to their beginning to start the journey once more. The wyverns and the elves heard this and they were happy. They took to the river as well, to visit the other heavens and see what the sky had to hold. The wyverns and the elves were not bound to a single shape, they were alike the water of the river, alike the Andarae. They would constantly change and be reborn in each flow.

*     *     *

“You did well.”
Phio sighed, “I do not know if Rethan will forgive me.”
“He will.” Lyrien comforted, “He will be frustrated with you for a time, but he trusts you.”
Phio kissed her lightly and paused for a long moment to view her. Her presence beside him, as they sat in the comfort of a fire, upon the large, luxurious sofa in his quarters, was a grace he had not known he had been without. The simplicity of Lyrien’s company eased the weight of everything else – her company, her affection, inexplicably made the world easier to bear.
The oracle noticed his staring, and in a rare occurrence let her demeanour slip such as to return a small smile.
“I had better thank you.” he mumbled.
“For what?” she asked.
“I should thank you for convincing me to bring this matter before the Assembly.”
“Hmmm,” she answered, and pursed her lips. Phio knew she restrained a reprimand, albeit – likely – a gentle one. He rubbed her shoulder tenderly in appeasement.
“I still wish to apologise,” he began, “In that I kept this matter from you.”
She turned a resentful glare upon him, but, in contradiction to the expression, her mouth curved into a disarming smile. Her features collectively melted into a displeased tick as she let her headrest on his shoulder.
“You are forgiven.”
Phio chuckled, glumly – he loved this woman, even when she was angry at him. It had taken a damned long time for him to realise it. And there had been a lot of pain regarding her as well – he had been such a fool. Yet, she had forgiven him. 
“We should, most certainly, retire to bed soon,” he murmured, “Tomorrow is as likely as today to be a chore.”
Lyrien allowed an uncharacteristic laugh – Phio almost started in response.
“What have I said?” he asked, interestedly.
“Do not think I did not glean those thoughts from your mind – they are hardly actions becoming an Elder Archivist.”
“Can you blame me?” Phio asked, as he comprehended the source of her amusement.
“Yes, I can.” she said, flatly, and raised her face to his, “But only if I did not share them.”
Phio chuckled.

*     *     *

The heavy scent of smoke caught the two hollows carved at the tip of the snout of the bone mask that was Ayadra’s face. For the second time in two days, the unanticipated smell had choked his nostrils amidst the otherwise unsullied air of the forest.
His guards had stopped. Taedoran had ordered the two other soldiers ahead; Elle’dred and Hheirdane had departed the group until they had become only small shapes moving through the obscuration of trees and thick scrub further down slope. Then they had disappeared.
The others, the man and woman in black, his primary guard and he waited in the shelter of a ridge-top amid the foothills, safely hidden behind the myriad tips of pines. A column of grey rose above the densely wooded undulation of the land, from somewhere beyond the next valley.
Ayadra huddled, silently against the rock, beside the party’s leader. His nervous heart thrummed in his chest. Since the past morning they had dodged two further bands of goblins as they made their way through the snaking, switch-backed dells and gorges of the foothills.
Ayadra remembered very little of the first attack; solely, that his guard had shoved him unexpectedly and forcefully to the ground. He had been afraid; also, his sudden descent had been dampened by his left wrist and shoulder – they had been bruised upon impact.
The new injuries were far from the worst he had suffered; and, he was grateful that the wrist was not broken. They flared with pain whenever he moved them, or whenever his guard yanked his chains to bring him into pace and file.
He gritted his teeth, and remained silent. 
Ayadra kept his arm as still as was possible whenever his guard allowed some slack on his leash. In a morbid way, he was almost grateful for the injuries themselves – they distracted him from the ache of hunger; and, in the wake of their momentary pain, adrenalin rushed and for a time fought off the lingering weariness of exhaustion.
He flinched as Taedoran shifted, tugging inadvertently on his chains. His bruised wrist flared, faded and quickened his heartbeat for a moment.
Elle’dred and Hheirdane had reappeared amidst the distant trees, at the base of the slope.
Ayadra darted his gaze to the floor, as his primary guard stood beside him. Looking up was an offence; Taedoran had not noticed. Taedoran gave a hushed order for the magus to follow, and proceeded down the side of the ridge. The long, steep descent jostled Ayadra’s arm unmercifully, but he managed the agonising minutes in silence – his guard took no offence.
For that he was thankful.
They rejoined the knights at the base of the hill, where the soft babble of a streamlet washed out the crackle of underbrush. Elle’dred crossed the shallow water with a bound, and approached the Champion of the Tribunal.
“The encampment belongs to a company of guardsmen,” the knight reported, “By their markings, they appear to belong to one of the nearby towns.”
Taedoran seemed to think the information over for a moment; then moved past the knight in the direction of the next valley.
Ayadra caught the sigh of annoyance Elle’dred let out as he passed.
Silently, they wove their way through the dell, following the course of the brook, and crossed a series of forested hillocks until they descried the camp. The smoke rose from the lambent remains of a large bonfire at the centre of a glade – the charcoal mound was still half-covered in charred remnants of goblin corpses. 
A dozen guardsmen surrounded the flickering, smouldering mound; each was dressed in a mail hauberk and coif, underneath a leather surcoat and emerald tabard blazoned with a silver tiger. Most carried pikes, while a handful bore targes slung across their backs, and dirks at their waists. Invariably each man was also armed with a crossbow, and a quiver of bolts. Grey cloaks were intermittently hung over the uniform, and one man bore the embossed pauldron and red sash of a guard captain.
Ayadra glanced up at the group of men, and swallowed – fear tensed his empty gut. More men meant more eyes watching him, more eyes that could take offence, and any small offence would likely lead to punishment. 
Ayadra bit back panic as Taedoran strode ahead – he had no choice but to follow.
The guardsmen on watch noticed their approach. A signal had all the men rise, and face the threat with bared weapons.
“Who goes there?” the guard captain shouted through the trees.
With Ayadra yet in tow, his primary guard moved clearly out of the obscuring branches and announced, “I am Taedoran of Ygoth, Champion of the Magus Tribunal. You dare raised weapons against the general of the Magus Army?”
The guardsmen were stunned, momentarily – hurriedly they sheathed or dropped their armaments as they all bent to obeisance.
“Apologies milord,” the guard captain replied, with an aged rasp, “We did not know. We meant no offence.”
“State your business here.”
“We were dispatched from the river-town of Endarden, milord. There were reports of goblins seen on the mountains. We were to track down and deal with the beasts.”
“How far away is the river-town?”
“A half day’s march from here, milord.”
Taedoran was silent a moment. Ayadra fixed his gaze on the ground beside his primary guard, restraining his trepidation; he dared not move – he dared not breathe. 
“Stand. You will escort my party to Endarden.” Taedoran ordered.
Ayadra cringed. He felt the glances of each man, as they obeyed the Champion’s first order – the black cloak that enshrouded his bare form seemed a paltry defence against so many gazes. Fear beat in his chest. All he could do was try to remain still and desperately hope he would go unnoticed.
Before his uncertain silence trespassed into disrespectful length, the guard captain hesitantly ventured, “What of the goblins milord?”
“You dare question my orders?” Taedoran snapped.
“No, milord.” 
The near shouted response had Ayadra start – and the movement caused a dangerous clink of his chains. His breath froze in his lungs. Fortunately, Taedoran seemed not to have noticed.
Elle’dred approached beside him, “Is this wise, what of Ayadra?”
He flinched – the crystallised pain invoked by his name flared and faded. He bit his lip; he knew by the man’s tone that Elle’dred had not meant it as a reprimand, though that knowledge gave little surcease. 
Taedoran strode forward – ignoring the knight’s question. As they crossed the clearing, Ayadra did his best to hold pace with his handler, but with his vision buried so deep amidst the folds of his cowl, he could not see every undulating nuance of the ground. 
Inadvertently, he placed a foot ill balanced across rock and slipped. The movement was relatively minor, barely enough to upset his stride; but Taedoran – in his usual unfair demand of perfection – noticed the resistance on the leash and tugged to recover Ayadra from the stumble.
His wrist and shoulder were wrenched, and, for a moment, Ayadra lost track of every small motion required for walking – as he recovered his balance, in the natural function of his body, the tip of his scaled, obsidian tail slipped the hem of the back of the cloak. For only a moment.
But one moment was enough.
An alarmed cry split the air of the clearing – accompanied by the whir of drawn steel, and the creak of leather straps.
Terror. Ayadra’s heart raced as his muscles froze and he recoiled into the depth of his cloak. No material could be deep or thick enough – he was exposed.
“What is that?” the guardsman yelled, as he levelled his dirk at Ayadra’s cloak and braced his shield.
His fellow guardsmen followed suit within a panicked heartbeat.
Terror, fear, dread – panic; Ayadra was petrified, he felt the ring of blades pointed at him; hostility coloured the air all around. He was naked, exposed, helpless against the steel – and powerless to undo his mistake. He had not meant his tail to slip. He had not meant it.
“Stay your weapons!” Taedoran shouted; there was no movement – Ayadra still felt the malice of the blades as sharply as their edges, “Any harm dealt to our prisoner will be visited upon the man who deals it ten-fold.”
The threat lowered some weapons.
“What is that? I saw a tail!” the first guardsman to draw arms repeated.
The guard captain spoke – though his voice wavered between submission and tentative uncertainty, “Who is your prisoner, milord?”
“You dare question me?” Taedoran growled.
“We travel under the will of the Archivists and the Tribunal –”
“Elle’dred!” Taedoran snapped.
The Champion of the White Wolf continued, “If you serve them you will not hinder us. And you will understand that our prisoner must not be revealed. Lower your weapons.”
The ring of blades fractured and fell away – Ayadra felt no part relieved. All eyes rested on him.
Fear.
“Your prisoner had a tail – like a snake’s.” the witnessing guardsmen stated in frantic bewilderment.
“Lower your weapon, Damytres.” the guard captain ordered.
“Our prisoner is not something you should see –” Elle’dred continued, but was cut off by Taedoran.
“By my right as Champion of the Magus Tribunal, I forbid you to speak of this prisoner. Any who do are guilty of treason.”
“Count yourself lucky you do not have to see it.” Dus quipped snidely – and quietly, to one of the close by guards.
Ayadra waited in terrified stillness. He dared not breathe.
“My apologies, milord,” the guard captain answered, “If I may beg your forgiveness. My men are on edge due to the rumours that have accompanied the reports.”
“What rumours?” Elle’dred asked.
“That strange creatures have been seen alongside the goblins.”
“I do not care for rumours,” Taedoran snapped, severing the discourse, “Escort us to Endarden.”
After a pause, the guard captain answered, “Yes, milord.”
Slowly the men began to move away – Ayadra allowed a moment of relief. The brief ease, however, fell into fear once more, as Taedoran did not move. Elle’dred’s stride passed them and continued ahead, followed by Hheirdane’s and Syla’s and Dus – but Taedoran did not move.
Ayadra knew he had offended his guard – Taedoran’s hand clenched around the links of the chain. 
He braced for the inevitable reprimand.
The Champion moved.
Agony shot through Ayadra’s knee, as his leg buckled under the savage force impelled by his captor’s boot. He crumbled helplessly amidst a sudden, hoarse cry; his left arm wrenched above him as he fell against the implacable restraints at his wrists. His bruising throbbed with resurgent agony.
His knee burned with fresh pain.
Dangling from his captor’s leash, Ayadra managed a gasp before the second blow fell.
A gauntleted hand struck the immovable bone of his face – his head snapped to the side, pulling the muscles of his neck with sharp strain. A daze filled his vision, as the coppery taste of blood filled his mouth. Red-dyed spittle leaked across his loose jaw as he struggled to overcome the numbness left in the aftermath of the blow.  
He coughed and bit back a whimper with a wince.
“Should you ever reveal yourself again, Ayadra,” – a flinch, “You will suffer far worse than this.”
“Taedoran!” Elle’dred’s voice carried from a distance.
Ayadra’s head swam with dizziness – a sharp ache stabbed from the side and upset his senses. He feared another blow, another moment of pain, another injury to bear. He feared he would die. He did not want to die. 
He dangled helplessly, from his chains.
“Stand Ayadra!” his guard yelled – a flinch.
Fear. Fear alone drove his legs, fear alone motivated his muscles to move, his legs to brace, his jaw to clench to bear the pain. Any weakness, any pain, now would be seen as resistance. Anything. He did not want to resist. 
His legs quaked, they nearly buckled again – his knee screamed with pain, but he forced himself to stand. In silence. Small, weak, helpless. 
That would offend his guard the least.
Taedoran ground out a snarl in the back of his throat above him.
Fear.
Ayadra did not anticipate the resumption of marching – but the hard yank on his chains that wrenched his wrists was answered immediately with a submissive movement of his legs. Terrified, he bent what unviolated will he had left into walking – and remaining silent. Silence. His knee ached with every stride, and he had to clench his jaw just to keep from groaning. Sound would be offence.
On the tenth step, he could not suppress a dim yelp.
“Silence, Ayadra!” – A flinch, a stumble, a jerk on his chains. Bruises.
Ayadra hobbled along behind his guard, a grimace and a limp all he could do to manage the pain of his injured leg. He was powerless to protect himself; powerless to allay the fury of the man above him.
It was likely he would not be fed today. That hurt more than his knee.
The dizziness of his head lessened as they passed Elle’dred – Taedoran barked, “Move, knight.”
The man’s footfalls resumed a distance behind them.
Ayadra laboured onwards, behind his guard. Afraid. In pain. In silence.

*     *     *

Elle’dred watched the Champion of the Tribunal, the unwarranted assault on their charge had tipped the scales of his reservations. Sympathy and loathing coupled together had stripped the preconceptions that dogged him – what exactly Ayadra was, he did not know or care; the incarnate did not deserve the treatment it was dealt.
If only to keep it able to walk, Ayadra deserved better. 
Their trek towards the town was arrested by the casual roar of the Nel’maya River. The guard captain led them onto the open banks beyond the tree line, and the stretch of water that ran between. The undaunted light of spring sparkled off the clear, rippled water that met the bank, but the distant centre of the watercourse was opaque with force, marked out by rushing white foam.
The guard captain bade them halt.
Hesitantly, he turned to the Champion of the Tribunal, “Milord, I mean no offence when I say I can lead your party no further. I do not have the authority to permit your prisoner within the prefecture of Endarden.” he paused, and met the disdaining glare of the Champion, “The Garrison Commander alone possesses that.”
Taedoran responded, flatly, “I ordered you to lead us to the town. You have disobeyed that order.” the implied threat prompted a hard swallow from the guard captain, “Take me to the Garrison Commander.”
“Yes, milord.”
Elle’dred pitied the man – he was put in an impossible position; allowing a threat into his town was as grave an offence as questioning a superior. And the man could not be faulted for considering Ayadra a threat. Fortunately, this time, Elle’dred could forestall the undeserved discipline he was certain Taedoran would demand of the guard captain for his disobedience.
“Tell your commander that the Champion of the White Wolf swears full responsibility for this prisoner and all matters concerning it.”
The guard captain was relieved by the order, “Yes, milord.”
Taedoran shot a hateful glare at him. Elle’dred ignored it. As the guard captain gestured for two of his men to accompany them, Elle’dred was handed the incarnate’s chains.
Taedoran stalked off behind the guardsmen.
Elle’dred breathed a sigh of relief. Their charge stood beside him in silence – if Ayadra were hurt, he was too afraid of his guards to reveal it. The limp, however, that the incarnate had suffered for the better part of the afternoon evidenced that he was injured.
He. The thought lingered for a moment in the knight’s mind – he no longer thought of Ayadra as an it.
Uncertain and tentative, Elle’dred ushered Ayadra away from the town guards. He caught the glances – the distrustful, wary, sometimes afraid eyes of the men lingered momentarily on the cloaked figure at his side.
He could cast no blame for such feelings, he himself had regarded Ayadra likewise at first.
“You can sit…” he said.
Ayadra’s cowl moved slowly upwards – as though the incarnate might meet his eye, but a jerk muffled by the draping folds of the cloak returned Ayadra’s gaze to the ground once more. It took several long moments for the incarnate to sit – every small movement was taken with a silent nervousness, and as inoffensive as was possible.
Elle’dred sighed. He bent down beside the huddled mass of black cloth.
“Are you injured?” he asked.
A long moment of hesitation was followed by a slight, measured shake of the cowl from side to side. No. The answer was intended to appease Elle’dred – out of fear; the knight had no illusions.
“Your leg is injured.” he said; although his tone was gentle, the correction elicited a subtle flinch from the incarnate, “I have to check that there is no…damage.”
Careful not to reveal any part of the scaled obsidian body beneath, Elle’dred moved the folds of the cloak and reached under to examine Ayadra’s leg. The incarnate flinched – silently, again, as Elle’dred pressed his joint to examine the bones; the knight surmised there was a contusion, however significant, but there was no apparent breakage or dislocation.
There was nothing he could do in the immediate to tend the injury – not without exposing the incarnate to the view of the guards; which could create as much a panic as the incident that had led to the injury. Elle’dred resigned himself to the fact that Ayadra would have to bear with the pain for the time being.
The soft groan of the incarnate’s stomach emanated from amidst the black folds of the cloak. Elle’dred let a tick of his mouth and unshouldered his pack; after a moment spent riffling through the contents, he brought out a ration.
He offered the food in an open hand.
After a long moment, he realised Ayadra would not move to take the ration, and it occurred to him that was fortunate, for more than once he had seen the incarnate’s hand and the black blade of the talon affixed to it – such a sight amidst the guards would be a mistake. He was still a little disturbed himself by the menace of the talon.
Elle’dred sighed, and placed the ration on the ground, half wrapped by the parting folds of the cloak.
He glanced up, and stood as Hheirdane approached.
“I do not like it here,” the other knight stated, “We’re too exposed. We should move back into the forest.”
“A group this size will be noticed regardless.”
“Yes, but I’d rather some cover when we’re ambushed.”
Elle’dred chuckled; he knew the situation was far from strategically ideal. A quick sweep of the tree-line revealed nothing other than the way they had come, and he had seen no signs of goblins on their approach; though, that meant precious little to him. 
Any possible attack would have to come from behind; the span of the river and its far bank to the tree line was beyond bow range. The forest they had left was unforthcoming in sights or sounds that might indicate a hidden, shadowing goblin force. The knight surmised their proximity to the town and the strength of their own numbers would likely preclude an outright attack. If the goblin scouts they had previously encountered were any indication.
He released an exasperated breath; they had little choice other than to wait – the Champion had left them in an inopportune position, and, no doubt, Taedoran would expect them to remain that way until he returned.
Discontented, Elle’dred turned his frustration to scanning the tree line for signs of an enemy.
He did not see his friend glance down at the cloaked incarnate at his feet.
“You fed it again?” Hheirdane asked.
Elle’dred looked down; Ayadra had managed to negotiate the ration into the folds of his cloak – seemingly, without exposing his talon or any part of his hand, if the guardsmen’s reactions were evidence.
“It was hungry.” he assuaged.
Hheirdane drew close to him, and whispered in his ear, “Do not be so quick to trust it.”
“It was hungry –”
– His friend cut him off, “It is just trying to win your sympathy. Don’t give in to it.”
Elle’dred sighed, “He is no threat.”
“He?”
“Yes, He. Not it.”
“Elle’dred, that thing is an enemy.” Hheirdane ground out.
“He is harmless.”
“You don’t know that.”
Elle’dred met the other knight’s eyes – behind the glaze of stoicism and the weight of despondency, he could see the passionate belief Hheirdane held before him.
“Why do you hate it so much?”
“It is evil.”
“It is defenceless.”
“Don’t be a fool.” Hheirdane paused, “The only thing keeping it restrained are those chains. And soon, it will have made you willing to take them off. It is an enemy, you can’t forget that.”
The belief in his friend’s eyes wavered into a concern Elle’dred recognised – a tacit plea for him to heed the obvious. Elle’dred tightened his lips in frank appraisal, glanced to the side, and nodded his acceptance of Hheirdane’s opinion. His sympathy in retrospect was colouring his judgement beyond what was prudent.
Yet, by all appearance, Ayadra was just a frightened, hapless creature at the mercy of his guards.
His concerns noted, Hheirdane resumed his usual stoic silence and turned his attention to watching the wall of trees behind them.
Elle’dred understood his friend’s concern, and more than once in their shared history, that same concern and silent, warning gaze had saved his life; he was grateful Hheirdane’s cynicism could be depended upon to curb his naivety even when he was unaware of it.
Perhaps he was too young to be Champion; he glanced at the incarnate.
Ayadra tentatively nibbled on the ration amidst the folds of his cowl.
Despite himself, he could not reconcile his doubt that the strange creature at his feet was not more than an evil weapon in service to their enemy. At the very least he was more than an animal.
The hours passed, and the southern sun crawled down towards the bared canopy of the forest that claimed the far bank, in the southwest. Near dusk, Elle’dred spied the approach, some distance down the riverbank, of the returning Champion of the Tribunal and a dozen more guardsmen.
The Garrison Commander of the town of Endarden marched at Taedoran’s side – distinguished by a yellow sash, a purple cloak hung from silver pauldrons embossed with the tiger of her tabard, and a radiant, golden helm chased in silver, crested with a tail of white hair. She strode beside the Champion of the Tribunal with an air of displeasure – and the expression on the man’s face beside her mirrored the emotion.
Elle’dred ushered their charge to his feet – Ayadra stood, silent and complaint; his posture showed that he yet rested his weight on his uninjured leg.
Elle’dred side-stepped as Taedoran stalked past him and, ungently, reassumed hold of Ayadra’s chains; an unneeded yank pulled the incarnate a step forward, beside the knight – and behind his primary guard, who faced down the Garrison Commander.
The woman removed her helm, revealing the shaved baldness of her head – her disgruntled features drew hard lines across her brow, deepened into shadow by the dimming light of dusk. She scrutinised the black-cloak behind the Champion of the Tribunal for a moment.
A small glance was shot at Elle’dred before she faced the man that carried a rank superior to her own.
Her eyes were undaunted, as she pronounced flatly, “I will permit this prisoner into Endarden, milord.”
Taedoran gave no acknowledgement.
She turned her gaze to Elle’dred, “Milord, you have assumed responsibility for this prisoner, is this the truth?”
“I swear full responsibility in all matters regarding our prisoner, yes.”
She paused, and an earnestness consumed her eyes, “May I ask your word, milord, that it presents no harm to the lives I have sworn to protect?”
Elle’dred glanced at the incarnate, hidden beneath a layer of cloth – a moment passed in thought, before he met her gaze once more and answered, “You have my word.”
He caught the scornful sneer that crossed Taedoran’s features out of the corner of his eye, and he knew Hheirdane rested a displeased stare on him from behind.
The Garrison Commander nodded and addressed their leader, “If you will follow me, milord.”
She turned, and issued an order for the new guardsmen to form up with those that had remained on the riverbank, into two columns on either side of the party members. When the guardsmen had assumed formation, and two of the lead men had lit torches, she barked out ‘march’ and the contingent took pace.
Elle’dred moved beside Taedoran, and asked, “How long do you plan to stay in the town?”
“That is not concern, knight.” the man replied, coldly; the tension in his jaw, and the savage glint to his eyes revealed the repressed fury inside. His stride quickened to gain distance on the knight, and he pulled at Ayadra’s chains to hasten the incarnate’s pace with his own.
Silently, Ayadra limped behind his guard, without resistance.
Elle’dred sighed. They continued.
The southern sun’s last red bled across the wisps of clouds over the south-west, the dying orb came to rest upon the tips of the distant forest, then impaled by a thousand trees before finally falling behind the tapering spears until all that remained was the orange corona that lit their silhouettes.
In the growing dark, the contingent left the banks of the watercourse and crossed a wide meadow; the green of the grass was lost amidst the murky red of twilight that lingered on the south-western horizon behind them. Woven together by shadow, the distant tree line ran the edge of the field – and terminated at the black silhouette of a ridgeline to the north.
Carefully, the guardsmen and the party ascended the steep rise, while the torchbearers stood in wait at the height of the rocky hillock. A far more gradual descent led to the stump-ridden stretches that surrounded the eighteen glowing lights residing atop Endarden’s outer palisade.
Elle’dred maintained wary glances across the remains of the trees, and the retreated ranks of the forest atop the low crags to the north and east, even as darkness fell. He saw nothing, to his relief.
The banded façade of the town’s wall grew with their approach, and the tumultuous rumble of the river re-manifested out of the night, drowning the air with noise. Beside and beneath the high watchtower, constructed of the once surrounding trees, the main gates of the town were opened for their arrival.
The guard captain stood beside the gates, at the head of a cordon that stretched ten men into the town.
Elle’dred came to a halt, at the direction of the garrison commander; Hheirdane beside him. As the commander ordered her men about, to close and secure the town’s main entrance, Hheirdane turned and swept the eastern horizon.
Elle’dred became immediately alert, as the other knight stepped forward with a narrowed gaze. He stole a last glimpse through the gap of the gates – and saw nothing.
“What is it?” he asked, quietly, “Goblins?”
As the entrance was closed with a groan of timber, Hheirdane answered, “No.” and turned from the unrevealing faces of the gates, being barred by guardsmen, “It was just a shadow.”
Taedoran’s voice elicited both of their attention.
“Syla. Ward the prisoner from sight.”
Syla nodded acknowledgement; seemingly, unsurprised by the order. She moved beside the Champion and the incarnate, and under the stares of several curious guardsmen, proceeded to cast a spell. She murmured for several moments, holding her hand towards the cloaked figured.
Responsive to a push of her hand that did not connect with their charge, a wave of tiredness slackened her posture and arm. She retreated a step, recovered and drew herself more properly erect.
Louder this time, she pronounced the word, “Nythah.”
Diaphanous mist swirled and entwined above the incarnate’s cowled head; the soft myriad glittering crystallised into argent lances of light – shed from a rune. The floating white magic remained for a breath and then evanesced into the darkness of the night and the orange glow of the torches that lit the guards and the inner courtyard.
Syla breathed a deep breath to steady herself and stepped back from the incarnate.
Whatever the effect of the spells the magus had invoked, Elle’dred perceived no difference in the appearance of the cloaked figure – nor, he thought, did any of the guards.
“Attention.” the Garrison Commander snapped, sharply – eliciting the straight-backed gazes of the guardsmen drawn astray by the spectacle of the magus. She ordered the guard captain ahead to the barracks; Elle’dred assumed, where they would reside for the duration of their stay in the town.
He still wondered what Taedoran intended to gain from this – but no answer would be forthcoming from their leader.
The majority of the guards were disbanded, ordered to return to their patrols of the town, or report to watch or off duty; the others were instructed to accompany the party in loose formation to the barracks.
The sole torch the group maintained was held by the commander as she once more requested them to follow her.
The town itself rose around them as a mass of shadows; buildings reared, black and obscure, at the fringes of the torch-lit path they crossed, only the rare, snatched glimpse revealed the wooden construction that huddled amidst glowering lines of cast darkness. The rare light glimmered in the darkness and distance.
The gravel road beneath their feet was fortunately smooth enough to forestall tripping, and the cascading roar of the river washed away any sound of their trek through the town. The barrack-house they were assigned loomed suddenly before them amidst the flicker of the torch. The shadows cast in the furrows between the logs used in its construction fled the heart of the torchlight, as the Garrison Commander strode to the open door and the dimly lit glimmer of eyes inside.
The guard captain materialised in the doorway, nodded respect to his superior and questioned, “Now, sir?”
The commander nodded.
The glow of a lantern came to abrupt life within the confines of the barrack-house, followed quickly by two more. The guardsmen inside the dormitory, began to file out into the torchlight; the Garrison Commander turned to the Champion of the Tribunal.
“As we have agreed, no men other than those here will approach this house. And no guards will be posted, milord.”
Taedoran gave a brief overlook in acknowledgement and ordered, “Inside.” to the others of the party.
Elle’dred exchanged a nod with the Garrison Commander as he passed; on the inside he turned and waited for their leader to enter.
Taedoran met the eyes of the commander, “Our business will be concluded tomorrow.”
“As you say, milord.” she responded, flatly – though a hint of displeasure curled the edge of her voice.
With a bow she turned and led the guardsmen away, into the shadows of the town.
Taedoran stood in the cold night air for a long moment before he too strode through the entrance with a forceful jerk on his prisoner’s chains. Ayadra moved submissively behind him.
While their leader turned and bolted the door shut, Elle’dred surveyed their temporary residence. The wide, long room held eight bunks, and a small square table, flanked by chairs, against the sidewall – a hammer and spike rested on its fibrous surface.
“Wow, such opulence –” Dus began snidely, and quietly, but a glare from their leader silenced him.
Taedoran grasped Ayadra’s chains once more, and jerked the incarnate over to the far wall between two of the bunks. As he halted, his momentum continued through his arm, and with ever casual brutality dragged and impelled Ayadra into the oaken façade. The incarnate slammed against the wall, uttered a dim yelp, muffled by the cowl and cut short by likely a grimace.
Elle’dred restrained a sigh.
“Silent, Ayadra.” Taedoran snapped – a flinch; Ayadra stood, silent and unmoving, as he ever did, “The hammer and nail.”
Hheirdane was the first to retrieve the tools and hand them to the Champion.
A quick, wrenching jerk freed the incarnate’s hands from the obscuration of the cloak – his obsidian scales glistened in the lantern light, as his scythe-like talons gleamed with revealed sharpness. The blades flexed atop the dark hands as they clenched – in reaction to the kick dealt to his already injured leg. Ayadra restrained a cry with a gritted breath, and collapsed limply beneath the Champion of the Tribunal.
Elle’dred bit his tongue to restrain a reprimand against their leader.
With the incarnate slumped on the barrack floor, and his arms dangling loosely from his shackles held implacably above him, Taedoran pressed the chains to the wall. Selecting a link, he brought the spike to the wood, held it in place and hammered it home.
Ayadra flinched with each blow, but did not raise his head; each small start in time with the dull squeal of the nail, and the agonised cry of the rent wood.
With the incarnate secured to the barrack wall, Taedoran stepped back and looked down on their prisoner.
Elle’dred could not see his face, but the man’s hand clenched on the handle of the tool – the knight tensed in apprehension.
“You will sleep here, Ayadra.” – A flinch, “You will not move, Ayadra.” – A flinch, “If you make any sound, Ayadra,” – a flinch, “You will be punished. Is that understood, Ayadra?” – A flinch, and a quick, obvious nod.
Taedoran released a frustrated breath and retrieved a chamber pot for the incarnate, in what seemed a grand gesture of mercy. He turned to the others, “Elle’dred, you will take second watch. Hheirdane, first.”
With that, their leader strode over to a bunk, unshouldered his pack and began to strip his armour and weapons. Dus and Elle’dred, in the compliant unquestioning of a military order in a dorm, moved to a separate bunk each and followed suit. Syla took the bed farthest from her compatriots; she gave a few stray, discomforted looks at the increasing nakedness of the men in her company, but held any unease under her stern composure and began to disrobe herself.
Elle’dred restrained a sympathetic glance, he was certain would only make the magus more uncomfortable; and while he would regard her with same professionalism he had his female colleagues in the past, a self-admonishing smirk warned that any such glances in this case, would likely herald some origin in less than chivalrous intent. As much as he might loathe many of the magus he had met, he felt Syla deserved better than that.
He glanced across at Hheirdane, who had fixed his gaze on the unenlightening, bolted face of the door – the watch seemed flagrantly pointless, but Elle’dred did not have the endurance or will to question their leader.
Resting his sword against the bunk-side, within his reach once he lay down, his gaze dwelt on their prisoner; Ayadra sat huddled against the wall, resting the elongated, cowl-wrapped shape of his face against his bare arms – dangling, half-above him, from the chain and his restraints. In silence.
Elle’dred pitied the incarnate. 
With a breath of easing tension he lay down for what little rest he would gain before his shift was called. Recumbent and summarily exhausted, sleep came quickly.

The hours passed, and he was roused by his friend.
Elle’dred rose, and instinctually swept the barracks, across the sleeping bodies of his companions all around – Ayadra had not moved from his position.
Feeling no great compulsion to re-don his armour, he pulled on his trousers and fastened a loose, simple tunic from his pack over his chest. He exchanged a frustrated smirk with Hheirdane, before retrieving his sword, a chair and sitting before the unmoved doorway.
More hours – long hours passed. And morning came, in the dim rays of light entering through the high windows that hung from the ceiling.
Taedoran roused himself at dawn, re-dressed his armour and left with the order for the knight to remain on watch during the day.
Elle’dred sagged gladly into the seat, once the Champion had left. He hated the man.
A knock at the door some minutes later had him rise, again, and approach the entrance.
“Who is it?” he called through the wooden panels.
“Guard Captain Gilton,” the man responded with his characteristic aged rasp, “Your breakfast, milord.”
Elle’dred unbolted the lock and opened the door. The guard captain’s face hurried to assume the proper respect for the Champion of the White Wolf, but Elle’dred caught enough of the disgruntled frown that had creased his features a moment before. One of the guardsmen carried a tray loaded with food.
The breakfast exchanged hands, and Elle’dred reclosed the door with a nudge from his elbow. As the guardsmen’s footsteps disappeared amidst the muffled roar of the river outside, he placed the tray on the table and bolted the entrance, again.
A small pot rested on the tray, filled with a broth that birthed curling wisps of stream – the aroma that filled the musty air of the barrack-house, made the knight’s mouth water. A pungent scent, pleasant and warm. A mound of fresh bread sat beside the pot, stack of bowls, a ladle and a flagon of some drink and accompanying cups.
Elle’dred ladled out a bowl of broth for himself – the clinking of chains, and the subdued sounds of the incarnate shifting drew his attention. He glanced at Ayadra – and met, for the briefest of moments, the two glints of the incarnate’s abyssal eyes amidst the shadow of his cowl.
Immediately, fearfully, their charge diverted his gaze to the floor – and surreptitiously recoiled. The scent of the food permeated the room, and Elle’dred was more than aware Ayadra had not been fed since the previous morning. He had been gazing at the food.
Elle’dred placed a piece of bread into the bowl he held, and after a short hesitation moved over to the incarnate. Ayadra made no sound at his approach, and the small movements of his obscured body were lost under the folds of the cloak – save for the clenching of his hands.
His black talons flexed at his knuckles, and bared a sliver of the morning’s hue along their curvature.
“Stand.” he ordered – he enforced a harshness to his voice; to limit his own sympathies. 
Obediently, silently, as inoffensively as was possible, Ayadra stood.
Elle’dred paused, unsure how to continue – or if he should; but, the knight moved the bowl towards their prisoner’s hands, and after a tentative moment, Ayadra cupped it in his scaled grasp. The knight’s fingers brushed the obsidian skin, and the bone of the talon unavoidably – it was cold.
His doubts had never been stronger, and although he knew he was fostering a dangerous trust, he assuaged any guilt that the incarnate could not be restrained more securely than at this moment. And he would allow this one kindness out of simple pity – nothing more.
“I’m sorry for how the Champion treats you –” the words slipped out to easily; so much for simple pity, he thought. He restrained a sigh. The incarnate stood, unmoving beside him, draped in his black cloak, with his head bowed and cowl-covered – while the bowl of broth steamed in his hands.
Elle’dred let his doubt subside – Ayadra still did not move.
“You can eat.” he said, quietly with a nod. He turned his back on their prisoner.
“Thank…you.” the words were whispered through the hoarseness of a throat that had gone unused for weeks – and for a shocked moment, Elle’dred thought they were just a misheard groan of the incarnate’s stomach or the airy sound of his breath.
He turned quickly, again to Ayadra – the movement elicited a flinch, and a terrified pause of the incarnate’s hands. The scales quivered along its arms, in the restrained trembles of fear.
Elle’dred sighed; he turned and left the incarnate to its meal. His doubts beleaguered him with more unanswered questions than he could stomach. His attention, fortunately, was drawn to the sound of his fellow knight stirring from his sleep.
As Hheirdane sat up on the edge of his bunk, Elle’dred called, “Breakfast is here.” and quipped, “Our arse-hole leader isn’t here to enjoy it.”
Hheirdane grunted, rose, and after addressing his nakedness with his trousers stumbled blearily to the table. Elle’dred handed him a bowl of broth and bread.
Hheirdane ate in silence.
Finishing a mouthful, Elle’dred muttered, “I think a bath might be too much trouble to ask for…we’ve been ordered to keep watch. What Taedoran hopes to gain here, I cannot fathom.”
“Re-supply.” Hheirdane answered.
“We don’t need to come to a town for that.”
Hheirdane glanced up at the implied risk presented by their prisoner – his face hardened into a frown as he caught the standing shape of the incarnate, and the wisps of steam that moved from the food it had been given.
“You fed it again.” he said, disapprovingly.
“It was hungry,” Elle’dred answered flatly, “And we have to keep it strong enough to walk. Beside food I’m not giving it anything else – it’s still chained.”
Hheirdane released a frustrated breath.
They both finished their meals in silence. 
Dus woke not long after the two knights had re-donned their respective armours, and reassumed a tired standing on watch; the magus stretched, yawned and blithely ignoring his unclothed state moved over to the table.
“Hmmm, now why couldn’t they have delivered this last night.” he remarked, idly as he ladled a bowl, “I was so damn starving then.”
Syla sat up in her bunk on the far side of the barracks, holding her blankets to her chest over the underclothes she had not shed the night before.
“Morning, sleepy.” Dus jibed, as he moved back over to his own bunk, in full view.
Syla averted her gaze from his bared, trim physique – and repressed a cringe at the somewhat inappropriate flop of his body parts as he dropped back onto his bunk.
In Grgadorn she had had her private quarters, and her encounters with nude men were a thing reserved to those few magus with whom she had pursued intimate relations, however briefly. Repressing her resurgent discomfiture, she stood, and methodically folded the blanket, straightened her sheets and reassumed the comfortable weight of her ebony robes. After tending a few offending knots in her long hair, she bound a ponytail behind her head and turned to the others.
Dus flashed her his distinctive, cavalier grin, as her gaze swept over his sitting form – she regarded his nakedness with an enforced deportment, maintaining her own dignity with simple, unembarrassed acceptance – and a teacher’s disapproving stare.
The thought crossed her mind, she would’ve been grateful if Dus’ physicality were less sculpted or well proportioned; a sarcastic comment about the lack of such qualities might’ve wiped the smile off the battle-magus face – and made her considerably more comfortable.
“Where is Taedoran?” she asked, matter-of-factly.
Dus shrugged, while Elle’dred answered, “He has left on some errand. Whatever he brought us here for, I would guess.” the knight paused, glanced at the naked magus with annoyance, and met Syla’s gaze, “He ordered Hheirdane and I on watch, but I don’t think the order extended to either of you. Though striding naked through the streets might get you in a bit of trouble, Dus.”
Syla allowed a smirk at the comment. 
Dus chuckled, “I’m quite comfortable where I am, thank you.”
“No doubt.” Elle’dred quipped.
Syla repressed the smile, and glanced at the standing figure of the incarnate – any lingering mirth disappeared with the returned seriousness of their circumstances. Syla moved to the door; she needed some time away from their prisoner – she desired an hour of solitude and a bath.
“I will return before nightfall.” she informed the others.

*     *     *

“I understand,” Faldorn stated, “Why you omitted the last verse.”
Phio was a little taken aback.
His aide continued, “I also agree with your decision. The others would’ve found the last verse of the prophecy – well I don’t think we’d be debating how best to prepare the armies now if you had read it aloud.”
“I see, well it seems that I have prepared myself for another argument prematurely,” Phio chuckled, “I had thought that you would want to press the validity of the prophecy in its entirety.”
His aide met him with an earnest expression, “I have been doing some reading – and I have some doubts about the extent of repercussions this act,” he paused, “This act that I forced you into, might have.”
Phio sighed, and moved to the couch where his friend sat, “You did not force me.”
Faldorn shifted restlessly, “If I might ask, what did you do with the last page?”
Phio chuckled sullenly, “These hands have not grown so feeble in their age that I could not remove a page from a book deftly. Although I must admit, defacing a priceless tome caused me no end of grief,” the humour had not shaken the solemnity of his aide’s countenance, “I have hidden the page, somewhere it will not be idly uncovered – and most certainly not without my knowing of it. In any case you were saying something about reservations?”
“The war of men – I do not think we can avoid it,” as Faldorn continued, Phio sighed tiredly, “It may benefit us – though you did not know it, that you have hidden that verse. I think that we may be able to prevent what Thyesmered stated from coming true.”
“Faldorn I have much to do –”
“And I will not bother you with this until I have made a concrete investigation,” Faldorn appeased, “But I think you should be prepared for the idea that there will be some objection – possibly, even violent objection to this prophecy.”
Phio looked at him – Faldorn’s eyes had softened into apology, but the Elder Archivist’s gaze was still irritated and displeased.
“Very well,” he acquiesced, “Continue this investigation. But brief me only when you think you are certain of your findings.” he sighed again, “That you have mentioned the notion of objections – did it not surprise you, as much as I, that Ormus did not protest?”
Faldorn paused for a moment and restrained much of a sardonic laugh, “Small favours.”
Phio smirked, and added grudgingly, “If he is not going to oppose us, then I fear I could and most emphatically should request his assistance in broaching this to the Tribunal.”
Faldorn scoffed.
“We all have to bear our burdens.” the Elder Archivist muttered in embittered mirth.

*     *     *

Syla returned an hour before dusk; she had spent the day, and a portion of her allowance of silver for the mission, in finding a reputable establishment where she had achieved the luxury of a bath.
She had seemed an oddity in her magus robes, and the awkwardness with which she was treated was not something to which she was accustomed – her seclusion at Grgadorn had sheltered her far more than she would like to admit.
Dus was properly attired to greet her, and apparently, the battle-magus and the two knights had spent their day imprisoned in the barracks. The Champion of the Tribunal had still not returned.
His arrival occurred sometime after nightfall.
“We leave tomorrow morning.” he informed them, flatly, after he entered – he smelt vaguely of horse; but Syla couldn’t tell if that was a new smell or an old one.
“Understood.” Both knights returned in acknowledgement.
Their leader threw a disdaining glance at the incarnate, huddled against the wall, sneered and began to disrobe.
“Hheirdane you will take first watch. Elle’dred, second.” he ordered.
Syla caught the half-curbed sigh of exasperation Elle’dred let out. Even to her, the watch seemed unnecessary; although, she was relieved one of the soldiers would be observing their prisoner while she was unconscious – the apprehension elicited by its presence might be something she was now accustomed to, but she did not appreciate it.

Elle’dred disrobed and found his bed, as he had the night before. Hheirdane stood on watch as the others retired.
Elle’dred managed several hours of unconsciousness, before he was woken from a dreamless sleep by his friend. Assuming his loose attire and the watch, he paced a while before the bolted door.
Once the deep steady breaths of his fellow knight reverberated throughout the dormitory, his gaze, however, came to rest on Ayadra. Having almost memorised every groove and grain of the wood of the door, he felt his attention would be better served watching the only potential danger in the room. Reluctantly, he chastised himself for his overt annoyance – the Champion’s order might have seemed prudent, if he had not let his sympathies for the incarnate influence him unduly.
Ayadra was – a helpless creature. That was all he saw while he stared at the black mass of the cloak; despite the menace of the talons above.
Elle’dred sighed.
The starlight outside was brighter this night than the light of the lantern, and it coloured the walls with pale lustre. Only the brief flicker of a shadow disturbed the light; and, at that, only rarely.
An hour passed uneventful, as so many had during the previous day and night.
 – An unfamiliar noise broke through the lulling hum of the river. 
Elle’dred was immediately alert, and moved closer to the door. The soft crunch of gravel underfoot, muffled by the wood, emanated from outside and repeated. The knight tensed in preparation, his hand on the hilt of his sword.
He waited. The footsteps drew nearer the door.
They stopped.
He listened. Moments passed. Long, tense moments.
All he heard was the river.
The muffled roar of the river bathed each second in thrumming melody. The water’s sound echoed; a dull, constant, roar. Slowly, it began to fade.
The sounds of rushing water – so alike the wind through high trees abounding with leaves, faded into a sweet, delicate breeze. The sound flowed through him, filling his weary body. The harmony of the dulcet zephyr soothed his ears, and slowly began to relax his muscles. Beautiful and fragile, the lullaby floated on the periphery of sound. Though, the rush of the river was long lost to its voice.
He lowered his sword, and moved back to the chair – caressed by a peaceful, resounding melody. So comforting, so akin to slumber.
Elle’dred’s eyes closed.

Ayadra dreamt – his mind was awake under the lids of his eyes. Each night, as this night, he saw only darkness, a surrounding shadow that crushed him, on all sides, terrible and nothing and all that he could see. Despair beset him, all which embraced him. Despair and terror.
Every night.
But as the darkness of his dreams pulled him to its deepest heart, this time, it parted – and light shone. Dim and silver, across a woodland floor. A forest of shadow lay around him; trees tall and strong – but all silhouettes against the silver, wavering light. His vision cleared, his fear lifted – above him a moon shone proud and defiant. A silver, glimmering circle, casting all other things to shadow. 
His hands were bound; branches from a tree lashed his wrists. The bindings were too heavy, utterly unbreakable – until the moon called out to him. Free, it whispered, but not in words – the pale light conveyed only meaning on its ghostly breath.
He was not afraid.
He looked down at the darkness around his wrists, and with a simple, gentle, movement he broke the twisted branches apart. Wisps of shadow dissipated in his hands, insubstantial and small. Again the moon called, walk.
Unwittingly, he rose, and moved forwards. The shadows grew high around him; but, as unnatural to him as was the dream – he did not fear them. The trees latched together, and clouded his vision – yet he was not daunted. He wove amidst them, and the branches parted, revealing a door ahead of him. The trees had clustered around it, clinging to its edge in malignant greed. The branches entangled across its face, intent on barring his way.
The moon called open, and the trees shrunk back, their branches recoiled. He reached out and shifted the last of the indelible stems from the door. He opened it, and saw what lay beyond.
A maiden, shimmering in effervescent light stood with her arms wide open. Her body was alike the cascade of a waterfall, a rushing flow moving from her centre to the edges of her being where she was laced in mist. She sang.

Walk with me, your path so long.
Walk with me I’ll see you strong.
Tread the path, of moon and dusk.
Tread the path, or fall to dust.

Her voice, a melodious whisper of water and wind; she sang the verse again, as she danced away, the words in perfect time with each flowing step.
Ayadra walked forward, unafraid, his steps free.

Syla stirred, her eyelids opened. A cold breeze brushed her face, and a loud, grating creak scarred the air above the open roar of the river. The river – it was too loud.
Alarm.
She bolted upright, her blankets shed to the floor by her momentum. Her eyes took a moment to adjust to the darkness as she peered across the room. The door was open – and the incarnate was gone.
Shock. For a moment. Then Syla recover her wits, and saw the knight on watch slumped in the chair amidst the starlight. Finding her feet in a flurry of movement, she rushed to his side – he was still breathing, and she saw no glint of blood or steel. He appeared to be sleeping.
“Elle’dred.” she shouted – surprised at the volume of her own voice.
Taedoran was roused by the sound, he stood in the darkness; Syla could not see his reaction. Hheirdane followed suit a moment after. The lantern was dead; the only light came from the night sky, beyond the doorway.
Elle’dred groaned in front of her.
She focused, murmured and conjured a glaring rune – its argent light filled the barracks and glistened off the weathered skin of the two naked soldiers beside their bunks who had just surmised the circumstances of the situation.
Taedoran glared and moved to the wall where the incarnate had been secured – its shackles hung from the spike affixed to the wood, but the manacles themselves were rent apart. In the pale light of the rune the metal seemed twisted and maimed by a strength, unfathomable.
Ayadra’s strength.
“Elle’dred.” Syla called again.
The knight’s eyes opened, and he managed a groan. Alarm shone in the whites of his eyes. Awareness came back to him in a moment of surprise, and he bolted upright out of the chair, colliding with the magus. The rune was abruptly extinguished in her palm – the barracks returned to darkness, as she stumbled back, against him. Within an instant of reaction, he caught her by the arms before she fell.
“Are you alright?” he asked; his face almost against hers.
“Yes.” she said, pulling from his grasp; she backed a step, conjured another rune and returned the light to the barracks.
“You fell asleep?” Taedoran shouted at the knight.
Dus woke with a start, tried to rise and tumbled out of his bed, sprawling across the floor. His unclothed leg caught in a stubborn ruffle of his blanket.
“No – I –” Elle’dred tried to answer; bewilderment consumed his features.
“It has escaped.” Taedoran growled.
“Enough.” Hheirdane barked, drawing the attention to him as Dus scrambled up off the floor, “The door was opened from the inside. The thing must have done something to us, broken its’ chains – why did none of us wake from its noise?”
Taedoran glared at the Champion of the White Wolf, Hheirdane, and the manacles and turned to his bunk; he barked out a series of orders as he began to clothe himself, “Dus, fire. Syla, track it. Hheirdane, Elle’dred armour and weapons. Now!”
The bare battle-magus knelt to his pack, while the soldiers began to re-assume their clothes, armour and weapons. Dus removed several spare torches, and laid them out across the ground. Syla approached at his side, both to lend the aid of the light and comply with her orders.
Dus glanced at her in the rune-light and flashed a queer – and inappropriate grin, as he removed a small device from his pack. He held it beneath a torch, and with a flick of his fingers, the device – of which, its top two pieces were flint and steel – created a spark that Dus flared into an instant blaze upon the torch head. 
Syla extinguished her rune, as the battle-magus handed her the torch and replaced the device in his pack. He stood beside her, and held another of the torches into the flames of the initial; his skin, riddled with horripilation in the cold air, was cast hellishly red by the crackling firelight. He handed the second torch, and two others unlit to the soldiers.
“Your turn.” he said, blithely to her; and, apparently, noticing his nakedness, moved to his bunk to dress himself.
Syla knew a dozen spells of tracking, but she was at a loss to determine which was best suited to the situation; she ordered her thoughts swiftly and decided. She began to chant the phrases in a low soft tone, and circled her free hand in front of the torch she carried. She finished with a wave over the room. The fires of each torch flickered and sparked; she stifled a heavy breath as the magic took its toll, but forcibly regained herself and said to the cold face of the Champion, “We will see its tracks. If it made any.”
“What if it used its wings?” Elle’dred asked – Syla had overlooked the concern.
Taedoran did not answer the question, instead he turned to her, “Get dressed.”
She handed her torch to Elle’dred, and moved to her bunk; an awkward stretch of time passed as she pulled on her robe – the moments seemed to trespass into frustrating and dangerous length.
The soldiers waited for her outside.

Once both fully clothed magus had joined the party, Taedoran held out his torch and stared at the ground.
Elle’dred did likewise. The light of the flames coloured the dirt in orange hue, but the shadows cast from each small ridge were accentuated – as though a much brighter and oblique light shone upon them. The effect, however, was limited to only a few particular creases. Other crests and furrows cast almost no darkness – untouched by the flame’s light. 
Outlined in stretched borders of shadow the clear indentations of the incarnate’s footprints displayed plainly that their charge had left on foot. 
“Knights, track it.” Taedoran ordered.
The Champion and Sword-bearer of the White Wolf obeyed at once.
Elle’dred followed the footprints, limned in shadow – they turned through the town, to the north. He drew his sword, as did Hheirdane beside him. The cold night air bit at his face as he ran.
He did not know how he had fallen asleep – Ayadra. Their prisoner had done something to him; something unnatural. Hheirdane had been right, and Elle’dred had been a fool.
He focused on the footprints; all that mattered now was finding the incarnate.
Noises from the guardhouse – shouting, broke through the torrential rumble of the river. In the eastern distance of the town, the three torches carried by the two magus and the Champion had joined those that lit the guardhouse, and now moved amidst a growing contingent of guardsmen.
The incarnate’s footsteps wound throughout the town, between the shadow-clad buildings – to the northern postern in the outer wall. The fortified door lay torn from its hinges, half-splintered on the blood-soaked ground – beside the corpses of two guards. A man and a woman sprawled on either side of the postern; their uniforms were darkened by blood, from where the flesh of their throats had once been – tattered skin and slivers of tissue now framed the bared bone of their spines.
Elle’dred paused over the bodies. The stench of blood and flesh tainted the air. Two people were dead.
Rage and fear and confusion. Ayadra had killed two people with those talons; those talons that had been in the same dormitory as the party; and yet, the incarnate had not harmed any of them in his escape, not even Taedoran, his tormentor.
“Elle’dred.” His name was shouted from a distance down the road behind them.
“It has escaped through the northern postern.” he shouted back to the Champion of the Tribunal.
He waited in frustrated tension, as the remainder of their party, the Garrison Commander, and a squad of guardsmen arrived in tumult of grinding gravel.
“Two guards are dead. And the northern postern has been breached.” Elle’dred summed up, flatly. 
The Garrison Commander froze above corpses of her soldiers; her face was pale with shock and anger, “Your prisoner escaped!” she yelled at the Champion of the White Wolf.
He met her eyes; he had given his word the incarnate posed no danger to her town or her men – Ayadra had violated that promise.
“By the right of the Tribunal,” Taedoran ground out with incontestable arrogance, “I charge you and your men with the prisoner’s capture. You will aid us.”
The Garrison Commander glared at him a moment, her eyes dealt the blow she restrained in her gauntleted fist; she turned to one of her guards, “Corporal Harius and Verner, gather the full watch and secure the town. Second squad remain here, hold this entrance. All others with me.”
She turned a hateful glare upon the Champion of the Tribunal, who had begun to move towards the open gateway. Elle’dred met her gaze for a moment, before he moved in behind Taedoran; regret could not return the guardsmen to life.
On the soft ground of the riverbank, the incarnate’s clawed footprints were obvious even without Syla’s spell. Ayadra had run, once he was free of the town.
Elle’dred sprinted ahead of the squad of guardsmen, the two magus and the Garrison Commander; his pace in time with their leader.
Taedoran ground to an abrupt and jarring halt; Elle’dred beside him.
They both saw it. The black silhouette of a figure further up the bank, caught out by the spangled glitter of the starlight on the water.
“Ayadra!” Taedoran shouted, invoking the binding spell. The silhouette did not react.
Taedoran drew his sword and stalked forward.
“Ayadra!” he shouted again. No reaction.
They neared it.
“Ayadra!” Elle’dred growled; his rage manifested.
The silhouette turned as it entered the range of the torchlight – a skull like visage snarled in the flicker of orange and red.
The goblin shrieked and charged. It raised a knife.
Taedoran advanced a step. Side stepped. The foe’s wild stab missed. Taedoran struck. Smashed open the goblin’s head; with the butt of his sword. It reeled to the ground. He stamped his boot. Crushed its jaw. The goblin died with a gurgle. 
Howls.
Shrieks split the cold air of the night, and the distant darkness of the tree line – dozens of grating cries. Recognition transmuted into alarm and crystallised awareness; Elle’dred was glad it was goblin battle-howls that signalled their ambush, rather than the high-pitched whistle of poisoned arrows. 
The guardsmen were ordered to a stop a dozen paces behind them.
Elle’dred turned to the wall of shadow that loomed in the distance; his sword raised for whatever came. Hheirdane stood at his right, Taedoran at his left.
Shapes, sudden and swift, broke through the darkness of the tree line before them; pouring out onto the riverbank, the starlight caught their sallow skin with pale sheen.
“Goblins!” the word was shouted by several guards, and by the Champion of the White Wolf.
Fifteen goblins materialised from the forest.
A thundering of feet spat loose gravel and stones across the riverbank, barely audible above the incessant roar of the water behind him – the goblin battle-cries, which cut above the rumble of the river, intended to frighten, had no effect on the knight.
As ever it did in battle, his heartbeat increased; but, calmly and swiftly, Elle’dred dropped his torch to the ground, stabbed the point of his sword into the soil beside him and freed his bow. Retrieving an arrow from the quiver along his waist, he nocked the shaft and drew back.
The goblins closed, shrieking.
Elle’dred took aim.
Hheirdane’s shaft whistled into the air beside him, accompanied by the twang of his bowstring. A goblin shrieked in pain, cut off by a gurgle, and toppled into a twisting roll across the riverbank.
Elle’dred released his own arrow; another goblin dropped amidst a choking gurgle.
The skull-headed foes shrieked louder; the ululation that flayed the air added to by frenzied grief.
From beside the knight, a half dozen bolts leapt to death-dealing life amidst the resounding twang and thud of the crossbow strings; several found their marks, ending two of the enemies in a cry, and a battering tumble across the riverbank, three others found goblin limbs, reducing their targets to shrieking bodies sprawled across the ground, one missed.
Eight goblins were left, still charging – ten paces away from sword range.
Hheirdane loosed his second shaft; reducing the number of foes to seven.
More cries split the distant wall of darkness – another group of goblins tore out from between the shadows, a half-dozen. Shrieks broke the black canopy of the forest behind them – more foes yet to come.
Elle’dred dropped his bow, and grasped the hilt of his sword. He pulled it free from the bank’s soil, and pointed it towards the approaching enemies.
The first goblin reached the ranks of the soldiers, to his flank – and was impaled on one of the older woman’s pikes. Two foes approached them, the three men isolated and separated ten paces from the main force of guardsmen; Taedoran advanced to greet the goblins.
The lead goblin swung its short blade at the Champion; Taedoran halted – the blade sailed across his chest. An inch out of range. He stepped. Raised his sword. Split rib and lung and muscle with a thrust. His blade drove clean through the overzealous, overcommitted goblin. It spat blood. Taedoran twisted his blade. Bone splinters and tissue were lethally ripped apart.
The goblin died. A savage kick propelled the corpse from his sword.
Elle’dred and Hheirdane had closed to his position; the second goblin only two footfalls behind its fellow. It raised its own blade to hack at the committed body of Taedoran, as he kicked free the corpse of the first foe; the two knights immediately protected his flank.
Hheirdane raised his blade into a block, meeting and halting the goblin’s strike; while in tandem accompaniment, Elle’dred brought his own sword down across the foe’s out-stretched arms, severing the limbs in a spray of night-darkened red, and elegantly inverted the stroke into a rising slash across the goblin’s midsection. 
A spatter of ichor met the Champion of the White Wolf’s face, as the goblin dropped to the ground.
With his sword freed from the impetus of the goblin’s blow, Hheirdane directed the tip into a downward stab, driving his sword in utter finality through the foe’s skull like visage.
Elle’dred turned to view the guards; the Garrison Commander had ordered her men into two lines, with the pikemen in front. The guards had obeyed, but their response had been slow by the knight’s standards, and no small part of the line was composed of half-terrified men and women, unaccustomed to combat. Several were youths, even younger than Elle’dred.
One over-enthused young man had charged – blinded by fear or some misplaced notion of courage – a mere five paces ahead to impale a goblin, and had been stabbed twice by the two poisoned blades of the flanking foes avenging their kinsman. The boy lay choking on his own blood ahead of the contingent’s line. The third casualty of Ayadra’s escape.
Elle’dred ground his teeth. The second wave of enemies was closing on the main force of guardsmen; and a glance up revealed the third wave emerging from the forest only a handful of paces behind. Five further foes.
These headed towards Elle’dred’s isolated group.
“Join the others!” Taedoran bellowed, as he took to a run.
A cry from ahead showed a dead guardsman lain across the riverbank – a sword protruding from her chest, apparently thrown by one of the charging goblins. Her fall had broken the forward line, and distracted a soldier beside her with fear.
An order from the Garrison Commander diverted his attention to the foes once more, accompanied by the crackling roar of fire. A lancing stream of red-orange hue burst from the head of the torch the battle-magus carried, and blazed across the air, above the slain guardsman’s corpse.
The spear of flames raced through the air and splayed across a goblin’s chest; the fire exploded into sudden, terrible ferocity – its roar eclipsing the dying shriek of the goblin. Aflame, the body collapsed to the ground a few feet from the guards.
Three goblins met the line of pikes, two slashed the weapons to the side – one was impaled.
Two guardsmen, unprepared for the manoeuvrability of their foes, were cut apart by the poisoned blades of the goblins. The pikemen’s line was summarily breached.
“Break!” the Garrison Commander’s order dissolved the contingent into melee; although, the guardsmen would have done little else. The commanding woman’s sabre was drawn to life amidst the glow of the torches now littering the riverbank.
Elle’dred, Hheirdane and the Champion of the Tribunal reached the melee, moments after.
The Champion of the White Wolf and the Sword-bearer had entered their element; years of training and fighting alongside one another had joined their movements into a tandem fluidity – where one blocked the other struck, where one baited the other ambushed.
Elle’dred raised his sword into a high parry; Hheirdane sidestepped and drove his sword through the goblin’s flank. As his fellow knight recovered, Elle’dred shoved the body free from the sword into the approach of another foe, as it trampled the body of the guardsmen it had slain.
The goblin paused to avoid the mass of the corpse dropping towards it – the moment of inaction provided ample opening for the knight. Elle’dred appeared beside his foe in a blurring flash of steel; his blow severed its sword-arm and opened its chest. As it dropped with a gurgle, he circled his sword through an arc beside him, and brought the blade down through a lowering stance to bear off the foe’s head.
As he rose, a sudden gust of wind nearly knocked him off his feet. As the rush of air subsided, he caught the end of his friend’s gasp.
Hheirdane lay on the ground; the glisten of a fresh wound sparked starlight off his back.
No foes were in sight; no indication of where the attack had come from was evident.
“Ayadra!” Taedoran’s shout was the only warning he had.
Instinctually, the Champion of the White Wolf lurched forward, diving into a roll. The buffeting force of the wind that burst abruptly above him, and the subtle hiss of a talon rending the air, informed him of the threat. He scrambled to his feet, as he completed the roll; half-crouched, he stared up into the sky.
A shadow moved upon the stars; serpentine, long and sinister, its centre spread outwards into two immense and jagged sails that slashed an eclipse across the lights.
“Ayadra!” Elle’dred shouted, furiously upwards. There was no response.
The silhouette whirled and wheeled amongst the glittering veil of the night. Silently.
Above the screech of blades and goblins around him, Elle’dred perceived the moan of his friend. He hurried to Hheirdane’s side; the wound on his back was superficial, but had the talon that dealt it been an inch to the side it may have gouged open his skull.
Elle’dred bit back a snarl.
“Ayadra!” he cried again at the silhouette. Silence.
Elle’dred looked about for his bow – it lay an impossible distance away, in the open. A quick glance revealed a crossbow some feet away, lying beside a guardsman’s corpse. Elle’dred bolted for it.
A goblin gutted a guardsman, and stepped forwards to meet him; his movement having caught its eye.
It raised a knife to meet his fast approach. He dodged the thrust, grappled its out-stretched arm, and using the impetus he had gained, twisted into a roll across the goblin. His force elegantly transposed to his foe, and hurled the goblin through a wrenching throw onto the ground; Elle’dred’s blade flicked red in the starlight. Crushing the goblin’s wrist with his boot, to pin its weapon, his blade raised and fell into a downward thrust – through the goblin’s throat.
Leaving his sword planted upright in the goblin beside him, Elle’dred retrieved the crossbow and a bolt from the guardsman’s corpse. Winching back the bowstring, he placed the quarrel against the stock, and took aim.
The silhouette of the incarnate whirled above him.
“Ayadra!” he shouted – he had abandoned any hope the name would invoke its power.
The silhouette unleashed a cry, ascended, and then with a clap of its wings, fell – swift and dark, swooping down onto him. In a terrifying second, Ayadra blackened the sky only metres above him. Elle’dred freed the quarrel in a heavy thrum of the bowstring; met an instant after by the thud of the bolt into flesh – and an agonised cry from the incarnate above.
Ayadra’s shape plummeted to the ground; after a moment of unguided flight, his obsidian body struck the riverbank – with a resounding impact. His fall transmuted into a sprawling roll, battering his limp arms, tail and wings. The incarnate came to a rest beside the body of goblin, feet away from the waterline. Only feet away from the knight.
Elle’dred released a gasp of shock.
Ayadra could not be allowed to die. That was his mission.
Yet now, the incarnate lay as still as death, upon the riverbank, his obsidian scales glistening in the starlight.
Elle’dred did not have time for regret; a shape in the corner of eye attracted his full attention – as did the sharp crack of hoof upon rock.
The knight turned to see a creature – that had he not spent his past weeks with Ayadra, he would not have believed was real – approach the guardsmen.
It carried a club, barbed and heavier than any man could bear; its fur-choked chest was broad and carved with muscle, it stood two heads taller than any of the guards, and its head – was that of a bull. Two curving horns menaced its snout that flared with frothing nostrils; its feet were cloven – as the limbs of the animal that possessed its face. It glared outwards with two malevolent eyes and bellowed a ground-rumbling roar laced in spittle.
It approached one of the guardsmen. 
The woman was dragging her sword free of a goblin, and had her back turned to the monster – the incarnate. Of that Elle’dred had no doubt.
The bovine creature raised its mammoth club above its bestial visage, and swung. Down.
The woman was allowed no cry of pain; she died instantly, as the club reduced the bone of her head and chest to splinters amongst ruptured flesh. Her crushed remains fell across the riverbank.
Elle’dred was transfixed by a moment of horror.
The bovine-incarnate raised its club with a terrifying ease, as though the massive weapon weighed naught in its grasp; it advanced a cloven foot towards the next petrified guardsmen.
Two men stood facing the creature, one paralysed in fear. The older of the two summoned what nerve his years of guard duty had granted him, and thrust his sword into his enemy. Whether by the clumsiness of his own hand or by the impossible, inherent toughness of the incarnate’s hide, his blade found the incarnate’s flank, struck and then deviated off – slicing only a shallow gouge in the creature’s flesh.
It freed a snort, marked by a cloud of steam set alight by the fading torches. In the space of a heartbeat, it raised its hand and wrapped its arm around the guardsman’s face. With a slight jerk of its torso, and a sickening snap of bone, the man’s body fell limp against its side. It dropped the corpse to the riverbank.
The younger man, held still by fear, was beset by a goblin and had his throat slit.
Elle’dred stood, horrified and dumb-founded, as the bovine-incarnate turned to face him; its bestial eyes glinted malevolently. Beside Hheirdane, lying in some strange stupor beside him, the Champion of the White Wolf was isolated and alone.
The incarnate waved a goblin away, as it strode towards him.
Elle’dred raised his blade. Horror clenched his gut; he held no illusion he was about to die.
“Dus!” Taedoran’s voice echoed across the riverbank.
Dus shouted an expletive in response – followed by a resurgence of fire. The flame of each torch, and the smouldering corpse of the goblin, tore outwards into racing streams across the ground. Intertwined, in an instant, they snaked between the feet of eight goblins before the foes could move. 
Beyond the inevitable mass of the bull-incarnate, Elle’dred saw Dus clench his fist.
There was an explosion of fire. Heat, and deafening sound, bathed the riverbank. The trails of fire blazed upward, assaulting the night’s sky in both height and illuminating ferocity. The eight goblins were consumed – charred corpses, reduced to unnatural, blackened thinness fell to the ground.
Two other goblins met the edge of the explosion; summarily caught alight, they howled and rushed for the river. As did two unfortunate guardsmen beside them. 
Dus gasped, through a sputter of blood, and toppled to the ground, unmoving. And defenceless. 
The heat and stench of evaporated flesh clung to the air.
The battlefield was stunned, save for the massive incarnate.
The riverbank was illuminated by lingering trails of fire.
The incarnate turned its bestial eyes to the vulnerable body of the battle-magus, and its back to the knight; Syla was nearing Dus’ side. It charged, flagrantly abandoning Elle’dred as a target. Two dozen paces from the magus. 
Elle’dred could not match its preternatural speed, “Taedoran!” he shouted.
The Champion of the Tribunal had already assessed the new threat, and was moving to engage. With the swiftness and accuracy that demanded even Elle’dred’s respect, the soldier slid into a low stance as the incarnate passed him. He lashed out. With his sword.
The blow connected. Gouging a wound into the incarnate’s leg.
It bellowed a roar and halted in a spray of dirt and gravel, and blood. It aimed its malevolent eyes at the Champion of the Tribunal. Its preternatural strength lifted its club in an instant, and then dragged it down with rock-shattering force upon the position Taedoran vacated a moment before.
A life-time’s worth of training could not prepare the Tribunal’s Champion for the second blow; as he turned, levelling his sword, the cloven foot of the incarnate snapped outwards. The kick landed in his belly, and propelled him sprawling to the ground. His sword clattered away from his grasp.
The incarnate turned to the magus. Its leg was hampered by the slightest limp – the only sign of a blow that would have severed a goblin’s similar appendage.
Syla conjured a rune – argent glare lit the river for a moment. The crystal sailed and struck the incarnate across the chest. Its pace was halted by the impact, for a moment.
Desperation claimed Syla’s features; she formed another rune.
Elle’dred watched – and fired a quarrel from his crossbow. The shaft thudded into the incarnate’s back; it unleashed a roar of pain. Elle’dred cocked the bow again, and mounted another bolt on the stock.
A rune struck from the opposite side.
He took aim, and fired. Another quarrel protruded from the incarnate’s back. Rivulets of blood glistened in the firelight. It snorted, fast and shallow into the air. It raised its club.
Three bolts found its chest, rending bone and flesh. One from the Garrison Commander, and two others from surviving guardsmen. They paused to reload.
Elle’dred cocked and unleashed a third. The three guardsmen followed, in sequence.
The incarnate’s laboured breathing crawled out of a throat choked by blood. Its mace fell from its slackening grasp with a thud; it dropped to its knees. Its unfathomable force of life clung yet to its muscles.
Elle’dred lowered his crossbow; the others did not. Three final bolts impacted the incarnate’s neck and head; the ones that finally felled it. Its massive bulk dropped to the ground, dead.
Elle’dred breathed the night air, still warm from Dus’ fires. Still marred by the stench of burnt flesh and fresh blood. The battle was over within minutes, and its cost lay strewn across the riverbank in goblin and guardsmen corpses; while its cause, lay beside the running water behind him.
Elle’dred turned to the small, obsidian body lying along the riverbank – the thing that had provoked this night’s conflict and death. Ten guardsmen were dead; two at the northern postern, and eight on the banks of the Nel’maya river.
And Elle’dred had given his word that Ayadra did not threaten anyone.
Elle’dred had said that he was harmless.
“Syla.” The knight called over his shoulder as he strode towards the incarnate that was their prisoner. He retrieved a torch. Measured steps brought him alongside the sprawled obsidian body, as the magus’ slow footfalls echoed across the dull roar of the river.
Ayadra writhed on the bank and moaned. 
Elle’dred had not killed the incarnate.
Relief.
He held the torch above their prisoner; shadows clung to the shimmer of the darker scales set alight by the fire. The impassive, unmoving bone of its face revealed the two carved holes that held its eyes – they were clenched shut in pain. They did not open. They moved under the lids.
Like dreaming.
Ayadra whimpered, as its hand fell to the broken shaft lodged in its side. It shivered – blood oozed from the wound, coating its scales in vermillion sheen.
Syla drew alongside him; anger was plain amongst her pale features. Her skin was ashen from shock and fear, but slowly flushed with red.
“Wake up.” she growled, as she knelt beside the incarnate, “You sick thing.”
Uncharacteristic of her demeanour – she struck Ayadra’s face. Her solid punch met the black bone. She grimaced, and withdrew her hand; having done no damage to the incarnate. Trembling overcame her momentarily; Elle’dred rested his hand on her shoulder – she shrugged it off, forcefully.
“I am fine.” she hissed – and pulled to the side. She retched.
For a long moment, the stench of the blood coating Elle’dred’s armour and skin – and the death coating the ground around her, freed whatever was left in her stomach. The knight understood; Syla, exclusively amidst their party, had never been in combat – blood and death and bodies were not something to which she was accustomed. Yet steadily, reservedly, she recovered herself, and wiped the offending sickness from her lips. She took a deep breath.
“I’m fine.” she repeated, in a controlled voice.
The steps of a guardsmen approached behind them; Elle’dred turned to the livid countenance of the Garrison Commander. She struck him a blow across the face.
Elle’dred was forced back a small step; he could tell the strike was weakened by what was left of military protocol and respect for his position. He welcomed the blow, however.
“You dared bring this monster into my home! You dared! You dared give me your word! Ten of my guards are dead!” the soldier’s voice assaulted the Champion’s eardrums.
Unresponsively, he waited for her anger to find seething silence.
Meeting her gaze, his ashamed eyes did not waver as he pronounced, “By the right of the Archivists and the Hall of the White Wolf I charge you and your guardsmen with the return and care of this prisoner and our party.”
“I will not allow this thing back into –”
“You have not the right to refuse me.” Elle’dred cut her off, “Unless you propose treason.”
The threat felt distasteful in his mouth; though it was mingled with goblin blood.
Her face hardened, and her hand rose to the hilt of her sabre; after a moment, she ground her jaw and said in tones enforced by a duty she now despised, “Yes, milord.”
Elle’dred took no offence at the disrespect. As the commander stalked off to arrange her three surviving guardsmen, the knight ordered Syla to assist him and he bent down beside Ayadra. The magus hesitated with a disgusted look, before she joined him and hefted the incarnate up between them.
They were both exhausted, and although Ayadra’s body was light, they managed only a slow pace back towards the town.
Two of the guardsmen managed the unconscious body of Dus; the Garrison Commander aided Taedoran, half slung across her shoulders; and the last guard assisted Hheirdane – despite the nature of his wound, his face was transfixed by a blank stupor, and he struggled to achieve any form of motion.
Ayadra’s wound was superficial – but the beast had done something else to the knight.
What it was, Elle’dred could not say, but the dark body beside him, slowly soaking his side with unnatural blood from the quarrel wound he had dealt it elicited only anger.
Ayadra was evil.
It was as indisputable as the lambent rays of the sun that burnt the south-eastern horizon.
 

Chapter 10

But the first mountain had yet to finish. The sand that had been thrown into the river took shape once more. And another heaven began to grow. The first mountain had wanted this, that now things would grow always, until the endless sky was filled. Until land and river and mountain and sea could no longer be told apart. Until everything that could be made had been made. And so the Fourth Heaven was born.

*     *     *

Elle’dred was exhausted; the last of his adrenalin had been depleted by his strained and weary muscles. Their slow return to Endarden concluded at the northern postern, sometime into the morning.
They were greeted by the sight of another battle.
The situation was summed up by guard-captain Gilton, upon their arrival; a small force of goblins had assaulted the breached northern postern a few minutes after the party and the riverbank contingent had left. The second squad had defended the entrance Ayadra had torn open, and repelled the goblins – at a cost of seven casualties. Three other wounded had been taken to the hospice for treatment.
Ayadra’s death toll had increased again.
The Garrison Commander had eyed the knight once more; she seemed ready to strike him again, but she had restrained herself in furious silence. And proper military protocol.
Elle’dred, however, was forced to remind her that he had ordered their party and prisoner be treated for their own injuries. Taedoran, reassigned to a guardsman, remained silent beside him; the man’s gut wounds likely precluded speech, but the knight knew their leader’s temper was mounting alongside the Garrison Commander’s.
Taedoran’s features were as pale from anger as they were from pain.
The Garrison Commander ordered surgeons dispatched from the hospice; and that the watch was to clear a path and cordon off the barrack-house where the party had been quartered.
The long minutes of waiting, amidst the intrusive rumble of the river, were passed by the unbroken stares of the commander and her guardsmen – all locked on the unnatural obsidian body, Elle’dred and Syla shouldered between them.
The knight swept each woman’s and man’s face, as uneasy hands tensed on the hilts and grips of weapons; the Commander’s lack of expression displayed in perfect clarity that she desired nothing more than to tear her sabre from its sheath and drive it through the incarnate – and likely, then the knight beside it, a moment after.
Elle’dred could not blame her.
A runner returned to inform them that the orders had been carried out.
The party, escorted by a group of guards who held a wary distance from the incarnate in their midst, moved at a crawl across the town.
Elle’dred could not count the number of men and women who had seen the prisoner he had been ordered to keep hidden. Their mission had already failed on that count; and might yet fail entirely – Ayadra let out a moan, some distance from the barrack-house. Elle’dred’s side was wet, soaked by a patch of blood that had grown steadily over the morning – Ayadra’s blood.
The incarnate had not regained consciousness; Ayadra’s eyes were locked clenched, seemingly by pain – but movement beneath the lids continued to indicate dreaming. His breaths were deep and steady, though interrupted by groans, as though he were still asleep.
That Ayadra still breathed, Elle’dred was grateful for; the deep dread lingered, that with one loosed quarrel he would have killed their prisoner, failed his duty to the Archivists and doom Ammandorn.
They entered the barracks; five guards had been posted throughout the room, and two surgeons stood awaiting their patients. Both of the old men stared agape; when the incarnate’s obsidian shape was revealed by parting guardsmen.
Taedoran was laid down on a bunk, having lapsed into unconsciousness – his breathing had become dangerously shallow. A surgeon moved to his side, and began to strip his armour.
Hheirdane was placed on the cot nearest to their leader; while the two guardsmen bearing Dus moved towards another bed – and faltered. 
The guard bearing the magus’ left arm abandoned her support – as she, herself, collapsed to the floor.
Her partner growled an invective – silenced sharply by alarm – and the sight of her sudden and violent convulsions. Her fingers were broken by the thrashing of her arms. The second surgeon raced to her side, restrained her, and watched the last seconds of her life expire in froth-mouthed agony.
Goblin poison attributable to her death.
Elle’dred released an angry breath; powerless to do else but bear the incarnate beside him. As two guardsmen carried the woman’s body away, Syla and he moved to and laid Ayadra down on a bunk in the farthest corner of the room.
“Retrieve shackles for our prisoner.” Elle’dred ordered the closest guardsman; the broken manacles, yet dangling from their spike on the wall behind him, seemed to imbue the command with folly.
The soldier hesitated; his gaze fixed on the incarnate.
“Now.” Elle’dred barked.
“Yes, milord.” the man responded.
Elle’dred sighed, and glanced at the incarnate. Ayadra’s eyes still moved beneath his closed lids.
“Syla –”
“I can see its condition.” the magus interposed, in a cold tone; she sat beside the incarnate, “I will inspect it.”
Syla placed her hand across the incarnate’s face, and began to murmur – a long moment passed, before she spoke, “A spell – it is within a dream. It does not comprehend the world around it, it sees only the dream, does what it tells him.”
“Can you free him of it?” – him, the word passed the knight’s notice.
“I can try.”
Elle’dred thought for a moment – a dreaming spell; Ayadra was controlled by a dreaming spell. The knight’s suspicion shouted there could be no other option than their prisoner had cast the spell himself, but reason and caution stayed the angry, unsubstantiated conclusion.
“Could the goblins have cast the spell?” he asked.
“Firstly,” Syla responded, in the categorical tone of a teacher, “This spell is very powerful; no goblin magus could have manipulated magic with such precision. And secondly, the magic could not have been cast over distance. This spell is such that the caster must be in close proximity to the subject. Unless the goblins infiltrated the township, and pressed themselves against the wall…” she cut her own sarcasm off.
Elle’dred was silent; close proximity – he remembered hearing footsteps near the dormitory, moments before he had fallen asleep. Ayadra’s culpability in the night’s events was inextricably placed into doubt; the incarnate may not have acted in his own volition. 
Elle’dred resented that uncertainty as much as he had the incarnate himself moments before.
Syla continued to murmur at Ayadra’s side. His quarrel-wound still bled; he moaned.
Elle’dred moved to retrieve bandages and salves, from the surgeons’ stores; as he returned, he knelt beside the magus – Syla gasped, and fell to her side. Dropping the medical supplies, he attempted to catch her. But she arrested her own fall, bracing herself on a tremulous arm. 
She waved his assistance away.
“I am alright.” she said, through a heavy breath, “I did not free Ayadra from the spell – it ended a moment ago. It was more powerful than I had thought.” she paused, steadied herself, and stood, “You can wake the thing, now.”
She eased her weary legs over to the cot supporting Dus, and slumped at his side. Streaks of blood marred his lips and jaw, from his nose and mouth; his magic on the riverbank had taken an obvious toll on his body.
Elle’dred glanced over to Hheirdane; a surgeon had removed his armour and was inspecting the wound on his back – the Sword-Bearer’s face was still locked in a disturbing blankness. Ayadra had dealt Hheirdane’s wound, with his talon.
The Champion of the White Wolf returned his attention to their prisoner; he picked up the bandages, and moved to tend the quarrel injury. The broken shaft protruded from the incarnate’s side, the head imbedded in the flesh of his abdomen – the bulge beneath the scales evidenced the bolt had slid and stopped amidst the flesh. By its angle, Elle’dred judged it had been a poor shot.
A very poor shot. He had nearly missed the incarnate.
For a brief moment, he was almost annoyed his aim had been so inaccurate – Ayadra had not been a difficult target. The annoyance however was swiftly overcome by relief and the realisation that, barring infection, the wound would not be lethal if properly attended.
Ayadra’s eye opened.
Elle’dred was seized by alarm – his hand almost fell to his sword. But the incarnate’s eye clenched shut again, in obvious pain; and a grimace twisted his scaled jaw beneath the rim of the bone mask. Ayadra shifted weakly, emitted a quiet moan, and raised his hand to his side.
The dark blade of his talon gleamed malevolently in the morning’s light.
Elle’dred could not repress a pang of revulsion, yet he reached out and stopped Ayadra’s hand. He would have preferred the incarnate to have been chained before he woke. Admittedly, though, he wondered what good it would do. Ayadra had torn open his manacles and collar the night before – no chains seemed adequate to restrain him.
Elle’dred hoped the pain of his wound would suffice; if not, Ayadra might yet tear his throat out and bolt for the open door. If Ayadra was responsible for his escape.
At the knight’s touch, the incarnate stilled, and forced open his facing eye – Elle’dred saw the fear in the abyssal orb as clear as the first time Ayadra had lain bleeding before him; this time, the fear was accompanied by confusion. For a moment the incarnate looked up at him in terrified confusion.
Ayadra opened his mouth – the beginning of a word formed in his throat.
“Quiet.” Elle’dred snapped – Ayadra flinched in fear; he paused, “I won’t make the same mistake twice. Ayadra.”
A flinch. Ayadra closed his eye.
“I have to tend your wound.” Elle’dred explained, flatly, as he moved Ayadra’s scythe like hand away from the bolt – the incarnate offered no resistance. The knight gripped the remnant of the quarrel – Ayadra flinched, as it moved slightly in the wound. He remained silent.
Elle’dred braced the incarnate’s belly with his free hand – Ayadra’s teeth clicked underneath the scaled lips of his jaw. The knight paused – for a moment the sound seemed to herald teeth grinding in anger, but he realised by the tensing of Ayadra’s body, that the incarnate was merely preparing for pain. With the swiftest motion he could manage, Elle’dred pulled the shaft free of the incarnate’s side.
Ayadra winced through a spasm, his teeth ground, and a groan filled his throat – but his clenched jaw and eyelid stifled the sound. 
Elle’dred placed the quarrel head on the floor, as he braced the resurgent bleeding of the wound with his other hand.
Quick breaths whistled through the hollows of the bone that encapsulated the incarnate’s nostrils, fast and shallow, but he did not move, did not resist his guard. He only lay. In pain. In silence. Slowly, his muscles and breathing eased – he could not suppress a shudder.
Ayadra’s quarrel wound continued to bleed.
Cautery seemed an immediate solution, and the safest to prevent further blood-loss and infection; but the Champion of the White Wolf had seen Ayadra’s flesh unharmed by the searing metal of a brand. The incarnate’s flesh did not burn. As such, sutures would be required.
He shouted for one of the surgeons to attend their prisoner.
Some moments after, escorted by a guard, the man approached – he stared in obvious trepidation at the obsidian monster lying on the bed, next to a soaked patch of its blood.
“Our prisoner’s flesh cannot be cauterised.” the knight informed.
The surgeon stood bewildered.
“Do your duty, or I will have you charged with treason.” for the second time, the threat slipped from his lips far too easily.
The surgeon took a long moment to register the knight’s words, but then retreated to his supplies and returned with a curved needle and thread. Ever hesitantly, and restraining an obvious tremble of anxiety, the old man proceeded to clean the wound and apply the sutures.
Ayadra remained motionless throughout the procedure – even as the needle entered his flesh – save only for his fast, shallow breathing. And the half-concealed grimace of his jaw beneath the rim of the bone.
Once the surgeon was finished, he cleaned the wound once more, smeared a salve over the injury, and paused to assess the bandaging required. It was obvious to Elle’dred, the old man would have to move considerably closer to the incarnate, and shift Ayadra’s position to apply the bandaging – and that he was palpably overwhelmed by the task.
With a sigh, Elle’dred took the roll of cloth from the surgeon; old eyes flashed tacit gratitude to him, as the man retreated to the entrance of the dormitory. Elle’dred bent down to the incarnate – he caught the sounds of the surgeon retching outside.
Ayadra lay still, save for a sporadic shudder; tensed in pain.
“Sit up, Ayadra.” Elle’dred ordered.
The incarnate flinched, but immediately began to move; despite the obvious pain, which threatened Elle’dred’s resolve, Ayadra obeyed. The incarnate shifted into a sitting position.
He made no sound; nor any other movement. He did not meet Elle’dred’s eyes.
Elle’dred proceeded to wrap the bandaging around the narrow abdomen of the incarnate; navigating it between the cape of his wings, over the smaller dorsal spines and leathery skin, and around his back.
Much closer to the incarnate, Elle’dred now noticed all the other minor injuries that had breached the pattern of Ayadra’s scales; small gashes and cuts, on his legs, his arms, his chest, his penis.
As before he had escaped, and caused the deaths of eighteen guards, two by his own hand, Ayadra sat before his captor, compliant, afraid and naked. He seemed again, nothing more than a weak, defenceless animal, at Elle’dred’s mercy.
It was impossible the creature before him had meant the harm he had caused only hours before. 
– It was a ruse. His suspicion warned him. 
Ayadra knew he was injured, and outnumbered by armed men – he was trying to gain sympathy, for the same reasons he had before. And then he would kill more people.
Elle’dred doubted that; he doubted the incarnate was responsible for its escape; he doubted that it was innocent; he doubted every thought he had. He was still angry.
The guardsman he had dispatched earlier to obtain shackles, returned some moments after he had finished bandaging Ayadra. 
“Milord.” the soldier addressed him, as he proffered the restraints.
“Thank you.” Elle’dred said; and held the manacles for a moment. He reached down and grasped the incarnate’s wrists; asides from a responsive flinch at his touch, Ayadra offered no resistance. The scythe-like blades that had slain two people did not move.
Elle’dred clamped the manacles shut around the incarnate’s arms; the bulbous locks clicked into place. The shackles heavy, iron weight came to rest on Ayadra’s lap.
For a brief moment, Elle’dred recalled his pity, but it faded quickly.

*     *     *

The day had passed. Ayadra lay on his bunk in pain, in silence. He had been permitted that by his guard.
He had turned his head away from the view of the barrack-house; too many eyes watched him or threw glances at him – hateful, angry glances. He had closed his eyes. He felt them even with his eyes closed.
His guards, all of his guards, were angry. Even Elle’dred. Punishment was restrained in every gaze.
Confusion and uncertainty dogged him.
He had no recollection of what had happened – he remembered the night before, he had fallen asleep chained to the wall. He remembered a dream; the moon, the maiden, the shadows. Then there was darkness. And then he had woken up on a cot, with the pain of an arrow in his side, and bruised in every area of his body – scared and confused. And naked, before too many angry guards.
Elle’dred had been angry at him. 
– What had he done?
His side ironically hurt the least; a tingling sensation effaced the worst of the wound, but every joint and muscle screamed with soreness whenever he moved – every inch of him felt as bruised as his arm and wrist had been the day before. 
– The pain was bearable. If only barely.
The hours passed, and he lay unmoving on the cot; it was all he could do to avoid offending his guards. Offending them further. The pang of hunger was lost amidst the aching of his bruises, but the gurgle of his stomach was not. He cringed.
Elle’dred said nothing. He was glad when the knight did not move.
He wished for sleep – but no somnolence could overcome the discomfort of his injuries. 
Night came. He was not permitted a blanket; the cold induced shivers – which stimulated the bruises. Incessantly. The long hours dragged by. 
Near dawn, he needed to relieve himself; but he was too afraid of provoking his guard to move or request use of the chamber pot that still rested beneath the broken manacles – his manacles.
He did not remember them being broken. He did not remember breaking them. 
– What had he done?
The morning grew; and brought with it some warmth. The day crept by, through fear and confusion unalleviated alike his bowels.
His stomach groaned more than once; each time he cringed at the unwanted sound. Each time no punishment was given, nor was any food – he was allowed a bowl of water.
Towards afternoon, he heard movement from across the barracks. The creak of a bed frame, and the thud of feet landing on the floorboards – he heard Taedoran’s voice. 
– Fear.
Taedoran was angry. Terror.
There was movement some distance behind him; words were exchanged by Taedoran – with Elle’dred. 
“…it is recovering,” Elle’dred, “…you need rest…”
“I am recovered.” Taedoran. Then silence.
Ayadra cringed.
Elle’dred’s hesitant footsteps move to the other side of the dormitory.
– Taedoran’s did not. Taedoran’s approached.
Swiftly.
Fear –
Pain exploded across his back, as the sudden, savage force imparted there wrenched his body through a propelled tumble off the bed onto the floor. Every bruise twisted into culminant agony.
Ayadra cried out. 
In a moment of blindness and pain, he fouled himself. The sticky warmth of faeces spilled across the aching of his legs and tail.
“Taedoran!” Elle’dred exclaimed, somewhere in the haze of agony.
As Ayadra’s vision cleared, his worst guard stood over him – and placed a kick into his vulnerable belly. A burst of shock erupted into his chest – from his quarrel-wound – as the wind was driven from his lungs. He could not breathe. His muscles quivered beyond control. Whether his sphincter was shut he could not feel; there was a stench. All too familiar.
– Another kick landed, in his ribs. In his groin. In his belly, again.
Above him, his guard roared.
Pain annulled his sense for longer than he knew. Moments bled by, masked by white agony. When, finally the ringing stopped and he returned to a semblance of perception, he was forced to clench his eyes and jaw shut. Even the grimace could not stifle a groan.
He could not see. He tasted blood – he had inadvertently bitten his tongue. The reek of foulness, excrement caught his nose; but his battered muscles disguised its touch on his scales. He could hear all too clearly.
“Get out of my way, knight.” Taedoran’s voice was further away.
“You can’t injure him further!” Elle’dred shouted – the knight stood above him.
Instinct impelled him into an attempt to curl up – but his quarrel wound objected fiercely. His testicles stabbed throbbing knives up through his belly, in chorus with the sharp aches of his muscles; weakly, beyond volition, his hand moved down to cradle his vulnerability. He could not breathe.
He needed to breathe. 
“He is wounded and bound. And he is of no further threat.”
“Get out of my way!”
Ayadra managed a gasp of air – and as violently, coughed it back out. He managed another.
A gasp. Shudders. Fear. He knew already that his breathing was too loud, and the fact that he had released faeces over himself and the floor would provoke offense – as it had before. In his cell.
“You cannot injure Ayadra further.” – Elle’dred.
Silence. A long silence.
A gasp; air. Stench. Another gasp. The pain began to subside; it was bearable again – clenched teeth and air could bear it. His eyes opened.
“Get out of my way, knight.” the words were ground out, hard; a long silence passed, “Now. Or I will consider your disobedience criminal.”
“You cannot harm –”
“I will not.” a flat, even voice, laced in rage – Ayadra knew that voice.
A moment of hesitation passed between the man above him and his primary guard, who stood several steps away. Ayadra hoped desperately that Elle’dred would not move – a plea was lost in the silence that he could never break.
The knight moved away, leaving him before Taedoran. His primary guard strode forward, steadily – and closed the distance.
Panic. His heart raced, but its effort was lost amidst too much bruising.
All he could do was shut his eyes again, and brace for another beating – or for whatever else came.
Taedoran came to a stop beside him – his primary guard’s hard boots stopped scarce an inch from his bone-clad face. The man paused, above him. He repressed a groan. His primary guard knelt down, and reached out a hand. 
He flinched – but Taedoran only grasped his chains.
He lay as still as he could, he tried to quieten his breathing.
His guard grabbed his arm – and hauled him to his feet.
“Stand.” – The order was hissed into his face.
He obeyed. Dread and terror overcame the aches and the stiffness; fear braced his weak, fouled legs from folding. He quivered. He stood. He waited.
He stared at the ground.
Taedoran turned away, to one of the guardsmen.
“Hand me the prisoner’s cloak.” Taedoran’s voice was measured, and flat.
The guardsman complied, after a pause; her boots rasped across the wood of the floor as she strode away, then turned and approached. Ayadra stared at the wood beneath him.
The guardsman handed the cloak to Taedoran.
He flinched, as the familiar weight of the black material was draped over him, and the cowl was drawn up and over his head. The black material effaced all sight – once more, he was trapped in darkness. 
The stench of his excrement coalesced amidst the folds of his cloak; its fouling stickiness coated his legs. The smell – that smell, filled his world. Again.
“Guardsmen, you will surround us.” a pause; a thrum of shuffling feet, “You. Clear a path to the blacksmith’s.”
“What are you doing?” Elle’dred’s voice came from beyond the darkness, confused and sharp.
“I intend it no harm.” Cold, flat, malevolent.
The rumble of movement began all around him, eliciting a start; myriad plated boots resounded across the wooden floor of the barracks, and from the gravel outside.
“Walk.” the order was hissed through the obscurement, and followed by a yank on his chains.
Ayadra forced his legs into motion. Stiffly, awkwardly. Every step wrenched his bruising. Every fast, restricted step. He bit the pain back – bit until his lip bled, but already he could not maintain the pace set by his guard.
“Clean that up.” Taedoran hissed to someone within the dormitory.
They crossed the boundary of the doorway; wood changed to the sharp unevenness of gravel. It crunched, unseen, beneath his feet.
“Move.” Taedoran bellowed the order into the air in front of him – the boots around him began to move.
A guardsman’s voice began, “Milord, we have ord–”
“Obey my command or be guilty of treason.”
The boots continued to move, all around.
Ayadra stumbled behind his primary guard. He could not match the pace that was set for him, however much he tried. His muscles, taxed beyond the brink of his endurance by distress, began to seize up. They clenched with soreness. 
– He stumbled. Once. Twice. 
He fell.
He dangled by his chains, from his captor’s unyielding grip.
“Walk!” Taedoran shouted, “Walk, Ayadra!”
A flinch – he knew another blow would fall soon.
He tried to stand. His muscles could not comply.
A snarl of pure rage filled the darkness above him. His arms were wrenched, pulled by the manacles at his wrists – he began to move, though no longer of his own volition. Wrapped in the folds of his cloak, he was dragged behind his primary guard by his chains, and surrounded by the marching of other men. He tried to find his feet – he managed a step, once. He fell again. Another step regained, followed by another. He tripped on a stone.
He fell. 
This time however, his legs and waist slipped out from the folds of the cloak – the warm spring air grazed his skin and brought a sudden coolness to the layer of grime left by his faeces.
A shriek. 
Somewhere is the distance to his right. A woman’s shriek.
The marching around him stopped. Another snarl ripped through the air above him. He was dropped to the ground, for a moment. He braced for pain. But none came; Taedoran merely shifted the cloak to cover his fouled, obsidian legs.
His arms were wrenched upwards, again; and he was dragged ahead.
Pain and fear eclipsed time. Distance and sight, lost amidst the suffocating darkness of his cowl.
Something changed – 
The air grew closer – he could feel the entrapment of walls around him. They had entered a building, he knew.
The guardsmen stopped outside, the crunching of gravel beneath their boots dwindled into silence behind him, but Taedoran continued to drag him on. His primary guard had spoken of a blacksmith’s – Ayadra knew the word, though how he understood it eluded him.
Taedoran halted, and he came to a rest – he felt the hard presence of a wall beside him.
“The mallet and a spike.”
Ayadra repressed a wince.
A short pause followed the order, before the sound of a guardsman’s feet complied. The mallet and the spike were handed to his primary guard beyond the black obscurement of his cowl.
A savage tug on his chains wrenched his arms up, out of the cloak.
– Crack.
Screech. Groan.
The mallet pounded the spike into the wall above him, through a link in his chains. He was being restrained again. Terror. Crack. The mallet struck. A jolt of panic. Crack. The mallet struck. A start; fear. Crack. Again. Fear. Crack. Again. Ayadra started at each strike until, sharply – 
– They stopped. Taedoran moved away.
In the darkness of his cowl, amidst the smell that coated him, Ayadra waited.
Taedoran approached.
– Violence. 
Daylight glared sharp and blinding, as he was dragged into movement. His cloak was ripped off with a single tug – out from underneath him – the material’s friction dragged him away from the wall, against his manacles. The affixed restraints clung to his wrists, and pulled at his arms. In the moment that followed, he lay dangling; he did not dare move back to the wall. His eyes adjusted to the light; the afternoon’s air stung his wet legs and tail. 
He lay naked, vulnerable, exposed.
Taedoran stood over him, framed by the glare of the doorway, “Look at me Ayadra.”
He did not. Terror and confusion prevented it.
“Look at me!”
The mallet smashed into the wall – beside his hand. Ayadra recoiled – his eyes snapped open, and turned up, into the face of his guard. Taedoran’s features were hard and cold; his eyes glittered with the violence that tensed his hand around the hilt of the mallet.
“You will watch, Ayadra, or I will bash your skull in.”
Crack. The mallet struck the wall – an inch from his hand. 
Ayadra started, he dared not close his eyes. He did not want to die.
The entrance to the blacksmith’s was barred by a cordon of guards, but they parted momentarily to allow the Champion of the White Wolf past. The knight entered the closeness of the blacksmith’s, behind his primary guard; Ayadra’s terrified eyes darted to meet the man’s bewildered gaze, for a moment.
“What are you doing?” Elle’dred barked.
Taedoran turned, “Do you have the key to its manacles?”
Elle’dred stared uncomprehendingly.
“Do you have the key, knight?”
Elle’dred glared through a half shake of his head, “You cannot harm him.” 
“I will not.” Taedoran paused, “Do you have the key?”
Elle’dred reached a hesitant hand into the pocket of his trousers.
“Give it to me.”
The key was handed to his primary guard.
Ayadra watched. He shivered. He flinched as Taedoran turned again to him, and met his gaze. His primary guard’s eyes glared down onto his battered form – malevolent, powerful, without mercy. Taedoran’s features lightened for a moment; his facial muscles eased, into what was almost a smile.
Ayadra watched.
Taedoran surveyed the wall on the far side of the building – other sets of shackles hung from a rack a few feet away. His primary guard strode over to a bracket and paused. For a few moments Taedoran stood eyeing a set of manacles and a heavy collar, all bound together by chains. Steadily, he reached out and unhooked the restraints.
Taedoran turned and moved steadily back to the bewildered knight, and the furnace that lay a few steps beside him. A deep crucible; waves of heat floated upwards from its rim, disturbing the air.
Slowly, carefully, Taedoran dangled the iron manacles and collar over the rim into the furnace, by their interlinking chains. The restraints rested amidst the incandescent heat of the coals. Taedoran paused.
Ayadra watched.
“What are you doing?” Elle’dred asked.
“I am punishing it.”
Elle’dred was overtaken by shock. 
Ayadra had already comprehended. Despite his fear – because of his fear. He stared at the chains suspended into the forge. He was powerless. Defenceless. Restrained. And he could already feel the heat –
Panic returned.
“You can’t do this.” Elle’dred snapped to his primary guard – weakly.
“It will cause it no harm. And it will demonstrate why it should never have tried to escape.”
Elle’dred’s fist clenched at his waist, beside the hilt of his sword – and released. The knight turned a pitying look on him.
Ayadra met his gaze – a plea welled in desperate tears –
Please. Elle’dred please. He begged the knight –
Elle’dred turned away.
A cry. 
Manically, Ayadra pulled at his chains. Against his exhaustion, his injuries, he pulled and pulled. Panic overwhelmed him. He pulled. Again. Again. Again. 
The spike was unmoved.
– He was too weak. He could barely move his arms.
He collapsed against the obdurate pull of his chains; helpless, terrified, alone, he was reduced to sobs. 
He looked down.
“You will watch!” Taedoran shouted above him – his guard raised the hammer.
A surge of terror dragged his head up with a cry.
Elle’dred disappeared behind the wall of guardsmen. 
Ayadra watched.
Taedoran stood beside the furnace, dangling the manacles and collar into the coals. The man waited, as the heat of the crucible was imparted into the metal of the restraints. Taedoran watched him with a stare that promised violence; if for one moment he looked away from the chains dangling over the edge of the furnace, his guard would bring the mallet to bear.
The minutes dragged by. 
Finally, Taedoran looked down into the furnace, and smiled. His primary guard lifted the shackles carefully from the crucible – the manacles and collar glowed incandescent with heat; a corona of blurred air surrounded the metal rings.
Taedoran moved a step over to the blacksmith’s anvil, and laid the shackles on it. His guard placed the mallet down beside the glowing metal, and unhooked a pair of thongs – hung from a bracket on the anvil’s side.
Taedoran turned to him, and approached. The man retrieved the key to his restraints.
Taedoran stood over him and began to unlock his manacles; his guard grasped his wrist with his free hand. The key was turned in the second lock, and the last manacle fell free of Ayadra’s arm.
He struggled then, suddenly and desperately; what little movement he could force from his aching muscles, he did. Panic tried against himself to wrest his scaled appendage from his captor.
He failed.
The Champion’s grip was as unbreakable as iron.
Still, he struggled, wildly – he managed a kick – it met his captor’s shin.
Taedoran snarled.
Ayadra’s arm was wrenched up, and twisted out behind him. Bruises. Contortion. He cried. Still, he struggled –
Crack. 
His guard dealt a blow across the bone of his face with the thongs; his head snapped to the side from its force – his senses occluded, instantly, by a daze. Any control of his body that remained was bashed from his skull. His guard released his arm, and he dropped to the ground.
He lay limply, helplessly.
– Pain.
A scream tore from his throat.
– As an incandescent manacle was thrust onto the naked skin of his wrist. And closed around it. He screamed. And writhed. Plumes of fire erupted from the black sheen of his scales, surrounding the glowing metal; the inexplicable flames born from his flesh crackled and spurted, and accompanied his screams. 
His guard pressed the second manacle around his other wrist.
And enclosed his neck in the searing red glow of the collar.
He screamed.
He screamed.
He screamed. And Taedoran watched.

*     *     *
 
Phio walked the long corridors of his home. The halls were empty – the usual bustle of activity that swept through their recesses was sedated. The archivists that would otherwise frequent the corridors were absent – and the solitude of his trek had bothered him. The journey had taken longer than he had thought; although, he knew quite well that his reluctance had reduced his pace to a leisurely stroll. He much rather preferred to procrastinate – as the anticipation of the encounter conjured very few emotions he appreciated.
The corridor curved, and he found himself staring at a small door on his left. Phio grasped the metal knocker and tapped it against the veneered wood.
“Enter.” a muffled voice from inside replied. 
Phio did as the voice permitted and faced his rival – the Elder Archivist sat at his desk on the far side of the room, bent over a parchment with quill in hand.
Ormus eyed him coldly for a moment, and scrawled a last few words as he spoke, “Good Afternoon, Elder Archivist Phio.”
“Ormus,” Phio returned; the older man set the quill to its inkpot, and waited in silence – prompting him to continue, “As neither of us feels any necessity for further pleasantries, I will continue to the purpose of my visit. I came to enquire why you did not object formally to the decision of the Assembly.”
Ormus paused for a moment, before, impassively, stating, “The time for petty jealousy is over. While it may be true that I covet your persuasiveness with the Assembly, and I have often thought I was required to temper your audacity with reason – that time is over. Ammandorn faces a threat, and I intend to defend her.”
The sincerity of his words struck Phio, “Then you will not contest the Assembly’s decision?”
Ormus met his gaze, unfalteringly, “The Tome of Acrius and the prophecies contained therein are the weapons by which we will win this war.” he paused, “But the way you introduced them into the Assembly, and the neglect you showed to the Triumvirate in overriding our counsel were wrong, and I would dare say illegal.” he loosed a disappointed sigh, “However, as your pertinacity in challenging the laws has not, as of yet, resulted in a formal censure being brought against you, I will not be the one to challenge that precedence. Is that all you required?”
“No.” Phio answered; he paused – mildly stunned by the frankness of the man’s response, “I am afraid that as you are not going to oppose me, I am forced to ask a favour of you.”
“Oh?”
“I require your help in persuading the Tribunal to accept our decision.” he sighed, and motioned to a seat; Ormus nodded in consent, “The Magus, undoubtedly, will see this as an attack on their laws and their authority – they will likely resist the Assembly with every formal avenue available to them…they may even resort to non-bureaucratic opposition.”
“Perhaps,” Ormus agreed, but pronounced, “The Tribunal will do as they see fit – I see no purpose in conjecturing on their response.” 
Phio paused, before he asked, “So you will assist me then?”
Ormus allowed a drawn-out silence to linger over the room, as he considered the matter, “I will help you.” he answered, “But you must be certain of my motivations – I do this, not in any good-faith or for continued amity with you, but because the land requires it.”
Phio sighed in relief, “I understand.”

*     *     *

Ayadra moaned. The low gurgle was all he could manage. The rawness of his throat allowed him nothing more. He had screamed until his voice gave out. For hours. 
His hands and throat stung unbearably. The mercy of destroyed flesh was a mercy he was not privy to; his scales were intact, his flesh was undamaged. But they remembered the pain, of hours of burning.
The manacles and the collar had cooled; the metal was still warm – it rubbed against the soreness of his skin. He had torn the sutures of his wound, due to his thrashing; it had seeped blood beneath the bandages. His wild spasms had wrenched his muscles; and he had voided his bowels until they were empty. Urine and excrement coated his legs, and groin, and tail.
He had bitten his tongue badly during the hours; blood had crusted across his jaw.
And tears had dried across the bone of his face.   
Now he lay still.
All he could do was breathe. All he wanted was to breathe.
His mind was numb, as empty as his bowels. He could not fathom thought, or feeling. His senses registered his surroundings fully; his eyes remained open involuntarily. Closing them would do no good now, anyway.
His primary guard stood over him, beside the furnace.
The man watched him, silently. Unmoving. The cordon of guards remained outside the entrance, barring the way into the blacksmith’s. They, like Taedoran, had waited through the hours of torture.
At some point, he had wanted to die – but he hadn’t. He did not want to die. He wanted to breathe; he wanted the air. It was cool.
Ayadra lay prostrate and unmoving, before his captor, save for the small expansion and collapse of his chest. His mouth hung open in the dirt, as he breathed; his right eye was turned up towards his primary guard, his left saw only darkness. He breathed.
Taedoran watched him for a moment then knelt down beside him.
Ayadra did not cringe.
His primary guard released a breath, and inhaled through his nose. His features twisted into a grimace.
“You are disgusting.” Taedoran muttered, “You deserve this, Ayadra. In fact, you deserve far worse. You are lucky I cannot kill you, Ayadra – you should be dead. Eighteen guards died because of you. Because you thought to escape. Ayadra.”
Taedoran stood.
“You can’t escape, Ayadra. If you try again, you will suffer this, Ayadra. Do you understand, Ayadra?”
He paused; waiting for a reply. Ayadra moaned, quietly.
“Do you understand?” Taedoran growled.
Fear.
Ayadra answered with a louder, frail moan; it was all he could manage.
Taedoran sighed, “Good.”

*     *     *

Elle’dred waited in the barrack-house. Hours had passed and the day was drawing to an end. Dus had yet to wake, and Syla had assumed a vigilant place by his side; evidently, the magus had had more experience with such a condition than the surgeons of the town. One incident when she was sixteen; and she had been relieved shortly by a magus nurse thereafter. 
Hheirdane had seemed recovered from the strange stupor that had forced the surgeons to sedate him the day before; his memory of the night and day seemed unaffected, but Elle’dred had not had the time to question him fully. 
The town had been forced into a curfew, due to the deliberate exposure of their prisoner to a citizen. The woman had been hysterical, and had riled up a crowd.
The Garrison Commander had been infuriated, and the Champion of the White Wolf had been relegated the duty of diplomacy. He had not had the patience for it; for the third time in too few days, he had exerted his incontestable authority as the leader of the White Wolf Hall.
The town had then been placed under a curfew, leaving the people of Endarden to while away the last hours of the day locked in their homes. It was not fair; but then, neither were the events responsible for it.
It had been hours.
Taedoran – and Ayadra had not returned from the blacksmith’s.
Elle’dred wasn’t angry anymore.
He waited.
The sound of a small squad of guardsmen emanated from outside; the susurration of crunching gravel approached and halted at the open entrance.
The guardsmen stopped, but Taedoran continued on into the building – towing the limp body of the incarnate behind him.
Ayadra’s head lolled against his arm. His eyes were open.
Steadily, the Champion of the Tribunal dragged their prisoner to the wall, where the first set of shackles dangled uselessly. The man hauled the new chains up, against the wall, and fastened them to the wood as he had before.
Ayadra hung limply beneath him, loosely wrapped in his cloak.
Taedoran removed the garment, folded it and moved over to one of the stationed guardsmen.
Addressing the man, he gave the orders, “Call a surgeon, and have this washed.”
“Yes, milord.” The guardsman took the cloak and hurried off to carry out his tasks.
Taedoran moved over to the supplies deposited against the wall since the day before; amongst the remains of food, medicinal equipment and spare clothing, there was a pail filled with clean water and several towels alongside. He retrieved one, and brought it and the pail over to Elle’dred.
“The thing is filthy,” he said, “Clean it up, knight.”
The order was demeaning; Elle’dred didn’t care. He took the towel from the Champion’s grasp, and lifted the pail. 
His gaze swept around the barracks until it found the incarnate again.
Ayadra had not moved. He breathed. But that was all. His mouth hung limply open, as he dangled from the manacles at his wrists. He lay, naked, small and lifeless.
Elle’dred move to and knelt down at his side; he could smell the foulness that coated Ayadra’s legs. Flecks of brown, had crusted on the dark scales of his thighs. The bandage on his side was stained with a large patch of red. Frustration flared, but Elle’dred did not have the heart to pursue an argument.
He should have done that, hours ago.
Hesitantly, he shifted Ayadra; propping the incarnate’s back against the wall and splaying open his limp legs to clear the areas for cleaning.
The knight dipped the cloth into the water and began to wipe the dried excrement from the obsidian-scaled appendages, Ayadra’s anus and genitals. Some of the brown matter had even strayed up onto his hips, and waist, and his back.
Ayadra had rolled in his faeces, during his – punishment. Elle’dred harboured no notion that the incarnate had been aware of what he was doing.
He rinsed the towel several times; and wiped down the fouled areas, and the scales nearby that looked clean. Ayadra was covered in his own excrement; it was not his fault. Any more than his escape had been.
The surgeon arrived, and stood behind him, awaiting the end of the procedure. Elle’dred could hear the old man’s nervous breathing; but he had little sympathy left for anxiety.
His attention could not be drawn from their prisoner.
After he had cleaned the incarnate’s lower half, he paused for a moment to look at Ayadra. He noticed the crusting of dirt that edged Ayadra’s open mouth, and the noticeable dryness of his tongue. Rising, he held back the surgeon with a slack gesture, and moved to obtain another towel and his water skin.
He dampened the towel, and stoppered the bladder, before kneeling beside the incarnate once more. Gently, he wiped the dirt from Ayadra’s lips – the dark stain that came away with the towel, showed more than dirt had crusted on Ayadra’s jaw. Slowly, Elle’dred removed the dried blood as best he could, and set aside the towel. He unstopped the water skin and offered it to the incarnate – Ayadra gave no response. 
Elle’dred sighed; he poured a trickle of the water into Ayadra’s mouth, but it dribbled unswallowed across his tongue and lips and down onto his chest. He noted the tattered flesh that had been bitten into the side of Ayadra’s tongue – a small chunk of it was missing. The water left some moisture in the incarnate’s mouth. That would have to suffice.
He motioned for the surgeon to perform his work, as he stepped back. All he could do was stare at Ayadra. 
He watched the old man remove the bandages, the broken sutures and carefully replace them. Ayadra did not flinch, did not react to the surgeon’s touch.
Elle’dred glanced across the barracks; Syla met his gaze with an uncertain look, but she turned her attention away from their prisoner a moment after. Taedoran watched from his bunk; his features revealed nothing more than cold impassivity.
When the surgeon had finished, and Elle’dred mutely thanked him, the knight found a blanket and approached the incarnate.
“It is allowed no blanket.” Taedoran barked from across the room.
Elle’dred paused; he clenched his fist around the soft wool. But as he had earlier in the day, he released his grip. He was cold; the afternoon’s air was already sharp on his face.
He bent down, and shifted Ayadra into a final, more comfortable position – what looked most comfortable. The slack obsidian limbs offered no resistance or reaction.
Elle’dred met the unfocused, abyssal orb, seated in the socket of the featureless bone mask; a glint of fear yet remained, but Ayadra’s eye seemed empty.
A moment passed.
“I’m sorry.” Elle’dred whispered.
Ayadra closed his eye. 

 

Chapter 11

The Andarae were alive with joy. The joy of making. And they wanted the wyverns and elves to know it also. So the Andarae told the wyverns and the elves that they would shape this heaven together. That they would make it the crowning jewel. A heaven that would grow into its fullness. All would be one upon this heaven and it would be the centre of all things to come. As the first mountain had wanted.

*     *     *

A week passed. The injured were given time to heal.
Elle’dred was given too much time to think.
He had watched Ayadra at every spare moment, voluntarily; though their leader had given him little choice otherwise. Due to the circumstances of their presence within the town, they had been restricted to the barracks.
The incarnate had remained unresponsive for two days. He had not eaten any food offered to him.
On the second day he had swallowed several mouthfuls of water, but would not react otherwise. He only moved when he shivered at night, due to the cold. Taedoran had forbidden a blanket, or a cloak, or any basic necessities short of the chamber pot; Elle’dred doubted their leader would have fed Ayadra at all if he himself had not intervened.
Ayadra had eaten on the fourth day; Elle’dred had tried, as before, to feed him by placing a spoonful of broth into his mouth. Ayadra had finally sealed his lips around the spoon, and swallowed. Barely. Some of it had dribbled out, down his jaw.
Elle’dred had cleaned it off. The Champion of the White Wolf had been left the task of caring for the incarnate; a task any knight of the White Wolf Hall would find demeaning, a task that even Hheirdane might have said should be handled by an inferior.
Hheirdane had barely spoken to him during the week; a few words here and there were all that had been exchanged. But that was close to the norm for the knight, and admittedly Elle’dred neither had any compulsion to pursue a conversation, nor did he feel the environment was appropriate – four guardsmen remained inside the barracks at all times, watching them.
Watching their prisoner, as he did.
He had noticed Hheirdane wasn’t sleeping; since the night on the riverbank, Hheirdane had slept only twice, and both times he had shifted uneasily during his sleep. And woken once with pale fright on his face. When Elle’dred had questioned him later in the morning, Hheirdane had said he could not remember what dream had plagued him, what nightmare.
As his usual, he had born Elle’dred’s concern with resentful appreciation and casual stoicism.
Dus had regained consciousness on the second day as well; the magus seemed unaffected by his unnaturally long unconsciousness. Blithe sarcasm had returned to the barracks.
Syla, alongside the daily visits of a surgeon, had assumed care over the battle-magus; as Elle’dred had assumed the duty of their prisoner.
Ayadra had moved of his own volition on the fifth day; limply, weakly, he had dragged the chamber pot over to and positioned it underneath him – his eyes had remained unfocused during the entire task. He had relieved himself unaided. The incarnate’s wilful excretion of faeces had filled the knight with hope. And a stab of remorse.
Ayadra had seemed more responsive on the sixth day; almost at his norm.
Silent, compliant, and fearful.
He had flinched at Elle’dred’s approach, and been almost unwilling to eat from the proffered spoon.
“You can eat.” Elle’dred had told him. After a long moment’s pause, the incarnate had tentatively wrapped his lips around the spoon. When he had finished the bowl of broth, eating each spoonful as though the only volition he possessed was bent to the obedience of his guard’s command, Elle’dred had quietly whispered, “Are you still hungry?”
Ayadra had given no response; his vision was locked immovably on the floor.
Elle’dred had sighed.
The sixth night passed. Before they had each retired to bed, Taedoran had announced, “We leave at dawn tomorrow.”
Elle’dred wondered if Ayadra would survive another march.

Morning came. The Champion of the White Wolf woke reflexively, as the first grey of dawn entered through the high windows of their dwelling. As he rose from his recumbence, the chill of the morning bit at his naked skin – the warmth of the blankets had protected him during the night; Ayadra had not been so fortunate.
The incarnate shivered, though his eyes were closed in what the knight assumed was sleep. The obsidian body twitched and moved, Ayadra’s eyes shifted restlessly beneath his lids – through a dream. Dread filled him for a moment, instinctually – Ayadra’s escape had been accompanied by a dream, but the knight quelled the emotion and waited.
Ayadra’s eye opened some moments after – accompanied by a brief, hoarse groan; a cry muted by the soreness of his throat. His breathing remained fast and shallow – from fear; he had been in a nightmare. The abyssal gleam of his gaze slowly sharpened and focused. Upon seeing the knight, Ayadra silenced his breathing and turned his head to the floor, immediately. Stiffly.
Elle’dred repressed his regret – and glanced at one of the guardsmen. In the dimness of the morning, the woman’s face was almost hidden; however, Elle’dred saw concern and uncertainty amongst her shadowed features. Whether the fact he had stared at the unnatural prisoner for several minutes was responsible, or that he had done so stark naked, eluded him.
Taedoran and Hheirdane each woke some minutes after the Champion of the White Wolf had donned his full armour and weapons. After his fellow knight had also dressed, both magus had to be stirred by the Sword-Bearer.
Taedoran ordered them to clothe themselves, and shoulder their packs.
Elle’dred watched, warily, as their leader strode over to their prisoner; one of the guards relit a lantern.
Ayadra flinched as Taedoran stood over him.
“We march today, Ayadra.” the Champion said, “You will keep up or you will be punished. Understood, Ayadra?”
Ayadra nodded weakly. Silently.
Some long moments passed as Taedoran freed the spike affixing the incarnate’s chains to the wall.
“Stand.” The order was as sharp and cold as the morning’s air.
Ayadra obeyed immediately, but Elle’dred caught the painful twinge of the incarnate’s legs, and the stiffness that yet dogged his body. The knight did not intervene.
“The cloak.” Taedoran ordered.
Hheirdane retrieved the garment and handed it to their leader; the material was drawn across Ayadra’s obsidian shape, obscuring his dark scales under equally dark material.
Taedoran turned, and moved towards the door. He tugged on Ayadra’s chains to bring him into pace.
A small, weak yelp escaped the folds of the cowl.
“Silence, Ayadra.” Taedoran snapped, and tugged on the chains again as he quickened his pace.
Ayadra moved obediently behind him. Silent.
Elle’dred fell into place, as the guards formed a cordon around them and they left the barracks.
The sun rose above the high peaks of the Fore-guard Mountains to the east, and glowed beneath the thin clouds that covered the sky, as the party covered the long trek through the town – to the river.
The white rush at its centre swept by with renewed force, as white as the distant glacier that birthed the Nel’maya, high in the Fore-guard Mountains. Its tumult had grown louder, even, since their arrival at Endarden; the influx of spring had returned the river to the climax of its power of depth.
Foam and spray frothed against the foundations of the pier beneath them, and the crisp morning air was weighted by moisture. The pier they stood upon, rose several feet yet above the running water; and a mirroring quay braced the town on the far side, in the distance. Endarden was split by the river – the massive expanse severing the town proper, but the populace was connected by five large ferries, anchored to either side by lines of rope that stretched across the water, slouching at their middles to dip into the white rush.
The guardsmen ushered the party out along the pier, into the wet air; the morning was slowly warming with the appearance of the sun, but the dampness that clung to their skin retained the cold.
Elle’dred glanced at the ferrymen, who stood aboard their boat eyeing the party.
A middle-aged man, with a scraggly, black beard speckled with droplets, exchanged a short conversation with the guards before he gestured with a brusque wave for the group to move aboard. The ferry rocked uneasily beneath them, in acquiescence with the river.
Only the roar of the water could be heard, as the ferrymen moved about their tasks; two undid the moorings fastening the boat to the pier, while two others stoked the coals of a small furnace at the head of the boat.
Once the moorings were undone, the lead ferryman opened a shutter on the outwards face of the furnace; he closed it, and reopened it; once, twice. Wordlessly, he turned to his underlings and waved some orders – the boat surged, as it got underway.
Elle’dred nearly lost his balance, as the unexpected momentum lurched into the wood beneath his feet; the ferrymen seemed unaffected, as did the guards.
Ayadra stumbled back, pulled slightly on his chains – Taedoran barked a reprimand; his binding name.
If the incarnate flinched it was lost beneath the cloak.
Elle’dred sighed; frustration and regret swelled inside him, as the river did around the ferry; but unlike the water, his emotion subsided soon into forceless, unexpressed pity.
The ferry made its long journey across the breadth of the river; some stretch of time later, they stopped at the corresponding pier on the far side of the Nel’maya.
After the ferrymen had anchored the boat once more, the party, and their guardsmen escort departed into the western side of the township.
The sun had cleared the last edges of the Fore-guard Mountains, when the group crossed the western palisade of Endarden, and moved out into the cleared fields beyond. The guards continued to surround them, shielding them from the view of the field hands at work over the town’s crops.
The guards stopped, and parted, only when they had reached the tree line of the forest claiming the horizon on all sides. Ythun’dier, the forest that cloaked the Fore-guard Mountains, stretched its last leagues before them; a day’s march after lay the vast flatlands of Thgad.
A day’s march; Elle’dred glanced at the incarnate – Ayadra’s apparent strength could not be surmised beyond the obscuring material. The incarnate would have to endure.
Taedoran ordered the party forwards, into the forest.
Elle’dred turned his attention, as was needed, away from their prisoner; once more his eyes moved unrestingly to descry any sign of an enemy, or any signs that might prelude an ambush – or the sight of the arrow that ended his life.

*     *     *

Ayadra moved his legs, against the stubborn soreness of his muscles. Each step exacerbated the ache of the lingering stiffness; each step took more will than he thought he had to accomplish.
Each hard, long step. Followed by another. And another.
Through the dense gloom and barrenness of the forest.
His side stabbed occasionally; the quarrel wound was aggravated then quelled in perfect rhythm with his steps – whenever he moved his right leg. Step, pain, ease. Step, pain, ease. Again.
As before, in his cell so many days ago, his limbs and neck still ached from where the searing metal had not charred them. His scales, his flesh, were undamaged. But the pain lingered. The pain always lingered. He was starving.
He wanted to cry. He wanted to drop to the ground, and cry. It was not the pain, or the soreness, that motivated his despair – but what cut through the glazed numbness of trauma, what constricted his chest, was the knowledge that there was nothing else.
Nothing else but this. Abuse and fear and hunger.
Save, only, death. He did not want to die.
Despite everything, he did not want to die.
– Escape. Somewhere deep down, amidst or in spite of his despair the word echoed up to him. It whistled through the branches of the trees all around, naked and bare from winter.
But the word had no meaning for him; he knew what it was, what it might mean if he succeeded, but it had no meaning beyond actions he could never perform. Ever, his chains were grasped by his primary guard, and he was always surrounded by four other guards that would stop him.
Two wielded swords – and the other two controlled fire and strange glaring crystals. Escape was something as likely to be accomplished as using his wings; another thing that held no meaning. Yet the word lingered in his mind, untrammelled and irrepressible.
Escape.
Sometime into the afternoon, they crossed a steep rise, and moved down onto the sheer slope at its opposing side, unclaimed by trees. The undulation of the forest floor began again at its base, as did the precarious entanglement of roots that lay, half-concealed, beneath, between the pervading ranks of the trees.
Once the party had all traversed the climb, his primary guard ordered them onwards – with a yank on his chains. Ayadra suppressed a yelp.
For another hour they continued onwards into the steadily thickening woodland, across the constant rise and fall of the forest-floor. The inconsistent ground, riddled with roots and precarious, moistened soil – which even his guards, at times, found difficult to negotiate – sparked a dread. The thought harried him, that of all places he might trip and fall – and be unable to regain his feet – this was the likeliest thus far. 
The others began to fall behind, or out of sight, mounting the incessant rolling of the landscape between the trees. Despite the difficulty and the hazard, Taedoran did not slow; his primary guard continued at his intractable pace onto the side of a ditch, overgrown with brush. The Champion dragged him down the decline without hesitation; a hidden tapestry of roots covered the ground, then gave way suddenly to sodden patches of dirt. 
Ayadra stumbled, once – a reprimand was given, twice – another censure.
The third stumble, however, was the Champion’s.
For a brief moment Taedoran lost his footing – and was forced to let go of Ayadra’s chains to catch himself against a tree. The man stood for a moment, trying to achieve his balance, but when he turned to regain the incarnate’s leash the ground beneath his foot gave way – and he tumbled a short distance, over himself, into the basin of the ditch.
– Shock.
Ayadra watched his primary guard, lying in the undergrowth of the ditch, far beyond his chains. Far beyond him.
– Escape.
He had to. The desperate urge swelled; filled every recess of his mind; he would not get another chance. He had to. Escape. Now.
He bolted. His legs drove into a wild motion, despite the ache of stiffness and bruising. Adrenalin surged through his veins, as he leapt a small log, and darted through a copse of trees. The branches snatched at his legs and arms, one grazed a gash across his limb.
He did not care. He had to escape – had too. Desperation fuelled every step, every breath – he needed to escape. He needed it. Run.
“Ayadra!” – His name, he hated that name, was shouted through the close air of the forest.
He continued, he ran. Stiffness ached sharp and tense, through his body, and began to restrain his muscles. Soreness began to limit his stride.
No.
He forced himself to continue.
“Ayadra!” – Again his name. The residual pain of his burning flared as he scrambled over a rise. The sore, unburnt flesh cried out – as did he; an involuntary grimace obscured his vision, for a moment. He slipped on a patch of leaf-litter, tumbled and fell. He rolled, sprawling, down the slope; battered by roots and scree.
With every muscle and wound screaming in resurgent agony, he came to a final, helpless stop. Fear pounded in his ears, as did the footsteps of his guards.
Approaching.
Weakly, desperately, he scrambled to his feet. He had to keep running. He had to run. There would be more pain if he was caught. More than this. More than his name –
“Ayadra!” – There was no pain. No crystallised pain, no paralysis. The name did nothing to him. And it had done nothing to him since he had woken in the barracks, with an arrow in his side.
The realisation shocked him – into stillness.
He had not –
Force crashed into him from the side, force imparted by the blur of leathers and skin and hair. Of a guard. The man’s body hurled him to the ground amidst a tumble of cloak and wrenched limbs. He cried out, in fear and pain and shock. His guard stood over him.
Taedoran.

*     *     *

Elle’dred panted heavily, as he mounted the crest of the rise at a run. His attentive hazel eyes swept the dense forest with a lifetime’s acuity – the sight that met him, a distance down into the depths of the trees, forced his legs into motion once more.
Taedoran had caught their prisoner. The Champion of the Tribunal trudged slowly up towards the knight, with Ayadra in tow. The man’s expression was flat. Elle’dred suppressed a pang of trepidation.
The incarnate’s cowl had fallen off his face – and his eyes glinted with fear, as they remained locked to the ground.
Taedoran yanked on his chains; Ayadra’s eyelids clenched in pain. Silently.
Elle’dred came to a stop mid-way down the rise. Taedoran eyed him with disdain, as he passed.
“This is what happens when you are kind to it.” the man hissed, “You are fortunate no one else died this time.”
Elle’dred bit back a moment of shame; Ayadra had tried to escape – again, that fact was indisputable. The knight fell in behind the Champion and the incarnate.
Hheirdane rejoined them at a small clearing beyond the rise, followed soon after by Syla and Dus; both magus panted heavily from their abrupt and unexpected run.
Taedoran strode wordlessly past the questioning gazes of the other party members, towards a gnarled birch-tree, bent to one side as though age had hunched the wood of its spine. Its branches splayed outwards, reaching submissively up to the defiant straightness of the pine beside it, begging the implacable pillar for aid.
Silently, their leader unshouldered his pack, and took out a picket and hammer. Methodically, he restrained Ayadra’s chains to the tree with several quick blows.
Fear glistened over the incarnate’s eyes; he flinched with each strike. Silently.
Once finished, the Champion removed the incarnate’s cloak, threw it to the ground, and rifled through his pack for something else.
Elle’dred watched, guardedly, as he withdrew a piece of rope, and approached their prisoner.
Palpably terrified, Ayadra did not meet their leader’s eyes, and offered no resistance as Taedoran looped the rope around his bone-clad snout and scaled lower jaw. The Champion tightened the binding, and applied a second and third, before knotting it. The rope served to muzzle their prisoner; for what purpose Elle’dred did not know.
Naked, and restrained, Ayadra quaked from fear. He did not dare look away from the ground.
Taedoran moved away, and signalled the battle-magus, “Dus, heat its manacles.”
“What?” Elle’dred barked, bewildered.
Ayadra’s eyes snapped open in terror, he struggled wildly against the chains – then screamed. The sound choked in his throat. The incarnate’s cries were restrained by the rope that bound his snout – reduced to a muted, agonised groan. 
Flames crackled around the seething incandescence of the incarnate’s manacles; his flesh hissed.
Ayadra squirmed helplessly against his shackles –
The rapacious glow of the manacles at his wrist did not cease; and the fire born from the obsidian flesh beneath flickered delightedly around them.
Dus held out his hand, controlling the metal. 
Elle’dred watched – anger and shock overwhelmed him for a moment. A short moment.
Ayadra groaned. Ayadra cried.
“Enough!” the knight shouted at their leader.
Taedoran did not respond – his hard eyes were locked on the torment of their prisoner.
The heat did not abate.  
 “Dammit, enough!” Elle’dred barked. His hand fell to the hilt of his sword.
Taedoran met his gaze for a moment – with utter scorn, but did not order the battle-magus to relinquish his magic.
Ayadra’s scream broke for the sharp, rapid whistle of his nostrils. Breaths – made to stem the pain – which he failed to keep in his chest.
“Dus will tire himself out.” Syla interjected.
“I’m fine.” Dus responded, with a note of offence at his fellow magus remark.
“The goblins will hear his screams.” Elle’dred tried, angrily – forcefully; his hand clenched around the hilt of his weapon, he was a scarce moment away from drawing it.
Taedoran gave a wave of his hand, gesturing for the battle-magus to stop. Dus clenched his fist, and the heat within the metal departed as quickly as it had appeared.
Ayadra hung limply from his restraints, moaning quietly between breaths. He sobbed.
Silence lingered between the Champion of the White Wolf and his counterpart; as it did amidst the parted ranks of the trees.
Elle’dred watched their leader, as the man moved over to the prisoner. Regret welled within the knight, accompanied by anger, once more – he had let Taedoran torture their prisoner like that. He could not deny Ayadra’s second escape had provoked his frustration, his distrust, but the incarnate did not deserve this.
Taedoran looked down on the weak obsidian nakedness beneath him, “You cannot escape, Ayadra. I told you this would be your punishment if you tried to escape again, Ayadra. You did not listen, Ayadra. It will be longer next time, Ayadra.”
Ayadra sobbed.
Taedoran pulled the picket out of the wood, with a grunt of exertion. The incarnate collapsed to the ground the moment his chains were free, inadvertently pulling the links from Taedoran’s grasp.
The Champion snarled.
Ayadra shivered beneath him.
“Stand, Ayadra.” Taedoran ordered. 
Elle’dred took a step forward – indignation nearly had him draw his sword, but Hheirdane’s grip braced his arm; he glanced aside; and was struck by the glare his friend levelled at him. 
How dare you pity it? was written in Hheirdane’s eyes. And the hurt glimmer of pain. 
Elle’dred paused, shocked.
Ayadra did not obey, could not obey his primary guard; the incarnate shuddered on the ground. 
Impassively, their leader pronounced, “Stand or you will be burnt again.”
Ayadra quaked and moaned, helplessly.
Taedoran turned to the battle-magus, “Dus, heat –”
Ayadra freed a terrified yelp into his bound mouth, half-muted, and writhed.
“Stand Ayadra.” Taedoran repeated, pitilessly.
The incarnate flinched and forced himself up – one of his legs buckled, and he stumbled. He continued. His weaker leg shook, spasmodically, as he brought it alongside the other, and braced his shivering body upright. His balance wavered, but he forced himself to stand.
With his unburnt hands coiled and clutched to his chest – and his gaze locked submissively on the ground – he stood. In silence.
Taedoran retrieved the cloak, and draped it again about their prisoner’s shoulders – Ayadra flinched in fear, reflexively at the Champion’s touch. But made no sound.
Elle’dred glanced at the incarnate; Hheirdane’s gaze had shifted to him as well. His fellow knight’s eyes were stoic and hard, but Elle’dred could not miss the passionate hatred that gleamed across their jade surface for a moment. Vehement, utter loathing.
Defying his friend’s attitude, Elle’dred moved over to the Champion, and took hold of their prisoner’s chains. He glared at the man, scarce an inch from his face.
“I’ll mind Ayadra. So he does not have another opportunity for escape.”
Taedoran sneered at the remark; but did not object – Elle’dred knew the Champion was not fooled. He knew no one had any illusion his volunteerism was motivated by anything other than pity – and he had no desire to delude himself.
Taedoran re-shouldered his pack, and ordered, “Move out.”
Elle’dred glared at their leaders back as he assumed pace. Ayadra followed compliantly behind him.
Dus and Syla took their places behind the Champion of the Tribunal, while Hheirdane assumed the rear watch – Elle’dred caught the brief look of disgust his friend shot at their prisoner, and seemingly at him.
While Hheirdane had been wounded by the incarnate, his attitude served only to exacerbate Elle’dred’s own frustration. Frustration at the inhumane treatment Ayadra was shown, frustration at the incarnate for trying to escape and provoking Taedoran, frustration that there yet remained a part of him that believed Ayadra deserved no better.
Frustration that his involuntary sympathy for the incarnate overwhelmed his better judgement.
The Champion of the White Wolf Hall continued wordlessly on, through the forest.
Their march persisted through the day, although their leader reduced pace to accommodate the frustrating variability of the land, and seemingly to keep a close eye on their prisoner – and his keeper. 
Elle’dred paid no attention, and the knight did what he could to ease Ayadra’s course. He removed the binding from Ayadra’s snout, sometime into the afternoon. More than once, the incarnate slipped, uttered a yelp – hastily restrained by his fear. Elle’dred had assisted the incarnate to his feet, and kept the incarnate from the reprimands of their leader; his handling was a negligible mercy, but it was all the knight could do.
They found a clearing, as the grey of gloaming fell about the denseness of the forest. The small, open glade was protected and sheltered by a short bluff. The order was given to set up camp; though their leader did not permit a fire. The precaution was a necessary one, but there would be no heat beyond blankets. 
Elle’dred was grateful that the night was not freezing, for Ayadra’s sake.
Ayadra’s chains were picketed to the ground beside the bluff, as the others prepared their beddings.
While the others ate, Elle’dred approached the incarnate with a ration, and their prisoner’s allocated waterskin – Ayadra flinched. Restraining a sigh, he knelt down and offered the food. Besides the trembling that shook only the loosest folds of his cloak, Ayadra did not move. He would not. He did not even look at the food. Elle’dred knew the incarnate would not take the ration from his hand; once again, he placed it on the ground, close to the cloak with the water skin alongside.
“Why did you try to escape?” – The words slipped from his mouth too easily; they weren’t angry, or frustrated – just disappointed, but Ayadra flinched in response nevertheless.
He regretted them a moment after, in any case; Ayadra was a prisoner, he had been abused, and his attempted escape was understandable. But intolerable, in the view of his guards – or at least, it should have been.
Elle’dred rose and moved away. Sometime after, he heard the clinking of Ayadra’s shackles behind him, and the minority of a restrained yelp. A glance back revealed Ayadra’s taloned hands quaking as he tried to bring the ration into the cloak – his fingers twitched in strain, and the food slipped from his grasp.
The incarnate moaned, quietly. Inoffensively. His talons gleamed darkly in the dying light.
Ayadra picked up the ration a second time, and more slowly brought it to his mouth. It seemed a struggle to hold onto the food at all; his hands yet trembled, setting a gentle rattle from his chains.
The knight sighed; the unresolved confliction had returned – he pitied Ayadra, he did not blame him for his second escape and he doubted the incarnate was responsible for his first. Regardless of culpability, Ayadra did not deserve the abuse he had received as punishment. But on some level – far from Taedoran’s extreme – Elle’dred knew Ayadra should be treated as an enemy; his duty demanded it. The incarnate was his prisoner, and was a danger, whether by his own volition or not.
He had already caused the deaths of people of Ammandorn. Eighteen people.
Ayadra was an enemy – and nothing more than an abused animal, at the mercy of his guards.
Elle’dred sighed.
He gave one last divided glance, and then turned his back fully on their prisoner – as he had before, to assume the first watch.

*     *     *

The southern sun had risen above the south, lingering at the noon apex of its arc across the sky. Its light was reduced to gloom amidst the frustrating denseness of the trees and slopes. 
The Champion of the White Wolf Hall clung to an outcrop as he assisted Ayadra up a steep rise. The incarnate had tried to mount the climb himself, using jutting rocks and roots as handholds – but Elle’dred could tell that caused him pain. Ayadra had struggled halfway up the rise, when a spasm of his body had overwhelmed him, and he had lost his grip – the knight had summarily caught him, before he could topple more than a few feet.
Elle’dred had also descried the grimace clenching the jaw and eyes of his obsidian, bone-clad face.
Elle’dred had half-carried him up the remainder of the slope, and with considerable effort they had achieved the ledge above. Ayadra clasped a hand to his side, over the location of his quarrel wound – in silence. But, as Elle’dred approached to offer attention to the incarnate’s injury, Ayadra flinched. In fear.
He thought about ordering the incarnate to sit, so he could at least inspect the bandaged wound; but the delay would undoubtedly annoy Taedoran, and Ayadra’s care might be wrested from him.
Taedoran ordered them to continue; Ayadra took a hesitant step away from his keeper. Paused.
Elle’dred ushered him forward. He did not take his chains as a leash.
The ledge they had achieved wound around the curvature of a hill, against the flat imperiousness of a bluff above and beside them. The flat, beaten dirt of the ledge, indicated the level had been cut deliberately as a track. It seemed likely they were in the vicinity of a village or town; Elle’dred hoped that no one had any intention of visiting yet another outpost of civilisation where Ayadra would be exposed.
He glanced at Taedoran.
Their leader gestured for them to proceed upwards along the track; it climbed the side of the hill and cliff-face for some distance yet. Elle’dred guessed it was one of the last rises they would have to face for some time; beyond the lip of the bluff above them, the ground undoubtedly began to flatten out – the plains of Thgad were only an hour or so away.
The march would be easier on all of them.
He led Ayadra by his chains, again; a glare from their leader informed him Taedoran would recover the responsibility if Elle’dred let their prisoner walk freely for more than a few dozen steps. Ayadra had given no reaction to the freedom, in any case, and gave no reaction to the return of his leash.
The path swept out into the broad curvature of a bend. They maintained their pace, set by Taedoran at the head of the file. However, as they rounded the protruding shape of the hill, the Champion of the Tribunal came to an abrupt halt.
Elle’dred had seen it too, as had Hheirdane.
A dozen paces up the road, a figure stood at its centre – barring their way. The figure held Ayadra’s likeness, in that it wore a draping, black cloak and cowl that obscured the entirety of its features.
The sudden appearance of the person disturbed Elle’dred – although the bend had hidden half the track behind the protuberance of the hillside, there had been no other indication of the figure’s approach. Elle’dred assumed it had been waiting there for some time.
– Waiting for them. 
The figure took a step forward – flashes of grey metal from beneath the tattered hem of its cloak alluded to what lay beneath, as did the heavy crunch of gravel beneath a plated boot.
Taedoran drew his sword and moved to confront the silhouette of black material.
The figure stopped two paces from the Champion, a head taller than him – its cowl was drawn as completely across its head as Ayadra’s, but the folds of the material hung projected from its face – like the incarnate’s. Though more likely due to the shape of its helm. The knight had heard the clink of metal plating.
Elle’dred’s hand tensed around the hilt of his own blade.
Taedoran raised his sword-point to the chest of the black-clad figure, “I am Taedoran of Ygoth, Champion of the Magus Tribunal, by their right I order you to reveal yourself.”
The cloaked figure did not respond.
Taedoran advanced a step, and pressed the tip of his blade against the figure’s chest.
“Reveal yourself.”
The figure moved – its grey, plated hands emerged from the folds of its cloak, shifting the material aside. More dark cloth remained beneath, the long folds of the robes enshrouding its body. Each of its hands were covered by a dissimilar collection of plates; the left, a regular gauntlet, while the right was composed in overlapping, curved bands running from its wrist along its arm.
It removed its cowl – revealing the thick, encompassing metal of its serpentine helm. Its headpiece, met by a series of bands that encased its neck, was armour heavier than any sane soldier would desire. Armour that should have made more sound than it had.
Its helmet was long and angled, extending seamlessly from the sharp tip of its snout, into the spliced set of bilateral prongs that crested behind its head; as each of the bands forming its neck did in turn – two ridges of tapered, pointed blades ran down its neck and back. The helm was further segmented, where the seam of the serpent’s mouth, it resembled, would belong, with the upper lip overhanging the lower.
Two triangular eyeholes were cut into either side of the metal countenance – though, by some trick of the shadows cast by the metal, there seemed to be no eyes within to accompany them.
Elle’dred tensed in preparation; the garish armour’s sharp contours, and the black robes enwrapping it, hinted at lethality and violence.
“Who are you?” the Champion of the Tribunal growled.
The figure remained silent – completely. The armour’s presence perturbed him; beyond its theatricality – it was unnaturally silent; sounds of breathing were entirely absent – even the dulled echoes of exhalation faded within the helm.
“Answer or I will kill you!” Taedoran barked.
“I doubt that.” – A strong, male voice emanated from within the armour – and echoed; as though it had been spoken into an empty suit of metal.
Elle’dred drew his sword.
Taedoran paused for a moment, “Your name.” he growled with cold finality.
“I do not answer to –”
Taedoran cut the strange, echoed voice off with a snarl, and a screech of grinding metal. The Champion of the Tribunal extended his arm; his blade thrust clean through the figure – neither its black robes, nor its seemingly heavy plating offered resistance. 
Taedoran retracted his blade, swiftly, savagely, prompting another screech from the metal. The figure dropped to one knee.
Taedoran took a step back and turned, “We move –” 
– He was cut off by the armoured figure, “When next you turn your back upon a foe, be sure that he is dead.”
The suit of armour stood erect, and with a sweep of his hand, flicked away the edge of his cloak. At his waist, two hilts were revealed. His gauntleted hand grasped one and drew free a strange sword.
The hilt was long; halved by a basket guard that swept into a straight cross-guard at the base of the blade. The blade itself was long and broad, and tapered delicately to its tip. Asymmetrical, however, its outer edge descended to the tip of a pointed barb above an angled notch – where, from the depth of the indent, the blade continued to its base, and flared into curved serrations on either side.
Its grey edges flared in the light.
Taedoran wheeled, and struck out. Viciously.
The figure met the blow with an elegant parry, and – perfectly placed – caught the Champion’s blade in the notch of his own. With an arcing twist, the figure flung Taedoran’s sword and arm outwards – opening the Champion’s defences in an instant. The arc of the strange sword circled flawlessly into a downward slash, aimed across Taedoran’s chest.
– The slash, unlike the parry that preceding it, was slow, ponderous within its own blinding moment, and Elle’dred recognised a deliberate feint when he saw one. 
The Champion of the Tribunal backed a step, with the reflexes that had earned him his title – when they should not have been enough. He narrowly avoided the blow.
As the robed armour advanced, Taedoran hacked, in reprisal. Brutal. Strong.
The figure countered his blow, once more, with the same remarkable swiftness and fluidity of his first parry. Before the Champion could react, the figure turned his blade flat and slid it along Taedoran’s; the hilts entangled, and the figure twisted his sword through a sharp circle, loosing the Champion of his weapon and bringing the tip of his own strange sword to Taedoran’s throat.
Elle’dred was stunned – for the briefest moment. And he was already too late; with a simple extension of his arm, the armoured figured could drive his sword through their leader’s throat.
Syla came to Taedoran’s defence – the pale light of a rune cut a crystalline streak across the air as it sailed past Elle’dred to meet its target.
The figure reacted.
The armour raised his free hand – and struck the rune from the air, as though he were brushing aside an offending insect. His plated limb intercepted the magic, whereupon it shattered in a dissonant chime and dissipated into gleaming mist.
Syla uttered a gasp of shock behind him. 
Without pause, the figure flicked his metal fingers through a delicate gesture and another rune coalesced into crystalline fullness. Its lances of argent glare flicked out across the road – the crystal sailed past both Champions and struck the magus behind them.
Syla exhaled forcibly, and toppled, sprawled through the skittering of gravel.
Elle’dred did not glance back, instinct drove his feet into motion.
He managed four steps, before the twang of Hheirdane’s bowstring birthed the high whistle of an arrow across the air. The knight caught a glimpse of the shaft as it passed him.
But, where in an instant it should have struck their foe in the centre of his chest, it did not. Not for any failing of Hheirdane’s aim.
What transpired, in the briefest moment, before him, held Elle’dred aghast – halted his charge, and froze the air in his lungs. Shock.
The swathes and folds of the figure’s billowing robes and cloak melted – evaporating into a mass of entwined tendrils of ebon mist, which snaked and swirled over the grey metal of his helm, gauntlets and sword. The umbra coiled and merged at his centre into a single brief wisp, then dissipated by an unfelt wing. Taedoran’s blade clattered to the ground.
Hheirdane’s arrow sailed through empty air.
The disappearance of the armour was joined by the equally swift reappearance, a heartbeat later – heralded by a sound akin to the dying echo of a tempest’s fiercest howl. Black mist swirled and solidified into robes and armour – and the figure’s barbed blade, now held across Elle’dred’s throat.
The robed suit of armour stood beside him.
Shock paralysed his muscles, as it must have each of the party members; silence fell across the road, broken only by terrified jingle of the incarnate’s chains.
– Elle’dred could not believe what he had experienced, despite the palpable sharpness of the metal bared across his neck; his encounters with incarnates had not prepared him for this. Nothing could.
This defied his conceptions of the world.
After a long period of stillness, he tentatively glanced aside, at the helm of the figure – he could see the glare of daylight cleanly through both eyeholes; the helm was empty. Incomprehension lowered his sword.
The serpentine helm turned to meet his gaze with the unnatural emptiness of its sockets; the figure lowered his own strange sword, and re-sheathed it at his waist beside the second hilt.
Syla scrambled to her feet behind them.
Taedoran did not move, and seemed stunned to a silence even his intransigent arrogance could not overcome.
Elle’dred stared at the serpentine helm, beside him.
Silence filled the air of the road, like the silence pervading the emptiness of the suit of armour that threatened them. A suit of armour.
The world Elle’dred thought he had known had been utterly shattered, first by the preternatural strength of the bull-incarnate, and now by the haunting emptiness of the being beside him.
Reluctantly, he forced down his shock, and some small part of horror; he began, “It would appear you have us at a disadvantage,” he paused for a long moment, “But can I assume by your disarming that you do not intend to kill us?”
The helm did not respond.
Elle’dred swallowed, “Are you here to take Ayadra?”
The armour chuckled.
– An unnerving, light sound of amusement. Elle’dred was taken aback.
“No, Elle’dred, Knight and Champion of the White Wolf Hall, I am not here to steal the incarnate from you.”
The knight did not attempt to conceal his shock, “What in the hells are you?” the words slipped out against his better judgement – the armour chortled; hastily he recovered, “How long have you followed us?”
“Not so short a time, that your friend did not discover several of my footsteps.” the empty helm responded, lightly, with its echo, glancing behind him towards Hheirdane, “But as I have revealed my presence now, that seems unimportant.”
“What did you come here for, if not Ayadra?”
“For selfish reasons.”
Consternation gave way to frustration – what in the hells are you? “Are you an enemy?”
“No.”
“Then are you a friend?”
“No.” the suit of armour answered his question, sharply, “And when you know what I am, you may understand why I would find it hard to call myself your ally. However, my path is the same as yours, and so it seemed only fitting to aid you in your endeavour,” he paused, and added amidst a snide echo, “You sorely need it.”
Elle’dred restrained a sigh; despite his trepidation, despite his disturbance, he was annoyed – the suit of armour seemed almost amiable, “I would ask you your name?”
“I am Llrsyring, the last of my race and servant to their memory. Ellyan Taun and Deathwalker.”
The response seemed to snap Taedoran from his stupor, “Deathwalker.” he snarled, and leaped to retrieve his sword.
“Now did we not already prove the futility of that?” Llrsyring quipped, derisively.
Taedoran pointed his blade towards the armour, “Under the laws of the Tribunal you are condemned to death for your crimes, deathwalker.”
Despite the declaration, laced in pure pride, Taedoran then hesitated – they had all seen Llrsyring stabbed, with seemingly little effect. He was nothing more than a suit of armour and robes.
– What are you?
“What is a Deathwalker?” Elle’dred asked, flatly, to whoever would answer.
“A necromancer.” Taedoran replied in vindication, “An enemy to the state.”
Llrsyring answered him, also, a moment after, “I am born to the sixth blood. That of the Deathwalkers.”
Confusion, and wariness lit his gaze, as he moved to view the suit of armour fully – the words had been spoken plainly, honestly, but they seemed a clear falsehood, “There are only five bloods –” he began, uneasily, “The mage-born, sword-born, the oracle, tamers and the undestined. There is no sixth.”
“Ignorance does not alter the nature of reality, however much some might wish it to.” Llrsyring quipped, “There have always been six bloods, Elle’dred, you simply have not been aware of the sixth.” the helm paused, and turned its emptiness towards the Tribunal’s Champion, “However, some of us are.”
“What does he mean by that?” Elle’dred enquired to the Champion.
His confusion flared into doubt, for a moment – doubt he quashed when his more prudent side reminded him the words sparking it had come from a walking suit of armour he had only just met and been threatened by.
But as Taedoran shot a glare at him, as though he deserved only contempt, his doubt found anchorage; the Champion of the Tribunal did not answer.
– Suspicion. He knew Taedoran hid something beneath his scorn. However, the immediate situation deserved his full attention. Whatever it was that was unsaid between the other Champion and he, he could deal with it at a later, safer time.
Llrsyring was silent a moment, before he continued dismissively, “The way you choose to rule your lands, and your people, is no longer my concern. However, your mission to guard the weapon-key of the Dark Moon is. You escort it to Eryndor, where you think the traitorous magus of a disloyal city can undo him. Ayadra is not his name, but it will do – however, your intention behind the binding spell is no longer appropriate. That magic has been broken, it will not bind him – nor will it hurt him, as you have already done. That is but a warning.”
“You intend to help us?” Elle’dred asked – this empty suit of armour that had shown a capacity for violating the laws of reality as he knew them. He tried to hide his incredulity under calmness, but possess little self-awareness to gauge his success.
“Yes.” – The answer at least was flat, and clear, if joined by an echo. Llrsyring moved past the knight, towards the incarnate – beneath the cloak, Ayadra’s hands trembled in fear, and he recoiled a step away from the new arrival.
“I have frightened you,” the helm said, gently, “For that I am sorry. I intend you no harm.”
Ayadra did not respond, save for trembling.
Llrsyring sighed, and turned away, “You travel across the flatlands of Thgad, I will accompany you. We make for the plains.” 
Taedoran recovered his superiority, blended with outrage and indignation, “I am the one who leads, not you.”
“And the results of your leadership are before you,” Llrsyring snapped, “You have nearly died, more than once, you have exposed Ayadra to more commonfolk than can be counted, and, most grievously, you have treated any who tried or could help you like dogs. I think that you would fare much better under wiser leadership.”
“You speak as a fool.” Taedoran returned.
“Then I am a much wiser fool than you.”
Despite himself, Elle’dred could not help but smirk at the retort – here, here. Masked by self-admonishment. What in the hells are you?
“We make for the plains –” Llrsyring pronounced, but turned to Taedoran, “Unless you believe your mission can yet suffer further setback. How much more time are you intending to waste?”
Taedoran ground his teeth.
Amidst a light swirl of black robes, the suit of armour turned up towards the crest of the road.
As Llrsyring moved forwards, Elle’dred descried the armoured tip of the long tail that waved from side to side, beneath the hem of the deathwalker’s cloak.
He glanced at Ayadra – what in the hells are you? The world he knew of men, goblins and dwarves, seemed suddenly paled by a much larger and stranger place. By things he did not know existed – secrets, things some others may have kept from him. He glanced at their leader.
After a moment, Taedoran signalled for them to follow.
Elle’dred motioned Ayadra along, holding the incarnate’s chains; hesitantly they resumed pace – behind the robed, walking suit of empty armour, with a tail.

*     *     *

The Tribunal had arrived at Delphanas. The five leaders of the Magus Order waited for the three men who led the Assembly.
Phio, Rethan and Ormus approached the stateroom without aides, accompanied only by the weight of their officious trappings – Phio had discussed the nature of the meeting with Faldorn, and although the boy had desired to support his mentor in this task, this was a duty for the Elder Archivists alone.
The three men entered the room – the Tribunal were seated across one side of the conference table. The Staff-Bearer sat at their midst, and the other High Magus held a reserved and respectful silence.
Phio carried the Tome of Acrius with him, and as he placed it on the table, he sat opposite his Tribunal counterpart with Ormus and Rethan on either side of him. It already seemed they were outnumbered – five magus with the elements at their command opposed three men with only pens and paper to defend them. And the whitewood of the crest-seals that sat across their chests. Their authority would sustain them – it had to sustain them.
“This conference will begin.” Phio announced in proper decorum, “Staff-Bearer Hadrath, High Magus of the Tribunal, the Elder Archivist Triumvirate and the Archivist Assembly has called you here to discuss the matter of the Immortal’s War. And some new information that has come to light.” he paused, “The forces of the Immortal, according to your reports, are beyond what we can repel by force of arms alone – and hence, we have begun to marshal new armies as supplement. But it is our tactics that will decide victory or defeat, and in that we believe we have determined a tactic that will assure us of the former.”
The High Magus leant forward.
The Elder Archivist proceeded, “However, there is an obstacle of legality that must be overcome before we can institute our plan. The prophecy that we have uncovered, directs us to take actions that would seem to contradict the way we have fought our wars in previous years.” Phio paused, “This prophecy is also currently considered illegal.”
Resentful shock exuded from the Tribunal.
Hadrath addressed the Elder Archivist, “And what prophecy would that be?”
“The last prophecy of Thyesmered, in the Tome of Acrius.”
Astonishment gripped the Staff-Bearer’s features. The two women and one of the men around Hadrath shared his reaction. Ragmurath’s surprise however twisted into cold, vehement disgust.
“By that statement alone, you are guilty of treason.” The High Magus pronounced.
“It is not your place to condemn us,” Phio responded, “And this council was not called to debate this matter. The Elder Archivists brought you here to inform you that the Tome of Acrius will serve to discern our tactics in the coming war. And that the article of forbiddance placed upon Thyesmered’s words is hereby formally lifted – by writ of the Assembly.”
Hadrath’s face was blank; asides from Ragmurath, the other High Magus waited for his response.
“I would like to see this prophecy.” he said, calmly.
Phio nodded and, opening the Tome to the last pages, slid the offending text over to the Staff-Bearer. Hadrath perused the verses, and for quite some time remained silent in contemplation. 
The Elder Archivist added, “The third and fourth verses have already played an integral part in our decisions regarding this war. It would be futile to deny this Prophecy’s involvement with the war of the Immortal – and dangerous to disregard it.”
Hadrath looked up from the book, and stared at the Elder Archivist.
“The Laws of the Tribunal are clear – necromancy is punishable by death, as is treason. The oracle who spoke these words was guilty of the former – and it would be fair to say that you are guilty of the latter.” Hadrath paused, and sighed, placating both Rethan’s and Phio’s objections with a gesture – after a while, he continued, “I have dedicated my life to the law, and the impartial pursuit of justice. Necromancy has been considered heinous for centuries, but there are founding laws of our society much older than those that condemn it. One of those laws states that ‘…where the Archivists lead, we shall follow…’ It is a law I find now that I must obey.” he paused, “I concede to the Assembly’s authority.”
“Hadrath.” Ragmurath hissed.
“Hadrath, the laws of necromancy are paramount to our society,” High Magus Gerdanath argued, “We cannot abandon them.”
Rethan met the pure conviction in her face – she was a stately woman, well suited to the trappings of her office, but her hard features did not deter him from confronting her.
“There is no legal recourse to refuse us.” he stated, sharply.
She narrowed her eyes in response, and made to reply when her fellow High Magus also interposed.
Helanath spoke quietly but forthrightly, “Elder Archivist Rethan is correct, we have no legal right to deny their authority.”
Ragmurath seethed and rebuked with a snarl, “We have every right. These men are criminals.”
“And it was not wrong to condemn Thyesmered for a crime she did not commit?” Rethan snapped, his own irascibility flaring to life, “She was not guilty of necromancy as we are all well aware.”
“How dare you accuse us?” the High Magus returned, through clenched teeth.
Phio intervened, “We are not here to place blame. Nor are we here to discuss the truth of Thyesmered’s crime. We do not intend to challenge the laws of the Tribunal that address this subject – but we are annulling the one ruling that condemns the oracle’s words.”
“That is tantamount to treason.” Ragmurath rejoined in disdain. The High Magus’ belligerence forced a sigh from his superior. 
The Staff-Bearer addressed the room, “I have already stated the Tribunal’s response to this matter. We concede to the Assembly’s decision.”
Ragmurath could not contain his outrage, he bolted up and blatantly announced, “I will not become an accessory to necromancy.”
“Sit down!” Hadrath yelled – the power of his voice stunned the room into silence, even his fellow Tribunal members were astounded. There had never been an occurrence of the Staff-Bearer shouting, and it seemed beyond his character to do so.
In his more typical quiet voice, that released none of the potent authority he had invoked, Hadrath reprimanded his inferior, “Do not question your Staff-Bearer, High Magus.”
Ragmurath was beaten back. He sat down; but the sense of betrayal on his face was palpable, as was his anger. 
Ormus watched the High Magus in the pervading silence that followed. The tension that presided across the table weighed heavily on each of them. 
Hadrath sighed, and regained his normal composure fully, “The Tribunal will not oppose the Assembly’s ruling regarding this one prophecy of Thyesmered. However, the law of necromancy is not in dispute – and once the war is concluded, it is expected that this Tome will be relinquished to the vaults of the Tribunal where it will continue to be considered a forbidden text.” he paused, “Is that agreed?”
Phio glanced at both Rethan and Ormus; a consensus was tacitly and quickly reached.
“It is agreed.” 
The Staff-Bearer of the Tribunal sighed, “While the usage of this tome is permitted under the direct ruling of the Assembly, I must inform you, however, that the actions which prelude that ruling must be viewed in concurrence with the law – and that there may be ramifications required of each us, once this war is through.”
Phio muttered, somewhat disappointedly, “I hold no objection to the enforcement of appropriate laws.”
Hadrath surveyed each of his peers, “The threat of the Immortal’s war takes precedence.” the Staff-bearer paused, and flatly, he met Phio’s eyes, “I believe I have discerned what course of action this prophecy directs you to take. But I would ask you to confirm my deduction in regards to this tactic that will win the war.”
Phio nodded, calmly, “We must send our armies to the Mouth of Agdor.”

*     *     *

The night had passed. Amidst the sparse, uncertain ranks of the trees, that continued yet onto the flatness of the plains. A strange, tense night. 
They had crossed onto the edges of the flatlands, still held by the thinning ranks of Ythun’dier, sometime into the afternoon. Near dusk they had left the last reaches of the forest, and crossed out onto the vast flatness of the plains – the land swept limitlessly to every horizon save the east. All flat and empty and monotonous.
As the gloaming had settled about the grassland and the few remaining trees, they set up camp on a meadow, an hour’s slow walk from the last slopes of the forest. The presence of Llrsyring had reduced any conversation to as few words as was absolutely necessary. Dus had broken the quiet once or twice with a sarcastic comment, but when no one laughed, the magus had desisted reluctantly.
No one slept easily during the night; no fire was permitted – its light would be a beacon seen for miles, and they were still too close to the forest. Though, they had encountered only one enemy in those woods.
– Elle’dred could not convince himself of that.
Whatever else Llrsyring was, he did not seem an enemy. 
Elle’dred did not know what to think of him; he was simply a walking suit of armour.
Some part of him warned that he was making the same mistake he had with Ayadra – although this time, not because of sympathy, but rather the acerbic manner in which the suit of armour regarded their leader.
Elle’dred had not let himself realise just how much he loathed the Champion of the Tribunal – he had repressed his gall, as was his duty.
He had let Ayadra be tortured, because of his duty as well.
Yet, however much he might have enjoyed Llrsyring’s derision of the Champion, he could not deny that such behaviour could not be simply a tool to seed division amidst the party – or just to divide him from the others. He could not imagine why Llrsyring might want that, though.
He had noted the suit of amour neither ate nor drank during the night, and most certainly did not sleep – and when morning came, and they resumed the march, Llrsyring showed no effects of his deprivations. All that Elle’dred observed seemed to confirm that the new arrival was nothing more than an animated suit of armour and robes. The fact baffled him.
And disturbed him.
Llrsyring, however, was not the only one who did not sleep – Hheirdane, for yet another night had gone without rest, and unlike the armour he showed signs of it during the day. The Sword-Bearer’s eyes were sunken, and weariness seemed always to drag at the stoic features of his face – once, when Elle’dred had handed him a ration, he had caught the same twinge of pain surrounding Hheirdane’s eyes that had disturbed him a day before – a pain, that on some level he could not identify, yet that seemed hauntingly familiar.
When he had questioned his friend, again, Hheirdane had told him, “My wound is irritating. And sleep was unwise last night.”
He had not been willing to say more; though Elle’dred realised his stoicism likely sourced from other circumstances – by the abhorring glare Hheirdane shot at the cloaked incarnate, Elle’dred led behind him. In that glare alone, Hheirdane seemed changed – Elle’dred had never seen such hatred in his eyes. 
He let his friend bide, he did not have the stomach for an argument with an ally.
He’d rather have an argument with an enemy – at least then he could be sure of one thing.
He wanted Llrsyring to be an enemy, it would make things easier.
As they crossed the limitless flatness of the grass-plains, vibrant green with the return of spring, the Champion of the White Wolf sidled up to the armour.
For a few minutes they continued in silence.
– The urge to speak grew too great.
“What in the hells are you?” – The question had dogged him all night, even in his dreams. But despite that, it seemed more than a little tactless, if not completely.
Llrsyring chuckled, “And a good morning to you.”
Elle’dred sighed, “I apologise, that was a bit blunt. Admittedly, I wasn’t really sure how to begin.”
“Politeness is a virtue not often observed these days.” The comment lacked any chastisement or bitterness; it seemed more a light jest.
Elle’dred allowed a smirk, “Can I ask what you are? Beyond a list of titles I do not know the meanings to.”
Another chuckle, “Your pardon, Champion. I had forgotten how ignorant you were.” – he finished with a edge of bitterness, half-concealed.
Elle’dred did not take offence at the statement, but his wariness returned in full force.
When Llrsyring did not respond further, Elle’dred asked – more forcefully this time, “What are you, Llrsyring, Ellyan Taun and deathwalker?”
The helm turned to meet his eyes with its sockets, “There are many wounds that scar history, Elle’dred. Do not be so eager to reopen them. What I am will impinge little on how you regard me, and it will not stop me from accompanying you.”
Elle’dred paused, “Why weren’t you killed when Taedoran stabbed you? Why aren’t you dead?” – again he seemed to himself tactless, and he already knew the answer, but he could not think of a better question.
“I am dead.” Llrsyring replied – it shocked Elle’dred, “In a way. I am also much older than any of you here, and much less likely to take offence at anything you do to me. As demonstrated by your unprovoked and might I say completely ineffective attack on me.”
He chuckled.
Elle’dred did not release his gaze, “Taedoran asked your name?”
“No he did not.” the mirth disappeared instantly under cold flatness, “He demanded it. And I do not answer to his authority. Few people should.” the helm paused, “Now, if he had asked me politely, it may have been different.”
– The hard edge of sarcasm in the armour’s voice, hinted to Elle’dred that it would not have been.
“And besides,” Llrsyring concluded, “I had to make a point.”
That you are not bound by the laws of reality? – Tactless. But honest. Elle’dred remained silent.
They continued to march, for some time. The green flatness of the plains continued.
Behind him, Ayadra stumbled, slightly – but the pause applied resistance to his chains. Inadvertently, Elle’dred’s hold on his leash yanked on the manacles.
Ayadra restrained a yelp.
Elle’dred stopped reflexively, allowing the incarnate time to recover. Ayadra readjusted his balance, and waited, submissively, for his guard to tell him he could continue walking.
Elle’dred repressed a sigh.
Llrsyring had stopped too, beside him.
“You should unbind Ayadra.”
The suggestion shocked him.
“He has tried to escape twice.”
“And you do not believe it was unprovoked.” Llrsyring answered – a statement.
Elle’dred felt a compulsion to retort, but the truth stifled it –
The armour’s knowledge of his feelings, however, indicated he had followed them for some time, clandestinely. That should provoke suspicion.
Elle’dred replied with silence.
Llrsyring stepped closer to him; he tensed in caution and readiness – though the thought passed, if the armour meant harm there was nothing he could do.
Llrsyring glanced over his shoulder at the folds of Ayadra’s material-covered face, “He did not betray you Elle’dred.” – the words were whispered, but they held a note amidst the echo that evidenced truth; indisputable truth.
The suit of armour backed a step, turned, and resumed his pace further towards the flatlands of Thgad; leaving the knight alone with his suspicions, his confliction, and his incarnate prisoner. 
 

Chapter 12

This heaven was different to all that had come before. The fourth heaven would begin small and would grow, like the elves had, it would be shaped by the winds and sky, like the wyverns had been shaped.  And it would hold the light of all the other heavens. It would grow across the flow of the river, until it rejoined the first and second and third heavens. Until it was all, until the river no longer bore it, but rather took its place upon the heaven.

*     *     *

Ayadra ran. He could not see. He could not hear. But he ran. Sharp things clawed at his feet. Fear pounded in his chest. He ran.
He had to escape. He had to.
It followed him. Pursued him.
It – he could not stand it again. Not again.
He ran.
– He fell.
His legs screamed from injury and exhaustion. They could not move. Fear paralysed them. As it had before. As it did every night. Fear of what would come.
It neared.
He tried to scream – he failed.
He could not scream anymore.
He could feel it – again. The heat.
The darkness, that surrounded him, was burned away by the searing glow of those manacles – his manacles. The hellish incandescence of the blazing metal ravaged the black emptiness of his dreams. 
Again. As it did every night.
The searing metal loomed – and approached. Slowly. Terribly. Inevitably.
As it had before.
He could not scream. He could not run. All he could do was wait – and watch. As he had before.
The red light grew; its touch swept across the edges of his vision, around him, through him – until it was all he could see. The hellish glow filled his world.
Fear turned to terror – as it did every night. Terror and despair.
He could only watch.
And burn. The heat already singed his skin.
The manacles seethed – red crackled with malevolence and glee. And parted. The searing metal parted to reveal the face of his tormentor. Of his guard.
Taedoran’s face. 
Like a mask of utter abyss carved perpetually into a rage no pain could sate, the face of his tormentor was lit with the impossible, red fury of the metal.
His tormentor glared – a dark face amidst a sea of orange flames.
The manacles were thrust onto Ayadra’s flesh.
He screamed.
He screamed.
But no cries or pleas would satisfy the face, no pain would remove the heat. No screams had stopped it before – when he was awake – for too many hours in a blacksmith’s. He had screamed until his voice gave out.
The manacles seared, flesh hissed – he cried out.
The face watched. Pleased.
And fire burned. Beyond the symphony of his torture, beyond the heat and the glow of the manacles, the fire – the strange flames born of his skin from the heat of brands – burned. In the depths of his being. A raging inferno that swelled and surged. And watched.
On the edge of his nightmare, somewhere amidst the depths, the flames laughed. As he screamed.
He screamed.

Ayadra woke with a start.
– And a cry. His voice, however, emerged only as a quiet groan. The sound was muted by the painful hoarseness of his throat. He had screamed until his voice gave out. He could not scream anymore.
For that, he was grateful – even the weak croak might have been enough to wake his guards.
There would be punishment, if he had.
As the trembling of his nightmare continued, he glanced carefully around the campsite – the instinctual fear branded into him was eased, when he discerned that he had not inadvertently awakened – and offended, his captors. He released a heavy breath.
He continued to shiver. As much from the cold as the fear.
His arms ached – his start had pulled his wrists against the implacable restraints, picketed to the ground. The manacles had reawakened the lingering ache of the burning. His fear had disguised the initial pain, but it would be some time before the flesh settled into a dull throbbing that could be ignored.
Ayadra bore the discomfort with a wince.
He would not be able to sleep again this night.
Hours passed.
Dawn arrived. 
His guards unfastened his shackles from the ground, after they had broken camp. They resumed the march across the interminable expanse of grass. No end lay in sight beyond the endless horizon. 
Ayadra marched on exhausted legs; they were stiff and sore. His arms continued to throb, from the burning.
– He had failed to escape. He should not have tried. He should have been happy with being fed, with water, even without a blanket each night.
He should not have tried.
If he hadn’t, he would not have suffered that, again.
Each night, since that, he had relived the hours in his nightmares – every night. He dreaded sleep. He did not want to remember that, but he could not forget it. The memory had burnt down to his core, and remained there.
Flames flickered in the depths of his emptiness, as they did in his dreams.
He was fed, one meal a day. He ate; he drank when he was told to. He was silent. Obedient. That had proven insufficient to avoid offending his guards; but he could do no more.
At least, Elle’dred had not punished him further.
At least he was alive – the thought brought no solace or relief; but it lingered, despite himself.
The grey of twilight fell slowly across the grass around them. His primary guard ordered them to set up camp. Elle’dred restrained his chains to the ground, before moving to assist the others. After, the knight returned to him, to provide his daily ration.
Ayadra ate; he was grateful for the food. 
After the full darkness of night had fallen, watch was assigned; Elle’dred would take the first shift.
The night was cold. There was no fire. And Ayadra had only his cloak for warmth; it was all he was allowed, it was enough.
Ayadra shivered. It stimulated his arms.
He tried to sleep – but, as ever, he feared the nightmares. They waited for him in his dreams.
Someone approached him.
He tensed reflexively in fear; he dared not look up.
– Two heavy, plated boots stopped beside him; and the suit of armour lowered itself down.
His heart thrummed in his ears.
The suit of armour reached out – and placed an unfurled blanket over his cloak wrapped body. The extra weight of the wool settled over him. The armour paused for a moment, rose, and moved away.
Ayadra released his muscles; he continued to shake, involuntarily – the after-effects of his fear.
The warmth moved down through his cloak; slowly, it fought off the chill. For the first time in days, he did not shiver. He was warm.
He was grateful.
Despite the pain of his arms and neck, he curled them to prop his head on his shoulder.
Sleep came.
The nightmare returned; as did the glow of the manacles. The face. The heat. And the laughter of the flames.
Ayadra burned in his dreams.

*     *     *

Syla had not slept well. Partly due to the fact that their prisoner had woken during the middle of the night with a hoarse groan; the sound had been loud enough to jolt her awake. Her sleep had been light, in any case, due to the fact a strange enemy she could not understand walked in their midst.
Llrsyring defied her knowledge of magic, even the deep magics.
She feared him.
There was no spell she knew could exist to displace a person, as Llrsyring had displaced himself – and there was no magic that could free a creature of its physical body, let alone somehow animate it into a suit of armour.
What the deathwalker was, she could not surmise, and that frightened and disturbed her.
At the very least, she knew what a deathwalker was – a necromancer. Necromancy had been forbidden by the Tribunal, in fact it was the very reason the Tribunal had been formed.
Necromancy was the most evil magic known; and now a necromancer walked beside her. It seemed likely to her – an evident justification of the Tribunal’s laws – that necromancy was what was responsible for the state of Llrsyring’s existence. He was some ghost or spirit, pulled beyond his death, and given foul and unnatural life within the suit of armour.
Syla knew no magic that could animate a suit of armour; but that seemed pale in comparison to resisting centuries of one’s proper death.
She knew what Ellyan Taun meant as well, or rather she had her theories. The Ellyan were mentioned in some of the Tribunal’s oldest historical records; they had been enemies of the land, which wielded terrible magic against Ammandorn’s people.
Evil creatures, with scales, tails and fangs.
Ammandorn, and the nation of the Dwarves had declared war upon them, fought them, and defeated them. They were all supposed to be dead – and it seemed they were. Llrsyring seemed to validate all she had read of those centuries, and of the Ellyan.
She wondered how many more of these enemies of the land still haunted Ammandorn. Llrsyring had said he was the last of his race, but prudence demanded that be a lie. And it seemed suspiciously coincidental, this ancient deathwalker would appear now, of all times – when Ammandorn faced its most dire threat. And just so happen to find the party charged with the Immortal’s deadliest weapon.
Llrsyring was a servant of the enemy, Syla was certain of that.
As they continued across the undisturbed flatness of the plains, under the cloud-covered glow of the southern sun, she found her gaze inextricably drawn to the deathwalker. On the suit of armour that was as empty as the grassland around her. She watched him for a time, trying to glean some information he had not revealed – something he might not want revealed.
But asides from the casual swish of his black robes, and the rare clink of the plates composing his apparent body, the deathwalker was unenlightening.
Syla was resolved.
The noon warmth of the southern sun rested upon her shoulders, as she moved to the deathwalker’s side.
“Good afternoon.” she greeted, almost awkwardly; restraining ample trepidation.
The armour inclined its helm, a small nod of acknowledgement.
“I would like to talk with you.”
“That seems obvious.” – The response was cold, almost antagonistic.
Syla let it pass, “Your knowledge of magic surprised me. I know the deep magics can be learnt by all the bloods, but very few non-magus even attempt to learn them. Usually with little success. Are you of the magus blood?”
“I have already told you the blood I was born to.”
“There are only five bloods,” Syla stated, “Deathwalkers are not among them.”
Llrsyring chuckled – a derisive, hard chuckle.
It annoyed her, “I am somewhat familiar with history. I recall some reference to what you named yourself, the Ellyan Taun. There was a war during that time; I believe your people were our enemy,” she paused, “We defeated them.”
The armour did not respond.
“Your race was purportedly removed from the land seven hundred years ago –”
“Eight.” Llrsyring interjected.
Syla’s features hardened, she knew the records – she had memorised more than a handful of them. And she would not succumb to misinformation.
“Seven hundred years ago, your race was fought and defeated because you posed a danger to our people. Because you threatened them. You probably will deny this –”
“The lies you choose to tell yourself, are none of my concern.” Llrsyring responded stolidly, “The elves failed to teach your race the folly of self-delusion.”
“The elves have been extinct for more than a century. I fail to see the value of –”
The armour stopped, and wheeled, “Yes Syla, you fail. You fail to see the tool you have been forged into. You fail to see the truth, and worse yet you fail to see your blindness. You think yourself knowledgeable, but you fail to heed your pride – and as for your magic,” he chuckled, lightly amused, “You are a child, believing your comprehend what you cannot. You are useless and utterly untalented – a failed magus.”
– That struck more than a nerve.
“And you are a criminal, necromancer.” she returned in vehemence, “Some foul demon-thing. You are disgusting, a violation of nature. You should die.”
“I already did. Eight hundred years ago. And I am born to the sixth blood, though that may be a crime.”
Syla paused, and let the deathwalker pass her. She suppressed the rage under what lingered of her self-assuredness; he was an enemy trying to unseat her. And to some point he had succeeded – but he had lied. There were only five bloods. She would not let his lies challenge her; she would study him, as she had magic and history and law. Meticulous study would reveal a weakness.
She enforced her assuredness of that.

*     *     *

Delphanas was quiet. The corridors were devoid of activity, and the darkness of night had crept upon the ring city. Only the flickering of the cressets illuminated the hallways. The shadows cast onto the marbled stone of the walls pranced amidst orange glow, verging on crimson, and their sharp, dark edges whipped to and fro in chaotic beauty.
The heat of the fire struck the frozen surface of his eyes as he made his way down the corridor. The door loomed in the simple hellishness of the flame-lit wall. Its frame, austere and placid by daylight, now seemed foreboding and cavernous, shrouding the door in darkness.
Ormus was undisturbed by the surroundings, whether by the glow of daylight or the savageness of torches – his mind, as always, had cut through his doubt and fixated on a course of action unrelentingly. He opened the entrance, and walked into the room. As he closed the aperture behind him he met the harsh gaze of the man.
High Magus Ragmurath stared at him with malicious indignation, from across the space warmed and lit by a fire. The man was tall and thin, though neither quality was in unpleasant excess. He had short, dark hair – tainted with offending grey, and the follicles were smoothed neatly back over his head. He was well shaven, which added to the defiant youth of his face – though his skin was coarse and pitted, and the roughness was worsened by the wrinkles that had transgressed across his features. However, his aquiline nose was the centrepiece for his most defining quality – the furrows were most pronounced around his sharp, blue eyes, which were narrowed in an unremitting glare of contempt that met the perpetual sneer formed by his thin lips.
“This is improper, Elder Archivist,” Ragmurath said, “You do not have the right to enter my quarters unannounced. Or is this city free from all courtesy as well as law?”
“High Magus Ragmurath,” Ormus returned flatly, “I must speak with you.”
“I do not have the time,” the man replied, “You will leave or I will have you removed.”
The empty threat had no effect on the Elder Archivist – nor would it have had, had it been sincere.
“I am here on behalf of Ammandorn. What Phio has done – this business with the Tome of Acrius, it is vile and illegal.” Ragmurath met him with a cold, disdaining silence; Ormus continued, “I intend to oppose it, and, I am quite certain, so do you.” he paused and without requesting permission from his host moved – under the High Magus’ reprimanding gaze – to the far wall. Parting the doors of the veneered mahogany cabinet, rested against the marble façade, the Elder Archivist removed a bottle of wine and poured two glasses.
The aroma of the claret wafted up to his nose; sweet and delicate. 
Ormus approached Ragmurath – whose condescending glare maintained its integrity as he received the second glass.
The Elder Archivist continued, “I do not know how exactly it is that you plan to overcome your superior – but I am certain you have or will devise a way to countermand Hadrath and turn the Tribunal to your side.”
“I would advise you be careful Elder Archivist,” Ragmurath said coolly, “You have just accused a member of the Tribunal of contemplating treason. Such an offence cannot go unnoticed.”
“Phio and Hadrath have already committed treason – hence any act that brings them to justice cannot be considered such.”
Ragmurath was taken aback by the response. Gradually, he sipped the wine.
“You are planning something, if you will not admit it.” Ormus repeated, “And as I also have devised a plan, I believe we should collaborate together in this.”
Ragmurath sneered, “You expect me to trust you? You have been friends with Hadrath for many years.”
“Hadrath has betrayed me.” Ormus stated, “I thought that I could rely upon him to meet this foolishness with adherence to his principles. But instead the Staff-Bearer has chosen to sanction this blatant disregard for the law.” the Elder Archivist paused, his voice had strayed into anger; he returned to the even tone and directness he preferred, “I went to see him, to ask how he could not have decided to oppose Phio – he told me that the law demanded his servitude. And that to do otherwise would breach the founding principles he swore to serve. He betrayed Ammandorn with those words.” Ormus paused, “The Staff-Bearer is a traitor, as is Elder Archivist Phio. It was he – not the Assembly, which discovered and introduced the Prophecy –”
“That does not make you any less guilty.” Ragmurath hissed.
Ormus eyed him harshly; the frozen distance of his eyes reprimanded even the contemptuous and conceited High Magus, “The Assembly is under the thrall of an influential leader – they are not the ones responsible for this. I intend to bring Phio to justice – and in my endeavour, I ask for your help.”
Ragmurath regarded him doubtfully for a moment, before he answered, “Very well.”
Ormus took a mouthful from the glass; its flavour held a smooth, restrained tartness, “It is not a simple undertaking – Phio has already garnered the support of the Assembly, and unfortunately they trust him. They weigh his opinion in bias to either Rethan’s or mine. Formal opposition is therefore ineffective. And the only institution that has the capacity to defy Phio has conceded defeat. Unless we remove Hadrath.”
“How do you propose to do that?” Ragmurath enquired.
“He must die.”
Ragmurath could not restrain a malicious smile, as it mingled with the astonishment of raised brows. The High Magus shifted a ruffle in his robes, before he placed the glass on the wooden mantelpiece above the fire, “I see.”
“Hadrath is a criminal. He has gone against the law – a law that warrants the penalty of death.”
Ragmurath remained silent.
“Hadrath is not a leader who rules by loyalty – he rules by status. He commanded the Tribunal to concede under his authority, even when it was clear the others did not entirely agree with him. If we eliminate him there will be no support for his position.”
“And how exactly are you going to kill him?”
“I am not.” Ormus answered bluntly, “You are.”
The High Magus had suspected the answer – and as no shock rose to his face, instead, calculated menace moved into his gaze, “You are asking me to commit treason for you.”
Ormus did not relinquish from the stare that they held as he replied, “It would be difficult for me to arrange an assassin. And it would risk discovery of my plan.”
“So you prefer to place the guilt upon me?” Ragmurath countered, “I am not so foolish.”
“You will do it.” Ormus stated, “Because you were already planning this. You knew there was no other way to deal with Hadrath – and even if you found it objectionable you would have served the law.”
“You are correct, Archivist.” Ragmurath returned with an edge of spite.
Ormus downed the last of his wine, “Then I ask that you do not defer from your intentions. Have the Staff-Bearer killed.”
Ragmurath let his countenance fade into stillness; he met Ormus gaze for a long minute before he gave his answer, “Very well. But before I make myself an accessory to whatever other crimes you intend to commit, you must outline to me the fullness of your,” his sneer widened in appreciation of the term, “– endeavour.”
“Phio is protected. I cannot simply kill him – that would not counter the support for his cause. This matter is beyond its leader. However, Phio can provide the avenue of discrediting the prophecy. I intend to convince him that Hadrath yielded in the deliberation as a ruse to allow time to mount a rebellion. The prophecy itself states the Tribunal are traitors, and as Phio believes it, he will react to it. He will undoubtedly institute measures to prevent the Magus from challenging the Archivists, and in that he will be guilty of an act of treason that has not been validated by a Staff-Bearer.”
The High Magus considered the plan for a while, but nodded in satisfaction. 
Ormus placed his empty glass on the mantelpiece beside the Magus, “You will return to the Magus Keep. When I am ready, I will send word.”
As Ormus turned and moved towards the door, Ragmurath remarked, “It is unfortunate that loyalty such as yours is not shared with the other Elder Archivists.”
Ormus paused, “When this is over, perhaps, we should instate a law that requires such.” 

*     *     *

Elle’dred had forgotten how frustratingly monotonous the flats of Thgad were. It had been sometime, since he had strayed this far west of the Warded-valley. The plains were oppressively level; only the rare outcropping of rocks broke through the pervading green of the grass. And the uncertain space of the flatlands seemed to have intruded amidst the party.
On the distant western horizon, the first small peaks of the Riven Mountains could be seen; the range lay beyond the furthest domains of Ammandorn, along the western edge of their land. Had it not been for the appearance of the peaks, he may never have suspected their march had made any progress at all.
Taedoran had used the ease of the terrain to increase their pace; their leader had driven them at a speed even the magus had trouble sustaining for more than a few hours.
Rest breaks had become commonplace – much to Taedoran’s annoyance. More than once, Elle’dred had caught the glares the Champion placed on their prisoner and their new party member; fortunately, for Ayadra’s sake, the incarnate could not be blamed.
Ayadra had stumbled once, tripped and fallen to the ground.
Taedoran had shouted, “Stand, Ayadra.”
The incarnate had flinched, but Elle’dred thought that more out of fear than anything else; it seemed Llrsyring had told the truth, Ayadra’s name no longer hurt him. Or bound him.
Ayadra had managed to stand, quickly – but Elle’dred could tell he was exhausted. The incarnate forced himself onwards, despite it. In silence.
The incarnate was too afraid not to.
Elle’dred was certain if Taedoran continued like this, Ayadra would die of exhaustion – followed likely, soon after by both of the magus. Even he and Hheirdane had begun to show the strain.
The only one unaffected was Llrsyring.
Their new party member. Elle’dred could not deny the armour’s presence was now firmly entrenched in their midst; despite both magus’, Hheirdane’s and Taedoran’s attempts to distance him from the group.
Llrsyring seemed not to mind, holding a place on the periphery without as much as a word.
Elle’dred had caught the argument he and Syla had had the day before; Syla had been silent since – and angry; her pale features were locked in a furious iciness.
Only Syla and he had spoken with Llrsyring, beyond their first encounter – and while he had seemed amiable to Elle’dred, where the magus were concerned the deathwalker, as Syla had called him, was evidently antagonistic. That fact only increased his suspicion Llrsyring wanted to distance him from the others – as did the fact that Llrsyring knew of his prejudice towards the magus.
But the underlying doubt he had suppressed – that Taedoran, and the magus he served had kept something from him, disputed his doubts over Llrsyring.
He wanted to the hells for everything to be clear – instead of this constant confliction.
He wanted Llrsyring to be an enemy, for simplicity’s sake.
As the day began to draw to a close, they were directed to a large outcrop – a jagged, grey ridge stabbing upwards from the interminable level green. Taedoran ordered them to make camp there. 
A fire was permitted.
The ridge would protect the light from the west, and the openness of the plains; and it seemed they were distant enough from the forest not to have to fear an attack or that a force of enemies had followed them onto the flats.
Darkness swallowed the flatness of the land surrounding them and their half-circle of flame-light, at the base of the ridge. 
As the two magus prepared a stew from their supplies, Elle’dred fed Ayadra the hard ration Taedoran had allocated to him. Lying the food down near enough for Ayadra to retrieve it when he was no longer too terrified of his guard’s proximity, Elle’dred left the restrained incarnate at the base of the ridge. He moved casually to the deathwalker’s side.
“I don’t suppose you would like some food?” he asked.
Llrsyring chuckled.
“What are you?”
– He did not expect a response, but he could not help the question.
“I am dead.” the armour responded.
“You gave that answer. Care to explain yourself further?”
“No. It is not important.”
“It is important to me.” Elle’dred paused, “You are the strangest thing I’ve ever encountered. Even Ayadra doesn’t compare. And you aren’t at our mercy.” – The joke felt tasteless in his mouth.
“He doesn’t deserve to be chained.”
“He tried to escape – he is dangerous.”
“Do you believe that?” – The question held no provocation.
Elle’dred responded with silence, and a dejected expression.
“I thought as much.” Llrsyring muttered.
“What in the hells are you?” Elle’dred could not conjure a better question.
Llrsyring chuckled.
The knight paused for a moment, then posited in a lowered voice, “If you will not tell me what you are, can you at least tell me why I can’t convince myself you are an enemy?” – despite myself, he paused, “I think it may be mostly because you rile that arrogant bastard in charge, but I can’t be sure – you have my thanks in that regard.” 
The helm loosed a brief chortle, “You are welcome.”
“Why don’t I distrust you? Why do I get the feeling I shouldn’t distrust you? I can barely dislike you. Why?”
“Perhaps because I am so charming?” Llrsyring quipped, “Or perhaps because you are not blind to the world around you.”
Elle’dred frowned; that wasn’t an answer.
“Why do you hate the magus so much?” he asked, after a long silence.
The helm glanced at him, “That is too long and dividing a tale. And if I told you, you would find things that you would then rather forget.”
– Subversion; Elle’dred recognised it. Once again, Llrsyring was trying to use his suspicions to divide him from the others, after feigning to warn him about it. Cleverly insidious – but the armour was right. There was something he did not know, which Taedoran did – something Taedoran did not want him to know. And that perturbed him, though not enough to trust the armour. 
For the moment anyway, he did not have the conviction or the energy to attempt to uncover what that secret was; an argument with Taedoran would be taxing, likely unsuccessful, and might have inadvertent consequences, to others as much as to him.
He glanced at Ayadra; the incarnate nibbled tentatively on the ration he had been given. His hands still quaked visibly. He was still in pain.
“Are you going to betray us?” – Again, tactless. He had abandoned tact.
The armour chuckled lightly, and returned, “What answer would you like to that question?”
Elle’dred smirked.

Two days passed across the flatness of the plains. Taedoran had relinquished their pace to something more manageable – even he could no longer feign endurance.
Elle’dred reasoned it had been a ploy to extricate the deathwalker from their midst; but clearly it had failed. And summarily exhausted many of the party members.
As they trudged onwards towards the west, near midday, the knight’s alertness was reawakened. 
– A plume of dust rose on the horizon. With ears to the ground, the thrumming of a great multitude of feet could be heard – undoubtedly a host of soldiers.
It had to be soldiers; they were still too far east for it to be goblins.
If a goblin force of a magnitude enough to create such a plume of dust, and sounds in the earth, had managed to make it this far beyond their western defences, they had already lost the war. Small skirmishing bands could easily slip past the line of keeps to the west; but not a whole war band – such a force would not go unnoticed for long, and would be intercepted by their armies long before it reached this far east.
Still, that dread clung to Elle’dred; and the apprehension, that if they were seen, they would be slaughtered without opposition.
Taedoran did not heed the same concerns – he ordered them on ahead, towards the plume of dust.
Elle’dred protested, even Hheirdane concurred; but their leader, in his greatest show of conceit yet, overruled them.
Under the Champion of the Tribunal’s authority, they proceeded to march across the plains.
The plume grew closer.
It was already too close. Elle’dred knew they would be spotted at any moment, if they had not already been seen – but as the dust parted on the edge of the horizon to reveal vague shapes, his trepidation eased. He could spy the vague semblance of horses, in the distance across the dull green – goblins did not use horses.
The force was one of theirs – confirmed as the outriders, bearing fluttering banners of emerald green, emblazoned with a silver tiger, neared.
Taedoran ordered the party to a halt, turning to Elle’dred he said, “Make sure that the prisoner is kept hidden.” – Ayadra wouldn’t need hiding if you hadn’t attracted the attention of a damned army; the knight repressed his frustration, it would do little good now.
The outriders drew closer; four soldiers, atop three chestnut geldings, and a black destrier. Mounted upon the black, the woman bore the insignia of a General, commander of an army – a golden sash hung from an electrum-chased pauldron covering her right shoulder and bearing Thgad’s silver tiger device; her emerald tabard displaying the same was edged in white and black, and a draping of white cloaked her left shoulder, above a black vambrace. She wore leathers, underneath her trappings, and a mottled green-grey cloak fixed to her shoulders; her face was obscured by a silver helm, crested in white horsehair complete with a faceplate cast into the likeness of the silver tiger’s ferocity.
She held up her hand to draw her riders to a halt, ten paces from the party.
The outriders paused for a moment, and the General lifted the face-plate of her helm away from her dark brown features; Elle’dred could see she had long ago lost an eye, and a more recent untended wound on her fore-head had released and crusted red across her brow and cheek. Blood had spattered across her tabard, and had left red stains in the white draping on her left.
“State your names.” she shouted across the still air.
“I am Taedoran of Ygoth, Champion of the Magus Tribunal.” Their leader gestured for them to remain silent.
Handing her pike to the lieutenant beside her, the General dismounted, removed her helmet and approached the party. She brushed a plait of long black hair clear of her shoulder, and surveyed each of them – she tensed noticeably, and her gaze lingered warily of the strange suit of armour in their midst.
She stopped before the Champion of the Tribunal, and gave a short bow, “Milord,” – she was, in technicality, a rank below Taedoran and Elle’dred, but still it seemed an unnecessary courtesy to the Champion of the White Wolf, “I am General Persedes, commander of the fifth army.”
Taedoran regarded her with the same casual disdain he showed Elle’dred, “I require the use of your men.”
“I cannot obey that order, milord.” she returned.
Elle’dred could not see their leader’s face, but Taedoran’s voice expressed the cold rage mounting unseen, “Explain.”
“The fifth army has been tasked with hunting down a goblin war band that assembled somewhere in the centre of the plains. Already they have attacked villages throughout the Seven Lakes, and mounted an unsuccessful assault on the town of Arthyden to the north.”
Taedoran did not take long to consider the information – it shocked Elle’dred severely; the goblins had breached their western defences with a measure of cunning they had not shown before. Their alliance with the Immortal had already demonstrated its worth, to Ammandorn’s disadvantage.
“I require your army’s assistance for only a short time. It will not hinder your mission. You will obey my order, under the authority of the magus Tribunal.”
The General met his gaze for a moment, then glanced over him to the deathwalker again – and across the cloaked figure of their prisoner.
“I would enquire why you need our aid?”
“Do you refuse my order?” Taedoran growled.
Persedes’ eye narrowed, but sharply she replied, “No, milord.”
“Bring your men here. They are to ignore the others of my party, except for the one I direct you to. And you are not speak of meeting us to anyone, by the Tribunal’s order. Is that understood?”
“Yes, milord.”
Elle’dred watched, as she turned and remounted her destrier – Ayadra’s chains shook gently behind him, and in his hand; the incarnate was palpably terrified. Ayadra had no doubt overheard what was said, as well as he, as well as Llrsyring.
Taedoran waited, in silence, as the outriders returned to the main force; several silent minutes passed before the plume of dust and the thrum of horses’ hooves, and the marching of feet grew to dominate the air.
The army approached, and surrounded them – a tide of men and women, armoured and armed, swept away the green of the plains beneath an uncountable number of boots. The torrent of soldiers parted around their position until they were entirely encircled, and the torrent came to a halt. The army watched the three soldiers, the two magus, and their incarnate prisoner.
And the deathwalker.
Ayadra’s chains stopped shaking, as the massive cordon of guards surrounded them and a crowded silence fell across the small circle of grassland. The incarnate’s terror froze Elle’dred’s back.
Taedoran turned, on his heel, and shot a glare at the armour, “Deathwalker. By the right of the Tribunal, I charge you with crimes against the state, and condemn you to death. You face your judgement, here and now.” he paused, “The guilty is permitted a last statement.”
Llrsyring said nothing.
Taedoran gestured for the party to stand aside, while their leader moved to the General’s horse, “Order your pikemen to surround it.”
The General complied with a shout; a ring of pikemen filed out from the ranks and surrounded the suit of armour.
Llrsyring met Taedoran’s gaze with the emptiness and silence of his eyeholes.
Taedoran glared, “Kill it.”
Although uncertainty pervaded their ranks, the soldiers obeyed at once.
A dozen spearheads thrust – and impaled Llrsyring on all sides. Metal shrieked, rent by force and sharpness, muffled by the susurration of fraying robes and the groaning of wood. The power of the shafts, and the men behind them, lifted the suit of armour off the ground; pinioned aloft on a dozen pikes. But no blood leaked from the armour, no sound of perforated flesh, or cry of pain emanated from the empty hollowness within.
Several soldiers threw concerned and questioning glances at their superiors.
Apprehension flickered to life amidst the army surrounding them – as palpable as the incarnate’s fear.
“Withdraw.” Taedoran shouted.
The pikemen stepped back, dragging their weapons free of Llrsyring.
The armour clattered to the ground, amidst his robes, lay still – then moved. Llrsyring lifted himself from the ground with his plated limbs, found his feet, and stood.
Astonishment – and fear swept in waves across the army; a number of soldiers cried in dismay; all the pikemen backed a further step in shock.
Llrsyring stood at their centre, silent and defiant of an army of soldiers.
Taedoran did not seem surprised; nor did Elle’dred – though the knight was afflicted by sudden and forceful consternation; Llrsyring’s nature had been revealed to an entire army. If the bull-incarnates, like the one they had encountered on the river had assumed command of the goblin forces, fear of such impossible enemies would already have shaken the troop’s morale – the impact of an empty suit of armour immune to their blows might shatter it completely.
Taedoran had engineered another incident without considering the after-effects of his actions.
Suddenly, Elle’dred hoped for all their sakes that Llrsyring would die here – however many blows it took. 
“Again.” Taedoran shouted.
Despite their fear, the circle of soldiers advanced and thrust; pikes perforated Llrsyring’s robes, his armour, and wrenched through screams of metal clear of his other sides. Pikes crossed in the hollow centre of the deathwalker.
“Withdraw.” Taedoran growled.
Again, the pikemen retreated, and again the suit of armour clattered to the ground. And again, Llrsyring staggered to his feet. The hollow encasing of his leg rattled through quivers, one might’ve assumed to be pain had the deathwalker been alive.
But he stood, facing the Champion of the Tribunal, in spite of over a dozen perforations of his body.
Astonishment turned to bewilderment and horror, and panic clawed at the breeze.
Elle’dred, Ayadra, and the party were trapped at the centre of growing storm of fear – if the soldiers lost their self-control, or their General lost command of her men, they might all be trampled under the rush of terrified boots.
Because their damned leader had taken offence to Llrsyring.
Taedoran’s features were cold; his eyes burned.
Disturbed, and aware she might lose control of her army at any moment, the General threw a glance at the silent Champion. Her hand tensed around the hilt of her sword.
Llrsyring’s leg continued to shake; tattered holes hung amidst the folds of his robes, and the metal of his left hand was warped by the impact of a pike. But he stood.
Silent and empty.
Taedoran took a step forward, towards the line of pikemen. The soldiers held their ground yet, but their hands trembled around their weapons. And fear held every man and woman’s eyes.
Taedoran continued, approaching the standing deathwalker. He drew his sword.
He roared. He charged. He raised his sword. And stabbed.
Brutal. Powerful. Down, through Llrsyring’s eyehole.
The Champion’s sword grated and screeched as it passed through the emptiness of the helm, and split the metal on its far side; Taedoran’s blade stabbed clean through the armour’s head, driven to its base against the deathwalker’s eyehole.
Taedoran released a breath.
Llrsyring’s leg stopped quaking. His fingers flexed limply. He was silent – and collapsed. The empty suit of armour dropped to its knees; Taedoran dragged his blade free; Llrsyring clattered to the ground, empty and motionless. Dead.
The panic of the army eased.
Elle’dred released a pent breath.
Taedoran sucked in a ragged pant of anger or victory; recovered himself, sheathed his sword and turned to the General.
Elle’dred stared at the unmoving suit of armour – in relief, and silent indignation.
“Leave it to rot.” Taedoran concluded, “You can return to your mission.”
An order for the others to resume their march was given, followed by the General’s command to move out.
The army turned through a thunder of feet and hooves to the northeast, though a faint horror accompanied their strides; the tide of soldiers parting around the knights, magus, their prisoner and leader, while they themselves turned northwest to resume their course.
Elle’dred threw one last glance back at the motionless suit or armour, lying across the green grass.
Dead.

They continued. Despite the obscene danger their leader had placed them into, despite the risk of failing their mission or exposing Ayadra.
Elle’dred watched the man with utter contempt; an argument was long overdue.
“Was that damn well necessary?” – The words were exclaimed with the culminated gall of weeks. The words did not suffice, he wanted to beat the bastard’s face in.
Taedoran paused, and turned to meet his gaze.
Arrogance and triumph increased the scorn in his gaze to a measure no different than that he regarded their prisoner – and the deathwalker, with.
A scowl that said, you are no better than that thing behind you, accompanied the man’s flat, impassive question, “You would hesitate to do all that you could to bring an enemy of the state to justice, knight?”
Elle’dred seethed; his hand itched for the hilt of his sword.
“Would you hesitate to uphold your duty, knight?”
He did not reply.
Taedoran took a step towards him, “If you ever question the need of my orders again, I will hold you in contempt of the law. The punishment for which, in a time of war, is death.”
– Elle’dred’s hand moved to his waist. And was stopped.
By a sound akin to the dying echo of a tempest’s howl.
Hheirdane’s sword whistled from its scabbard into the air; the magus both uttered sharp exclamations; as Taedoran wheeled.
Llrsyring’s notched blade rested across their leader’s throat.
“Tell me one reason why I should not kill you.” the echoed voice of the deathwalker asked impassively.
Taedoran did not respond.
The silence of the plains was as sharp as the deathwalker’s beared blade. 
Elle’dred was stunned.
Llrsyring lowered his sword.
The armour glanced past the Champion of the Tribunal, and met the eyes of the Champion of the White Wolf, “I hope this proves I am not your enemy.” he paused, and returned his eyeholes to their leader, “Do not think for one moment you can be free of me. You failed.” 
 

Chapter 13

And so the Andarae, the wyverns and the elves took to the river, and moved to the Fourth Heaven. The Andarae took with them water from the Well of All, and poured it onto the land. This formed the Lake of All Things, and at once it caught and held the light of the three heavens. The Elves brought with them five trees, the most beautiful of saplings from their heaven. They put the saplings to the ground, and sang. Their songs became the spirits of the world and were bound to the five flourishing trees.

*     *     *

Ayadra trudged forward. Their march continued across the green expanse of the plains.
As ever, he was exhausted. And the sleepless nights, harried by the nightmare of his torture, had weakened him further.
He forced himself on.
But it was something his body could endure for only so long. Inevitably, over-tiredness would preclude even the force of fear. Eventually, he would collapse – he might die.
As they crossed the same stretch of grassland they seemed to have traversed each day for too long, Ayadra forced his legs into a rhythm that matched his guards. Elle’dred led him by his chains; the knight did not reprimand him when he fell out of pace – the knight would pause for as long as was possible to allow him to recover. For that small mercy, he was grateful.
But he had begun to fall out of pace too often, despite his efforts. Soon, there would be no leeway for a pause. Ayadra quickened his stride, but the burst of speed lasted only a few moments. 
And his sight, obscured by the folds of his cowl, failed to discern a small mound that lay across his path, behind his guard. A step too quick, surpassed his exhausted reflexes.
His foot caught the small rise out of the interminable flatness around him – and he tripped.
He was sent sprawling.
– Pain shot through his side. From his quarrel wound.
More pain than could be managed with a wince and breathing. Pain that flared intensely as he attempted to regain his feet.
Ayadra dropped back to the ground, clutching at his side.
– He moaned.
“Ayadra –” Elle’dred began. But the knight’s concern was cut off by the angry voice of his primary guard.
“Stand.” Taedoran growled, from some distance away, hidden by his cowl.
Fear beat in his chest. His quarrel wound replied – he could not.
But he tried.
Levering himself up on an arm, he tried to stand, again – and collapsed back to the ground. He could not stifle a yelp. He knew his resistance would anger his guard further, as would his noise – his heart pounded in his ears.
“Stand, Ayadra.” Taedoran ground out again.
His quarrel wound refused.
“Stand, Ayadra. Or you will be punished.” – The proffered threat elicited a whimper of fear. 
Ayadra clutched at his wound – he could not obey, however much he wanted to.
There would be punishment – that –
Please, no.
“He is exhausted.” Elle’dred came to his defence.
“Stand, Ayadra.” his primary guard paid no heed to the knight, “Or –”
“You will not harm him.” – The strange, echoed voice of the suit of armour stated the words implacably; Llrsyring’s tone was as hard as the metal of his empty helm.
Ayadra was stunned. Beyond the obscurement of his cowl, he heard the clink of plates move between him and the source of Taedoran’s voice; the suit of armour, that had terrified him with his first appearance, stood between him and his primary guard.
Llrsyring had obtained a few seconds. Precious seconds.
Despite the pain – because of his fear – Ayadra forced himself to his feet. He bit his lip until it bled to stifle a cry, but he managed it. He stood; silent, obedient, in pain. He still clutched at his side.
A small glance up, concealed by his cowl, revealed Taedoran’s angry face – the face that visited him each night in his nightmares – yet glaring at him over Llrsyring’s shoulder. The helm had turned to look at him, as he stood. For a moment, he was certain Llrsyring met his glance up – with the emptiness of a socket.
He lowered his gaze to the ground, quickly.
His primary guard turned away, and resumed pace.
Ayadra followed, despite the pain of his wound. As did Elle’dred, beside him.
The day passed.
He was intensely grateful when the sun fell behind the small peaks in the southwest, and his guards were ordered to set up camp. His wound had faded to a dull throbbing sometime during the day; though he did know if endurance or exhaustion had served to overcome the injury. 
A fire was prepared by his guards. As ever, his chains were secured to the ground. He was granted a ration. He was grateful.
No blanket was permitted.
He shivered, until the unwanted depths of sleep took him. 
He dreamed. He burned.
The nightmare of the manacles, the face and the flames tormented him in his sleep.
– He woke with a gasp. And fear.
An instinctual glance up showed he had not woken the guard he dreaded.
Ayadra continued to tremble. 
Despite it, he fought to quieten his heavy breathing. He could not afford sound; and the night’s cold air stung his throat. 
Every night – he could not escape the dreams. 
He was so tired. Each night he woke with a gasp. The soreness that yet lingered, tied to the same trauma that haunted his dreams, had not left. Most nights he pulled at his chains. The manacles’ immovable hold stimulated his wrists.
He grimaced.
– A sound.
He glanced behind him. And met the fire-lit glint of a guard’s eyes.
Hheirdane’s eyes.
The man glared at him with the same quiet rage he knew too well. The same anger that had dragged him to a blacksmith’s – and that watched him every night in his dreams. Hheirdane’s eyes were so angry – more so than Taedoran. And they were hurt –
Fear, immediately, dragged Ayadra’s head down; he shifted as quickly as tentativeness would allow, to conceal his face in the depths of his cowl.
He had not meant to meet his guard’s eyes – he did not want to be punished.
His heart thrummed with renewed force in his chest; and his weary muscles braced reflexively for the reprimand that was expected. He trembled.
He waited.
– Someone approached.
The clink of metal plates broke through the crackle of the campfire, as Llrsyring knelt down beside his huddled form; the odd scrape of the armour’s plated tail, moved across the ground as he sat. The strange suit of armour reached out – and placed the weight of a blanket over him.
Its warmth helped to ease his trembling.
There was a long pause; Llrsyring did not move away.
“Nightmares?” the echoed voice asked, gently.
Ayadra was stunned; that a guard might speak to him with the expectation of a response – other than a fearful shake or nod of his head – bewildered him. He did not know what to do –
Llrsyring waited.
Did his guard want him to answer? Was it a command? If he was disobeying a command by remaining silent, he would be punished –
No. 
He knew Llrsyring would not punish him. He knew Llrsyring meant no harm – the suit of armour had said so himself. But some part of him knew, beyond doubt or fear, that this deathwalker – this ancient necromancer would not harm him.
Somehow he knew, though he did not know how.
Still, the fear branded on him by trauma would not allow him to meet the helm’s empty sockets – or speak. 
After a long silence had passed, unanswered, the deathwalker stood, and turned to move away.
“Thank…you.” – His throat ached sharply, and a wild panic stifled his voice further – but he wanted to say the words. He needed to say them.
The deathwalker paused, and turned back to him, “You’re welcome. I’m sorry I can do no more.”
Ayadra did not respond further; he had already dared too much.
Llrsyring moved away – and returned to pace the perimeter of the camp, beside Elle’dred, stationed on watch.
– Ayadra glanced up, at the back of the robed suit of armour. For a moment.
Tentatively, he drew the blanket as tightly as he could.
His arms stung; he winced. 
But he was warm.
Once again, unavoidably, exhaustion weighed on his body. And despite his trepidation, his desire to avoid it – sleep would come. It would bring the nightmare. Again.
For some further minutes, Ayadra tried to remain conscious.
He was so tired.
He dozed. Slowly, he fell asleep.
He dreamed – he burned.

Elle’dred paced the camp’s perimeter; the second shift of watch duty was passing as slowly as it had every other night. Ayadra woke again from a nightmare; each night Ayadra would wake, again and again with a stifled scream. And inevitably fall back asleep, because of the exhaustion a day’s march had inflicted on him. The incarnate had suffered enough for one lifetime.
He chastised the thought; the incarnate was his prisoner, he had tried to escape, he deserved –
He didn’t believe any of those things. Ayadra deserved better, even if he was the weapon of the Immortal. The weapon of the Immortal; on reflection, Elle’dred had not realised how terrifying the incarnate was – or had been.
Elle’dred did not know what Ayadra was capable of; he believed he had seen a glimpse of the incarnate’s power on the riverbank that night. But Ayadra had not been in control of himself – he had been dreaming. Elle’dred wondered if that was part of his design; maybe Ayadra was innocent, completely innocent, when he was awake; but when he was asleep, a dreaming magic would take control of him, and – kill people.
Eighteen men and women had died that night.
The flying incarnate, lashing out with talons that had dealt wounds Elle’dred had never before seen, and hardly think he could stomach, had been terrifying. Ayadra had a power to break iron manacles, and to tear a person’s throat out. But only when he was asleep. Only when he had no choice of his own.
That was evil. That was Elle’dred’s definition of evil.
Elle’dred could not deny his sympathy.
Llrsyring stood on the perimeter of the camp, at the edge of the firelight, unsleeping, silent and empty. As always.
Elle’dred threw a quick glance at the impenetrable darkness of the plains, surrounding the small circle of light that defined their camp; a watch seemed futile, only hearing served to perceive danger. 
He moved alongside the suit of armour.
“I suppose I had better thank you. For what you did for Ayadra today. Taedoran’s been so occupied with hating you he has forgotten to mistreat him at every turn.”
“The Champion has done enough damage.” 
Elle’dred sighed; Llrsyring was right.
“Can I ask how you survived today?”
“I did not.”
Frustration surfaced briefly, but gave way to simple incomprehension and incredulity; inoffensively, though once more tactlessly, he asked, “Can you die?”
Llrsyring did not answer immediately, “Yes.” came the subdued reply.
But he had answered. Elle’dred was surprised.
“What does it take to kill you?” he asked, almost reflexively – the answer had been innocent, but its delivery was almost insulting; realising his indiscretion, he hastily rephrased, “What are you?”
Llrsyring chuckled lightly, “Are you going to ask me that until I answer you?”
“You’re like nothing else in this world,” Elle’dred paused, and glanced at the incarnate, “– not even Ayadra.”
“He is very different from me,” Llrsyring answered, “He is far more. However, you are correct in one assumption; I am not of this world.”
Elle’dred was unnerved by the admission, “Then what?”
“If only to satisfy your curiosity – and not to foster trust, I will answer you. I am touched by a nether, my form is not my own. Hope that you never understand what that means.”
“That is not an answer.”
Llrsyring chuckled again, “It is the only answer I care to give. If you trust me, in the days we have before us, I will explain what I am to you. Providing, of course, your leader’s stupidity does not get you killed before the end.”
For a brief, albeit – insane moment, Elle’dred felt that he could trust the suit of armour beside him. His suspicion – and what the knight regarded as reason returned momentarily, however.
“Can I ask about that vanishing act of yours? Twice now I’ve seen you turn to smoke and disappear, or reappear in one case.”
“That’s another very long answer.”
And that was no answer at all.
Elle’dred paused, a long silence passed the darkness and the flames of the fire behind them – small sounds, grunts, a whimper drew his attention. Ayadra twitched, underneath his blanket; again, as he had earlier in the night. Before waking with a startled gasp. The incarnate was dreaming; he was having a nightmare. Again.
A fleeting wariness still crossed the knight; Ayadra had been dreaming the night he escaped – but the pang faded under the consolation that Ayadra had been dreaming every night since, and had yet to break his chains and kill them.
“Why didn’t you intervene on the night Ayadra escaped?” he asked the armour, “Why didn’t you help us then?”
“You would’ve assumed I was an enemy, and attacked me. As you did when we met.” Llrsyring paused, “And I could not intervene.”
– That sparked his suspicion. Distrust returned in full force.
“Ten guards died on that riverbank. You could easily have spared them.” – The response came out more vehemently than he intended.
Llrsyring did not reply.
“How long were you watching us?”
“For the entirety of that night.”
Elle’dred had expected that answer, though he was not sure he wanted it – silently, he left the armour’s side to resume his patrol. The knot in his gut had returned, and he did not know what to think – he did not know what he wanted to think.

*     *     *

Another day passed across the flatness of the plains, under a cloud trammelled spring sky; their pace had been maintained at a manageable level. Elle’dred surmised Taedoran had realised the foolishness of driving them to death to spite an enemy he could not kill; although the knight reasoned more forcefully, that Taedoran simply could not march at an unmanageable pace and repress his growing rage simultaneously. Even his intransigence had limits.
But not for any good.
Elle’dred had seen that glint in his eye; that glint of fury and violence that had dragged their prisoner to a blacksmith’s. And worse now, Taedoran had no outlet for it. Elle’dred kept Ayadra – he would not allow their leader to abuse the incarnate, again. Not unless Ayadra tried to escape.
However, he suspected Llrsyring would intervene in that case – though whether he would stop Ayadra from escaping or simply from being punished, Elle’dred could not decide.

They were stopped an hour before dusk, and Taedoran ordered them to prepare camp.
Their small supply of firewood had reached its end, a collection of faggots, and a torch were all they had left to build their last fire before reaching the forest of An’dier – on the slopes of the Riven Mountains in the west.
The range filled the western horizon with the already sharp silhouettes of its peaks.
Elle’dred guessed they were yet three or four days away; and they would pass the Line of Keeps in two days’ time. He dreaded the prospect, Taedoran’s seething temper would likely motivate him to do something foolish – like entering the township of one of the fortresses.
And the same fiasco that had led to eighteen deaths, and the incident that had galvanised his sympathy for Ayadra would ensue, again.
He did not put their leader past such petty spite; and some part of him blamed Llrsyring for provoking the man.
As the magus tended the small blaze of their campfire – Syla chanted a low mantra over the flames which Dus appeared to magnify – Elle’dred laid a ration for Ayadra next to the incarnate’s cloak. Ayadra flinched reflexively at his approach, as always, but he caught the dull shivers that shook the looseness of the black material – Ayadra was cold.
The night was cold; and Ayadra was naked under his only piece of attire.
Elle’dred moved to a pack and removed a blanket, but as he approached the incarnate once more he was stopped. By his friend.
“It is not allowed a blanket.” Hheirdane stated to him.
“It is cold –”
Hheirdane pulled the blanket from his grasp, and shouldered past him.
“What is wrong with you?” he snapped – loudly; Syla glanced up at him.
The expostulation however, did not elicit a reaction from his fellow knight. Hheirdane stepped away to their packs, and knelt to return the blanket.
Elle’dred followed the man across the camp, and lowered himself beside the Sword-Bearer.
“What has you so angry?”
Hheirdane shot him a glare; the stoicism that normally marked his friend’s features was gone – broken by a look fraught with rage, and pain – and tiredness. Sunken exhaustion.
Hheirdane had not been sleeping; more than once, when Elle’dred had been on watch he had caught Hheirdane awake. He had thought to question him then, but he had had too much on his mind.
A deathwalker and incarnate preoccupied his thoughts.
“It is an enemy, Elle’dred. And yet you treat it like a poor child. It does not deserve your kindness. It deserves –” Hheirdane cut himself off.
“You’ve not been sleeping. Don’t think I haven’t noticed.”
“And don’t think I haven’t seen you speak with that thing –” Hheirdane shot a glare at the deathwalker, “You’ve let the damned beasts become your friends. They are our enemies. You have forgotten that.”
Hheirdane rose, and turned his back to him. The other knight trudged off, distancing himself from his friend and Champion.
Elle’dred stood; he glanced at Syla – she had been staring at them, and now met his gaze momentarily. Her eyes also glittered with disapproval, and anger.
But she looked away.
Hheirdane’s reaction disturbed him. His friend’s anger was more than – he ignored it; he didn’t desire a further confrontation, not this night.
Darkness fell over the small fire, sustained by a spell that prevented it from consuming its fuel in its normal ravening hunger. The others slept, or appeared to; Elle’dred was stationed on first watch.
Rather than the plains that rose as an encompassing wall of black around him, he watched his friend, the incarnate, and the deathwalker.
The knot in his gut had tightened.

Ayadra slept. Amidst his nightmares.
Amidst the flames. The pain, the face, the screams. The glow of the metal, the sizzle of his flesh. The crackle of the flames birthed from his skin. Like the dark face of his tormentor, the flames watched him.
They haunted his dreams.
They haunted his skin – 
The fire that tore from his flesh, when the heat of the metal had touched it – the burning provoked by burning. The flames. They sprung from him, from his skin. From his heart. He knew. He knew they were not mere flickers conjured from his surface – but that they dwelt deep within, and were only the smallest fragments of a much larger and more terrifying whole. The searing heat of the metal had merely served to call them up. In his dreams, he knew.
And they laughed. Beyond the searing glow of his manacles.
They hated him.
– He woke with a gasp, as he did each night. He panted. The chill bit at his skin; he shivered – he had not been permitted a blanket tonight. The warmth had disappeared again; he had to face the cold, naked and aching.
The shivers summoned the ebbing soreness in his wrists and neck. He grimaced. Despite the pain, he tried to rub his chest, rub the cold out of his lungs. His manacles pulled against his wrists.
Quickly, the motion was too painful to continue; more painful than the shivering.
– At least he had been fed, at least he had his cloak.
He shivered; he rubbed his chest.
Inadvertently, he pressed too hard against the muscles of his flank – his quarrel wound stabbed out in complaint. He winced; bit his lip to stifle a grunt. 
Llrsyring appeared out of the darkness beside him, suddenly and silently, like a shred of the night manifested into solidity. 
He started in surprise, against his volition – the movement pulled hard against his manacles. He bit back another groan.
“You are cold?” Llrsyring asked, rhetorically.
Ayadra did not respond.
Llrsyring moved away – he removed a blanket from one of the packs. Ayadra failed to suppress a pang of hope for warmth.
“It is not allowed a blanket.” the guard on watch growled at the armour. Hheirdane.
Ayadra caught the glint of the man’s eyes from amidst the draping folds of his cowl – his reflexive, alarmed glance up, was quickly corrected by the more prevalent fear. And by the abhorring glint of the man’s eyes – by the hatred illuminated by the fire. And the pain.
The armour did not respond; Llrsyring move back over to him, and draped the additional covering over his shoulders. The involuntary flinch, whenever someone came that near, or touched him, passed – and was replaced by fear.
He wished Llrsyring had not given him the blanket – but he was beyond grateful for it.
The deathwalker sat at his side – the guard on watch began to pace again. 
Ayadra sat, he did not know what to do; he was just grateful the blanket dulled the chill.
His stomach groaned, breaking the silence. He winced. Out of fear that Llrsyring might offend his other guards further by feeding him, and the panicked urge to assuage the sounds of his hunger, the whisper escaped the terrified tremble of his lips, “Thank…you.” 
“You’re welcome,” Llrsyring responded, “Why did you hesitate?”
Fear clenched his insides; he had not meant to hesitate – to offend –
“It seemed you wanted to say it, but you hesitated. You can thank me whenever you would like, you can even speak if you want to. I won’t be angry at you.” Llrsyring chuckled, “I know you think you cannot speak.”
Confusion unsettled Ayadra’s fear; even if he could speak, he had no idea what to say. He had no idea what Llrsyring was, or why he was so kind.
Ayadra lifted his head; the movement seemed completely unnatural – it provoked the soreness of his flesh beneath the collar – but he wanted to. He wanted to look at Llrsyring.
For a moment; then his dread was too much to contain, and he let his head fall again.
“I’m not going to punish you Ayadra.” – Llrsyring somehow knew what he thought, “You have done nothing wrong.” he paused, “Although if you can, I would like to speak with you.”
Ayadra was stunned.
A long silence resisted the cold between him and the deathwalker.
“The last person…I spoke…to…was…angry at me.”
A pause.
“See, that wasn’t so hard.” Llrsyring chuckled.
Ayadra liked the sound – it was kind.
Elle’dred had tried to be kind – he had been kind. And Ayadra had thanked him – Elle’dred had hated him the next day.
He still did not know what had happened – what had happened between his falling asleep, and waking with a crossbow bolt in his side. He did not remember breaking his chains, or escaping, or killing people – he had heard that he had killed people. He did not remember.
All he remembered was the dream, the maiden, the shadows – flying. He had flown; he had wounded Hheirdane. He remembered – in that moment; somehow, he remembered. 
He had used his wings, the slack cape of skin and spines that draped from his back had extended and unfurled – and he had flown. Through the darkness, under the veil of starlight, above the banks of the river. 
And he had used his talon – to wound Hheirdane.
He remembered.
Hheirdane hated him – was that why?
Was that – there was something else, but it fleeted past his memory too swiftly too –
Alarm.
Llrsyring had stood at his side; the helm turned to the darkness of the plains behind him, his cloak had been thrown across his shoulder, and a gauntlet grasped one of the hilts at his waist.
– Crack. 
Ayadra heard it – somewhere in the darkness – distant – a sound. Movement. It was not one of his guards, and there was no light where it had come from.
“Ayadra. Don’t move. Don’t draw attention.” The helm looked down at him, “I’ll protect you.” Llrsyring took a step away; louder, the empty armour said amidst an echo, “Hheirdane, if you value your life, goblins approach, wake the others.”
Steel sang as it was drawn.
Ayadra huddled underneath his cloak, naked, vulnerable, and chained to the ground.
He trembled in fear.

Elle’dred woke as his body was shaken by his fellow knight.
Hheirdane’s word stifled any questions immediately, “Goblins.”
The Champion of the White Wolf bolted to his feet; he retrieved his bow and quiver, and nocked an arrow – the darkness of the night surrounded him on all sides. With the lambent flicker of their waning campfire at his back, the argent paleness of the stars, half-shrouded by clouds above, was not enough to illuminate more than a silhouette of a rock a half-dozen paces away.
He cursed inwardly – he had been too consumed with his concerns over his friend and the deathwalker to think that their fire might attract unwanted attention. They had lit a fire on the plains, without any cover, the damned foolishness baffled him – they were at war, and they had already encountered their foes’ vanguard on the blasted mountains a week behind them.
The previous nights’ peace had dulled his attentiveness. 
– Goblins.
Elle’dred held no hope their foes did not carry bows. At any moment, he expected the hiss of a salvo that would likely kill all of them.
And if by some miracle they survived, they would have to run – without torches. They had no cover, no defence. How could he have been so foolish – how could Taedoran have been so foolish?
The magus were already roused, and their leader beside them.
Llrsyring was nowhere in sight.
Suspicion flared overwhelmingly, accompanied by anger – but dissipated, when the first shriek split the air. In the distance, in the eastern darkness, a goblin’s cry broke the silence of the plains – not a battle cry, but a wail of fear. And it was cut short.
Another, in the distance. And the screeching of steel; an unmistakable note amongst the silence.
Llrsyring.
Elle’dred had no reason to believe the armour was responsible, but he did regardless.
“Dus, Syla, we need light.” Taedoran barked, beside him.
Dus reached for the near smouldering remains of their fire; a flickering trail of flames burst from the blackened wood and jumped into his hand. The fire burnt in a rising plume, above the magus palm, for a moment, before he hurled it into a searing stream, coursing out into the darkness.
Light burnt across the plains.
The stream of fire soared and arced to the ground, where it landed, impacted and splayed across a patch of grass – a new point of illumination. Flames roared and crackled in unnatural ferocity, as Dus repeated the process, placing five new fires around their camp.
Light spread across the grassland in all directions; warding off the night – but the not the cries and grating of battle in the distance.
Syla chanted quietly behind him – and their campfire roared into sudden, rekindled vivacity.
Elle’dred was forced a step forward, and threw a glance back, as an utter inferno burned the air behind him. Sweat trickled across his brow.
Syla continued to mutter, and the knight realised the reawakened, central conflagration cast a brightness unnaturally far out onto the plains, as though the light of the flames itself were a wildfire upon the grass. The shadows, where the few remained, grew diaphanous and faint – and he spied the glittering of steel in the distant darkness, all around them.
They were surrounded – and they were outnumbered.
Cries split the air to the north; some of the glints retreated into the night. But others approached.
From the east, and south. Five and three.
The glint of steel was joined by the glisten of red eyes, and the sallow sheen of goblin skin.
The skull-like faces of their enemies emerged into the firelight; shrieking the battle cries meant to unseat a soldier’s conviction.
Elle’dred had faced them too many times before – and these didn’t have bows.
He drew his arrow, and released; accompanied by the sequential twangs of Hheirdane’s and Taedoran’s bows beside and behind him. Only one arrow found its mark.
One goblin dropped, sprawled across itself, a shaft imbedded in its eye; one other was halted, a cry of pain released from the arrow in its shoulder. But their third shaft missed.
Elle’dred knew he did not have time to loose a second before a goblin reached sword range.
More goblin cries split the distant darkness to the north.
Elle’dred dropped his bow, and drew his sword; the blade that had accompanied him since his induction into the Hall of the White Wolf shimmered in the unnatural firelight.
The goblin approached and howled as it swung its dirk across him.
He sidestepped; its charge had overcommitted it; with a single fluid motion his dodge dragged his prepared blade up across the goblin’s chest, in correspondence with the angle of the goblin’s blow. Flesh parted, and blood splashed to the ground. The goblin toppled.
Elle’dred took no note of his first foe; his attention fell only on the next – his blade carried out of the slash, into a block that screeched against the second goblin’s blade.
The force of the blow wrenched his arms, and near pushed his defence aside. The goblin’s blade stopped a hair’s-breadth from his leather-clad chest. Elle’dred was unconcerned; his movement turned with the force, and he lashed out with his elbow, dealing a blow to the goblin’s gut.
His foe’s acrid breath was expelled with a wheeze into his face – and the resistance of its blade slackened against his. Shoving the goblin’s sword aside, he launched his hilt into a second blow at the goblin’s face. The pain of the impact was lost amidst adrenalin, as his hilt and his gripping fist, collided with his foe’s eye socket – the bone cracked, and its eye bled.
The goblin reeled with a gasp; Elle’dred shouldered it to the ground, inverted his blade and stabbed. Through its throat. It gurgled beneath him, and went limp.

Ayadra crouched beneath his cloak, fear and adrenalin spiked with each screech of metal, or sickening thud of flesh around him.
He couldn’t see anything. The folds of the cowl hung around his bowed head, and obscured any sight save for the shadows on the ground. 
A goblin’s shriek had him start.
Instinct or panic forced his head up –
Two goblins advanced on him from the west, ignoring his guards. 
He was chained to the ground. Fear turned to desperation and panic; the goblins’ blades gleamed in the firelight. Frantic, he pulled at his chains.
His wrists objected fiercely, and forced a cry. He could feel the creatures close; he could feel the sharpness of their swords – he did not want to die. His guards had not seen them; they had only seconds to see them. They would not. 
He knew.
Pain clenched his muscles; fear shook his insides; the heat of the fires that lit the plains burned the air, burned his skin. He was going to die, helpless, chained to the ground.
He forced his eyes open, despite the pain – a goblin loomed over him. It had raised its blade. It swung.
Instinct forced him to the side – he jumped; he pushed away with his feet into a roll.
But his movement was arrested sharply by his restraints; the chains, unyielding, refused his plea for freedom. And held the full force of his body against his wrists as punishment. Wrenched abruptly to a halt, and dragged flailing, supine, to the ground, his manacles dug into the flesh.
Into the obsidian scales that had not burned.
– He screamed. The pain swam across his vision in flickering lights. Half-choked by his collar, he writhed, sprawled across the grass, and held implacably in place by his chains. The sudden jerking of his body elicited another pain – his side stabbed into his chest from the quarrel wound.
Blind and helpless, Ayadra went limp against his restraints.
A moment passed above him. The goblins would cut him open – he knew. Desperation could accomplish nothing more than opening his eyes. He was going to die.
Two skulls glared down at him. One raised its blade.
– Burning. 
The pain of a fresh brand, like those he had been subjected to in his cell – like the hours of torture that plagued him every night, blazed in his side – his quarrel wound – his eyes clenched shut, for a moment he was deafened by the roar of the fires around him. Each and every fire that lit the plains, for a brief second, burst into height and blistering intensity.
Ayadra was lost in a moment of white agony. And heat.
Silence met the wave of searing heat that washed over him – and the goblins above. He smelled smoke – and felt numbness. The pain in his side vanished, as quickly as it had come, replaced by a lingering numbness.
Was he dead? Had he been stabbed?
No. The goblins had paused above him, shocked by the sudden, inexplicable heat of the fires.
The abrupt burst of heat passed.
Ayadra looked up – one of his foes recovered. Its snarl was lost amidst his momentary deafness; it swung its blade.
Panic returned in a moment of despair. 
– Black mist swirled, beside the goblins.
An umbral wisp formed and grew into a sudden swirling mass – Llrsyring solidified and stood above him. His notched sword was raised and countered the goblin’s blow. In the swiftest of arcs, the deathwalker twisted his blade – the notch of his sword caught and guided the goblin’s dirk into its own leg. 
It appeared to cry out; but its sound failed to perforate Ayadra’s deafness. 
Gliding through a single flawless sweep; Llrsyring beheaded the foe and spun. 
Ayadra smelled blood; and ringing returned to his ears. 
The graceful swirl of the deathwalker’s cloak above finished with his second blade, gripped in his other hand, lodged through the chest of the second goblin.
Both enemies fell to the ground beside the incarnate – shock.
The armour did not spare him so much as a glance; Llrsyring twisted, suddenly and silently, extending his arm in one fluid motion – his notched sword flew from his grasp, as he melted into mist.
Ayadra was stunned.

Elle’dred turned; pulled his blade free a corpse.
– A goblin stood beside him.
It had already swung its blade – he knew in an instant his defence would be too slow. Numbness and surprise would be the last thing he felt, he hoped they would be the last thing; he expected a blinding pain, and the taste of copper. Before darkness.
His foe’s strike did not fall.
A flash of steel from his right materialised into a sword, driven half its blade length into the goblin’s chest; the force of the weapon’s abrupt impact hurled the goblin to its side – but the sword did not travel with its victim. As the grey steel itself had materialised in an incomprehensible moment, so too did the deathwalker it belonged to – Llrsyring solidified, grasping the hilt of the weapon in the instant it had appeared, and imparted its impaling sharpness and force into the goblin’s body.
As the corpse fell to the ground, it dragged itself free of the blade – and Llrsyring had already begun to move; his notched blade freed from the goblin that had arrested its flight, he spun and cut a single twisting arc across the air behind him – another goblin fell through a spatter of ichor to the ground, beheaded.
Elle’dred was stunned; the deathwalker’s movements defied his comprehension – and Llrsyring’s appearance had saved his life.
A lifetime’s instincts had him recover from his stupor swiftly, though the shakiness of shock clung to him; he had never been so close to his death, and in his experience, any soldier who had – invariably had not survived. But he was not dead.
He glanced around their campsite, no goblin was left standing – the attack had lasted mere moments.
Hheirdane dragged his sword free of the second goblin he had slain; Dus and Syla stood by the conflagration of their campfire, the battle-magus quenched the flickering mass above his palm, a sour expression evinced his disappointment at having not had the chance to use it; Ayadra knelt above his chains, between the bodies of two goblins – alarm spiked within the knight.
He had not seen any goblins approach the incarnate – Ayadra had nearly been killed. Llrsyring had defended him; for that, the knight was grateful.
A goblin gurgled on the ground a few feet away; Elle’dred strode five strides, and dragged his blade across its throat. Blood pooled around its head, as it groped weakly at his leg. And died.
He expected an order to move out at any moment – but Taedoran was silent. 
He turned, glanced up – shock.
The Champion of the Tribunal bled from a wound cut into his shoulder; the glisten of red coated the torn fabric of his tunic and the sheen of his leathers.
Goblins blades were poisoned. 
Hells –
Hheirdane had already moved to their leader’s side; Taedoran snarled angrily at the Sword-Bearer, as though Hheirdane’s attentiveness offended him – with his unwounded arm, the Champion shoved the knight away. And collapsed to the ground.
His muscles quivered in a throe of spasms; spittle frothed and mixed with blood, leaking from his mouth. Hheirdane held him still –
Elle’dred wheeled to the darkness of the plains; he had heard something – he descried movement. More goblins. Hells –
On the edge of the light, cast by the six fires, three silhouettes moved. Three massive shapes composed of darkness. They approached. Slowly, steadily, they crossed into the reach of the light – bovine countenances leered through a hellish play of shadows and crimson. Gouts of steam were freed from their nostrils.
Each creature bore the head of a bull, a torso carved with muscle, and the legs and cloven feet alike the animal that possessed their faces. Two appeared like the one they had encountered on the riverbank – unarmoured, but carrying mammoth, barbed clubs; the central incarnate, however, bore coal-black plating – a breastplate enshrouded its chest, and a misshapen helm curled around its snout and horns. It held a massive greatsword two men could not lift – in one hand.
The three incarnates closed.
Elle’dred was stunned motionless; he heard a muttered curse over his shoulder from Dus. The battle-magus had been the only one who had not seen how fast these things could move on that night, or how powerful the blows from their weapons were – four soldiers and a magus had been required to slay one of these creatures, with crossbows in close-quarters.
There were three of them. And Elle’dred was a half-dozen paces from his bow.
The three incarnates neared, bloodlust shone disdaining and malevolent in their bestial eyes.
A distant storm cried, and dark mist hardened into armour – five paces before the knight; between the party and the incarnates. Llrsyring stood facing their enemies, both of his blades were drawn.
His sudden appearance forced a pause of shock from the incarnates, and another invective from Dus.
The creatures towered over the suit of armour; three immense masses of flesh against hollow metal and robes. The momentary pause passed too quickly, and with a malevolent rumble, ground in their throats – half escaped into steam, the incarnates charged.
Hooves thundered like the breaking of a storm, driven by the creatures’ preternatural strength.
The left creature reached the deathwalker first, and swung its club – the wood whistled and blurred into a streak. But its bludgeon found nothing – Llrsyring vanished, evanesced, and reappeared in an instant, behind it. The deathwalker’s notched blade plunged deep into its back.
The bovine-incarnate wheezed a bloodied breath – its club slipped from limp fingers.
The armoured creature roared in surprise or anger, and raised its greatsword for a slash to split the deathwalker in two. Llrsyring withdrew his blade from the first corpse and, blocking the strike with a swiftness and fluidity Elle’dred could never hope to emulate, wrought his notched-blade downwards with strength as preternatural as the incarnate he faced. The armoured creature was overwhelmed.
The notch of the deathwalker’s blade caught the edge of the greatsword and wrenched it free from the creature; the arc Llrsyring had begun continued, and he span in harmony with the move – his second blade appeared from his emerging side, and plunged through the incarnate’s armour and deep into its chest.
The only cry, was that of its breastplate, rent by the deathwalker’s steel.
The incarnate grunted blood, and began to fall to the ground. 
– But Llrsyring sprawled upon the grass, before it fell.
The third incarnate’s blow had fallen across the deathwalker, a moment after he had driven his sword into the second – the suit of armour had been driven instantly to the ground. The last incarnate raised its weapon again, and brought the mammoth wood crashing down onto the splayed robes beneath.
Its club impacted only the earth.
It wheezed, and coughed up a gout of blood, still gripping the haft of its weapon. Llrsyring stood beside it, erect and still, with his blade poised upwards so as to allow the incarnate to drive itself onto the point through its swing.
Elle’dred had not even seen the deathwalker disappear.
Savage rage burned in the bovine-incarnate’s eyes, and blood leaked from its snout – its hands curled tighter around the haft of its club.
Llrsyring moved; in swirl of his black folds, he dragged his blade from the creature, turned – and brought his second sword down across its skull. The deathwalker cleaved half of its head free; the contents of its skull splayed in sudden violence across the ground.
Elle’dred started in shock.
The movement had been elegant, precise – and disturbingly savage.
Llrsyring turned, as the armoured incarnate staggered beside him to its feet – it bled from the hole in its armour, but it stood. With an endurance as unnatural as its strength, it raised its sword, and swung.
Elle’dred expected the armour to melt once more into mist – but he did not.
The greatsword crashed into the deathwalker’s side – and shattered. Shards of metal scattered into the air, around the unmoved and unyielding suit of armour. The incarnate gaped – grasping the now bladeless hilt in its hand.
Elle’dred was shocked.
A moment passed; Llrsyring sheathed his weapons, measured and slow, like a killer closing in on defenceless prey. He turned; for the first time his right arm was exposed to the light. The limb was crested bands, overlapping upwards from his plated hand, which met the pauldron eclipsed at his shoulder by his cloak; however, his left arm differed – clothed by a sleeve that met the gauntlet of his hand at his elbow.  
The gauntlet that had once been metal – now, it had dulled, and become coarse and pitted, like stone.
The deathwalker touched the creature’s neck – 
And the flesh froze, into rock. The rock crept outwards from Llrsyring’s grasp; over the incarnate’s flesh, stretching jagged lances across its body – rending the skin and muscle and blood aside. The incarnate tried to scream, it tried to breathe – but its throat, unlike its face, was immovable stone. It convulsed around the growing rock, but could not move from the armour’s grasp – an arm reached out towards the party, desperately, for aid. Its eyes retained no semblance of ferocity, only a weak, helpless plea. Rock snaked onto its limbs – its rent flesh splintered and bled, around the tendrils of stone. Then the stone merged, and solidified the incarnate – its body consumed as rock. The incarnate stood, rendered as an effigy of stone – the dread and agony of its last moments carved into the granite features of its face.
Llrsyring lowered his hand.
Elle’dred gaped – horror, shock, dread, confusion, he did not know what he had seen, let alone what to feel. Instinct raised his sword against the terror clad in robes and armour before him.
“As you can see,” Llrsyring said, turning his back to the effigy, “I need not my blades to kill you. And yet I have not.”
Elle’dred did not respond, he could not – what in the hells are you?
“I have walked the darklands of Eryndor,” the armour continued, “I have seen the things born there – these are incarnates of the Immortal, and these here are his lesser soldiers. There are thousands of them, and many others of more terrifying forms.” he paused; even through fear the knight was stunned – thousands? “I am here to help you.”
Llrsyring moved back towards their camp; Dus and Syla each backed a step away from the deathwalker’s approach. The armour paid no heed, but stopped a pace from Elle’dred.
He still had his sword raised to the deathwalker – what in the hells are you?
Elle’dred met the alien, emptiness of the helm, the eye sockets revealed nothing other than darkness – he lowered his sword.
Taedoran’s rasped groan broke the tense air of silence that had fallen across them.
Immediacy drew Elle’dred to his side; Hheirdane had emptied the contents of a pack next to the quaking body of their leader. Elle’dred gathered several dried herbs, bound in twine, retrieved and filled their pot with water, and placed it over the fire.
Taedoran continued to moan as he brewed the herbs – panic dragged the wealth of minutes into unfathomable length.
The goblins poison did not always kill, the rare fortunate soldier survived, though often damaged beyond sanity or strength – and neither did the goblins poison always kill quickly. Most often it took hours, more than once it had taken days, or Taedoran might yet die within the next moment – the knight was not a surgeon, and a battlefield’s training in the treatment of wounds had imparted only one fact about this poison – there was no known cure.
Certain herbs, if administered in time, could slow its effect, provide the chance for a soldier to survive; Elle’dred did not even know if the herbs he had chosen were the right ones.
He had been stunned by the battle, by Llrsyring’s –
When the posset had been brewed, he poured it into a cup, and returned to Taedoran’s side; Hheirdane had ground a small root among their collection into a paste, stripped the Champion’s tunic and armour, cleaned and yet smeared it into the wound.
They were both out of their league – it would be more merciful to spare their leader the pain, cut his throat here and now. The situation seemed to warrant it; then they could run. 
Elle’dred had considered the possibility of further threat – more goblins could be on their way. They could be attacked at any moment –
No. He felt sure the deathwalker would have warned them if that were at all likely to happen. Llrsyring had disrupted the goblins ambush long before the others were aware of it – if there was a threat, he would have informed them. Elle’dred hoped, beyond himself, that trust was not misplaced.
After Hheirdane and he had administered the brew, they wrapped the Champion in layers of blankets – Taedoran was deathly pale, in the waning firelight.
Elle’dred turned to the magus, “Can you keep the fire going?”
Dus and Syla seemed locked in the same stupor of powerlessness that threatened him; Dus shook his head.
“Not without more fuel.”
Crack.
The sound drew the knight’s attention – and alarm. Crack. Llrsyring hacked at the ground with his blade; an elegant arc of ebon cloak accompanied by a swift flash of steel. Crack.
The deathwalker sheathed his sword behind him, bent, and lifted the pieces of the incarnate’s mace. The armour approached and laid the wood onto the mound of their campfire. His black robes, caught the edge of the flames, but remained untouched by the heat. Segmented, the mammoth club the incarnate had wielded provided fuel enough for a bonfire.
“That’ll do.” Dus muttered, feigning his normal snideness; he still visibly eased when the deathwalker moved away. The battle-magus held out his hand – the flames crackled with renewed life onto the wood. The campfire grew under the magus’ control. 
Dus hand clenched; he staggered to his side. A wave of palpable exhaustion moved over him.
Syla chided him, as she half lowered him to his bedroll. She seemed nearly as tired as he – as did Elle’dred, the energy gained from adrenalin had long waned.
Exhaustion was fast approaching – Hheirdane fell to the ground a few feet away.
Alarm. Elle’dred stumbled to his side, and checked for wounds – there were none. Hheirdane had collapsed from over-tiredness; his laboured breath was deep in involuntary unconsciousness.
Elle’dred allowed a moment of relief. And a moment of despair.
They were stranded.
They would have to wait out the night here, regardless of potential threat.
Syla stood over her fellow magus – Dus lay sprawled on his bedding, driven by his magic into slumber. She moved towards the lingering patches of flame that Dus had thrown minutes earlier out onto the plains; with a gesture of her hand she gradually quenched each of them. Darkness crept closer, surrounding the light of their last fire.
The light was still too much, Syla had apparently discerned as had he, that the light of the fire would attract everything and anything else marauding the plains; and likely before dawn. But they could not quench it entirely, Taedoran needed all the warmth they had.
They all needed it.
Elle’dred watched, as the magus slumped next to the central blaze. Syla muttered into the flames; they crackled brightly, and she collapsed to her side.
Her ebony hair splayed out across the grass of the plains – in unnatural dimness. Though the heat of the fire remained the same, the light cast from the flames had contracted strangely; barely a lambent glow illuminated their camp. An unnatural gloom pervaded their small circle of grass.
Syla had cast a spell – and reduced herself to unconsciousness for it.
In the abrupt and perturbing dimness, Elle’dred swore, but moved to and carried her limp body to her beddings, and wrapped her in a blanket.
Labouring through the last tasks he knew where required, the knight repacked what of their supplies he could, and shifted the bodies, and pieces of the goblins away from the camp. The smell had already become rank. 
The unnatural statue of the bovine-incarnate stood – beyond his strength to move; its stone features caught deep shadows in the unnaturally dim light. Frozen in fear, and pain. He did not want to approach it, and he avoided a glance at the deathwalker.
Lastly, he realised he had not checked Ayadra – the incarnate seemed yet awake. The only other, asides from him and Llrsyring.
He moved to Ayadra’s side and knelt; as always Ayadra flinched reflexively at his approach.
“Are you injured?” he asked – the thought fleeted by that Ayadra would not respond.
The incarnate looked only at the ground, and trembled.
He sighed – and noticed the bandaging, Ayadra’s bandaging, lying on the ground, half-concealed by the edge of the cloak. Frustration, bewilderment and confusion welled – Ayadra had removed the bloodied bandaging from his wound?
“What have you done?” he exclaimed, as he groped for the strips of material – Ayadra started at his voice.
Confusion and shock beset him as he inspected the bandages.
Ayadra had not removed them – they had been singed apart, split by fire.
Unthinkingly, Elle’dred moved the incarnate’s cloak aside – Ayadra offered no resistance. Even As Elle’dred, ungently, shifted him around to better reveal his side in the dimness of the firelight, Ayadra did no more than flinch. And tremble. The incarnate’s exposed obsidian nakedness, splayed before the knight, caught an orange sheen – all save for his flank.
The flesh of the incarnate’s side, where his quarrel wound should have been, was warped, pockmarked with charring – as though it had been seared into wholeness.
Bewilderment overwhelmed Elle’dred; he did not know what he was seeing.
Ayadra trembled under his touch, the incarnate’s eyes shimmered with fear, reflected in the glow, as he kept them locked away from his guard, on the ground. Undoubtedly the incarnate waited for Elle’dred to abuse him. 
The knight released his grip.
“I’m sorry, Ayadra.” he said, reflexively – confusedly, “How did that happen?”
The incarnate trembled, exposed, silent, afraid.
Elle’dred sighed, “I’m sorry.” 
He shifted the cloak back over Ayadra, covering the incarnate’s body; tentatively he returned the blanket to him. Ayadra did not move to take it. Elle’dred doubted, even with verbal permission, that Ayadra would move – he had terrified the incarnate, inadvertently.
Elle’dred rose and moved a few steps away – he was lost amongst his confusion.
For a moment, the Champion of the White Wolf considered the situation, analysing their strategic position helped to realign his mind – he freed a sigh of defeat. In less than an hour, he had fought a battle, tended a likely lethal wound, and watched each of his party exhaust themselves in turn.
They were stranded, with only a weary and overwhelmed knight to defend them. 
– And he had watched the terrifying unnaturalness of the only party member that was still standing.
Thoughts flooded his skull, prompting a wave of nausea in his gut – he didn’t know what to think. He would have to decide; he needed some clarity, even if it was enforced. 
He glanced up at Llrsyring – 
The suit of armour stood over the camp fire, muttering. Amidst the low crackle of the flames, Elle’dred could not discern what the deathwalker was saying – but as the fire resurged to its usual intensity, casting red out onto the plains once more, he was alarmed and answered.
“What are you doing?” he asked – he had little energy left for bewilderment.
“Amending the clumsiness of the magus’ spell.” the helm replied, and muttered almost inaudibly, “No further foes shall find this fire tonight.”
The remark might normally have sparked suspicion or frustration – its bitterness seemed inappropriate; but Elle’dred was too tired to care.
The deathwalker returned to the perimeter of the light, watching the darkness of the grasslands. Undoubtedly the armour saw much more than he.
As he approached the armour’s side, he fought the huskiness of exhaustion, “Taedoran will probably die by the morning. There’s nothing else we can do. But I assume we’re not under any further threat.”
Llrsyring glanced at him, “No. You will be safe until morning.”
For a long moment he remained silent; nervousness and uncertainty restrained the question he wanted to ask. In a whisper he could not help, Elle’dred laid it bare, “You cast that spell on Ayadra, that night? The night he escaped…a spell on me?”
Llrsyring paused a moment, “Yes.”
“Why?” Elle’dred asked – his tone evinced no shock, no disdain, no anger – he felt none.
“Because Ayadra should not have been bound the way he was. He must be free.”
The cold night air of the plains bit into his face, numbing his nose and lips; as the heat of the fire, dimmed by magic he did not understand warmed the nape of his neck.
“That is once you have betrayed us. Please do not do it again.”
“Then you must trust me.” the helm returned.
“I do. Despite what better judgement I have left, I do.” – the truth, “You – and Ayadra are facts of this world. And denying the truth is…is like bashing your head against a wall. Not very enjoyable.”
Llrsyring chuckled.
“You’re the most frightening thing I’ve ever seen – but for some incomprehensible reason you want to protect us. All of us…even those that don’t deserve protecting. And you’re better at it than I.” he paused, “I trust that if you do something, it’ll be in our best interests – I don’t really have a choice. Please don’t break that trust.”
Llrsyring nodded.
Whether a weight had lifted from his shoulders, or was just more cleverly disguised by self-delusion, he did not care. He was damned exhausted, and unlike he, Llrsyring did not need sleep.
“I need to sleep,” he muttered, “You can see a damn sight better than me in any case.” – he was compelled to add, “If I wake in the morning, I will know for certain you are not an enemy.”
Calmly, Elle’dred moved to his bed and lay down – leaving the safety of their party, and of their incarnate prisoner solely in the gaze of a breathless, hollow suit of armour, with a tail.
He had chosen – the only option he saw available. The one he wanted.
 
Chapter 14

The Spirits were the Elvish words for the five elements that all things in the sky were made of. The five elements the Fourth Heaven was made of. Four came from the three Heavens before, Earth, Water, Fire and Wood. But the Fourth Heaven held a new spirit. The gift of the new land. Metal was a thing unseen to all that had come before. And the Andarae, the elves and the wyverns learnt to shape it into all the forms it could become. Alike the Fourth Heaven, it was rough in its first form, but what it could become was limitless.

*     *     *

Faldorn sat in the dim library – the endless expanse of shelves was near empty. Only the night-keepers patrolled the upper levels at this hour; they attended the lanterns when they grew low, but still the shadows encroached between every bookcase. The desks cradled against the wall under the glow of the lanterns, were the only refuge for his study.
A few other archivists still walked amidst the shelves, solitary minds that were no doubt oppressed by the magnitude of recent events. Faldorn, however, was not alone – but the presence of his lover and his two closest friends did little to lessen his own consternation.
Keron sat at his side, nestled gently but furtively, against him as he was bent over a volume. Althyera sat opposite him, beside another of his longstanding friends – Archivist Mycka.
“The Spring celebrations are being called off.” Althyera muttered, breaking a long silence.
“What?” Keron asked.
“With so many of the village being called away there doesn’t seem much point.” his sister replied.
“I doubt the Festival will be held at all this year, anywhere.” Mycka said; her voice was habitually hushed – but not from lack of strength or will.
“It should be held,” Keron said, and chuckled, “Mother will still insist on getting us back there. She’s never let a war stop her before.”
“There’s never been a war like this.” Mycka responded.
Althyera smiled, “Then she’ll throw a bigger party.” 
Keron laughed again. Althyera motioned to Faldorn with a nod of her head; her brother’s mirth weakened into a smile as he regarded the other man’s uninterrupted absorption in the text. 
“Though,” Keron probed, emphatically, “I am not sure my lover will be joining us.”
Faldorn seemed unbothered by the word.
“I think he’s broken.” Althyera jibed.
Keron beamed, “Maybe I should get a new one. Mycka your brother’s free isn’t he?”
Faldorn looked up from the book, a sour expression aimed at Keron – but as his lips moved to sling a retort, he hesitated, and his eyes softened into a mournful adoration. Faldorn moved forward and planted a kiss on Keron’s lips, before turning back to the page.
Keron’s expression morphed into a concerned smile, and he reached out to brush Faldorn’s hair with his fingers, “Alright, now I am worried.”
Mycka interjected, “What are you reading?”
Faldorn glanced up, and muttered, “Something that is not making me feel any better about this war.”
“Why are you reading it then?” Althyera poked lightly.
Faldorn let the twitch of a despondent frown twist into a smirk, but did not answer.
“He’s been spending a lot of time with his favourite Elder Archivist,” Keron remarked, and smirked teasingly, “If I were a different person I’d probably be jealous – and a little disturbed about the age difference.”
Faldorn frowned, but kissed him again.
“Normally I feel better after that.” Keron jibed, managing to coax a laugh out of his lover.
“What does Phio want?” Mycka enquired.
“Nothing I can talk about,” Faldorn answered, apologetically, “without displeasing him.”
“You are such a sycophant.” Althyera taunted.
Faldorn chuckled and freed a tired sigh.
“Someone is sleepy,” Keron said, stroking his cheek, “It’s still a few hours til morning, I suppose we could go get some sleep, if you’d like.”
Faldorn responded more characteristically to his lover’s sly smile, but replied gently, “Sleep sounds good.”
They rose together, and stepped away from the table.
“If you’re going to have sex just say so.” Althyera jibed boorishly behind them.
An exasperated, if amused, sigh – and “Good night.” was returned over their shoulders.

*     *     *

Ayadra stared at the ground; sleep had been devoured by fear.
Too many thoughts filled his head – too much fear, too much confusion. It was not the moment of terror, elicited by Elle’dred’s unexpected handling – that had passed.
It was the horror of what he had seen – what Llrsyring had done.
The death Llrsyring had dealt to that incarnate was like nothing he could imagine. And the hand that had worked it had been so close to him, the suit of armour had touched him with that gauntlet – Llrsyring had been kind.
He feared the only person who had tried to show him kindness; though he did not want to. Despite himself, he was terrified of the suit of armour; terrified Llrsyring would do to him what he had done to the incarnate – the statue that now stood on the edge of their camp.
Its final pain was carved unendingly onto its face.
Ayadra knew the pain it had been in; the fear – he had lived it for hours. He had wanted to die; he had feared he would. He feared everything – Llrsyring, his guards, warmth, the cold, the fires, the deathwalker’s touch –
Fear parted before certainty; before knowing.
The same force that had revealed a shred of memory about the night he had escaped, came again; he knew, beyond himself or his wild fears, that Llrsyring would never harm him – not like that. Llrsyring had said he meant him no harm. He knew. He believed that.
The relief he felt, the sudden absence of terror – was as alien to him as the absence of pain.
Since the moment of despair – at seeing two goblins ready to kill him – and an unaccounted for burning in his side, he had been free of pain. The flesh beneath his manacles and collar no longer stung; the soreness had faded entirely. And his quarrel wound had vanished – burned away into the patch of charring on his flesh.
Even that did not sting, or throb or ache – it was numb.
Ayadra did not know what had happened – what had effaced the pain and his wounds. The confusion crept back slowly into fear.
What had happened? What was he?
He was warm; Elle’dred had given him a blanket.
– And he was not alone.
Llrsyring would not harm him; the deathwalker protected him. He knew. He was not alone.
But he would be.
Some thought skirted the edge of his mind; the force of knowledge and memory surged once more and then dwindled. He could not grasp it clearly – something he had done – he would be left alone, to face what he deserved. He knew. Some force he understood no more than the healing of his wound revealed it – the truth.
It would not be Llrsyring’s fault; it would be his.
He would deserve it.
The thought faded, he did not know what it meant, where it had come from; and it left only confusion in its wake. And fear.
Dawn broke the south-eastern horizon.

Elle’dred woke. The soft grey of dawn had emerged above the miniscule peaks of the Fore-guard Mountains in the southeast; tiny ruffles on the horizon under a wave of pale grey, atop a sweeping expanse of flat green.
He was exhausted; he had managed a few hours of sleep – but they had done little to refresh his endurance. He had woken up – unharmed. Llrsyring had kept his word.
His trust had not been misplaced. For that, he was relieved and thankful.
Hheirdane had already risen; his friend sat beside their leader – checking Taedoran’s wound. The knight’s eyes were rimmed in black, and the characteristic despondency of his face was darker than it had ever been. But Elle’dred caught the glimmer of pain in his eyes – for a moment.
Hheirdane glanced in his direction – his friend’s gaze hardened into cold anger, and disdain.
It shocked him; prompted him to rise and move to the Sword-Bearer’s side.
Taedoran’s wound bulged red around the exposed flesh, covered by a layer of puss – the effects of poison, and an obvious infection.
“How is he?” Elle’dred asked; he needed to talk to Hheirdane.
Hheirdane grunted, and answered with palpable bitterness, “Dying.”
“We have to get help.” Elle’dred muttered.
“There is no help.”
Hheirdane avoided his eyes; Elle’dred knew the answer was not motivated by the situation – but by whatever lay between them.
“We should wake the others, we can carry him. I think we’re close enough to reach a Keep in a day or two.”
“He’ll be dead by then. We should cut his throat. Leave him.”
Elle’dred’s frustration returned – the animosity in his friend’s voice was incomprehensible, as was the blame. You want him dead anyway – Hheirdane had not said it.
“Hheirdane, what is the matter with you?”
Hheirdane rose; the knight did not meet his eyes as he turned away.
Elle’dred stood and grabbed his arm, “Hheirdane?”
His friend tore his arm free, and wheeled, “You are! They are!” he jabbed a finger at the incarnate, “They are why we are in this mess. That thing is a curse, since we left Grgadorn – it tried to kill us! It has wounded me more – it is evil. And you are its damned friend!”
Elle’dred stared at him, in silence and confusion.
Hheirdane paused, his hand clenched into a fist at his side – Elle’dred thought the man would strike him for a moment, but Hheirdane only glared and turned his back to him.
Elle’dred had never before seen that look from his friend – hatred, blame, mixed with a pain he thought all too familiar.
Taedoran coughed beneath him, drew in a wheeze; he began to shiver.
Hells –
Elle’dred glanced to the robe-clad figure of the deathwalker; he moved to their strange, new ally’s side. “Can you help him? Help Taedoran?”
“No.” Llrsyring answered – Elle’dred heard an edge of bitterness in his tone, like when he had spoken with Syla, “I cannot.”
“Cannot or will not?”
Llrsyring did not reply.
“Is there nothing you can do?”
“By my blood I bring about death. Do you not think then that keeping things alive would not be a high priority for me?”
Elle’dred glared – that was not answer. For a moment, he wondered how fragile his decided trust in this being was. Strong enough.
“Life is a precious thing.” Llrsyring muttered dismissively, “Nothing of this world can fight its ebbing tide.”
– That was an answer, subversive and misdirected.
“You are not of this world.” Elle’dred stated, “There is something.”
Llrsyring sighed, in defeat – and almost disappointment, “There is. But he will not live long enough to reach it.”
“What is it?”
The helm turned its full emptiness on him, “Why does he deserve to live? Has he not hindered your mission more than anything else? Would you not kill a wounded soldier on a battle-field knowing there was no viable way to save his life?”
“You’ve already told me there is a way –”
“There will be a price for this, Elle’dred.”
That shocked him; he almost wavered – a long moment of hesitation rested between them, “Fine.”
Llrsyring paused for a long moment – despite the fixedness of the helm, Elle’dred thought he saw an expression of dismay – or disappointment. 
The empty eyeholes turned away; Llrsyring glanced over his shoulder – he must have been looking at the incarnate, “I’m sorry.” The helm whispered, loud enough for only Elle’dred to hear him. Immediately, he knew he had done the wrong thing – a price. And he was not the one who had to pay it.
He tried to say ‘wait’, but the purest incarnation of shock choked his voice in his throat.

In an instant, the ground turned to ash; the sky grew dark. A great storm held overhead, and a grey, unmoving mist surrounded them. The land was lit, but beyond the storm above there was no sun, nor stars. Over the unending horizon, the sky continued forever – as heavy, foreboding clouds on the verge of falling; but in their depths, one could tell they would never break, never descend in anger.
He stood amidst the mist, on the strange and alien ground – under his feet it was black, and he thought it hard; until the softest of winds moved across it, disturbing the mist and carrying wisps of ash into the air. Each like a thin hand reaching into the sky – to no avail.
Bewilderment constricted all his senses – he could not breathe.
No – his breath grew shallow; he breathed in air, but it did not alleviate the inexplicable suffocation.
Shocked, terrified, confused, he wheezed at the deathwalker, “Where are we?”
Llrsyring spoke without an echo; his voice was now strong and unhindered by the suit of armour that was his body, “The land of all things fallen.”
Elle’dred stared, he tried to breathe, but no air eased the strain on his lungs. He was dying.
“The myths you are told as children; they speak of the seven nethers – the three heavens, the three hells, and the shadow of the world. The land of all things fallen is that place – it is death and where the dead live. I bring you close to your death, so that you may save one who deserves his.”
The moment of despair, when Elle’dred had turned to see a goblin ready to drive its blade into him returned; but now it lingered – that moment of helplessness, inevitable and all encompassing. He could not breathe. He was going to die. He dropped to the ground, caught himself with his hands – barely.
“Stand, Knight.” Llrsyring shouted above him, “If you are to save this world.”
Anger blazed inside. He glared up at the deathwalker – for one brief moment Llrsyring’s silhouette was framed against the clouds above. Under the veil of the storm, he saw a pale shining shape of a circle, a circle held in the sky – Llrsyring stood before it. It evanesced into the clouds once more, and Elle’dred realised he was standing – unwittingly, he had forced himself to his feet.
“What are we doing here?” he asked, angry but calm. He could almost breathe.
“Here a single footfall can bring you to edge of the world. Indeed, we will tread very close.”
The armour turned and took a step – and despite the barren expanse that extended forever around them, devoid of features, he disappeared.
Desperation drove the knight, a moment of panic that he might be stranded in this alien place overwhelmed him – he lifted his foot, he ran. And just as suddenly as the world had turned to storm and mist and ash around him, so did it return.
He tripped and sprawled across the ground – of bristly, green grass. And sunlight. He let out a gasp; rolled onto his back, and looked up at the empty helm of the armour, framed against the lifting grey of the dawning sky.
“You live yet, Elle’dred.” Llrsyring said, almost lightly, “Stand.”
The deathwalker reached out his right hand; Elle’dred was grateful it was not his left – he did not trust Llrsyring enough to take that hand. He grasped the proffered plates and let the armour assist him to his feet.
Recovering his breath in long, deep gasps, he glanced around.
A mountain rose across his vision, immense and ominous – its high, snow-clad peak, maned by a hoary wisp of cloud, towered in the distance above. In the southwest. Its sides were blanketed in green, a forest whose edge was cut so perfectly that a wall of trees stood before them; stretching to either horizon.
“Where are we?” he asked – but by the position of dawn, he thought he already knew.
“On the edge of the Forest of Dwener’dier, on the Riven Mountains.”
Incredulity clambered to the knight’s face.
“The Forsaken Glade?” – An involuntary stammer; his head reeled at the implications. An alien world of death and mist and ash had been replaced by a sight of such assured doom, he could not think.
“All who tread these woods are doomed to die. None who enter ever return.” Llrsyring recited.
“That’d be about the half of it –” he was almost near panic. No one ever returned from this forest – that was a fact, as lethal as any sword, and as the war they fought with the goblins.
“I am already dead, and already doomed, and I have returned from this place.” Llrsyring said – almost sarcastically, “So shall you.”
“You want to kill me?” Elle’dred exclaimed; he groped for the shreds of his self-control.
“You asked me if there was a way to save the Champion – this is it.”
Elle’dred gaped; but managed to recover a measure of his self-command, “Are you saying I must die for Taedoran to live?”
“No, Elle’dred. This is a forest you must tread, if you are to save his life, and understand where fate has and will lead you.”
Elle’dred stared at the trees – no, this was insane. Llrsyring drew his notched blade.
“This forest kills only those whose destiny is not theirs – that is not you. You did not die in the land of all things fallen. You will not die here.”
With that, the armour strode away into the depths of the trees.
Hells –
Elle’dred mustered his courage, his resolve – his wild terror; he took a breath and drew his sword. Hells –
He strode into the ranks of the forest.

*     *     *

“He is dead!” Syla stated. She was at the edge of her self-control; resentment surged unchecked in her tone. She did not want to be here. The situation had overwhelmed her – the circumstances of her life had surpassed her capacity to handle them – years of meticulous study, both in magic and the law, and the experiences of teaching magus in Grgadorn were inadequate to prepare her for this.
She had watched one of their party die – Elle’dred had vanished in a swirl of ebon tendrils, as that evil deathwalker had. Effaced from life by darkness.
She stood alone on the endless expanse of grasslands, surrounded by goblin corpses and men she did not know.
She wanted to be home; she wished now only to be back at Grgadorn – where her world was not beyond her capacities; where books and ritual and study defined her existence. Where she had power and comprehension. Even if she were unalterably lonely.
She did not want to be here, stranded in the furthest west of their lands, with their leader dying helplessly on the plains – and one of their party having been slain by fell magic she could not grasp.
An enemy more powerful than anything she thought possible loomed over them; that deathwalker would return, and then she would be next. She did not want to die – she wanted to be safe; she did not want to deal with things she could not handle – death, battle, necromancers.
“Men do not disappear; not even the deep magics can accomplish that. That demon thing has killed him; you saw what it can do – Elle’dred is dead – that thing, that deathwalker, is a servant of death. It lives only to kill.”
“I think it’s safe to say we’re doomed.” Dus remarked blithely over her shoulder.
Syla shot him a glare, “We must move. We can still get help for Taedoran.”
“We can’t.” Dus responded, disapprovingly, “He’ll die before nightfall. You’ve not spent your life fighting goblins – that poison will kill him long before we break down from exhaustion. Which might I point out for you, doesn’t look too long away itself.”
Cold rage and frustration hardened her gaze – but her stubbornness enforced a frangible calm, “We have to complete our mission, get that thing to Eryndor.” – the Tribunal had set that duty out for her, and by the law she was bound to complete her orders. All she had left to define her life was her duty.
She had never asked for this.
“We can’t Syla. Unless you know some incredible spell to restore our strength.” the derisiveness of Dus’ voice finished the barb – there is no such spell.
Syla glowered, stubbornness could not emulate patience – her lips moved to sling a retort, but were cut off by a savage roar from the Sword-Bearer.
Hheirdane stood over the incarnate – he drew his sword. 
Ayadra did not move beyond a flinch – until Hheirdane dealt a brutal kick into its side; Ayadra gurgled a yelp as it was hurled by the blow across itself – and arrested savagely by its chains, affixed to the ground.
Syla gaped; exhaustion and frustration allowed only incredulity –
Hheirdane launched a kick into the incarnate’s belly; into its ribs, its groin – it cried out; the knight fell to his knees, and lashed out at its face with his fist. Brutal, savage and violent – his hand, wrapped around the hilt of his sword, struck the immoveable bone with a crack.
Hheirdane snarled; he punched again – face, chest, face, neck, gut; blood leaked over the knight’s fist, more his own than Ayadra’s; his knuckles had been grazed by their impacts.
Ayadra wheezed.
Syla could do nothing but watch – she could not understand what was happening –
“You are disgusting!” Hheirdane howled, rising to his feet – he stamped his boot down onto Ayadra’s talon, kicked its obsidian hands, “You take everything away from me!” he crushed its black fingers beneath his feet; Ayadra screamed, “You take my flesh! – My friend! – My! –” – his last kick skittered off Ayadra’s fore-arm and tangled in its chains; Hheirdane lurched as he tried to free his foot – stumbled and fell.
The knight’s weight and blows had jostled the picket free from the ground – Ayadra began to scramble away, as Hheirdane hauled himself to his feet. The incarnate’s cloak, left behind on the grass.
Cradling his injured hands, dripping blood, Ayadra bolted.
The obsidian monster that had slain eighteen guards, and exposed Syla to a fear and trauma she could not deal with was trying to escape – again.
She reacted – instinctively, she twirled her fingers through an elegant gesture and conjured a swirl of sparkling mist; a rune crystallised at her fingertips, and she launched it at the incarnate’s back.
Ayadra had managed only a few steps, before it was struck by the magic and forced to the ground again. It gasped, in pain – in fear, and struggled yet still to crawl away.
Hheirdane stamped on its tail – halting it with a yelp. The knight kicked madly – its leg, its arm, its chest. Bone cracked. It spat blood.
“How dare you!” he shrieked. He pinned its naked chest and raised his sword to hack down into its face.
He was going to kill it.
– The thought pulled her from her stupor; guarding that thing was her mission, she had been assigned its care by the Tribunal; it could not be allowed to die – 
And it had done nothing to provoke this beating. A beating she had assisted in, in a moment of panic. 
“Hheirdane!” she shouted.
The knight glared at her – she almost quailed under the ferocious admixture of rage and torment in his eyes. He was crying – tears glistened against the southern sun’s light, ran down features fraught with pain.
The brief second of his gaze, however, stretched into many more – and the inexplicable savageness dissipated from his face. Whatever had come over him vanished, transmuted into a disturbing calm and a relieved defeat – and into a semblance of lucidity. He dropped his sword carelessly from his raised hand – the blade fell across the incarnate’s leg, scoring a gash. 
Ayadra winced, gurgled a yelp.
Hheirdane moved off of the incarnate, and trudged as though whatever possessed him had found something more valuable in the north.
Syla recovered herself – under rigorous ordering of her thoughts, she determined to investigate Hheirdane’s unfathomable outburst. A moment of sympathy for the incarnate, struggling to breathe on the ground, passed unregistered. 
The immediate calamity seemed to have passed – yet again, she had been inadequate to the situation. She was too tired, overwhelmed –
She should have intervened sooner; before Hheirdane near killed the purpose of their mission.
Syla turned to the knight – and was overcome by the same relief he had expressed.
Three riders, on horseback, closed from the north. The incoherent drumming of hooves resonated across the quiet of their campsite – across the incarnate’s laboured breathing.
Syla almost lost herself again; the sight brought such startling relief she could scarcely comprehend what she saw – what the riders meant. But the meticulous order she had imposed to regain herself demanded action – now that she could comprehend herself, her circumstances. Now that there was hope.
“Dus, the cloak.” she ordered quickly. The battle-magus seemed overcome by incredulity – he stared at the riders, in palpable disbelief.
“Dus!” she snapped. He glanced at her.
“Oh, oh right.” he muttered dimly to himself, as he moved to retrieve their prisoner’s only garment. He handed it to her, and she moved to Ayadra.
The incarnate flinched at her approach, tried weakly to recoil – but stifled a groan of pain as it moved; clenched its eyes in fear.
She threw the cloak over its supine shape, concealing it as best she could. It deserved better than this, it had done nothing wrong; no, it was an enemy. The law stated it should be treated as such.
The law was all that mattered. She had no energy for sympathy.
The horsemen had neared, “Identify yourselves!”
Hheirdane did not respond.
As yet more responsibility seemed to fall to her, Syla stood and moved towards them – this was comprehensible, she could handle this with order and ritual.
“I am Syla, Magus of the Tribunal. My companions are Hheirdane, Knight and Sword-Bearer of the White Wolf Hall, Dus, Magus of the Tribunal, and Taedoran of Ygoth, Champion of the Magus Tribunal.”
The riders seemed to survey their campsite; their gazes swept across the pile of goblin bodies, the stains of red that marred the grass – they lingered on the unnatural statue of the bovine-incarnate, standing unmoved on the plains. Recognition flashed in one of the rider’s eyes; the central man, however, directed their attention to the huddled mass of cloth, lying on the plains behind the party.
“Who is that?” he asked; suspicion edged his tone.
The question almost pushed her into a stupor – her confidence shattered, but stubborn resolve rallied, “We are on a mission for the Archivists and the Tribunal. That thing –” she paused, she wished she had chosen her words better, “It is a prisoner of the Tribunal, and we are its guards. Please, you have to assist us; we were ambushed by goblins last night – they injured the Champion, he needs help.”
The riders dismounted; one approached the incarnate – their mission dictated that was not allowed. Syla interposed, standing between the soldier and their prisoner.
“By order of the Magus Tribunal, no one save our party is permitted to see the prisoner.” she recited the order as it had been written in some document of law, so many days ago.
The soldier almost glared at her, but nodded and moved to help his fellows with the Champion.
Syla freed a sigh.
“The Stronghold of Catesus is half a day’s ride from here. We can bear three of you, though two must remain. We will return for you once we have delivered your companions to the keep.”
That shattered her resolve – her hope of immediate aid had been dashed by the limitations of reality – she wanted to be away from here. More than anything she wanted the safety of a keep, the assurance of brick walls, and soldiers who outranked her.
“I will stay with our prisoner.” Hheirdane stated, impassively, “Take the magus and the Champion with you.”
“Hheirdane,” Syla began to object – the knight had nearly killed Ayadra a moment before; and it was her duty to see their prisoner safely to Eryndor.
“I’m giving you an order Syla. I am the ranking leader of this group.”
Syla knew she had to fight his authority; he was a danger to their mission – the law required –
She didn’t care. She was too tired, too dirty, too out of her league to contend with a knight who by all rights outranked her. She did not even carry a rank; the law stated Hheirdane should be in charge.
The law stated –
Syla mounted the central rider’s chestnut; she threw one last glance at the huddled mass of cloth, cringing on the ground; regret and sympathy flared briefly.
But she was too tired to acknowledge them.
She moved away, with the beat of horse hooves beneath her, clinging to the soldier’s waist. She was grateful she was headed towards an outpost of civilisation, a bath, a bed, a life she could deal with. She hated herself – she had failed her duty, and failed herself.
She was too tired to care.

Terror. And pain.
Ayadra lay underneath his cloak, amidst the weak daze of shock. 
– His guard stood above him. The man held his sword.
His heart thrummed with fear but it could accomplish no more than heightening the pain in his chest. Every breath filled his mouth with copper. His ribs were broken.
And the man who had broken them stood over him, holding his sword.
He was going to die.
– He did not want to die.
His fingers were broken; bone splinters had torn out through the skin. Blood covered his hands, as it filled his mouth.
The Sword-Bearer glared down onto him. 
Ayadra could not see the man’s eyes, but he could feel them. The savage hatred that had broken his fingers only minutes before, stared down from above – and the pain –
– Hheirdane ground his teeth.
Ayadra braced for the thrust that would end his life.
The man clenched his hand around the hilt of the sword; leather groaned quietly – and was followed by the sigh of the steel gliding into its scabbard. Hheirdane sheathed the sword.
Ayadra released a breath – in relief –
The mercy of continued existence was effaced in an instant, as a kick landed in his back. His injuries flared across his body as he instinctively flinched. He yelped –
“You are lucky I can’t kill you,” Hheirdane ground out above him; pain filled the knight’s voice – and the dull spatter of a tear fell on Ayadra’s cloak, “You should have killed me.”

*     *     *

“Are you certain?” Phio asked.
“I’ve checked it, and re-checked it. There is going to be a War of Men.”
Phio stared at Faldorn, across his desk; the younger man’s certainty was unimpeachable.
“This is the outcome of our actions?”
“No. Not precisely – the War of Men is unavoidable. Even if we had not brought the prophecies of Thyesmered before the Assembly; the War of Men must occur.”
“Must?” Phio asked, indignantly.
“The war cannot be averted.” Faldorn stated, “And it has been seen for centuries, we just have not known it.”
“Why has no one else discovered this?”
“Because no else is as smart as me,” Faldorn retorted.
Phio scoffed.
The younger archivist regained the proper demeanour, and continued, “It has not been seen because each time the prophecies addressed a conflict of the time – each incident of civil unrest was preceded by numerous prophecies regarding it.” Faldorn paused, “It has been forty years since the last incident. Each time, the prophecies had been thought to have been resolved – and I would not have discovered it had it not been for Thyesmered’s. There is a link – a commonality that every prophecy of war, since men crossed the inland sea and arrived on Ammandorn – and even before, share; old wounds – reaching back to the time of the Six Cities.”
“Those prophecies no longer hold value.” Phio replied, judiciously.
“Not in any conventional sense – but they were the first to talk of the war of men. What we have of our historical records are too unclear for me to have deciphered the specifics, but the war is a culminating thing – its origins were laid in the conflicts of that time, and it has only grown since. It has reached a point where we cannot avoid the conflict – its causes are too deeply imbedded in our society.”
“Then how are we deal with it?” 
“In that I believe we have an advantage – the Tome of Acrius has or rather will spark this war. And therefore we know who our enemies will be; the Tribunal. We can prepare; we can be ready for them – and the fact that you kept the last verse of Thyesmered’s last prophecy secret can allow us to win.”
Phio stared at his aide for some time. He could not deny Faldorn had been right about the prophecy itself – but that served to spark resentment; once again, this younger archivist was forcing him into an inescapable and, most pressingly, undesired position. 
His tolerance was strained, his patience long abandoned – but he could not overcome the trust his aide had earned.
“I want to see what has so convinced you of this.” Phio said guardedly.
“It is an older prophecy, one that has not been deciphered or resolved for many years.” Faldorn elucidated; he selected one of the volumes he had brought with him and searched for the desired page. He slid the open tome over to his mentor.
Phio perused the small verse as Faldorn continued, “The context of the prophecy is not clear. But the indication of the last line is what convinced me.”
The page read;

‘Wounds trespass the soul of man,
Lay now unto the brink,
A tide of blood spans years untold,
Will past and future link,

The first of steps is taken,
The war of death draws nigh,
The words of old have been unsealed,
And truth no more shall hide.’

“That could mean any number of things.” the Elder Archivist pronounced. 
“Yes it could –” his aide retorted, “And I believe that it does refer to something other than the Tome of Acrius. I believe I know the crux of this war; the necromancers.”
Phio glared at him warily, “Are you questioning what we do?”
“Have you not?” 
After a harsh moment, Phio muttered censoriously, “I should never have told you; it was my weakness. You are too young to comprehend this matter. There is a reason only the Elder Archivists are supposed to know of this.”
The words dealt a silent injury to his aide; but Faldorn returned his stare and said in a quiet tone that the Elder Archivist had never before heard from him, “Phio you cannot ignore this.”
Phio was taken aback – the passionate sincerity in the younger man’s eyes cut through him; and the authority in his voice could not be countered. Unwanted admiration and pride sparked in the older man, amidst the irritation and bitterness – both of which he struggled to maintain.
The younger archivist pronounced, reservedly, “What we do is wrong.”

*     *     *

Ayadra had not moved since the riders had left. For hours all he had done was lie, under the black weight of his cloak, amidst the soft breeze, across the unyielding flatness of the plains.
He breathed; a sharp stab accompanied each inhalation, and forced the air out of his lungs before it could do much good. His fingers were broken – they had gone numb. His head swam in a haze of dizziness, edged by stabbing throbs, sharp and sudden. He could not move.
Fear quivered in his chest, and fought off the yearning for unconsciousness and relief.
He did not want to die.
His guard waited a pace away; the man who had broken his fingers. Hheirdane had stood above him for hours, as they day passed by.
Ayadra had lain.
– And he had remembered.
More than he wanted to, more than he could bear.
Despite the broken bones, and the nausea and numbness of shock, the most damning wound of all – was the fact that he knew he deserved this.
He knew, as he had known what had happened that night on the river.
He had wounded Hheirdane – he had lashed out with his talon and dealt a scar to the knight’s back. He had remembered that last night; some force had opened the door to his memories of the dream, of his flight, and his attack on his guards.
And that same force had returned just before dawn; in the darkness of the night; to whisper of his isolation – that Llrsyring would abandon him, and he would deserve what happened next. He had not known what it had meant – he did not know how he knew what he knew –
Confusion dogged him – as heavy as fear.
– Inexplicable and overpowering, the force that opened his mind had returned to deliver a new piece of knowledge. The truth – a fact –
A fact he had seen in Hheirdane’s eyes.
At some point, during the beating; when he had struggled to protect himself, he had glanced up and met the eyes of his guard. They were in pain – a pain too terrible for words.
A pain Ayadra knew – and relived every night.
At the time, he had been too terrified to recognise it – but now, in the hours he had spent nursing his injuries under the fear of another beating or death – he had realised it. And some force within had broadened that truth with inexplicable knowledge.
He had wounded Hheirdane – in more than the knight’s flesh. 
His talon, a part of his body – like all of him – he did not understand, had lashed out and struck – and it had dealt the worst wound Hheirdane had ever suffered. It had rived open the man’s being and reached down through blood and flesh and bone and thought to find the one pain Hheirdane could never bear.
His damning pain – the knight’s own hours of burning in a blacksmith’s.
Ayadra knew, when he had struck the knight on the riverbank, he had caused Hheirdane to relive the moment that had broken him. Ayadra knew, because he had seen it himself, in that same moment.
And again, when he had met Hheirdane’s eyes – when the man had broken his fingers.

A road stretched before him, beneath the rhythmic beat of his piebald gelding. The road wound towards the horizon, on the western side of the Fore-guard Mountains. The southern sun held its place above the southwest horizon, casting the warmth of summer’s last days.
Hheirdane had been happy.
Elle’dred rode at his side, on a spirited young black requisitioned from Delphanas. Hheirdane was younger then, despite his façade of stoicism enforced on the battlefield – he had been as full of life as the horse that threatened to unseat his friend.
Elle’dred fought the pull of the reins as the black veered unsteadily, tottering into a crab-walk.
“You’ve led a campaign against goblins, and survived your own men, but you’re going get your head split open by a damned horse?” Hheirdane shouted over his shoulder with a grin; he reined his own mount away from the erratic course of the black.
“Looks like,” Elle’dred joked back, half-laughing, “I should have waited for Garde, might’ve set back the campaign a month, but it’d be a convenience well worth it.”
Hheirdane chuckled, “I hope you do fall, it’d be a more dignified death than you deserve.”
Elle’dred very nearly did slip from the horse’s back trying to deal a swipe at him.
Hheirdane kicked his horse into a gallop, with a laugh.
They were only an hour away from Narnauden, a town on the edge of the northern marshes of the West Bank; Alandra had travelled there from the highlands of Ygoth to visit her family, and to meet him.
Tallai’dred, his son, was waiting for him.
Hheirdane half expected to see the boy cross the next bend of the road; arms crossed in impatience, atop his uncle’s old pinto, with the knight’s brother-in-law haplessly goaded into riding out to meet him. The boy had a knack for scheduling that bordered on the obsessive; especially where his father was concern – “You’re late, daddy.” were common words out of the six year-olds mouth.
Hheirdane always smiled when he heard them, although it irked him, and unfortunately for his parenthood, his son was always right. He would make a great Archivist someday.
He had been held up on this occasion by the last briefing of their campaign; he was two days late. In part, the blame rested on Elle’dred – the bastard had recommended him for a promotion.
It didn’t help that the blustering old-farts that ruled Ammandorn had taken the better part of day to view their forward base camp, and give a needless speech on the merits of their victory. The campaign had been successful; they had decimated the goblins’ main force in a single battle, and they had scoured the mountain range of villages and outposts; their weeks of skirmishing across the mountains had claimed threefold their losses.
Hheirdane had lost a friend on the slopes; a Captain of a regiment – but such things were a part of his life; soldiers fought and soldiers died. That was war. They knew what their duty entailed.
The Archivists had declared their victory, the Champion of the White Wolf’s victory, and they had delivered the news that the oracles had predicted the end of the conflict – there was no longer any threat.
After suffering a ceremony, trapped in his new dress uniform, he had been awarded the title of Sword-Bearer, and a fancy new sword. He was looking forward to trying it out on a hunting trip with his brother-in-law and his son.
Elle’dred had caught up to him, after he slowed his horse to a canter.
– Something had drawn his attention. 
Smoke.
A thin column of grey rose from the distance. It was not right.
A glance at Elle’dred, had them both push their mounts into a gallop. Dogged by apprehension, Hheirdane had driven his gelding to its limit – which smoke could only come from one thing. It could not have come from that; they were safe. There was no more threat.
He rounded a bend in the road.
A crest, marked by the ancient husk of an oak at its summit, and bordered by the impenetrable thickness of Ythun’dier on both sides, rose to the edge of the horizon. Across its slope, lay the large shape of a horse – a pinto. And a man’s body.
They were small yet, but grew with the gallop beneath him, until they dominated his world.
He could not see anything but the bodies; the old pinto, with three arrows planted in its side; the man, barely thirty, blood-staining his soldier’s tunic around the broken shaft of an arrow; and the small shape of a boy, with an arrow nearly half his size lodged above his collarbone.
A boy, his boy. His son. Tallai’dred.

Ayadra had seen it. He had inflicted it on Hheirdane, in the moment he struck him. And in the knight’s dreams, every night hence.
That pain had broken him; broken Hheirdane then as it did now. Hheirdane had nearly killed himself in the days that followed; it had nearly destroyed his family.
And Ayadra knew what he had done; whatever force had showed him the truth of Hheirdane’s past, it had showed him his nature, at least in one aspect – his talons; they brought pain like no other.
The truth.
– What was he? 
He had never considered it – to the depths of his memory, all he had been concerned with was surviving. His cell, his guards. His punishments.
Who was he? Why was he different from his guards? Why did they hate him so much? They called him an ‘evil weapon’, he did not know what that meant – 
Hheirdane stood over him; from beneath the edge of his cowl, fluttering in the breeze, he could see the sky – the southern sun spat vermillion and crimson in its lingering moments.
The gloom fell, and darkness. And the cold.
Hheirdane growled.
His heart thrummed in immobile panic.
The knight’s sword sang as it was drawn from its sheath; Ayadra repressed a cry – he was going to die. And he deserved it. He did not want – 
No blow fell.
Hheirdane had stopped – and Ayadra could feel the shock and paralysing bewilderment that had stopped his guard. As he felt the thing that had provoked the feelings.
It lay behind him.
Instinct forced him around; it reignited his injuries – but shock dulled the sharpest edges. 
He did not know what he saw.
A forest grew before him, a perfect wall of darkened trees. The trees grew in flawless spacing, each stood as a soldier of an army, with ranks exact footfalls from each other, each braced to confront an enemy. And yet, in the darkness of the night they seemed as shadow. They seemed as though they would only be so long as the starlight cast them that way.
Darker shapes moved amidst the shadows of the trees; darkness deeper than the night above, or the wood of the forest. One grew larger and then from amidst the ranks of the shadow forest – Elle’dred stumbled out and fell to the ground.
His guard – Hheirdane retreated and raised his sword. The Champion of the White Wolf lay sprawled at his feet.
The other dark shape enlarged and emerged – Llrsyring followed the knight. The suit of armour’s tread was steadier, and he gripped his notched blade in his right hand. He came to stop a few feet from Hheirdane, the hollow sockets of his helm affixed to the man’s eyes.
Hheirdane growled – Ayadra started; the same viciousness that had broken his fingers, remanifested in the knight’s voice. Hheirdane advanced and thrust – the deathwalker made no attempt to stop him.
Hheirdane’s blade drove clean through the armour.
Llrsyring stood for a moment, facing the rage of the knight – then collapsed, falling to his side. The suit of armour clattered to the ground, pulling the Sword-Bearer’s blade from his grasp, yet fixed through his chest.
The crash of plates had Ayadra jump; his wound objected. He cringed.
Llrsyring did not move – and a multitude or arrows protruded from his back.
Elle’dred moaned. An arrow impaled his leg.
Ayadra felt absence – as he had felt the strange presence behind him; the forest was gone, evanesced into the darkness of the night.
Elle’dred groaned in pain, and lethargically tried to prop himself up on his arm, while his other reached to test his wound.
Hheirdane drew a dagger, and advanced on the recumbent Champion, “Elle’dred?”
The knight looked up, bewildered, “Hheirdane? What are you? –” he paused; realisation crystallised in his features, accompanied by an inexplicable sorrow, “Hheirdane, I’m sorry.”
Elle’dred slumped onto his back, into unconsciousness.
Ayadra watched his only guard.
Hheirdane’s anger and pain were apparent in every inch of his body. His hand tensed around the hilt of his dagger. He raised it.
The beat of hooves carried over the night.

 

Chapter 15

The Andarae were happy with the way the land was. Though to their dismay, the children of the First Heaven had grown so bright that now wherever they walked they shaped things anew. They had not realised their power had become such, and they wept at what they knew they must do. This heaven, the fourth, the youngest of the heavens, was to grow on its own. And if the Andarae where to let it do so, they could not remain upon it for more than the briefest of times. Until the fourth heaven grew to reach the first. 

So the Andarae bound themselves to the river, to change and be reborn each time they left the first heaven. Now they would constantly travel the circle of the sky, visiting each heaven in turn, but only for the moments the river swept past them.

*     *     *

Phio stood at the window in his study; dawn had risen on the mountains surrounding him, but once more its warmth was paltry and uncomforting. In the many years since he had been elected to his station, he had never been so disillusioned. 
Flares of political intrigue were rife throughout the Assembly; his rival in the Triumvirate had seen sure to inflict as much as one man could upon him – but this dilemma, this challenge, ultimately his decision was overwhelming.
With a meticulous and sceptical eye, he had read all of Faldorn’s findings – and then he had read them again. He had traced every deduction, every line of reason his aide had made; he was sure he would have found a flaw, some small error that his hesitation and complacency could broaden into doubt – but he had not. There was no doubt – no error.
Neither indignation, nor despair had won out as he had spent the night in thought. They were equal in fervour and influence, although they both led to the same inequitable conclusion; a conclusion they, again, equally protested against pursuing.
He sighed.
The sun cut through the ravine between the highest slopes of the range, and burst in blinding glare through the glass. He raised his hand languidly to obscure the radiance; for a moment he wondered if he stared into the white orb long enough would it blind him to his troubles. Reluctantly, he turned around and moved to his chair.
A knock on the open door frame alerted him to a visitor. He looked up and met the weary countenance of his fellow Elder Archivist. Ormus met his gaze as he moved into the study; his eyes were as cold as ever – but Phio thought there was a strange despondency in his features, either masked or a reflection of his own desolate mood.
“Good Morning Elder Archivist Phio.” Ormus said.
Phio managed a nod in response. Ormus gestured towards a seat; Phio approved with another nod. The Elder Archivist sat and sighed; a long silence held between them – but strangely, the enmity that would normally have had one stone-faced and the other alive with elocution, was omitted.
There was an equal disillusionment in the two men – and it bridged the gulf of their antagonism.
Ormus met his scrutiny, unwaveringly, “Phio, I have news – news that you must hear.” his voice was as steadfast as his eyes.
“Is it about the war?”
“No.” Ormus answered, “It is about the Tribunal.”
Phio sighed, “I do not care about the Tribunal – their protestations can wait until Ammandorn has fallen to the Immortal.” The word slipped out so easily, he scarce realised that he had spoken it.
“This matter cannot wait.” Ormus stated empathically, “The Tribunal is planning a revolution.”
Phio was pulled from his apathy – into shock.
The Elder Archivist continued, “I must inform you that the Tribunal is planning to overthrow the Assembly; they are convinced the Archivist order has become corrupt. They believe we intend to override their laws until we have complete reign – that we are using the war to our advantage.”
Phio stammered, the only word that manifested through his bewilderment was, “What?”
“The magus are planning a revolution,” Ormus professed, “And Hadrath is leading them.”
The silence returned.
Phio managed to regain himself, “What proof do you have of this?”
Ormus sighed, “As an Elder Archivist I have spent much more time in the magus keep than here in our city. In that ample time I have made more than one friend amongst the magus – and in all honesty, I would consider one a fool if he stopped at that.” he paused, “What has always disturbed me most about you and Rethan is your idealism – that the duties of governance are a clean, simple setting. They are not. Some of us keep watch much more closely than you, and are not afraid to dirty our hands.”
The dangerous glint in the man’s eyes perturbed Phio – as did his implications, “What exactly do mean by that?”
“Nothing that you would want to hear,” the older man answered, impassively, “As you do not wish to hear our government has fractured. However, the Tribunal is plotting a revolution – and you must be made aware of it.” 
Phio swallowed and met Ormus eyes, questioningly, “Why did you come to me with this?”
“Because I blame you for it,” he answered, “You have provoked the magus into rashness and insanity, the defiance of their laws has motivated this – and it was you who forced the others into acquiescence. The Assembly might have been spared this had you not.” Ormus took a breath, “However, I told you that the time for petty rivalry is over; I intend to protect the land. What the Tribunal plans is wrong – it would be wrong in peace, and it is or it should be unthinkable at a time such as this.”
Phio regarded the Elder Archivist before him – the man’s sincerity was striking, and though the faint acrimony of a lifetime of rivalry lingered in his gaze, he seemed honestly requesting the support of his fellow. Despite the misgivings Phio could never quash where Ormus was concerned, he found himself asking, “Then what do you plan to do about it?”
“My sources within the magus order, have informed me that Hadrath is the primary instigator of this plot – he did not object formally to your proposal because he knew it would be ineffective. He has convinced the others of the Tribunal into the necessity of this move; and while it may not counter their plan entirely, it would add considerable opposition to it – Hadrath must die.”
Again, Phio found himself shocked to incredulity; Ormus had consistently surprised him during recent days, but never so much as by the willingness to commit treason – though what stunned and disturbed Phio, was the forthright ease at which Ormus pronounced the verdict. 
“You intend murder – treason?”
“This move by the Tribunal has convinced me they have grown too powerful; they have no right to plunge the land into civil war, to mete out unwarranted and illegal retribution – and that they have not the temperance to spare the land a war on two sides only attests to the arrogance of their institution.”
“But is not treason as unconscionable as –”
“Treason?” Ormus interjected, “The magus plan treason; hence any act we take against them is not.”
“Ormus, should I believe what you are saying, I cannot condone killing the Staff-Bearer.”
“War is upon us Phio.” Ormus stated, and added, “A war between men as much as goblins. Abhorrent decisions must be made to save lives.” he paused, “I could have done this myself. But, I respect you enough that I would not act outside the Triumvirate’s confidence.”
“Do you plan to consult Rethan?”
Ormus sighed, “We both know Rethan is your lapdog; he sides with you despite his better judgement – and he would side with you simply to oppose me. I came to you first, because whatever decision you make will correspond with the vote of one, if not two, of us; and in this case – should you decide to prohibit my plan of action, I will abide with the decision of the Triumvirate.” the admission surprised Phio; but Ormus added, “Under the clause, however, that the burden of responsibility in stopping the Tribunal should then fall on you.”
Phio stared at the other Elder Archivist for a long time; he doubted Ormus’ intentions, but not the information. The sleepless night of musing, where he had perused prophecy after prophecy that showed a war between men was certain culminated in this moment.    
Hesitantly and guardedly he enquired, “If you had Hadrath killed, would it not encourage the Tribunal to act sooner?”
“No.” Ormus responded, “Their plan hinges upon secrecy – they must have time to prepare their attack. If Hadrath is killed, they will be less resolute; and should they surmise that we have uncovered their plot, they will either abandon it or at the very least prolong its incitement.”
Again, an interminable silence fell over the room; Phio was consumed by thought – a mercilessly direct line of thought; and he had neither the physical nor the mental strength to analyse the circumstances further, “Very well.”
Ormus was perplexed, “You agree then that Hadrath must die?”
Phio nodded.
Ormus rose and stood above him, “I will make the arrangements; you need not have more of a hand in this than you would prefer.”
The callousness with which the man spoke disturbed Phio – and for a moment he felt mortally threatened by the archivist standing opposite him; but the realisation dawned that in twenty years his rival had not levelled such weapons against him – despite many provocations a bloodthirsty mind might regard as fair. In a paradoxical way, that knowledge fostered a trust that transcended their animosity.
“There is one other thing,” Phio stated, a new strength inherent in his voice, “I do not want Rethan to know about this; not yet in any case – if we prevent the Magus from pursuing their revolution, he need never become involved.”
Ormus nodded, but added, “I warn you Phio, this act will not be the last we may have to make. If we induce the Magus only into delaying their plot, there will be much more unsavoury work ahead of us.”
Phio nodded; he had already arrived to that conclusion.

*     *     *

Elle’dred woke. The soft cushioning of a pillow braced his head, the weight of wool covered his naked body and the firmness of a mattress rested stoically beneath him.  His head swam in dizziness and pain; he lay for a moment, his vision spun – as did the room with it.
Slowly, he tried to recollect what had recently transpired; he could not remember how he got here or where ‘here’ was. He forced himself to focus through the haze; he was determined to inspect his surroundings. 
He rotated his head to the side – and the near blinding ray of light, spearing from the window, dazzled his vision with a burst of white. His head ached such that when he moved it, it felt as though something sharp, hard – and foreign had been placed inside his skull and rattled around in its emptiness. 
The pain throbbed, and washed away all semblance of where he was in the room.
He sucked in a deep breath to steady himself. Another, deep and steady.
Frustration nearly overwhelmed him; if he could not overcome the pain, he would never be able to assess his location. He gripped onto the bed as a landmark, and began to curl his back into a sitting position. As he wrenched himself upright, the room span so violently he almost fell back to the pillow. 
Malevolent waves of a storm locked inside his skull, crashed against his ears – and seemed to resound off the wooden walls of the barracks.
Barracks. 
He remembered something. He remembered the night before – he remembered being in pain. The arrow wound; his leg. He reached down, underneath his blanket, and inspected the limb – it was bandaged. 
He sighed in relief.
Slowly he cast his yet bleary vision at the wall opposite, past the rows of cots; all were no different to the one beneath him. He looked up – and immediately he had to lower his gaze; the rows of high windows beyond a railing and balcony above, cast glaring lances of light down into the barracks. Dust, in the musty air, hovered amidst the illuminating beams, barely moving; it irritated his nose as he gathered the smell of the room.
He caught the slight scent of familiar herbs, astringent and cleansing – medicinal herbs. Probably from his bandage of all things.
He closed his eyes, and listened. Noise had a far less disorienting effect than sight. He could hear steady breathing behind him. Slowly, he rotated to uncover the source. 
Taedoran slept; his shoulder was bandaged and he was exceedingly pallid, but he rested soundly. The other cots around the room were empty – a noise alerted the knight to the far wall.
Ayadra shifted against the wood. 
Ayadra.
He was wrapped in his cloak, and his shackles had been secured to the wall, as before, through a link in their chains. His hands were bound, in bandaging – splints; a cast.
He had been injured – badly.
“Ayadra?” Elle’dred asked, his voice came out as a rasp – and conveyed none of the significant concern he felt.
Ayadra did not respond.
The compulsion to rise and inspect the incarnate’s injuries propelled him, but the pain in his head was renewed in a surge and amidst a blinding wave of dizziness, he fell back onto the bed and into unconsciousness.

When he woke again, the windows were dark; night had fallen. The pain was considerably less than it had been earlier in the day, and he could sit up without being forced back into recumbence.
Once more, a sound drew his attention. 
Like the distant cry of a tempest.
He turned to the corner of the room, where the shape of the walking suit of armour parted from the shadows, as dark as his robes, and stepped into the light of the lamp that illuminate the space.
“Llrsyring.” Elle’dred exclaimed in relief.
The echoed voice of the armour returned the greeting, “Elle’dred.”
As he recovered his senses, and the earnestness of the situation, Elle’dred asked, “Where are we?”
“The Stronghold of Catesus.”
– One of the twelve keeps that composed their western defences.
Consternation returned – too many concerns fell abruptly on his tired shoulders.
“While I am glad to see you,” he muttered, “You should not risk exposing yourself to the township. You should go, wait until we resume our march.”
“That will be many days yet.” Llrsyring countered.
The answer baffled him for a moment –
“Why?” he asked – even the beginnings of an explanation would help him order his thoughts.
“The Champion will require yet a week or more to recover to a point where even he can force himself on. Your wound also will take some time to heal; you already have been asleep for two days.” – what? “But furthermore, a goblin host approaches; your fifth army withdrew to this keep to combat them. It is yet some days away; however, even if we were to leave before the goblins arrive we would risk detection on the plains.”
Elle’dred ignored the two days he had lost; that did not matter now, “How large is the Goblin army?” 
He knew their soldiers would not have retreated to the stronghold unless the force was overwhelming, “Do you think we will be able to fight them off?”
Llrsyring did not answer for a moment, but his reply was honest, “No.” he said, “The goblins are too many; more than I believe even this place can withstand. This keep had already suffered more than one attack, its own garrison has been bled thin, and the fifth army has sustained its own losses.”
Elle’dred gaped, incredulous.
The deathwalker continued, “The goblins have concentrated their forces. Their numbers are beyond measure, and your armies were unprepared.”
A thought pierced the numbness of shock, almost reflexively he asked, “Can you help?”
“Perhaps,” Llrsyring replied, but as the knight tried to rise, the armour turned the subject of the conversation, “You should rest.”
As he put weight on his injured leg, Elle’dred grimaced in pain and sat back down.
Another thought – no, a memory resurfaced in his mind. Something important, something he had forgotten.
“Deathwalker.” he mumbled, and looked up to the empty helm, “Llrsyring, I don’t remember anything about Dwener’dier. You took me there – and the land of all things fallen; but I don’t recall anything else…why?”
“Some things are better left forgotten.” Llrsyring muttered.
Elle’dred sighed; if he weren’t so overwhelmed by circumstance and concerns, he might’ve retreated into thought. 
He cradled his head in his hands momentarily, the foreboding threat of the goblins weighed heavily – as did the apparent tactical situation. He had not known how dire a war they faced, and this was just the opening wave –
He remembered. 
His eyes focused as the realisation dawned on him, “And some things are not better left forgotten – deathwalkers, necromancers. When you first appeared you said you were of the Sixth Blood – but there are only…” he paused, “There are six bloods aren’t there?”
“Elle’dred.” – the deathwalker’s voice evinced a hard caution amidst his echo.
“Answer me.” the knight snapped – he didn’t have the time for complacency.
Llrsyring paused, “There are six bloods.”
“And the blood of necromancers is the sixth?” – Llrsyring nodded, “Then…if there are some born to the blood of necromancers, what is done with them?” the deathwalker held his silence; after an elongated pause, the knight pressed, “Llrsyring?”
“There are some things that once we learn, we then wish we could forget them, but we cannot. This knowledge is such – do you still desire to know?”
“I want you to answer me.”
Llrsyring seemed to concede defeat – or approval, “They are given the death they are born to.”
For a brief moment he was confused to the point of anger – but then comprehension sparked a surge of loathing; not of the deathwalker, but of the truth the armour had just presented, “You mean to say they are taken at birth, trained in their blood?” 
An involuntary plea manifest in his eyes; every part of him desired only to fight the knowledge.
Llrsyring shook his helm.
He stammered, “They are killed?” 
Disbelief, rage, betrayal – all emptied his gut; if he had had food in his stomach he would retched in onto the floor. 
“Murdered,” Llrsyring confirmed, “At birth.”
With every moment that passed, his world was shattering – and clinging onto the fragments only bloodied his fingers. Still he groped –
“The magus.” – he tried to fix his sickness on something he loathed; the magus were responsible for condemning necromancy. Their laws, murdered –
“It is not only they.”
“Then who?” he asked – but he already knew the answer.
“The Archivists.”
Elle’dred looked away; he could not breathe.
Betrayal had riven a hollow inside him – and it welled on his eyes, but inept tears were not enough to fill or allay the pain of the emptiness. He could not breathe –
“Does the Champion know?”
“Yes.”
Elle’dred shot to his feet; the pain stabbed through his leg – he didn’t care. His eyes blazed with indignation and fury – on the body of the sleeping man – he reached for his sword. 
Llrsyring gripped his hand.
“Your friend needs you.” the armour muttered, cryptically.
“What?” Elle’dred could barely comprehend what he said – meaning was beyond him.
“Hheirdane.” Llrsyring said, again inexplicably, “Talk with him, before you do anything else you’ll regret.” 
The suit of armour’s hand did not leave Elle’dred’s arm as his cloak once again transformed into tendrils of swirling mist and he vanished.
Elle’dred felt a preternatural chill sweep through him, and for a brief moment the despair of death whispered in his heart – but it remained only for an instant. And the second that had passed left him lucid – enough that he only shot a momentary glance of utter abhorrence at the Champion. 
He looked around for his clothes – any clothes. His pack rested against the wall, aside four others.
He paid no heed to the incarnate, huddled against the wall, as he pulled on his trousers and a tunic; his leg blazed with pain – after two steps, it was obvious he could not walk much further; not without crutches.
There had to be some guards at the door – they must have already seen Ayadra.
He forced himself the distance to the door; ten steps. 
He bit back the pain, and the betrayal – he could deal with it later. If he survived the assault on the stronghold.
For now, all that mattered was Llrsyring’s warning.

*     *     *

High Magus Ragmurath moved through the dungeons of Grgadorn – the prisons of Ammandorn. They stretched for many levels under the Magus Keep, though only the most threatening convicts, and those that soon faced trial, were kept here. There were no guards; the wood of the doors, the metal of the bars and the stones all around were enchanted with deep magics – to be impenetrable, unbreakable and merciless.
Over a century had been required for magus artisans to build the dungeons – such that no prisoner, no matter the blood they were born to, could escape. 
The corridor was silent save for the echoes of his footsteps, and the rare muffled scramble and scratching of chains away from the doors he passed.
The cell arrived on him with undue haste. As he neared the door, his restraint was strained not to retch. The stench from inside was nearly intolerable, and the iron bars of the door’s small grate were covered in the dried remains of – discipline.
He was not surprised the prisoner had needed such treatment recently. As the High Magus peered in through the bars, he heard the clink of manacles in the darkness beyond. The faint glimmer of an eye moved on the edge of the dim light – it stared back at him.
“High Magus Ragmurath,” the voice hissed, and warmed into malevolent cordiality, “What a pleasure.”
The perpetual sneer on the High Magus face flickered with contempt and repugnance, “Tor,” he returned, and paused, “Under the laws of Tribunal you have been sentenced to death, for fifteen counts of murder and torture.”
With sincere pleasure, the response was almost sung, “And I enjoyed every last one of them.”
Ragmurath did not respond immediately to the goading – but the arrogance of his face oddly faded.
“Caythara,” he muttered – a shriek of agony was wrenched from the darkness, and pulled the prisoner from the shadows onto the ground nearer the door. 
As the wracking pain faded, Tor began to laugh – his laughter mutated into wild, insane glee. He stood sharply and stared through the grate at the man that had inflicted his pain.
He smiled, “The Staff-Bearer thought that my crimes warranted death – but he was not convinced they were terrible enough to earn me a slow one. It was such a slight I felt I had to reiterate exactly what I did to each and every one of them – I had only described my way through the second when he banged his gavel and ordered ‘death by flames’.” his smile widened into malicious delight, “I inflicted that one on two of my victims; you see, first you set them on fire, then you slow it down, you let the flames consume them tiny inch, by tiny inch, until enough of them is burnt away they die.”
“You are an affront to the magus blood.” Ragmurath returned, impassively; the prisoner spat a globule of saliva onto his livid features in response.
“Do not forget it.” Tor’s smile shone savagely. 
The High Magus sighed and spoke the binding word again – another shriek moved from the cell. Ragmurath wiped the offending foulness from his face.
Tor gasped for air, the agony lingered in quivers in his muscles; yet, inhumanly, he clawed his way to the grate.
“If you do that again my offer will not be extended.” Ragmurath said, calmly, “In your youth, you were a hired assassin – a vicious one yes, but you were exceptional at your trade, and at hiding it.” he paused, and framed as officiously as he could, “I wish to employ your services.”
Tor sniggered, “Are you saying a High Magus of the Tribunal wants to set me free – and pay me?”
“You will be free,” the High Magus said, flatly, “But you must agree to come into my service.”
Another malign giggle, “Really? And then I would like the Tribunal to eat each other.”
“It is interesting that you would say that,” Ragmurath replied, “The first act I intend for you to commit in my service is the murder of the Staff-Bearer.”
Silence presided, but a gleeful smile was returned.
“Clearly, you will not be acquitted of your charges, nor will you be officially free; according to our records you will have perished while you tried to escape. And the binding spell will remain in place.”
“And the only price then is that I kill the people you tell me to?”
“Only the people I tell you to. And I will not allow you to live with civilised people, you will live where I tell you to live, and you will not attempt to leave my service or I myself will exact your punishment,” Ragmurath leaned closer to the bars, “As you well know, I too enjoy watching the guilty burn.”
Tor was quiet for a long time, his smile faded, but as he stepped to the bars he looked as maniacal as any human being was capable of, “I pledge myself to your service High Magus –” a smirk curled his features, and he licked his lips, “Shall we seal our deal with a kiss?”
Ragmurath paused. 
For a tense moment all he could do was stare. 
He moved forward and pressed his lips against the prisoner’s.
As the High Magus drew away from his bastard son, he muttered, “You were the worst son a father could hope for.”
“But I am yours, father.” The insane smile shone.
Ragmurath turned away and strode down the corridor – as the demonic laughter of his kin burned against the stones.

*     *     *

Elle’dred limped across the town proper. His crutches and his injured leg hindered his stride to a short hobble – but even had he not been injured he would have been unable to travel any swifter.
The stronghold was being prepared for a siege; the garrison and the reserves of the fifth army were fortifying the township as best they could. Soldiers filled the streets, bearing elements of barricades, supplies or herding droves of people towards the larger, more secure outbuildings of the central fortress. The keep itself was already full; the massive edifice, lit only by the myriad glitter of torches lining its tiered battlements had been filled with only a third of the town’s current populace. There simply was not enough room left in the township for the people; hundreds of refugees from the western provinces of the Seven Lakes had fled to the keeps – driven there by the goblin host that had penetrated Ammandorn’s defences.
The stronghold had been filled to brimming point – and in its majority, by civilians alone.
The defenders of the keep: the fifth army, and Catesus’ garrison; together they should have numbered fifteen hundred men – but Elle’dred had discovered that number was a gross over-estimation.
Nine-hundred soldiers remained fit to defend the stronghold – of the fifth army’s expected thousand, only six hundred soldiers had survived their first encounter with the goblin host; and of the five hundred men stationed as the keep’s garrison, only three hundred remained, the others had been dispatched when the first reports of attacks on the Seven Lakes districts had arrived.
Over a hundred men had been lost trying to evacuate and escort the villagers and townspeople from the centre plains to the supposed safety of the keeps; others had been slain during the attacks on the stronghold. More died from their wounds every hour.
The soldiers that busied themselves with the preparations were collectively run-down; exhausted, hungry and terrified. Their morale was non-existent – Elle’dred could see the despair on their faces; they knew they were going to die, as too many of their friends had in recent days.
Groups of villagers had been conscripted or volunteered to assist in the keep’s defence – anyone who could bear arms, and was fit enough for duty. But Elle’dred knew they would be no more than fodder – bodies to pile and block the breached entrances of the keep once the goblins broke through; groups of untrained, inexperienced and armed civilians were likely to pose more of a hindrance than any aid to the battle.
Elle’dred tried not to consider the scale of their losses, should they succeed in holding the keep – even the Champion of the White Wolf quailed at the odds they faced.
The goblin’s host numbered in the thousands.
And any reinforcements were days away.
As staggering as their foes numbers were, the knight was perturbed most by the seeming intelligence the goblins exhibited – they did not have to assault Catesus; indeed, given the current tactical situation, a host of that size would do better to bypass the keeps and head for the flat-lands, wreaking as much damage as they could.
That had always been the goblins choice of tactics, in the past.
But now, they seemed intent on dismantling Ammandorn’s western defences – in the prelude of a more concentrated and planned stratagem. The goblins – the forces of the Immortal had aided them in more than force.

Elle’dred suppressed his thoughts about the coming battle; it led to the ineptness of their government – it led to betrayal. He didn’t have time for that; not now.
He had spent a fruitless hour inquiring into the whereabouts of his friend – Hheirdane had been missing for nearly a day, according to the guards stationed outside the barracks. But as the night drew on, Elle’dred had discovered where the Sword-Bearer had retreated to.
A tavern across the township.
The place was frequented by soldiers in their off-hours; and now, it had been crowded with those men too injured to assist in the town’s defence, but still alive enough to be a reminder of the straits and a drag on morale. Those soldiers that did not require immediate treatment, and some who did, had been abandoned in the township’s locales of alcohol – free to drink themselves to numbness or death, whichever they preferred. Alcohol was the only medicine the stronghold had left in any abundance.
As the Champion of the White Wolf crossed the open threshold of the tavern, the thickness of the air struck him like a blow. He had caught the stench some distance away; both from inside and out – the smells of infection, putrefaction and death.
He had passed the myriad wounded laid out around the building, and the handful of corpses that sat in their midst; those alive were too drunk or in too much pain to perceive the smell.
Inside, the atmosphere was deadly – heavy to the point of suffocation, and ripe with the foetid stench of injury, sweat and nausea. The windows had been smashed to allow in some ventilation.
Elle’dred hobbled past a surgeon, sprawled beside a body pale with death; the man’s face was flushed with alcohol, and the wheezing of his breath evinced his intoxication – his face bled from a contusion dealt to the side of his skull, dealt by his own blood-covered fist.
A bottle rested loosely in his other hand.
Elle’dred ignored the man – he searched for his friend.
Sobbing, sprawled across a table, he found Hheirdane.
The Sword-Bearer sucked in deep, painful breaths at irregular intervals, and his face – his features resembled a grief Elle’dred had seen only once before in his life. There was nothing Hheirdane could have suffered that would bring about such anguish.
Bewildered, panicked and incredulous, Elle’dred tried, “Hheirdane?”
A ragged gasp was the sole response.
He tried to shake his friend into lucidity, but Hheirdane refused to be pulled from his inconceivable stupor.
“What has happened?” Elle’dred pleaded – there was no response. Powerless to comprehend what had driven Hheirdane into this state, Elle’dred stood and stared, crushed by the toxic air of the tavern.
After a long while, Hheirdane began to murmur; a faint, inherent noise. The noise achieved a pattern, and slowly broke through into discernable words.
“She’s dead, she’s dead, she’s dead…” 
“Who’s dead?” Elle’dred asked, trying to force more from his fellow knight – Hheirdane muttered nothing else, “Hheirdane please, tell me what has happened?”
Hheirdane turned his head into the table.
Desperate, Elle’dred tried, “Hheirdane, Llrsyring told me –”
The Sword-Bearer roared – and lashed out, savagely. Unprepared, Elle’dred took the blow across his jaw. He was knocked to the ground, landing atop a corpse or a body lost in drunken-slumber. His head reeled with dizziness – a haze glittered across his vision.
Ringing occluded his ears.
Through the numbness, he heard, “I hate you!” screamed and muffled above him.
A sharp pain impacted his gut, and drove the wind from his lungs; the haze blurred into darkness.
When his vision returned, Hheirdane was gone.
Slowly, he managed to find his feet – his leg cried out. Gradually, he retrieved his crutches, and steadied himself with what willpower he had remaining to him – his face throbbed, his gut ached, and his concerns remounted with impossible force.
The emptiness of betrayal returned in Hheirdane’s absence.
He had lost his friend, to some pain he could not understand – and he had lost his resolve to a betrayal too fundamental to overcome. His life had been founded on lies. Lies he neither wanted to acknowledge nor could ignore.
As the scarlet light of dawn broke the darkness, he realised the only thing he had the power or the will to confront was an enemy. And he wanted to make the bastard deserving of it, hurt.
He hobbled out of the tavern, towards the barracks where the Champion of the Tribunal lay.
 

End of Part 1

