The Journey of Lushira
Copyright 2017 Mike Kenny
Smashwords Edition
Cover Art by Mike Kenny
I am just a simple man.  I can plant crops, I can light a fire, I can gut a deer, I can cook a meal, I can set a broken bone, I can build a simple hut to live in.  I have no wife or children, and my own parents are long dead from the fever.  My name is Orlan.
The story of my life before I met the Goddess is not a story worth telling, but I will tell it anyway.  I did not set out to befriend one of the Gods, but then I did not set out to do a great many things.  Had I the choice, I would likely have remained in the realm where I was born – a place called Eldissa – and perhaps gone on to become a farmer or a blacksmith.  Perhaps I would have married and had children.  Perhaps I would have contracted the same deadly fever that took my parents and so many others from my village.  Perhaps I would have been forcefully drafted into a peasant army and killed in my first battle.  Perhaps, perhaps anything, perhaps nothing.
When I was just a boy, my older brother Galen led me up the nearby mountain we called Blackstone to show me something.  Instead of doing our chores, we spent almost the entire day hiking up the side of the mountain.  The summit was still far above us, but from even halfway up, I could see so far into the distance that I felt as if we were at the very top of the world.
I followed my brother along a narrow ledge that led to an open space in the middle of a huge cleft in the side of the mountain.  It was there that I saw a strange shimmering mist floating above the ground.  It was like a tiny cloud of glittering smoke, a little taller than myself and less than an armspan wide.
	I asked Galen what it was, and he told me it was a magical doorway to another world.  They are called by many names – doorways, portals, rifts – and they exist on all the realms in the universe, letting brave or foolish travelers go from one realm to the next, although it is impossible to know exactly where such a portal might take you.
How Galen learned about the magical doorway, I never knew.  Afterward he made me promise not to tell anyone else about it.  I promised Galen that I would keep it a secret, and then I immediately went and told all my friends.  Looking back, I realize that the village elders must have already known about the doorway.  It was much too close to our village for them not to have known.
Once, years later, I took a frog and threw it into the doorway, just to see what would happen.  No flash of light or crackle of magic, much to my disappointment.  The frog just disappeared.  One moment it was in the air and the next it was gone.  
Little did I know that in just a few years’ time, I would follow that frog through the doorway, and that the circumstances of my departure were not so far different from the frog’s.  It was thrown through the doorway against its will by a capricious entity much larger than itself, and so was I.
When the fever struck, it took more than half of my village.  My parents died, as did my brother Galen and sister Milda, leaving me as the sole remaining member of my family.  Later, I learned that the fever had spread all the way to the cities on the coast and killed many people there as well.  While the survivors in my village tried to put their lives back together and finish the harvest before the first snow, the cities on the coast fell into political and social chaos.  
We had a King, but I don’t remember his name.  I had never been to the cities and knew little about them.  I think the King died from the fever along with thousands of his subjects, but honestly, I don’t know.  All I know is that the fever spawned a public outcry, which turned into a rebellion, which developed into a war.
Soldiers arrived in our village some weeks later, demanding provisions.  They claimed that we were under the authority of a nobleman named Karlane.  I never met this man and know nothing about him except his name.  Somehow, our little village had become part of the war.  In the following weeks, we heard news of battles to the west.  Soldiers took our harvest and demanded recruits to fill their shrinking ranks.  Some of the women in the village suffered at their hands.  Our remaining village elder, Sennius, the only one to survive the fever, was murdered in cold blood for refusing to hand over what little food we had left.
I am a coward at heart, although it was not until Sennius was murdered that this became apparent to me.  Perhaps a braver man would have taken up a sword and tried to avenge his needless death.  Instead, I packed what little I owned into a bag and prepared to escape from the only home I had ever known.  We did not have enough food to last the winter, and it seemed increasingly likely that an army might sweep through the village and kill us all at any moment.
Unfortunately, there was nowhere safe for me to escape to.  Karlane’s army occupied the lands to the west, and his opponent – some other nobleman whose name I never learned – kept his army in the lands to the south and east.  My only safe route was to the north, which was blocked by Blackstone.  Besides, I had never been more than a days’ ride from the village in any direction, and had no idea where I could even go.
But I knew about the magical doorway.  A path to another realm.  I asked some of the others to come with me, but they all refused.  They feared the unknown more than they feared Karlane’s men.  Perhaps they were the smart ones.  Who could know what strange new realm would greet me on the other side?  Stepping through a doorway is not an act for a coward, but as I have said, I am a coward.  So like a coward, I snuck away from the village in the middle of the night and made my way up Blackstone, climbing and hiking in almost complete darkness.
Darkness has never frightened me.  Looking back, I wonder if that was some kind of sign.  I found the ledge and made my way to the magical doorway just as the sun began to rise.  I stared at it for some time – I know not how long – and then closed my eyes and stepped through.
If you have never gone through a doorway, you might think there would be a flash of light or a magical tunnel or some other incredible effect on your senses.  But there was nothing.  One moment I was in Eldissa, and the next moment – I was somewhere else.

***

I found myself in total darkness once again, but this was no natural darkness.  I felt a strange prickling on my skin and a light-headedness numbing my thoughts.  I understand now that it was the powerful effect of divine magic overwhelming me, but at the time I was utterly terrified.  I knew nothing of magic.  I still know very little, if the truth be told.
The area in which I found myself was so thick with foliage that I felt as if it was suffocating me.  In a panic, I pushed through walls of leaves and vines until I stumbled into a small clearing.  Through branches of huge trees, I could make out the night sky.  The stars that greeted me were completely different than the ones I had known before.
It was in that moment that I knew that I could never go back to my village.  Magical doorways only go in one direction.  There was no doorway here to take me back to Eldissa, meaning I was stranded in this new realm forever.
But if I had any regrets, it was far late for me to do anything about them.  I felt very scared and very alone, lost in a mysterious new world with only an old hunting knife to defend myself with.  Not knowing what to do, I curled up on the ground and fell into an uneasy sleep.  I would wait until the morning and then try to find some sign of civilization, or at least find something to eat.
But morning never came.  I remained in that small clearing for hours and hours until I slept once more and lost all track of time, and yet the sun never rose.  Moons swept across the sky, but the sun never appeared and the sky remained dark as night.  Once again, I was utterly terrified.  It was not the dark that frightened me so, it was the impossible strangeness of a world without a sun.  It is unnatural and impossible.  I was surrounded by plants and trees and bushes, but how could these plants survive without a sun to nourish them?  I still do not understand that.
I wandered the forest for a time, stumbling in the darkness.  To quench my thirst, I sipped pools of water that collected in the fronds of large plants.  To sate my hunger, I ate some berries I found, not knowing if they were even edible or if they might be poisonous.  I believe I must have spent an entire day walking aimlessly, every step weighing me down with more dread and misery.  I began to feel that I must have died when I stepped through the doorway, and this horrible place of eternal night was the afterlife for doomed souls like me.  In time, my despair overcame me and I fell to my knees, crying and begging for help just to hear my own voice.
That is when the Goddess found me.  I do not know how long she stood there, observing me behind a wall of dense foliage, but I suspect that it must have been some time.  It was only when I heard the low sound of an animal’s growl that I noticed anything was there.
When I looked upon the fearsome visage of a giant wolf emerge from the trees, I felt a delusional sense of relief and happiness.  I was not afraid, but perhaps I should have been.  Instead, I wanted to cry out for joy and hug the terrifying beast that faced me.  I was so happy not to be alone anymore.  Soon after the first wolf came into view, a second wolf, even larger than the first, crept from the trees on my other side.  The wolves were twice as large as the wolves in Eldissa, and stood almost as tall as my shoulders, their gray fur tinged an unnatural red.
The Goddess spoke to me then, her voice as soft as a whisper.  I barely heard it at first and cannot accurately recall exactly what she said.  I believe she asked me what I was doing there.  When I realized that someone was speaking to me, I sobbed gratefully and once again begged for help.  I babbled incoherently that I came through a magical doorway and I was hopelessly lost in this strange place.
The Goddess whispered a word and her wolves ceased their growling.  They approached me and sniffed at my clothes, studying me with glowing red eyes.  Belatedly, I finally sensed the danger I was in, and I remained motionless as the wolves curiously pawed at me.  Either of them could have ended my life in an instant, but the Goddess held them back.
She spoke again, and this time I clearly remember her words.  “These are my pets,” she said simply, gesturing with a slim hand to the huge wolves.  “Their names are Rulir and Munir.  What is your name, human?”
I told her my name, and then she emerged from the plants that had partially obscured her.  Her large eyes, yellow and luminous, looked down on me and her lips parted to reveal a smile full of tiny, sharp teeth.  She wore a dress of shimmering purple and teal fabric.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Orlan,” she said.  “My name is Lushira.  I am the Goddess of Night and Moons.”
The village elders in Eldissa had taught me about the Pantheon when I was a child.  I knew that there were twenty powerful Gods who watched over the universe, but to be truly honest, I was mostly ignorant of religion.  We had no temples or churches, just a small shrine in the center of the village where we could pray.  Some of the other villagers prayed to Garrakos, the God of Land, or Aven, the God of the Sun.  I heard the occasional fearful whisper about Chon, the evil God of Death.
I am not sure I could have named the Goddess of Night if I had been asked.  But even though I had never seen an image of the Goddess or knew anything about her, I knew immediately who she was.  The knowledge of her identity seemed to have been implanted into my mind.  With Lushira standing there before me, there is no way I could have mistaken her for anyone else.
Eldissa is a realm of humans and dwarves, and I had never met any of the latter.  Lushira was the first person I had ever met who was not human.  I knew nothing of the race known as catfolk, and  although Lushira is not truly a member of that race, it is the one she most resembles.
She has shining black fur and a long tail that moves like a snake.  Her face is distinctly feline, with yellow eyes, large ears, and short whiskers, but she has long black hair like a human woman might have.  She is not very tall, but when you meet her it always feels like she towers over you.  She moves with a deliberate, lithe grace, like a predator waiting to spring.  Her slender hands and dainty feet end with razor-sharp claws.  Her voice is peculiar, soft and hissing, sensual and predatory.  Like the night, she is both peaceful and threatening, beautiful and terrifying.
She asked me how I had come to her divine realm, and I did my best to explain the series of events that had led me there.  She seemed amused by my story.  Her wolves, meanwhile, lay obediently at her feet and lost interest in me, which was quite a relief.
There are thousands upon thousands of realms in the universe.  The doorway could have taken me anywhere.  What are the odds that the magical doorway on Eldissa would lead to the divine realm of one of the Gods?  I was so amazed to be speaking with a Goddess that I did not even contemplate such an unbelievable quirk of fate.
“You’re not the first to come here from the realm of Eldissa,” Lushira said.  “The last was perhaps a century ago.  A human, like you.  An old woman.”
“What happened to her?” I asked.
“She died.  As you would have died had I not found you.  My home is not a place for the unwary.  There are many dangers in these forests.”
I tried not to think about what dangers she referred to.  Creatures like her two pet wolves?  Something even more terrifying that that?  Instead I asked, “What is your realm called?”
Lushira smiled and sat down cross-legged on the grass, her hands gently rubbing the heads of her pets.  “My home is Elivinerian.  As you’ve surely noticed, it’s never day here.  There’s no sun, only my beautiful moons,” she said, pointing up into the dark sky.  “Their names are Etasha, Teffon, Kusade, Senta, and Rathalis.  Right now, Kusade is above us.”
“There are two moons on Eldissa.  We call them the Sentry and the Spirit.”
“How lovely.  Did you ever pray to the moons, Orlan?”
I wanted to lie to her and say that I had, out of fear she might be offended.  But instead I chose to give her an honest answer.  I had never prayed to the moon, or the sun or the sky or the ground.  Throughout most of my life, I had little interest in whispering my hopes and dreams to a group of unknowable deities who probably would not hear me anyway.  Of course, finding myself face to face with a Goddess changed my opinion somewhat.
Lushira spoke with me for some time.  She asked me more about my life and my home, and in return told me of Elivinerian and volunteered some spare details about herself.  I did not ask her why she spent her time talking to me.  I would have thought that a Goddess had more important things to do than speak with a simple peasant like me.  But in retrospect, I realized that many of the Gods have nothing better to do at all.  In fact, maybe talking to simple peasants is the most important thing they can do.
After a time, I asked her if there was somewhere I could get something to eat and drink.
“Of course,” she replied, rising to her feet.  Rulir and Munir stood up with her, but they no longer paid much attention to me.  She beckoned me to follow her and we entered the thick mass of trees.  She seemed to glide through, untouched by the leaves and branches, but her divine magic did not transfer to me, and I had to struggle and push my way through the foliage.  I could barely see where I was going, but I felt that if I strayed from her path, her wolves would surely correct me.
We emerged into a larger clearing by a glittering pond.  Free from the trees, I got my first glimpse of the moon called Kusade.  It is a silvery yellow color and its size shocked me.  It is easily twice the size of either of Eldissa’s moons.
Lushira cast a spell and created a magical doorway.  Again gesturing for me to come along, she went through the doorway and disappeared.  Rulir and Munir went after her, and I followed after them.
Looking back, I realize that Lushira could have created a doorway to send me back to Eldissa if I had asked her to.  At any time, I could have returned to my home, but for what reason?  My family was dead, my village was no longer safe, so I had nothing to go back to.  For better or worse, I had unconsciously made the decision to remain in Elivinerian as long as Lushira would have me.  
It turned out to be several years before events conspired to send me off to another realm.

***

There is a city on Elivinerian called Talmini where many of Lushira’s followers live.  There are high priests and priestesses, paladin knights, sorcerers and sorceresses, assorted monks and initiates, and the occasional traveler from another realm.  The population of Talmini is perhaps as high as ten thousand individuals, which seemed like a remarkably high number to me when I first arrived.
The population includes hundreds of different races.  Only a small number were human like me.  In the first few days, I was overwhelmed with meeting people who all looked so different from each other and spoke a multitude of strange languages.  There are arklings, who look like huge birds.  There are grod, who are squat beings with rock-like skin.  There are satyrs, who have the legs of goats.  There are ekkarongs, who have blue skin and walk upon four legs.  There are gnolls, who look like a peculiar breed of dog or wolf.  And of course, there were more common races such as elves and halflings and orks, but at the time they were all just as strange and alien as the others.
The only language I can speak is the human language, so I could not communicate with many of the people in Talmini.  I learned there is a common tongue which is used by many races, but despite my best efforts, I could not make myself fluent in it.  I learned some basic phrases but that is all.
I was assigned a small room in a dormitory located at the edge of the city.  Some of the other residents were visiting travelers like myself, but to my surprise, most of them were simply people who lived on Elivinerian but had no specific affiliation with Lushira’s temple.  They worked a variety of jobs to earn their keep:  cooking, cleaning, mending clothes, doing construction.  I found it hard to understand how anyone could live on a realm with a Goddess and not worship her, or why a Goddess would even allow such a thing, but I suppose every city needs a labor force to do necessary work.  As long as they do not make a nuisance of themselves and do their work without complaint, the Goddess is content to let them stay.
I joined the temple as an initiate, which is the very lowest rank.  On many realms, people in need will join a temple and become an initiate not out of desire to worship a God, but because it guarantees regular meals and a roof over their head.  That is basically why I joined.  I could have remained in Talmini as a farmer or a laborer, but I wanted to learn for myself if religious service would suit me.  Lushira had saved my life and she even took the time to speak to me personally, so perhaps I felt that I should repay my debt.
Lushira’s temples are beautiful, sleek buildings of smooth black and purple stone with glittering white gemstones embedded in the walls to simulate stars and constellations.  In a normal realm, Lushira’s temples are closed during the day, but on Elivinerian they suffer no such inconvenience.  The people gather at regular intervals to pray as each of the realm’s five moons wax and wane.  Like the followers of other Gods, Lushira’s chosen ones seek to better themselves to grow higher in their Goddess’s esteem, and to always honor her and the divine nature that she represents.
I did not see Lushira again for many months.  She visited Talmini on a regular basis, but I was usually busy with my duties and did not always have the chance to see her.  I scrubbed pots, I washed clothes, I fed animals, I mopped floors, I emptied bedpans, whatever was required of me.  I had no special skills to make my living, and I felt a sense of pride that in some small way, I could make myself useful to a Goddess.
In the first year of my residency, I grew to know the five moons quite well.   Etasha, the white, the smallest of the moons; Teffon, the gray, which remained in the night sky the longest; Kusade, the yellow, the most detailed and beautiful; Senta, the brown, which zoomed across the sky in little over an hour; and Rathalis, the red, largest and surely the most impressive of all.  
Each moon has its own personality, its own special charm.  They cast different shades of light, they move at different rates, and they have their own unique pattern across the sky.  Lushira’s followers often develop a favorite moon, although few openly admit it.  To Lushira, all moons are beautiful and equally-deserving of worship.
I had never given much thought to the moons of Eldissa, except as permanent fixtures in the night sky, but my education in the temple included information about moons that I never knew.  Moons dictate the tides of oceans and seas.  Moons have many of the same features as realms, such as mountains and valleys, and some moons even have oceans of their own.  The Goddess has even traveled through the vast gulf of space and walked upon the surface of her moons.  Some powerful mortal sorcerers have even done it.  I could not, and still cannot, conceive of such a thing.
Of course, Lushira is not just the Goddess of Moons.  She is also the Goddess of Night itself, a time of peace and renewal and darkness and rest.  Elivinerian is shrouded in constant, unending night because Lushira uses her divine magic to make it so.  Plants and crops still grow even though there is no sun, but the lack of a sun leads to some confusion.  Since Elivinerian does not have a day, does it truly have night?  It is hard for some people to maintain regular sleep patterns without the cycle of sun and moon to guide them.
Lushira believes that night is more than just the time when the sun is below the horizon, although that is an important aspect of it.  I have learned that on the realm of Aven, the God of the Sun, the sun is always present in the sky.  It is always day there, but the people who live on that realm must still sleep, so there is still a night, the time when they can rest and reflect and dream.  And so, on the realm of Elivinerian, it may always be dark and there are always moons in the sky, but the time when the people sleep is still “night” in this respect.  When they are awake, it is “day” outside, but there are moons in the sky so they can continue their worship of Lushira at all times.
Night, however, has its dangers, as I well know.  Some creatures thrive at night, such as vampires and lycanthropes.  Lushira does not ignore the implications of this, and neither do her followers.  In fact, she grants some degree of protection and favor to lycanthropes who join her temple, as many of them do.  I met a handful during my time in Talmini, and learned that they are not inherently evil creatures.  Even blood-drinking vampires are not always the murderers and tyrants they are rumored to be.  Lushira accepts them and does not shy away from their reliance on the night, but if they are cruel or evil in their actions, she condemns them just as anyone else would.
Lushira’s temple, like the religions of all the Gods, is a complex and multifaceted one.  I could fill pages and pages with information and details about her temple, but that is not the reason this narrative exists.
Every year or every other year, Lushira journeys from her home realm to visit the realms of her most faithful followers.  She visits five realms, or ten or twenty, and spends a few days at each before returning to Elivinerian.  She always chooses one or two of her followers on Elivinerian to accompany her on her travels.  Usually she picks one of her high priests or priestesses or some other high-ranking figure in the temple, such as a decorated paladin knight or a powerful wizard.  Other times, she picks someone far less important.
I was roused from sleep and pulled to my feet by the dormitory headmaster and some of the other initiates.  “Orlan!  You’ve been selected by the Goddess!  She chose you for her journey this year!” one of the other initiates told me, speaking the human tongue for my benefit.
I barely had time to ask what they were talking about before they threw my few belongings in a bag and thrust it into my arms.  I was rushed out of the building still half-asleep and brought to the main temple courtyard, where a thousand people stood around to bid the Goddess a safe journey.  They cheered and clapped for me, even though I suspect none of them had any idea who I was.
I had been a member of Lushira’s temple for almost four years and I still had not graduated past the rank of initiate.  As I said before, I am a simple man.  Gaining higher rank in the temple would increase my responsibilities and expectations, but as an initiate, I had no responsibility except to follow orders and carry out my daily menial duties.  I had no ambition for greater things.
The Goddess greeted me when I was ushered to her side.  Perhaps it was not a smart thing to do, but I asked her why she chose me instead of someone more deserving.  She answered me in a gentle voice, “You’re an uncomplicated man, Orlan.  You’re honest and trustworthy, and I enjoy your company.”
Then she created a doorway and stepped through.  I did not want to follow after her, but I had no choice in the matter.

***

“Shield your eyes, Orlan,” the Goddess said.  “I have miscalculated our arrival.  It is not night in this realm yet.”
My eyes were blind from traveling through the doorway, and at first I did not understand what she meant.  Somehow, I had forgotten that most realms have a bright sun in the sky during the day.  Quickly, I covered my eyes with my hands.
After living so long on a realm without a sun, I felt a surge of panic that it would burn my skin as if I was a vampire.  Nothing so dramatic happened.  Once my eyes became accustomed to the brightness, I was able to look around and see a world illuminated by a sun for the first time in years.  We were surrounded by flowering trees and the color was so bright and vivid that I was rendered speechless.
I cannot explain what it was like to see the sun once more, after living for several years on a realm of eternal night.  To look upon a blue sky and feel the warmth of the sun on my skin was like bliss, and I stared at the sun so long that it hurt my eyes.  I was overcome with emotion and was unable to speak, wiping tears from my cheeks with trembling hands.  I felt guilty and ashamed for how I felt.  I was a member of the temple of Lushira, I should not have wept in joy at the sight of the sun.  I attempted to apologize to the Goddess for what I felt was very close to heresy.
But Lushira spoke to me in the gently-mocking voice she always used.  “It’s okay, Orlan.  There’s no need to worry.  I understand how you must feel.  It’s a beautiful day.”
“But you’re the Goddess of night,” I said stupidly.
“My divine nature is the night, that is true.  But that doesn’t mean I cannot appreciate the day, or find beauty in how the sun shines.”
“I thought you would hate the day time.  It’s not your divine nature.”
“Neither is love or truth.  Those are the divine natures of my friends Ereyden and Savarine.  But I embrace love and truth just as any mortal does.  Our divine natures do not define the Gods, Orlan, they merely describe the Gods.”  Then she paused and a faint smile came to her face.  “Of course, there are exceptions.”
“Exceptions?”
“Come,” Lushira said, walking ahead of me.  “Our destination is not far.”
“Where are we?  What realm is this?” I finally asked.
“This place is called Elathor.”
It was only then, walking with the Goddess, that I realized Rulir and Munir were not there with us.  I had never seen the Goddess without her pet wolves by her side.  Somehow, their absence made her look small and unprotected, like a soldier not wearing armor.  I asked why they had not come along with us.
“Sometimes people find my pets intimidating, so for now I will leave them at home,” she said lightly.  “Do not worry, they’ll join us later on our journey.”
We walked through a forest of beautiful flowering plants for a time, and I let myself become lost in the dazzling colors that the shining sun brought to life.  There is a somber, ethereal beauty to the forests of  Elivinerian, but the eternal darkness blankets it in shades of gray and black.  I wondered what the realm of the Goddess might look like if the sun shone upon it.  As the sun neared the horizon, the sky changed from blue to orange and violet, and it was the most lovely thing I had witnessed in years.
I asked the Goddess how far we had to walk.  I had been roused from sleep to accompany her on her journey, and had not even broken my fast yet.  The Goddess magically created a loaf of bread and some butter for me to eat on the way.
As I chewed on my bread, I said, “May I ask you something?”
“Of course, you may,.”
“You said earlier that you miscalculated.  What did you mean?”
“I intended to bring us here when it was night, but as you can see, I was mistaken.”
“But how can you miscalculate something?  You’re a Goddess.  You created the doorway which brought us here.”  I felt stupid for questioning her about this.  Truth be told, I felt stupid much of the time when speaking with her.  
“My powers are great,” she said, looking back at me with a playful laugh.  “But I am not omnipotent.  Even the Gods do not know exactly what time of day it is everywhere in the universe.”
I can not imagine having even a tiny fraction of the knowledge that the Gods possess, so I accepted that perhaps the Goddess did not know everything there was to know.  After all, each realm – with the exception of  Elivinerian, I suppose – has night on one side and day on the other, so it is always night somewhere.
“This is good timing,” the Goddess said as we descended down a hill lined with large bushes.  “We will arrive just as the moon begins to rise.”
Our destination was a city like nothing I had ever seen before.  It was a city built inside trees, with rooms carved into their trunks and small houses and huts constructed in their branches, linked together with rope bridges.  The trees were not normal trees, they were gigantic towers of wood and leaves reaching high into the sky.  Standing at their base, they seemed to reach higher than mountains.  The city’s inhabitants lived like squirrels or chipmunks, darting through the branches and climbing up and down all over across bridges and ladders that crossed everywhere like spider webs.
They were a race called drow, of which I had known one or two in Elivinerian.  They are like elves but smaller, with black or dark purple skin.  It seemed like the entire population of their tree city came out to greet the Goddess as she entered.  Hundreds of them, standing with their hands folded above their heads, as the sky above us deepened from silvery blue to dark blue, the stars coming visible.
“They knew that you were coming?” I asked.
“Of course, Orlan,” the Goddess replied.  “I notified them several days ago.  It is impolite to visit someone without warning them first.”
I did not know what I was supposed to do.  As Lushira’s traveling companion, did I have specific duties I was supposed to perform?  If so, she had never told me, and so I merely walked beside the Goddess until she stopped, and then I stood a few paces behind her and tried not to draw attention to myself.  The drow barely noticed I was there, which was a blessing.
I did not understand what she said to them.  The only language I can speak is the human tongue, despite my best efforts to learn others.  Lushira spoke for a time in a soft, intimate tone of voice, like a loving mother speaking to her children.  The drow looked upon the Goddess, and I saw a range of emotions in their faces: respect, love, awe, even fear.  
I don’t know what it’s like to meet the God you worship face to face for the first time, because I did not begin worshiping Lushira until after I met her.  But I can only imagine how these people just have felt, meeting their Goddess personally for the very first time.
After Lushira finished her speech, the drow performed a ceremony in her honor.  Many of them sat on the ground in a large circle, and Lushira and I sat down as well.  In the center of the circle, over a hundred drow in shimmering robes of gold and silver danced.  I watched in amazement the intricate, complex ceremony, which I felt was part religious ritual and part performance art.  The dancers spun and twirled around in wide circles, hands raised in prayer, chanting and calling out in unison with the crowd, who chanted along with them.
As I watched their ceremonial dance, I looked up and saw that the tree cover over our heads had been carefully trimmed and pruned in a straight line that followed the path of the moon, allowing the drow to watch its progression across the sky without the trees obscuring their view.  I came to realize that this clearing was actually their temple, where they could all gather and pray to the moon.
Food and drink were brought out and there was more dancing and celebrating.  I sipped some wine and found it very potent.  The Goddess walked among the drow and spoke with them at length.  Some of the drow also spoke to me in simple phrases, which I did not understand, but I guessed their meaning easily enough.
When the dancing resumed, I was able to take part in the ceremony this time, raising my hands as the drow did and following them in their circular parade around the Goddess.  I think the wine affected me more strongly than I had thought, for I later found myself chanting along with the drow in a separate group of worshipers as the sky began to glow with the light of morning.  The celebration had gone on all night and I barely remember all that transpired.  Some of the drow embraced me in the manner of a close friend, and two of their women even kissed my cheek.
I found the Goddess seated inside a large room carved into one of the gigantic trees.  I believe she was speaking to their leaders or high priests, although they wore the same clothes as the other drow.  She saw me and directed me to sit beside her.  I was rather sleepy by this time, but I sat and listened intently to her speech even though I understood none of it.
We came back out into the clearing and once more the Goddess spoke to the drow.  By now the sun was rising over the horizon.  The Goddess led her followers in one final prayer and then they began to retreat back to their homes.
“Come, Orlan,” the Goddess said.  “A room has been prepared for you.”
“I don’t remember very much of the last few hours,” I confessed.
“Yes, I know,” she said with a smile.  “These people drink a special nectar that is mildly intoxicating to them, but it’s known to affect humans much more strongly.  Don’t worry about it.  You did nothing to embarrass yourself.”
I wanted to ask the Goddess about the ceremony and the significance of the dancing, but as soon as I lay down on the bed of leaves and feathers they offered me, I fell asleep almost immediately.
I don’t know how long I slept, but I was awakened some time later by a young drow boy who offered me a plate of fruit and a pitcher of water.  I ate quickly and came outside to see that the sun was up, so I assumed it was still the same day.  Although I could not speak their language, the drow understood what I wanted and they directed me through the forest to where Lushira was walking with a large group of children.  They playfully darted around her and she laughed as she spoke to them.
When she saw me approach, she pointed and said my name.  The children cried out my name, some of them pronouncing it badly, and then swarmed upon me, almost knocking me over.
“Did you sleep well?” the Goddess asked.
“Yes,” I managed to say as the children tugged on my shirt and spoke in a multitude of voices.
“What do you think of the realm of Elathor?”
“It’s beautiful here.  These people are full of love and kindness, and they clearly adore you.”
“Yes, they do, but I’m not the only one.  They worship three of the Gods:  Kashay, Aven, and myself.  In their culture, we are called the Cycle.”
“I don’t understand,” I said.
“They believe that day time, night time, and the forest are the three most important parts of the world, and so they worship those three Gods together.”
I had to admit that it was an interesting way to view the world, although I didn’t fully understand how someone could worship more than one God.  Did this mean that the people of Elathor were members of all three temples at the same time?  I would have asked Lushira to explain, but she had already moved on.
“Now that you are awake, we can continue our journey,” she said as we walked back.  The children accompanied us, laughing and running around, as children do.  I realized that the Goddess probably would have already departed for another realm in the morning if I had not been there.  She did not need sleep, but unfortunately, I did.  The only reason she spent the day in Elathor was to allow me to get some rest.
The drow gathered around once more to bid us farewell.  Lushira recited another long speech and then opened a magical doorway for us.  She waved goodbye to her followers and then we went through.

***

This time it was already night when we came through the doorway.  There was soft grass under our feet and a cloudless night sky above us, the moon a huge white disc with only a tiny crescent cut into the side to mark the realm’s shadow upon it.  It was the biggest moon I have ever seen, so enormous that it supplied significant illumination, even at night.  
“Amazing,” I said, staring up at it.  “What realm is this?”
“Rosanius,” the Goddess replied.  
“And the moon?”
“It’s named Altanna.  Beautiful, isn’t it?”
“I didn’t know that any moon could be so large.”
“Yes, it’s larger than many.  But its size is misleading.  It affects the tides of this realm no more strongly than Kusade effects the tides of Elivinerian.”
“How is that possible?”
The Goddess smiled as she gazed up.  I felt that she must be able to determine everything there is to know about a moon just by looking at it.  “Although Altanna is very large, it is still only as heavy as Kusade.”
“How can a moon be heavy?” I asked.
“It’s hard to explain, Orlan.  But a moon – even a realm – has weight.  It is the weight of a moon that determines its influence upon a realm.”
At once, I knew that she was discussing something I was not smart enough to fully comprehend, and so I let the subject drop rather than further confuse myself.
We were surrounded by rolling hills and scattered groups of trees.  The Goddess headed off and I followed behind, looking up at Altanna as much as possible without tripping over something.  I knew right away that the land we traveled was grazed by cows or sheep or some other animal.  I spotted shepherds’ huts along the tree line, but Lushira was not interested in them.  She clearly knew where she was going, so I continued to follow.  We must have walked for about a hour when we climbed a hillside and Lushira stopped at the top, gesturing out to the landscape beyond.  
“There is our destination,” she said.
I climbed up and looked out across the largest city that I have ever seen.  Its size took me aback and I just stared with my mouth hanging open.  Thousands, perhaps millions, of tiny lights lit up across its surface, coming from streetlamps or candles or windows, and even from this distance I thought I could hear the sounds of civilization; the clop of horsehooves on cobbles, the murmur of voices, the bang and clatter of noise.  The city seemed stretch all the way to the horizon, an unending landscape of narrow buildings and mazelike streets, with towers and spires and steeples sticking up like spikes in a warrior’s armor.
“Come,” Lushira said as she began walking again.  “We’re expected.”
By the time we came in sight of the city walls, a huge crowd had already gathered there to greet us.  I say it was a “huge” crowd because I don’t know any other word to describe its size.  If I could add up all the people I had ever met in my entire life, the crowd that came to meet us equaled ten times that number.  People stood shoulder to shoulder almost as far as I could see.
The majority of the population of the city – which was called Miragon – are of a race called druuga.  I have never seen their like elsewhere.  They are a slender and graceful people, even moreso than elves, but their appearance is quite different.  They have no hair upon their heads, but instead have horns that emerge from behind their ears and twist around to nearly meet at their forehead.  The horns are as thick as rams’ horns, and they decorate them with paint and even carve symbols into them.  The druuga also possess a reptilian tail that swishes out from underneath their robes, and their tongues are forked like those of a snake.  Their skin ranges in color from red to purple to blue, and their eyes were yellow or gold colored.  When they spoke to the Goddess, their language was full of lisping and hissing consonants and barely sounded like a language at all.
A druuga wearing a long robe of golden cloth and a heavy golden crown atop his head came forward.  He knelt down in respect and many others did as well, but the Goddess said a few quick words and shook her head firmly.  The high priest – as I assumed he was – stood at once and the others followed suit.  The Goddess does not like it when her followers kneel or prostrate themselves before her.
There was a long introductory ceremony in which dozens of worshipers were brought before the Goddess in order to receive her blessing.  One of them was very elderly and could no longer walk on his own, so they used a wheeled chair.  When the Goddess spoke to him, he sobbed and kissed her hand.  I am not a man often overcome by emotion, but the scene was so moving and heartfelt that I shed a few tears myself.
Once the last of the worshipers had their moment with the Goddess, she spoke at length to the assembled multitudes.  The high priest stood at my side and her speak with the same expression of awe that I so often had myself.
“The Goddess says that you have not yet become a priest in her service,” he said to me.
I was completely surprised that he spoke my language after all.  I told him so, and then replied that I was still an initiate in the temple and that I did not know why Lushira chose me to attend her on her journey, when there were so many others more qualified than myself.
“I think she has something in mind for you,” the priest said with a knowing smile.
I wanted to ask what he meant, but just then, Lushira raised her hands toward the city and the high priest rushed to her side.  All at once, the entire crowd began to move.  I hurried to be close to the Goddess, lest I get separated in the massive surge of bodies.  It was only then that I noticed that there were even more people lined up along the walls of the city, thousands and thousands more.
The sky suddenly burst with exploding balls of colored flame.  The crowd cheered and clapped, but I nearly cried out in fright.  Apparently, the city’s wizards sent the exploding fireballs into the sky as a form of entertainment.  
The city of Miragon seemed even bigger once we were inside the walls.  Our procession through the streets seemed to last all night.  We passed street after street, building after building, row of homes after row of homes.  I could not imagine how so many people could possibly live in such a city.  How did they find their way around?  How did they ever know all of their neighbors?  How did the government organize and provide services to so many?  
The answer to those questions, I soon learned, was that they didn’t.  The residents did not find their way around the entire city or know all of the other residents, because they did not need to.  They lived and worked in a specific area within the city and rarely had reason to go farther.  The government divided its resources and gave limited authority to smaller groups, who only needed to control those small areas.  I began to think of the massive city of Miragon as a collected alliance of many small cities all directly attached to each other.  But the small cities that combined to form the whole were still larger than any city on Elivinerian.
It was dawn by the time we arrived at our destination.  It was a castle so large that I assumed a race of giants must live there.  The main structure was eight rooms tall and the towers were even taller than that.  Again, the immensity of the city struck me.  How did these people construct a castle so incredibly huge?  How did they bring the enough stone here to build it?  How did they feed so many people?  How could a city like this function without falling into chaos and confusion?
Over the next few days, I learned some of the answers to my questions.  The Goddess was given her own living space inside the castle for the duration of our stay.  The people of Rosanius were determined to honor her as much as possible.  Lushira accepted their hospitality more easily than I did.  She told me that our hosts assumed that a Goddess would live a life of unparalleled luxury, and so they did their best to make their relatively humble world live up to her expectations.  However, she forbade anyone from groveling or bowing before her.  Her followers were to simply address her as “Goddess” and treat her with no more respect than they would their own grandmother.  She learned the names of each servant and spoke with them just as she spoke with the High Priest.
On Elivinerian, the Goddess does not live in a lavish temple or have servants waiting on her hand and foot, although I suppose some of the other Gods might live that way.  Her only constant companions are Rulir and Munir, and she generally travels around and stays wherever she likes.  She spends her time inside a temple as often as she spends it out in the forest.
The people of Miragon treated me almost as reverently as they treated Lushira, even though I tried to dissuade them of the notion that I was anyone special.  I had three whole rooms for myself, with a huge feather bed and even my own bathtub.  Servants attended to my meals and anything else I required.  In my entire life I had never seen such luxury, and it made me distinctly uncomfortable.  Whenever possible, I tried to do things myself rather than have a servant do it for me.
The high priest was named Osmuric and he came to speak to me several times.  His official title was not priest, but “Speaker of the Moon.”  All of the temples in Miragon used a similar term to describe their religious leaders.  The high priest of the temple of Aven was the “Speaker of the Sun,” the high priest of the temple of Forsana was “Speaker of the Sea” and so on for the rest.  It turned out that despite the enormous size of the crowd at our arrival, only a portion of the city’s residents actually worshiped Lushira.
“Your moon Altanna is glorious to behold,” I said to him.  “It seems to me that everyone living in this realm would look upon such a wondrous sight and immediately pray to Lushira.”
“Altanna is very special indeed,” Osmuric said, “but you forget that most people have not traveled to other realms or seen other moons.  To the majority of the population, Altanna is simply the moon.  They do not realize how blessed we are to have it.”
He was right that I had forgotten.  It made me wonder what it would be like to live on Rosanius and travel to another realm, only to see it had a comparatively tiny moon such as the ones on Eldissa.  How would they react to something like that?
“How did you learn to speak the human tongue?” I asked him during one of our other meetings.  “Are there humans on this realm?”
“Some, but they live across the sea.  I better myself by learning as many languages as I can, including elven, human, and even the language of the goblins, who dwell in the northern forests.”
“The only language I know is human,” I confessed.
“You cannot speak the common tongue?”
“I have heard it spoken, but I am not very good at learning new words.”
“Well, there’s no shame in that,” Osmuric said.  “We all have our individual talents.  Yours, I suspect, is unfailing honesty and modesty.  Attending the Goddess is a rare honor, you know.”
“Yes, I know.  I asked her why she chose me, and she said that she enjoys my company.”
That made Osmuric laugh.  “Lushira is very wise.  I would accept her judgment in this matter.”
During our conversations, Osmuric explained to me some of the history of Miragon.  The city was over ten thousand years old, a fact which amazed me.  Over many centuries, the population grew and the city expanded until it reached its present size.  The government functioned well enough, but Osmuric admitted with some disappointment that there were limitations to governing such a city.  Some neighborhoods suffered from hunger and rampant crime, and disposing of waste and sewage was a serious problem as well.  But the druuga race, he said with some pride, are natural magic-users, and they worked together to find magical solutions where practical ones did not exist.
Every night as the moon rose, Lushira ventured from the castle to communicate with her followers all across the city, accompanied by myself, Osmuric, and the other high-ranking members of the temple.  There were no less than thirty major temples to Lushira within the city, and she visited each of them every night of our stay, speaking with her worshipers, hearing their prayers, and giving her blessing to those that she deemed worthy of it
To watch the Goddess kneel down to speak directly to a young child is a lovely thing.  I have always known the Goddess to be gentle and kind, but I feel a special joy in knowing that she is so loving and friendly with her people.  Some Gods are not that way.  Most of them are not.
However, I must also point out that she is not unlimited with her generosity and kindness.  She did not bless every person who came to speak with her.  Some of her followers she admonished for their flaws.  The Goddess loves all her followers, but she does not ignore their faults.
The Goddess and I remained in Miragon for nine days and nights.  In that time, I believe I came to be friends with Osmuric, and I bid him a fond farewell when the Goddess informed me of her intention to leave on the tenth morning.
“I’m glad to have met you,” I said.  “And I appreciate you spending the time to speak with me.  I’ll never forget my visit to your realm, I assure you.”
“It was our honor to have the Goddess herself bless us with her presence.  It is the very high point of my life.  We’ll write of this event and our descendants will read about it for ages to come.  And maybe, if we’re lucky and deserving, the Goddess will come here again in the far future.”
“I’m afraid that I might not be around to come with her next time.”
“And I won’t be here to meet her.  But that’s the nature of our mortal lives, Orlan.  We are but a small span of time against the incomprehensible eternity of their lives.  All we can hope to do is make our mark, however tiny and brief, on their immortal lives, so that they may look back remember our service.”
I wish we could have stayed to visit more of the realm of Rosanius, but I did not suggest it to the Goddess.  If the other races of this realm did not worship her as the druugas did, then she had no reason to meet with them.
And so, she created a doorway for us to continue our journey.  The wizards of Miragon sent more exploding fireballs into the sky to commemorate our visit, and with the mighty crowd cheering us, we went through the doorway.

***

After spending time in an impressive and advanced city like Miragon, I was somewhat disappointed when I saw where the doorway brought us.  The landscape all around was harsh and desolate, with barely a single plant emerging from the ground.  There was a bright burning sun in the center of the sky, beating down on us.  It was oppressively hot and dry, and I could see waves of heat coming off the rocky ground.
“This realm is called Tharmian,” the Goddess said, unbothered by our surroundings.
“Do people live here in this desert?”
“It’s a challenge to dwell in a place like this.  But yes, people live here.”
With that, the Goddess walked off in a direction that seemed to me to be completely random.  But the Goddess always knew where she was going.  The rough dirt and sharp rocks made walking difficult, but the Goddess did not seem to notice, even though she wore no shoes.  I wondered if she used magic to aid her footsteps.  She also didn’t react to the punishing heat, which within a few minutes had already covered me in a layer of sweat.  I doffed my cloak and carried it in my arms.
We walked through a rocky depression that might have been a riverbed in the distant past.  It eventually deepened into a steep valley with narrow ledges of rock above us.  I saw small reptiles flee from us and the occasional bird flying overhead, proving that this realm contained at least some life.
“Are you thirsty, Orlan?” Lushira asked.
“Yes, very much so,” I said.
She procured a cup of water out of the air and handed it to me.  “Our hosts are just up ahead.  They await our arrival.  But before we meet them, you should be aware that they are less hospitable than the other people we have encountered.  You know the race of orks, correct?”
“Yes, I have met some.”
“The people of Tharmian are orks, but they are somewhat different than the ones you met in Talmini.  They are proud and noble warriors.  Normally, they’re not very accepting of outsiders.  You are under my protection, of course, but be alert and do not stray far from me.”
I must admit that her warning made me very nervous.  Would these people actually seek to do me harm, even though I was in the company of their Goddess?  I had no idea what to expect when we entered the territory of the orks and they came out to greet us.
While clearly related to the orks I had met before, these people were a somewhat more savage breed.  They were a race of green-skinned barbarians, taller and stronger than any human I have ever known, with bestial faces, jutting teeth, and cunning eyes.  These orks were primitive in their clothing and surroundings, but they were no less impressive and awe-inspiring, wielding huge swords and battle axes like I might hold a wooden stick.
There were about a hundred of them, living in caves in the canyon walls.  Lushira stood among them in a fearless posture and spoke to them in a guttural dialect that sounded completely strange coming from her mouth.  The orks, unlike the residents of Elathor and Rosanius, did not reply in a faithful, respectful manner.  If anything, they looked upon Lushira with distrust and even aggression, which stunned me.  But heeding Lushira’s warning, I said and did nothing, standing very close to her side.
The orks came closer and surrounded us.  They gestured at me and grunted what I can only assume was disapproval at my appearance.  One of them poked me in the arm with a finger as hard as stone and growled something that made the others glare at me.  I think he would have cut me down on the spot if the Goddess had not been there.
She looked coolly at them and spoke some words that made them back away from me.  I had no idea what I was supposed to do, and I wanted to avoid at all costs antagonizing them, so I merely kept my eyes focused on the Goddess and made an effort to appear harmless, which of course I was.
One of the orks – their tribe leader, I believe – shouted to the others and they backed away to allow us to walk forward to one of the cave entrances.  It was very nice to be out of the sun, which had already burned my skin in the short time we had been there.  Inside, I saw that the cave extended a considerable distance and opened up into a huge cavern.  Far over our head, there were holes cut into the ceiling that let sunlight shine down.
There were several hundred more orks living inside the cave.  The women were almost as big and strong as the men, and even their children were probably strong enough to beat me senseless if they chose to do so.  Not a single one of them smiled when the Goddess entered the cavern.  I found it increasingly hard to believe that these people could possible worship Lushira, based on how they had treated her so far.
“You’re right,” I said quietly.  “These people are not very hospitable at all.”
The Goddess explained, “They are warriors, Orlan, and they live in a very harsh realm.  It’s a constant challenge to survive here, and only the strongest among them are worthy of respect.  They were shocked to discover that I was attended by someone like you.”
“What did you tell them?”
“I said that it was not up to them to decide who I took as my servant.”
“If I came to this realm by myself, they would kill me, wouldn’t they?”
“If you weren’t strong enough to defend yourself, then yes, they would.  But they are my followers, just as you are.  We shouldn’t judge them on their culture, which was molded in so many ways by the realm they inhabit.”
“Yes,” I said.  “I was merely thinking that if I was stranded here, I’d surely die from thirst or exposure anyway, since I don’t have the skills to survive in a place like this.  Perhaps being killed with a sword would be a mercy, compared to dying of thirst.”
“That’s very true,” Lushira said with a knowing smile.
We walked out into the center of a clearing with tough sand underfoot and rows of crude stone benches arranged in a circle around us.  I thought that perhaps the orks would perform some kind of ceremony, like the drow in Elathor had done, but I was very wrong about that.
The tribe leader, who towered over me and looked strong enough to wrestle a cave bear single-handedly, joined us in the center of the area and spoke to the Goddess.  I felt that his words were more civil than before, and Lushira responded with a nod.  The tribe leader then gestured to three orks who stood at the edge of the circle and stepped away.
“What’s going on?” I whispered.
“I must fight them,” Lushira replied.
I thought I had misheard her.  “What?”
“They are sending three of their warriors to face me in combat.”
“They’re going to fight you?” I sputtered in disbelief.  “But you’re their Goddess.”
“It’s their culture,” Lushira said, apparently unconcerned.  “The orks respect skill in personal combat, and so, as their Goddess, I must demonstrate my superiority.”
“But I don’t understand how they can wish to fight you.  Are you sure this is a good idea?”
“They are my followers, Orlan.”
“If they feel so strongly about battle, why do they not worship the God of War?”
The Goddess narrowed her eyes and gave me a rare look of disapproval, and I withered under it.  “Do not confuse battle prowess with violence and war, Orlan.  The Black Dragon is the God of Hatred and Conflict, not the God of Battle.  My people have no meaningless desire to kill and hate others.  They respect physical combat as a sign of health and survival.”
“I’m sorry, Goddess,” I said meekly.  “Please forgive me.”
“You still have much to learn, Orlan,” the Goddess said, touching my head as a sign to show that she was not angry.  “Now step aside.  This demonstration will be quite energetic and I do not want you to be hurt by accident.”
I retreated into the crowd, aware that I was defenseless without Lushira’s protection, but the orks ignored me, focused on the combat demonstration in front of them.  I peered through the muscular bodies of the orks to see the middle of the area, where Lushira took a long wooden pole from the rack of available weapons and twirled it in her hands like an acrobat.  Her long tail swished back and forth as if to an unheard rhythm.  The orks were half again as tall as she was, and outweighed her by three times at least. 
At times, it can be easy to forget that Lushira is a Goddess.  I don’t mean that anyone can forget her divine powers, of course.  But her personality is so gentle and peaceful, and her physical form so slender and frail, that is easy to underestimate her.  She’s not an imposing figure by any means.  The presence of her pet wolves adds to this misconception.  Munir and Rulir make her seem weak compared to them, as if she needs them for her own protection, which of course she does not.  The Goddess doesn’t look able to lift a broadsword, much less use it effectively, but the truth is that like any of the Gods, Lushira is a warrior of almost unmatched skill, with thousands of years of experience.
She strode into the center of the circular space and said a single word.  Almost immediately, the ork warriors came forward, wielding wooden clubs.  None of them had edged weapons, perhaps out of respect, but soon it became clear to me that they could have sent fifty orks with battle axes and it would not have made any difference.
Lushira moved like the wind, striking the orks so fast that they barely had time to defend themselves.  She danced around them, dodging their swift blows effortlessly and then knocking their weapons out of their hands, as if she was fighting a group of clumsy children rather than trained warriors.  When it was over, in just a few seconds, the three warriors were on the ground, gripping their wounded hands and rolling in pain, while Lushira was unscathed.
The orks broke out in raucous, deafening cheers, their combined voices echoing throughout the huge cavern, making it seem like there were ten times as many of them.  The warriors, bruised and beaten but not seriously injured, left the circle to nurse their wounds.  The tribe leader made another announcement and introduced another ork, who was even bigger and stronger than the first three.
He was more careful than the others, having witnessed their quick defeat.  He circled Lushira and when she engaged him in combat, he was able to deflect some of her strikes, which were so fast I could barely follow them.  They traded blows for a moment and then backed away.  The crowd was utterly silent, watching the demonstration with a feral intensity.
If Lushira was somehow defeated, what would happen?  The thought terrified me.  But the Goddess could not possibly be defeated, I said to myself.  Even as those thoughts entered my mind, Lushira and the ork warrior clashed once more and the cavern was full of the sounds of their weapons colliding.  In the frenzy of their battle, the ork struck a glancing strike across Lushira’s shoulder.  I gasped in shock, but almost as soon as the ork landed his blow, the Goddess slammed her wooden staff across his face and then leaped forward to kick him directly in the chest.  He flew backward and crashed to the ground.
Once more, the crowd of orks broke out in cheers.  I breathed a sigh of relief and slumped down, feeling faint.  The orks congratulated Lushira on her victory and they all seemed to be talking at once.  The defeated warrior was surrounded by his fellows and helped to his feet.
Lushira motioned for me and I hurried over to her.  “Goddess, are you injured?”
She smiled at me.  “I’m fine, Orlan, thank you.  The orks are satisfied with my demonstration.”
“That’s good.  I don’t have to fight anyone, do I?”
“No, that will be unnecessary.”
“What do we do now?”
“I’ll speak with them and hear their prayers.  The, we’ll wait for night to fall.  My people will prepare a feast for us.  For now, stay by my side.  It’s possible that one of these warriors may attempt to draw you into a fight in order to prove themselves more worthy to be my servant.”
The tribe leader directed Lushira away from the combat area and led us to a section of the cave separated into private spaces by ragged leather curtains.
As we walked, I said, “I have a question, Goddess.”
“Yes, Orlan?”
“When the warrior struck you, it was because you allowed him to strike you, isn’t it?”
“You are very observant,” Lushira replied.  “The warrior’s name is Gruvok, and he’s a very devout follower.  I allowed him to strike me.  It will increase his reputation within the community.  Someday, he will probably become the tribe leader.”
“Okay,” I said, feeling better about their fight.  “I knew that you must have let it happen.  If you had been truly fighting against him, you would have used your magic to defend yourself.”
“That would be very unfair,” Lushira said.  “But if I was fighting him for real and he was stronger than me, then yes, I would use my magical powers.”
“Is it possible for a mortal to be stronger than a God?”
“No.  There is not a mortal alive in the universe who could defeat me in single combat.  It is not a boast to say this, it is simply the truth.”
“What about the other Gods?”
Lushira gave a strange laugh.  “Are there other Gods who could defeat me?  Yes, there are quite a few of them.  I’m not the strongest warrior among the Gods.  Surely you knew that already, Orlan.”
“Well, yes,” I admitted.  “I guess I’m still amazed that I got to see you fighting.  It’s made me curious.  I never thought I would see something like that.”
“Be glad for that,” Lushira said cryptically.  “It is not a good thing to see the Gods fighting.”
When I first became an initiate in the temple of Lushira, I spent some time studying as part of my early education.  One of the things I learned was that the Gods have gone to war with each other before.  It was a very long time ago, but it happened.
I desired to ask some more questions, but Lushira pushed aside one of the leather curtains and greeted the elderly ork man who was sitting inside.  For the next several hours, she went around the cave and spoke with dozens of orks.  I came to the opinion that they were a stoic and unemotional people, unaccustomed to sentimentality or frivolousness, as direct with their words as they were with their actions.  As the Goddess had said, they were molded by their harsh and unforgiving realm.
When evening finally came, we left the cave.  The orks prepared a fire and cooked several large lizard creatures for our feast.  The moon above Tharmian, which the orks called Thakroshka, was a pearly white color and cast the desert in peaceful moonlight.  As we ate, Lushira continued to speak with many of the orks.  Mothers with their young children, the elderly and weak, and the warriors alike all spoke to her.  Later on, many of the orks lined up around the fire and chanted to the sky, but I suspected that it was a daily prayer service and not something done for a special occasion.
“Do you understand now why these people worship me?” the Goddess asked.  “This realm is scorched by the sun during the day.  But at night, it is cool outside.  This is the time when their hunters will stalk prey to provide food for the village.  They collect dew as a source of water.  My followers are grateful for the night because it is a reprieve from the burning sun.  To them, the night is a blessing and the only time when they can thrive in this harsh place.  And so, they pray to me to give them strength to face the next day.”
“I understand,” I said.
We stayed out all night and at some point I fell asleep, curled up beside the fire with my cloak draped over me.  When I woke up, the sun was rising and the orks were slowly making their way back into the caves for the day.
One of the orks came over to me and held out his huge hand.  I recognized him from the day before as the warrior Gruvok.  Somewhat hesitantly, I took his hand and he pulled me to my feet.  He looked me over and grunted some words that I could not understand.
“He says you are not a warrior, but you and he are faithful to the same Goddess, and for that he will consider you a brother in arms.”
I saw that Lushira was behind me.  I said, “Tell him that I’m honored.”
Lushira spoke to Gruvok in the ork language and he nodded gruffly and then departed.  The last of the orks were leaving as well, until there were only a few of them left outside.  They bade farewell to Lushira and then returned to the shade of their homes.
“Come,” Lushira said.  “It is time for us to go.”
“Most of them did not even say goodbye to you.”
“They have a saying in their culture,” Lushira said.  “‘When it is time for someone to go, they will go.’  They do not believe in long goodbyes.”
“They were very interesting to meet,” I said as we walked away from the canyon.  “Even if they did frighten me sometimes.  Do you have other followers like them on other realms, or are they unique in their beliefs?”
“My followers come from a great many different cultures,” Lushira said.  “As you will soon see for yourself.”  With that, she created a new doorway for us and we went through.

***

The realm that we came to next was a realm like many others.  We stood in the middle of a grassy meadow with groups of trees all around.  However, in the distance, I could see a mountain range that made the mountain of Blackstone on Eldissa seem like nothing but a tiny mound of dirt.
“This realm is called Gralna,” the Goddess said.  “Those mountains are our destination.  But we will not walk all that way.”
She created another doorway, which brought us directly to the mountains.  When we first came to Elathor, the Goddess said that she had miscalculated.  It occurred to me that when she creates a doorway to another realm, she can get close to her actual destination but not always at the exact place she desires.  I don’t understand the complexities of traveling between realms, but I am still amazed that she can just wave her arm and create a portal to take her anywhere across the universe.
It was a comfortable temperature in the meadow, but up on the mountain it was much colder than I expected.  I immediately began to shiver.  When I looked back, I nearly lost my balance when I saw the incredible expanse of land beneath us.  The view from Blackstone had been impressive, but nothing like what I saw from this great height.
Lushira magically created a heavy coat for me to wear and led me along the mountain ridge until we reached a huge doorway that must have been three rooms high.  It was blocked with massive stone doors covered in symbols and runes.
“Do giants live in this place?” I asked as we walked up to the doors.
The Goddess said, “The mortals who live here are called murelgars.  They’re related to dwarves.  They’re an honorable race, but rather humorless.  They prefer to live inside mountains, where they build great cities carved from the stone and mine for metal and precious gems.”
I cannot even imagine how much those huge doors must have weighed, but when we reached them, Lushira pushed one of them open as if it was nothing but a simple wooden door.
Inside was a huge corridor leading deep into the stone of the mountainside.  I thought that it must have taken centuries for these people to tunnel so far into solid rock.  The sides of the corridor were smooth and flawless, without even a single chisel mark.  When we reached the bottom of the hall, we met with the residents of this strange place.
They were short and stubby people with thick beards, and they had light blue skin and glowing purple eyes.  There were dwarves on my home realm of Eldissa, but I had never met any of them.  However, I knew stories about their manners and appearance, and it seemed to me that these blue-skinned murelgars were a similar folk.  Harsh, unfriendly, and strict in their ways, but hard-working and industrious.
When the Goddess came among them, they gazed upon her in a state of religious rapture and would have certainly fallen to their knees if the Goddess had not forbade them from doing so.  The few of them who looked upon me wrinkled their faces in disgust, and I tried as much as possible to remain invisible in the background.  I could not understand their language, of course, but the Goddess spoke to them and they seemed overjoyed by her words.
The murelgars worshiped Lushira faithfully, but they did so in a way that seemed very strange to me.  In their city under the ground, there was a huge gray sphere suspended in the middle of a cavernous room, and when they attended their religious services, they sat around it and prayed to its rough and pocked surface.  The sphere was a representation, as accurate as possible, of the moon that hung in their night sky.
Later, the Goddess explained to me that the murelgars worshiped her as the physical manifestation of the moon itself, which they called Yalnee.  In effect, the murelgars did not pray to Lushira at all, they prayed to their moon.  To them, Lushira was not a Goddess, but merely an avatar of sorts.
“Why would you come here to honor them if they don’t truly believe you’re a Goddess?” I asked in disbelief.  “It seems to me that these people cling to a false religion.”
“They worship the moon,” Lushira said patiently.  “And I am the Goddess of Moons.  It’s my wish that mortals embrace my divine nature.  That’s what’s important.”
I’m not a very smart man, as I have said.  But I was beginning to realize how all the different races of the universe must follow the Gods in many varied ways.  I remembered how the drow people in Elathor worshiped Lushira together with Kashay and Aven.  The orks of Tharmian and the druugas of Rosanius had their own particular method of worship as well.
“Faith is not a specific thing,” the Goddess said to me.  “If you ask a hundred mortals why they worship the Gods, you will get a hundred different answers.”
It still seemed very strange.  “But you can communicate with all the mortals who pray to you.  Can’t you instruct them to make sure they have the same faith?  To make it easier for your worshipers in different realms to relate to each other?”
“My followers number in the billions,” Lushira said.  “Should I speak to each of them individually, Orlan?  That would take a very long time.”
I felt stupid again, but Lushira just smiled at my embarrassment.  She said, “You must remember that I am the the Goddess of Night, but I am also a worshiper, just as you are and all these other people are.  We share the same faith.  It’s truly not up to me to decide for others how they pray or how they express their love for the night and the moon.”
“Do all the Gods feel as you do?”
“Some do.  Some do not.  We all have our own feelings and motivations.”
“Can you give me an example?” I asked, trying to understand better.  I did not expect Lushira to do so, because she so rarely spoke of the other Gods.
But surprisingly, she answered.  “There’s no one closer to their divine nature than the Goddess of Oceans, the mighty Forsana.  No one worships the ocean more than she does.  I cannot speak for her, but I believe that Forsana does not truly consider herself to be a God at all.  Her most devout followers do not pray to her by name.  They pray to the ocean itself, and she is the one who answers their prayers on the ocean’s behalf.”
“Like the murelgars here in Gralna pray to the moon.”
“Yes, just so.”
“And other Gods feel differently?” I asked.
Lushira nodded and said, “Aven, the God of Day, demands personal loyalty and obedience from his followers.  When they pray, they must pray to him and honor him.  To do otherwise is heresy.  If you cast a prayer to the sun or show your faith in some other way, Aven will most likely ignore you.  Aven probably does not communicate with the people of Elathor because they worship other Gods as well.”
“I never thought about the Gods very much before I came to your realm,” I admitted.  “But I always assumed that the Gods behave like Gods.  Ever since I’ve known you, I think the Gods must be as different as mortal people are.”
“We were mortals once, remember” Lushira replied.  “Some behaviors do not change, even after a hundred millennia.”
We stayed in Gralna for three days, traveling to several different murelgar cities within the mountain range.  At night, Lushira would lead them through the huge doors to the surface and they would lie flat on their backs to stare straight up at the moon overhead, even if the moon was not visible.  But they did not chant or dance, like Lushira’s followers in some of the other places we had visited.  The murelgars spoke softly to themselves, saying their prayers each night and then returning to the city before the sun came up.
While the murelgars respected and honored Lushira, they viewed me as an interloper and barely accepted my presence.  None of the murelgars made an effort at all to speak to me, and for the most part, I stayed with Lushira and did not try to befriend them.  I was glad when Lushira told me that we would be leaving soon.
After the murelgars completed their nightly prayers on the last night of our visit, they returned to their underground home while the Goddess and I remained outside.
“Do the murelgars ever go outside during the day?” I asked.
Lushira shook her head.  When she did this, her tail moved from side to side as well.  “No, they only come outside to gaze upon the moon.  The bright light of the sun hurts their eyes.”
“I wonder how they came to worship you.  I mean, it seems strange that a race who lives under the ground would worship the moon.  I’d expect them to worship the God of Mountains.”
“Their people did worship Garrakos, once upon a time.  But they have a unique perspective on their faith, as you’ve seen.  When they began to pray to the mountains and the ground itself, instead of naming Garrakos as their God, he turned away from them.  And so, they sought out a new deity who would bless them and listen to their prayers.  When they prayed to the moon, I heard them and accepted them as my followers.”
She smiled at me as if sharing a provocative secret.  “I am always willing to accept new followers, especially those who are ignored by the rest of the Pantheon.”
With that, she waved her hand in a way that was becoming familiar to me, and a new magical doorway appeared in front of us.  She glanced up at Yalnee once more and then we stepped through.

***

As soon as we arrived in the new realm, I gasped at the rush of unexpected heat and fumbled at the buttons on my heavy coat.  It was unbearably hot, but this was not the dry heat of a desert like Tharmian, it was a humid and sticky warmth like a swamp in summer.  I discarded the coat and removed my cloak as well.  The air was so humid that every breath felt like I was inhaling steam.
We were standing in the middle of a densely-wooded area.  The ground under our feet was spongy with moss and soft grass, and we were surrounded by huge ferns and towering trees with long vines hanging from the branches.  It was either twilight or early morning, I couldn’t tell.  From our vantage point, I could not see a moon in the sky yet.
“This realm is called Mialis,” Lushira said.
I swatted at a buzzing insect.  The air was full of them.  Noticing my reaction, Lushira cast a simple spell upon me to keep the insects away, which I was very grateful for.
“Who lives in a jungle like this?” I asked.
“One moment, Orlan,” the Goddess said, “I must concentrate.”
She stood still for a few moments and then moved her hand.  I assumed she was casting a spell, but before I could ask what she was doing, her pets Rulir and Munir suddenly appeared out of the air, not more than twenty paces away from us.  They eagerly plodded over to her.  She embraced them and they affectionately rubbed their muzzles.  Munir even leaned in my direction and allowed me to rub his head, which was surprising since her pets normally ignored me.
“I have missed you both so much,” the Goddess said.
I said, “I guess that this means the people of this realm won’t be frightened of them?”
“Not at all,” the Goddess said.  “My pets will be right at home here.”
Once the happy reunion was over, Lushira led us off into the trees.  I was reminded of my original arrival in Elivinerian, when I blundered ignorantly through the thick forests of that realm.  The vegetation here was even more dense, but at least this time I was not lost and terrified.  
I heard the sound of a rushing river before we reached it.  Lushira led us to a place where a huge tree had fallen across the water, creating a bridge for us to use.  While she and her wolves walked across easily, I had to crawl on my hands and knees to avoid slipping off and falling into the river.  When I reached the other side, I saw Lushira standing in the middle of an open space as dark figures moved in the trees around her.
At first, I thought it might be another community like on the realm of Elathor.  But as the figures emerged into the dim light, I was shocked to see that they resembled the Goddess herself.  They were humanoid cats – the race commonly known as catfolk.  There were about twenty of them, emerging from the trees and underbrush like silent shadows, some walking on all fours, their long tails twitching excitedly.  While the Goddess has solid black fur, I could see that some of these catfolk had different color patterns.  Some were black or a very dark brown, and some had orange-tinted fur with white or black splotches.
They swarmed around the Goddess and her pets like curious animals, sniffing and pawing at them.  Lushira merely stood in the middle, arms outspread, touching and petting the catfolk when they got close.  Rulir and Munir sat patiently and let the catfolk inspect them.
When they noticed me, some of them slinked over.  I only noticed then that the catfolk wore no clothing at all, not even belts or bracelets or other jewelry.  As some of them came up to me and sniffed inquisitively, I realized with shock that these people were truly primitive.  I held out my hand and one of the catfolk licked my palm.  Another one rubbed his head against my hip and purred.
I didn’t know what to say.  “Goddess,” I asked.  “Can these people … can they speak?”
“They have a language,” Lushira said.  “But they do not have a society that you would recognize as such.  Come, they will take us to their home.”
By the time we reached the catfolks’ village, it was completely dark outside.  Stars glittered in the sky, but there was no moon.  To keep me from stumbling around blindly in the dark, the Goddess cast another spell upon me to allow me to see my surroundings.  The catfolk lived in a small community of crude huts made of branches and intertwined leaves tied together with vines.  Some of them lived in the trees.  It was not really a village, it was more like a simple shared dwelling space.  The central area had been trodden upon so much that it was bare dirt instead of grass, and the dirt was stained red.  I looked up and saw many more catfolk perched in the trees.  The entire population of the community numbered maybe two hundred.
“Their village has no name,” the Goddess said.  “It is merely called Home.”
She directed me to sit down on the ground, which she did as well.  The catfolk sat around us and one of them came to the center of the space.  His name, I later learned, was Ekka.  He spoke a language that was part growls, part meows, and part hisses.  Lushira responded in kind.  All the while the catfolk fidgeted and moved around, apparently unaccustomed to sitting in one place.  Some of them nudged me and sniffed or even nibbled at my clothing.  It was too hot to wear my cloak, so I handed it over.  They pulled it away and I saw them smelling it interestedly.
The catfolk were certainly primitive, but they were not animals.  They built homes and had laws and worshiped the Goddess just like the other people we had met on the journey.  But comparing them to a civilization like the one on Rosanius was impossible.  They lived in the jungle, used no tools or manufactured items, and killed their food with their claws and teeth.  They brought their kills to the center of the village to be shared by all, which is why the ground there was permanently stained red.
I chose not to partake in the eating of raw animal flesh.  Lushira kindly created food and drink for me.  We slept during the day for the most part, since the catfolk of Mialis were solely nocturnal.  When it was time for me to sleep, I was allowed into one of their huts to sleep upon the ground.  When I awoke, I found that four or five of the catfolk had curled up against me.  Later, I found that some of the others had taken my cloak and slept upon it like a blanket.  Like me, Rulir and Munir slept amongst the catfolk, and sometimes I caught them snipping playfully at their hosts like newborn kittens.
I asked the Goddess if it pleased her to be amongst her own race.  To my surprise, she smiled and said, “Dear Orlan, I have no race anymore.  I’m a Goddess.  I’ve chosen this form, but it’s not the body I was born into.”
Stupidly, I asked her what body she was born into.
She laughed and said, “In the very beginning, I was a warok.”
I didn’t know what a warok was, but I did not ask her.  I didn’t think she would have told me if I had.  I have since found some historical references to a race known as waroks, but no description of what they might have looked like.  One thing I have learned about all of the Gods, not just Lushira, is that they will give answers about many topics, but they will talk about their past only when it suits them.  If you question them about their past, they will almost always ignore you.  I believe that this is not meant to be rude or condescending on their part.
It is easy for me to speak of my youth, because it was mere decades ago.  But the Gods were young at a time so distant that it is hard for mortals like me to even comprehend.  Thirty-thousand years?  Fifty-thousand years?  The Gods do not wish to talk about that time because it was so long ago that it no longer has any meaning for them.  It should not have any meaning for us mortals either.
However, Lushira clearly did enjoy spending time with the catfolk.  They were a simple, friendly, and caring people.  I had the chance to talk with Ekka, although Lushira had to serve as our translator.  He told me that the catfolk – or as he called his race, the kurosha – shared their realm with races of gnomes, wood elves, and even reptilefolk, but they were generally at peace with them.  They hunted animals only and would not attack intelligent races except in self defense.  They lived in tune with nature and prayed to the night sky.  Ekka told me that there was only one God in their world, the night sky.  Lushira, he explained, was the first of their race, who had joined with the night sky and become their Goddess.
I knew this was not true, but I did not contradict him.  By now, I understood how much the worship of Lushira varied from realm to realm.
One fascinating aspect of Mialis was that it had no moons at all.  Lushira informed me that there were actually quite a few realms without moons, although they were a minority.  Every night, the sky simply went black, the only light coming from tiny stars.  Elivinerian has five moons of different colors and sizes, but Lushira told me that some realms have even more.  It fascinated me to think about it, knowing now that each realm could have one or two or twenty or none at all.  I wonder what realm has the most moons?
Despite my interest in the catfolks’ unique, primitive society, I must admit that I was eager to move on.  The constant heat was almost unbearable, and I can only imagine what I smelled like after several days of sleeping with the catfolk and not being able to bathe.  We stayed in Mialis for four days, roaming the surrounding jungle, speaking with Ekka and the others.  There was not very much to do, but I think the Goddess simply wanted to stay because she liked it there.  It probably reminded her of  Elivinerian.
But finally, it was time to continue our journey.  I left my cloak behind for the catfolk to keep as a reminder of Lushira’s visit.  We departed their village and when we were out of sight, she created a doorway to another realm and we went through it.

***

The doorway led to a rather bleak landscape of harsh bushes and rocky soil.  It was night and it was chilly outside.  The sky was dark and cloudless, its only feature a small gray moon hovering above us.  Lushira smiled and looked up at it.  There was no one around us at all.
“I’m fond of this realm,” she said.  “I’ve visited here several times over the centuries.”
I had no cloak anymore, so I tucked my hands into the pockets of my trousers to keep them warm.  “I don’t see anyone here to meet us,” I said, pointing out the obvious because I had nothing else to say.
“Be patient, dear Orlan.  Our hosts will be here shortly.  Actually, we’ll meet with several different communities before we leave.  I’m widely worshiped here.  A peculiar feature of this realm is that day and night are not of equal lengths.  Night is far longer than day.”
I could see why she would be revered on such a realm.  “Did you use your magic to make that happen, like on your divine realm?”
“No, it’s a natural occurrence here.”
“What’s this realm called?”
“It’s a place called Torensus.”  She gestured subtly at the barren expanse in front of us.  “Ah, here come our hosts now.”
It was then that I saw figures coming towards us.  They were just dim black shapes in the distance, hard to see clearly in the gloom, but then I realized that there were hundreds of them, moving forward in a surging mob, moving very fast.  Involuntarily, I stepped back and turned to ask Lushira something, when I spotted more coming from the other direction.
Lushira’s followers approached from all around.  I could not even count how many there were, thousands or maybe tens of thousands.  They converged on us like an army and I could not help but feel an instinctive terror when they came close.  I had seen creatures like these before, but not so many.
All of them were lycanthropes.  Not just wolves, but bears and rats and other forms that I could not readily identify.  An army of savage, bestial warriors come to worship their Goddess.  Some of them stood tall and noble, their fur clean and groomed, a fierce intellect in their eyes.  Others in the back were barely more than wild animals, their posture hunched and fur dirty, some of them with blood still staining their claws and muzzles.
Lushira loved them all.  She strode forward as one of the leaders knelt down in front of her and lowered his head to the ground.  Around her, the lycanthropes bowed down in reverence.  The Goddess usually forbade her followers from bowing in this way, but for some reason she allowed it this time.
  I was surprised to hear her speak the human language to them.  “My blessed ones,” she purred, running her hand along the leader’s snout.  “Children of the moon, children of the night.  You are most special to me.”
“Goddess,” the leader murmured, in rapture at her touch.
I looked upon Lushira and saw a feral gleam in her eye.  She bared her teeth as she spoke, revealing sharp white points.  In the realm of Mialis, I had thought that the race of catfolk were her brethren.  But now, I realized for the first time that lycanthropes were her true family.  She seemed one with them, her yellow eyes glowing with passion and clawed hands sliding through the leader’s fur like a lover.  I had never seen her like this and hoped to never see it again.
“Come to me, children,” she said, gazing across the multitudes.  And so they arranged themselves in a column and walked obediently by her, so that she could touch them and whisper her blessings into their ears, speaking to each of them in turn.  She knew all of their names and all of their deeds.  Some, she spoke to kindly, giving them a smile and a few words of encouragement.  Sometimes she switched to the common tongue.  Others she frowned upon and gave a word of rebuke, but gently so that they knew their Goddess was not cross with them.  The procession lasted hours.  I spent most of the time sitting a distance away, trying not to notice the vicious glares that some of Lushira’s chosen directed at me.
“You are like the night, swift and silent, dark and luxurious,” Lushira told the crowd.  “But the night is dangerous.  It demands respect.  The night is beautiful, but it not a place for the foolish or the unwary.  Be like the night, my blessed ones.”
Two moons were visible in the sky now, one a sickly, dull yellow and the other a pale gray.  The werewolves began to howl at the moons, and soon the others joined in.  The wererats yipped and snarled and the werebears roared, their terrifying voice drowning out some of the others.  Rulir and Munir arched their backs and added to the chorus of howls.  The deafening cacophony nearly drove me to escape that place in terror, but I could not just leave.  These creatures, frightening to me as they might be, were servants of the same God that I served, and in fact they were much more devout in their worship then I could ever claim to be.
My loyalty to the Goddess was a personal thing, borne out of respect and admiration.  But these powerful beings were connected to the divine nature of the Goddess in a way that I could barely comprehend.  They relied on the moon for their very existence.  The moon literally changed them into something new, as if the Goddess herself had granted them this power.  It made me wonder if there were any lycanthropes in the entire universe who did not worship Lushira, and if so, why they would choose not to, when it seemed like such an obvious thing.
I was almost jealous of their relationship with the moon, and how much the Goddess favored them.  But even so, I did not want to be like them.  I may be a weak little human, but I would prefer to stay that way.
After a time, I fell asleep on the ground.  When I woke, there was a hazy orange sun shining in my eyes.  I sat up and saw that I was not alone.
“Hey lads, the Lady’s servant is awake,” a man chuckled.  He and a dozen others were seated or sprawled lazily nearby.  All of them were filthy dirty and sporting tangled beards and long hair.  They were also all nude.  Scattered on the rocks between them was the remains of a large bird.  Some of the men had blood on their mouths.
“I’m not a servant,” I said.  “I’m an initiate in Lushira’s temple.  Where is she?”
The man pointed a finger behind me.  “That way.  She’s not far.”
By the time I found Lushira, the sun was halfway across the sky.  It moved so fast that I could actually watch its journey from one horizon to another.  The Goddess smiled when she saw me.  Rulir and Munir walked on either side of her.
“Good morning,” I said.  “Or afternoon, maybe.”
“Here in Torensus, they simply say ‘Good day,’” the Goddess said.  “The sun is only in the sky for a few hours, so words like ‘afternoon’ have little meaning here.”
“Yes, I think it’s moved halfway across the sky in the short time I’ve been awake.”
“Are you hungry?”
“Not really.  When I saw what the men back there were eating, I lost my appetite.”
The Goddess gave me a good-natured laugh.  “Well, you will be able to eat breakfast shortly.  We’re going to a city here on Torensus called Sharn.  You’ll be more comfortable there.”
“Have all your followers gone?” I asked, looking around.
“Most of them, yes.  They rarely meet together in large groups.  Once I spoke with them, they departed for their own territories.”
“I never thought I would see so many lycanthropes in one place.”
“They are numerous on this realm, for obvious reasons.”
Some lycanthropes still remained, and Lushira said some final words to them before she created a doorway to take us to Sharn.  I was surprised when the doorway did not take us outside the city, but instead transported us directly into one of Lushira’s temples.  When we appeared, we were surrounded by perhaps fifty members of the temple, and they immediately bowed their heads and thanked the Goddess for blessing their temple with her divine presence.
“You may let the others know I’m here,” Lushira said.  “This is Orlan, an initiate from Elivinerian who I chose to join me on this journey.  He’s in need of new clothing, a meal, and a bath as well.”  She turned to speak to me.  “You may take your time, Orlan.  There’s no need to hurry.  You can join me when you’re ready.”
The high priest of the temple was a human named Wotlen.  “Welcome to Sharn, brother Orlan,” he said with an honest grin.  He directed me to a side hallway where a woman initiate was waiting.  “This is Larina.  She’ll take you to a private room where you can get a warm bath.  If you don’t mind me saying so, you definitely need one,” he added with a chuckle.
“Yes, I know,” I said with a shrug.  “It’s been an interesting journey.”
Later, once I had eaten and bathed and dressed in new clothes, I reunited with the Goddess outside the temple, where she was speaking with the crowd that had gathered to meet her.  It was a few thousand people, most of them human, but I saw dwarves, halflings, and many other races as well.  It was the first time on our journey that we encountered a truly mixed population, and the first time I had seen so many humans since I had left Eldissa.  I realized now why the Goddess spoke the human language to the lycanthropes.  It was because most of them were human.
The people of Sharn seemed positively giddy at the arrival of the Goddess.  I noted with some amusement how her followers on the realms we had visited all had such different reactions when they met her.  The drow of Elathor looked upon her in love and admiration, the orks of Tharmian looked down on her with suspicion, and the murelgars of Gralna were dumbstruck in religious awe.
Lushira spoke to the people of Sharn from a raised central platform as the two moons of Torensus hovered above her.  “This wonderful place is very close to my heart,” she said in a soft voice, and yet it carried over the assembled crowd so that everyone could hear.  “All of you are blessed to live in a realm such as this.  My followers on other realms would be jealous of you, for you can feel the majestic power and inspiring beauty of the night for so long.  Night blankets this realm and so I will always give you my blessing.  You are all very precious to me.”
I can only write down a small portion of what she said, and I have probably made errors in what I have already transcribed.  This was the first time that I could understand what Lushira said to her followers, because in the other realms she spoke a language that I could not understand.  It was interesting to me how fluently Lushira spoke the languages of all the different races that she met.  The Gods, I thought, must know every language in existence, in order to speak to their followers on so many different realms.  Seeing her speak the gentle, musical tongue of the drow and then switch to the harsh, grating dialect of the orks was fascinating.
We spent two days in Sharn and I enjoyed my stay.  It was comforting to be with humans again, and I spent each evening in conversation with Wotlen and some of the other priests.  Their accent was noticeable, but aside from the occasional dwarvish expression, they spoke the same language as me.  I learned from them that the majority of the urban population of Torensus was human, but the cities were spread far apart, and the wilderness that made up the majority of the landscape was populated by all sorts of races, many of them dangerous and violent.  I mentioned the army of lycanthropes we had encountered, and Wotlen said that lycanthropes were only one such danger.  There were undead creatures in the central plains, along with dragons and other monstrous beings.
After we left Sharn, Lushira took us to a region of mountainous forests.  The people who lived there were a race called ogres, and like the orks of Tharmian, they were rather primitive but they were even bigger than orks, and towered over us.  They were very powerful and intimidating but seemed as if they did not mean to threaten us.  Despite their size and strength, I had the feeling that the ogres were a naturally peaceful race.  As I have said, the Goddess dislikes it when her followers bow or grovel, but she allowed the ogres to get down on one knee in her presence, so that they did not have to literally look down upon her.  We only stayed with them for a short while, so my impression of them is limited.
Next, we traveled to the city of Lusheen, which is located on the coast of an ocean called the Sea of Ash.  It is much larger than the city of Sharn, and its population is also very mixed, but still mainly human.  There are more than a dozen large temples of Lushira, and she visited each of them and met with hundreds of her followers, much like she did in the realm of Rosanius.  But this time, since many of the followers were human, I could listen in and understand what was said.
Some of their worries and confessions were of a mundane nature.  Young children who disobeyed their parents and sought Lushira’s forgiveness.  Men who strayed from the vows of marriage and regretted their infidelity.  People who felt lonely or unwanted and joined the temple to become a part of something greater.  Lushira listened and counseled them, giving words of advice or compassion or encouragement, whatever was needed to soothe the hearts of the people who worshiped her.  In each case, I watched the bonds of their faith grow stronger, because Lushira truly cared about each and every one of them.  She knew their names, knew their weaknesses and their desires.  She treated every single worshiper as if they were the most important person in her life.
And for the first time, I was able to assist her in this.  I sat down with small groups of people in the temple and spoke of my experiences with the Goddess.  Many people were scared or nervous to meet with the Goddess herself, and so they came to me.  I did my best to counsel them and assure them that the Goddess loved them all, because I knew that it was true.  Even though I was just a simple initiate, the people of Lusheen treated me like a high priest.
I found myself very much at home in the city of Lusheen.  Truly, I felt more comfortable in Lusheen than I had felt anywhere else since leaving my home realm.  The human culture and society felt natural to me, and the long nights were a familiar reminder of Elivinerian.  I had never truly felt at home on Elivinerian, due in part to the language barrier and for other reasons as well.  Torensus seemed like a blend of what I liked most about Eldissa and Elivinerian, combined into one realm.
The fact that the sun shines for only a few hours a day actually made me more appreciative of the night.  After all, how can one love darkness if they have never seen the light?  The vast majority of the population worships Lushira, but there are other temples as well, which I appreciated because it made the residents more diverse, and it also meant that there were people who could be converted to the temple of Lushira.  On Elivinerian, there is no room for her temple to really grow, but on Torensus I saw the possibility to really make a difference and bring new followers to the temple.
“Do you like it here, Orlan?” the Goddess asked me on the fourth day of our visit.
I was surprised by the question, because she had never asked my opinion about the other realms we visited and rarely needed to ask my opinion about something.
“Yes,” I said honestly.  “I mean, I like it here in Lusheen very much.”
The Goddess nodded and walked to the window.  “This will be the last realm I visit on this journey.  I’ll be returning to Elivinerian tomorrow.”
As I’ve said before, I am not a smart man.  I suppose this is a fault of mine, but I’ve learned that being a fool can be a benefit as well.  It never occurred me to think about Lushira’s real intentions, because she’s a Goddess and I’m just a lowly initiate.  I lack the forethought to plan secret motives for my actions, and so I forget that other people are generally much more devious.  Perhaps this was why the Goddess brought me along on her journey in the first place.
And so, I merely acknowledged Lushira’s statement and then retired for the day.  Our trip had not taken very long, just a few weeks, but I was eager to return home and resume my regular duties within the temple.  I suspected that I’d be quite popular upon our return, and I looked forward to telling my friends about everything I had seen and experienced.
I awoke the following morning and went down into the main temple chamber, where I found Lushira speaking with the priests.  Rulir and Munir walked over to me and nuzzled against me in a surprisingly affectionate manner.  In my entire time with the Goddess, they had never behaved that way, and I petted them like I had seen the Goddess do.
“Orlan,” Lushira said.  “Good morning.”
The priests stepped away respectfully as I came forward.  “Good morning, Goddess.  You said that Torensus is the last stop on our journey.  Does this mean we’re returning home to Elivinerian now?”
“I’m returning home, yes,” she said.  She put her hands on my shoulders and looked at me with a gentle, loving sigh.  “But you are not coming with me, dear Orlan.  I have decided that you should stay here on Torensus.”
I was speechless.  I merely opened my mouth in reply and tried to think of something to say.  Had I displeased her somehow?  Had I not lived up to my responsibilities in the temple?  For the first time since I had met her, I felt a painful sense of hurt.
But the Goddess knew my thoughts.  She touched my cheek and said softly, “This is not a punishment, dear Orlan.  You are no longer an initiate.  I hereby announce that you are a priest within my temple and you have my blessing always.”
“But, but why?” I said, on the verge of tears.
“Because this realm is where you belong,” the Goddess said.  “You will be much happier here than you would ever be on Elivinerian.  You know this is true.  That’s why I brought you on this journey.  I wanted you to learn that my temple is more than just me.  It’s about all those who worship and all the ways in which they show their faith.  You have accepted all of this with a pure, honest heart, just as I knew that you would.”
“I don’t know if I’m worthy.”
“You are more than worthy of being my priest.  You do not seek power or riches, you are not cruel or selfish or demanding.  You are everything that is good and honest.  You merely wish to worship me and teach others to worship me as well.  You love me just as I love you.  And here on Torensus is where you can do the most good.”
The Goddess was the closest thing I had ever had to a true friend in almost my entire life, and the thought of suddenly living without her presence was nearly unbearable.  I had not realized just how much I had come to rely on her.  Even in Elivinerian, when I did not see her very often, I still knew she was there and I could see her if I wanted to.
But to live on a realm without her guidance and protection?  My heart ached and my head swirled with fear and worry.  Could I truly be a priest of the temple?  Was I wise enough to help those who needed help?  Could I serve the temple without the Goddess by my side to help me?
Once again, she knew what I was thinking.  “I don’t make this decision lightly or without good reason.  You’ll serve the people of Torensus honorably and faithfully.  I know you will, and I believe that one day you might even become a high priest if you so desire it.  I have faith in you.”
I wiped tears away from my face.  “I’ll miss you, Goddess.”
“You know that I will always be with you, dear Orlan.”
She embraced me and then stepped away.  With a wave of her arm, she created a doorway and walked over to it.  Rulir and Munir went through first, and then the Goddess turned to face me and the other people in the room.  She smiled and waved goodbye, and then returned home.  
That was the last time I saw her in person, although in the years since I have seen her and heard her voice many times in my dreams and in my prayers.  She is always with me, and I will always be with her.
Lusheen is my home now.  I’ve lived here for many years.  I don’t think that I’ll become a high priest, as the Goddess suggested.  I’m content to serve her in my own small way.
I did not set out to dedicate my life to one of the Gods, but then I did not set out to do a great many things.  Had I the choice, I would likely have remained in the realm where I was born.  Perhaps I would have married and had children.  Perhaps I would have lived a simple, uneventful life growing crops and plowing fields.  Perhaps I would have lived and died and never aspired to anything greater, never had faith in anything beyond my own small existence, never traveled to another realm and met so many different people, never become part of a community that extends across thousands of realms, never grown to love one of the Gods with all my heart.
This is not just my story, it is also the story of Lushira, and the story of all who choose to follow her, all across the universe.  This is the story of all of us.
About the Author

Mike Kenny has been writing fiction since 1996.  In 2002, he graduated from Lycoming College with degrees in Creative Writing and Philosophy.  In 2013, he self-published The Snow Wolf’s Daughter as his first novel under his own name.  He was born in Pennsylvania and currently lives in Wisconsin.
