THE VAMPIRE SWORD
Book 1 of The Vampire Sorceress
T.L. Cerepaka
Published by Annulus Publishing.
Copyright © T.L. Cerepaka 2018. All rights reserved.
Contact: timothy@tlcerepaka.com
Cover design by BZN Studio
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, send an email to the above contact.
***




I’ve been singing in church my whole life, which made sense, given I was a pastor’s kid and all that. As a result, I was pretty familiar with feeling nervous about getting up on the stage in front of other people, even if they were people I had known my whole life. It used to be really bad when I was younger, but even now, when I’m a twenty-four-year-old woman, I still got nerves every now and then.
But one thing I never dealt with growing up was a large, pale-skinned man bursting through the stained glass window above the baptistery behind me and plunging his teeth—fangs?—into my neck right in front of the whole congregation.
It all happened so fast. One moment, I was putting my microphone back on its stand while my dad, the pastor, stood up to begin a prayer. The next, I heard shattered glass and felt two large hands close around my shoulders and then two thick teeth sink into my neck. What made it even worse was that it felt like the man was drinking my blood, as if he was drawing my blood out of my neck with his teeth.
I screamed and kicked back at him, but my kicks did little to hurt him. His legs felt solid as stone and his fingers gripped my arms like iron. I cried to God to help me, but I wasn’t sure my cry for help was even intelligible over my own screams.
Through my bleary eyes, I could see the rest of the congregation running out the doors, screaming their heads off. It pained me to see everyone so afraid, but there was nothing I could do about it, because I couldn’t even save myself. I reached behind myself and pushed at the man biting into my neck, but it was useless. He was huge and solid, like my gym teacher back in seventh grade, only he was infinitely creepier than my seventh grade gym teacher ever was.
Suddenly, I heard a gunshot go off and the man let go of me. He gasped in pain—a strange hissing noise more like a snake than a human—and let go of me. I immediately stumbled forward and leaned on the altar, feeling my bloody neck, which was hot and sticky from the exposed blood. I shook and found it hard to stand even with the help of the altar. Nonetheless, I looked over my shoulder to see what had happened to my attacker, probably because I was too stupid to take advantage of this moment to just run away.
My attacker was clutching his shoulder, where he appeared to have been shot. Black blood was leaking out of his shoulder; at least, I assumed it was blood, but human blood was not black, so I had no idea what it actually was. Maybe it was my own blood loss that was making me see things.
“Tara!” a voice cried out below. “Get down!”
I looked down to see Dad standing below the stage, aiming a pistol up at me. Dad was a middle-aged guy who was usually pretty mellow, but right now, he looked like he was ready to go to war. His eyes were wide and alert, while he held the gun steady and true. I knew that Dad liked to shoot, but I was amazed at how he had managed such a clutch shot without hitting me.
“Dad?” I said, my voice dangerously weak. I winced at the pain in my neck. “Where did you—”
“I’ll answer your questions later,” said Dad. He climbed up the stage to join me and said, “Are you all right? Your neck—”
A loud hissing noise behind us made us both look toward the choir seats. My attacker was still clutching his shoulder, but now he was glaring at Dad with the most intense hate I had ever seen on another person’s face. He hissed in a very inhuman way and lunged toward us.
Dad shoved me out of the way and I fell to the floor just as the attacker stopped before him. Dad aimed his gun at the attacker, but my attacker slapped the gun out of his hand and punched Dad in the chest. Dad slammed into the altar, knocking both him and the altar off into the empty front pews below where they fell with a crash.
“Dad!” I screamed, clutching my bloody neck as I tried to sit up. “No!”
My attacker turned his attention back to me. That was when I noticed his deep red eyes. They were actually blood red, the same shade as my own blood even, and they weren’t human. They actually reminded me of the bats I once studied in biology class, except its inhuman eyes reflected an evil intelligence behind them.
I tried to crawl away, but my attacker pinned me to the floor with one heavy foot and grabbed my neck with its hand. It forced me to look into its face. I could smell death mixed with blood on its breath and I wanted to choke on the stink.
“I was given orders not to kill the daughter of the Hunter,” said my attacker in a low, raspy voice that sent shivers down my spine. “But your blood is so delicious, so pure, that I simply cannot help myself. Just a little bit more and—”
Without warning, two strong hands appeared on my attacker’s shoulders and ripped him off me. My attacker cried out in shock as he was thrown away from me and landed on the other side of the platform, where he lay with a comically stunned look on his face.
At first, I thought that the man who saved me was Dad, but when I looked up at the man who now stood over me, I realized that he wasn’t Dad at all. For one, Dad wasn’t nearly that handsome. Maybe it was the blood loss making me go crazy, but the man who saved me looked as handsome as a movie star, with the most kissable lips imaginable.
He was a tall and imposing man, broad shouldered, but not as thick or beefy as my attacker. His skin was very pale and his hair was dark, but while those features made my attacker look like a beast, they served only to enhance this guy’s handsomeness. Even the long scar across his right cheek didn’t take away from his attractive features.
But the blood red eyes that looked down on me certainly did, because they were nearly a match for the blood red eyes of my attacker. Yet there was a hint of compassion and concern in them, none of that malevolent animal intelligence that was evident in the eyes of my attacker.
“Are you okay?” said the man. His voice was rich and smooth, though a little dangerous. “Aside from your neck, that is.”
I blinked. “Uh, who are you and why are you so handsome?”
The man opened his mouth to answer, but at that moment he was tackled by my attacker. The two of them fell onto the stage, grappling and biting at each other like two cats fighting in an alley. They somehow managed to avoid rolling into me, but I moved away from them anyway as best as I could. I couldn’t get far, however, because of my neck, which was still bleeding out. I was finding it harder and harder to retain consciousness.
But then I remembered Dad and looked over into the pews of the congregation. Everyone was gone now, except for Dad, who was lying unconscious on the now-splintered altar below. Blood leaked from his forehead, but given how his chest was rising and falling, I knew he was still alive. Thank God.
But then I heard a loud snapping sound and looked back over at the two men fighting. My attacker was on top of my savior, snapping at him, but the man who had saved me was holding him back with his claws. It looked like the man who had saved me was on the losing end of the battle, and with Dad out cold, I would be at the mercy of my attacker if he managed to kill the guy who had saved me. Yet how was I supposed to help my savior when I was bleeding and injured myself?
That was when I noticed Dad’s gun lying a few feet away from me. Dad must have dropped it when my attacker punched him earlier and remembered how the gun had harmed my attacker, even though my attacker didn’t seem to be human. I wasn’t much of a sharpshooter, but Dad used to take me out to the gun range when I was younger, so I reached over, grabbed the gun, and aimed it at my attacker.
But then the two men flipped, with the handsome one on top and the monstrous one on bottom. It didn’t help that my consciousness was rapidly fading in and out, making it harder for me to aim well. I knew I would lose consciousness soon, but I needed to hang in there just a couple of minutes longer.
“Handsome guy!” I shouted. “Move!”
Luckily, the handsome guy seemed to hear me, because he rolled off my attacker and out of my range. At the same time, my attacker jumped to his feet, growling and snarling, but I took that moment to aim at his head and fire.
My attacker’s head exploded. Black blood and strange organic tissue flew everywhere as my attacker’s corpse collapsed onto the stage. At the same time, I dropped the gun to the floor and clutched my shoulder more tightly than ever. Darkness was rapidly appearing in the corners of my eyes and soon I would lose consciousness entirely.
Suddenly, the handsome man appeared over me and said, “Tara, can you hear me? Are you all right?”
I tried to speak, but then the darkness washed over me and I slipped into unconsciousness.
***




I had no idea where I was, but I was pretty sure I was having a dream. I was walking through what seemed like an endless, pitch black void. There were no distinguishing features, no landmarks or objects to tell me where I was. There wasn’t a sun, moon, stars, or anything to indicate that I was on Earth, yet somehow I walked along what felt like pretty firm ground nonetheless. It was an odd sensation, but I didn’t question it because it was a dream and dreams didn’t have to make sense.
As I walked, I heard whispers around me, voices I didn’t recognize speaking in languages I didn’t understand. But one thing I did understand was that these voices were whispering about me. I heard my name, Tara Lee, mentioned more than once, but every time I looked around to see who was speaking, I saw nothing. I even reached out a few times, but could never feel anyone or anything other than empty shadows. Yet I was sure that somewhere just beyond my range of vision were a whole group of people watching my every move, waiting to see what I would do.
I felt the same way. Although this was my dream, I was just as curious to see what I would do as anyone else was. My legs walked with purpose, independent of whatever I wanted. It was like my legs knew where they were supposed to go and I was just supposed to be along for the ride. Such a thought would have terrified me under other circumstances, but in this dream, I just noted it in an abstract, clinical way, the way a scientist would write down interesting data from an experiment he just performed.
Soon, however, I saw something else in this void. It was far ahead at first, little more than a speck on the horizon, but as I drew closer, the object became easier to see. It was a sword of some sort, standing hilt up in a pedestal. It was a pretty large sword, too, about the size of a great sword. Its blade was not silver, however, but blood red, the exact same shade as the eyes of the man who saved me. Its hilt was shaped like bat wings, but that made it look intimidating rather than cute.
I stopped in front of the sword, which was glowing softly in the darkness, a soft red glow that made my skin look like blood. Somehow, the sword looked simultaneously new and old, like it had been crafted ages ago but had been preserved from the elements forever. I felt a compulsion to touch it, but I resisted because I was afraid of what might happen if I did.
“Touch it,” said a voice in my ear. It sounded like the voice of a monster, deep and guttural with barely a trace of humanity left in it. “Grab the hilt and pull. Take what is yours and wield the Sword you are destined to wield. Destroy those who stand in your way. Use its power and become a god.”
I had no idea who was speaking in my ear, but it sounded so compelling that I began reaching out toward the sword’s hilt. But when my fingers were less than an inch away from the sword, I heard another voice in my ear—Dad’s voice—saying, “Tara, wake up!”
The other voice—the guttural growl one—hissed in my ear as the sword started to vanish before me. As the darkness closed in on me, the voice growled in my ear, “Don’t forget what you saw here, daughter of the Hunter. Remember and return, for the Sword yearns for your touch.”
All of a sudden, my eyes opened and I found myself lying in my bed in the spare room of Dad’s house. Though the light on the ceiling wasn’t very bright, it still hurt my eyes because of how abrupt the transition was. It actually hurt to look at the light, and not just in the way that staring directly at lights hurts, either. It was like being stabbed in the eyes, so I looked at the face hovering above me for some relief.
It was Dad. He had a bandage around his head, where he had been injured, but other that, he looked okay for a middle-aged man who had been punched into a solid wood altar by a bodybuilder. He smiled when he saw my eyes open.
“Tara,” said Dad, who sounded relieved. “I thought you might not wake up. You were in such terrible condition, especially with your neck, and—”
“My neck,” I said. I absently touched the spot on my neck where I had been bitten, only to feel solid flesh without even a hint of a bite. “What? How did it heal so quickly?”
“So you remember what happened?” said Dad, leaning closer to me with an urgent look on his face. “Can you tell me what happened before you fell unconscious?”
I blinked and did my best to remember. “Um … I remember someone attacking me on the platform in front of the congregation. Then you shot him, but he punched you, but then some guy I don’t know saved me, and then I shot the guy who attacked me and killed him. I think.”
Dad sighed. “Good. You remember. I was worried that you might not.”
Still rubbing my neck, I said, “I remember all right, but I don’t understand—”
All of a sudden, a powerful thirst overcame me. My mouth felt suddenly dry and all I could think about was drinking. For some reason I was thinking about drinking blood, but that was probably just because I had been bitten on the neck recently and so that was still on my mind.
“Dad, I need water,” I said, licking my lips. “I need water now.”
Dad immediately handed me a cup of water—which he apparently had just for this emergency—and I greedily drank it. At first, the ice cold water felt good on my parched mouth, but as soon as the last drop went into my stomach, the overwhelming thirst returned.
“Dad,” I said, staring up at Dad again. “The water didn’t work. I’m still thirsty. I—”
I stopped speaking when I saw the horrified expression appear on Dad’s face. He looked as if all of his worst fears had just come true, like he was living in a nightmare. I didn’t understand what he found so scary, but it scared me as much as it did him.
“Dad?” I said. “Are you okay? You look scared.”
Dad opened his mouth, but then closed it abruptly, as if trying to decide what to say. For some reason I focused on Dad’s neck and started to think about how tasty his blood would feel in my mouth. It probably wouldn’t taste all that great, but at this point, I was willing to try anything to get my fix.
But then I shook my head. What was I thinking? Drinking blood was gross. Only crazy people and vampires did that. And because I wasn’t crazy nor a vampire, I couldn’t explain why I was so tempted to drink Dad’s blood. I must still have been suffering from blood loss or something, which was making me think crazy things.
“No …” Dad said in a low voice. “This can’t be … please God, don’t let this happen to my one and only daughter …”
“Don’t let what happen to your one and only daughter?” I said in alarm. “Dad, what’s the problem?”
Dad bit his lower lip. He looked like he was holding back his tears, which surprised me, because the last time I had seen Dad cry was at Mom’s funeral ten years ago. Why would he be crying now? I wasn’t dead or dying, after all. Sure, I’d suffered a pretty big wound, but even that had somehow healed up miraculously, and given how it happened in a church, maybe it was a miracle after all. Was Dad just so overcome with emotion that he was letting it get the best of him? Perhaps it was just the stress of the situation starting to get to him.
Still, I hated seeing Dad so sad, so I reached out to him and said, “Dad, please don’t look so afraid. You’re scaring me.”
But Dad suddenly stood up and backed away just before I could touch him. Surprised, I lowered my hand and looked at Dad, who was now looking at me as if I was a snake about to bite him.
“Don’t touch me,” said Dad, his words trembling. “I know what happens when Newborns touch a person. I’m not going to force you to go through that.”
I smiled nervously. “Dad, what are you talking about? I’m twenty-four-years-old. That hardly makes me a ‘Newborn,’ don’t you think?”
“That’s not what I mean,” said Dad. He put his head in his hands, a look of pure agony on his face. “Oh, it’s worse than I feared. Why, God? Why did you decide to put me through this? What have I done to deserve such a terrible fate?”
“Dad, you haven’t done anything wrong,” I said, sitting up in my bed. “You—”
My words were interrupted when the door to the room opened and someone I hadn’t expected to see stepped inside. It was the stranger who had saved me in the church earlier, the tall, dark, and handsome man. He looked exactly the same as he did before, but somehow he looked even more handsome to me, why, I wasn’t sure.
“What is the matter?” said the man, his voice as deep and sexy as ever. “I heard people talking. Is Tara okay?”
Dad whirled around and pointed an accusing finger at the man. “It’s your fault, you damn vamp.”
The man raised a quizzical eyebrow. “My fault? What do you mean, Richard? Saving your daughter’s life?”
Dad shook his head. “That’s not what I’m talking about, and you know. Tara’s awake, but she’s not herself anymore. She’s changed, Lucius.”
The man—who was apparently named Lucius—suddenly frowned seriously. “Wait, you don’t mean—”
“Yes, I do,” said Dad, nodding. “Tara is … Tara has become … she’s a vampire, Lucius. And she’s already thirsting for blood.”
***




I sat there in silence, staring at Dad in confusion. “Did you say I’m a … vampire? Like the bloodsucking kind? The ones in the movies and books? Like Dracula?”
Dad turned around to face me. Tears were flowing freely from his eyes now, tears that frightened me far more than anything he had said so far. “Not like the kind you see in the movies. The real kind. The evil kind. The kind that serve the Darkness and, by extension, Satan himself.”
I gulped. “But, Dad, I don’t serve Satan. I don’t even like him. I’m a Christian and I serve the Lord. Besides, vampires don’t even really exist. They’re fictional.”
“That vampire who attacked you in the church certainly wasn’t fictional,” said Lucius dryly. “If he was, I don’t know how he would have bitten your neck and left you bleeding half to death like that.”
My hand jumped to my neck. “Wait, that guy was an actual vampire? You’ve got to be joking.”
“Lucius is right,” said Dad. He walked over to the desk and sank into the chair, a look of pure despair on his face. “The man who attacked you in front of the whole congregation was a vampire. An honest-to-God vampire.” Dad glared at Lucius. “And it’s all Lucius’s fault.”
Lucius rolled his eyes. “Richard, you know I’m not responsible for that vampire’s presence. I was only tracking him down on orders from the Council. It was just bad luck that he happened to choose to attack your daughter.”
“I thought I’d never see your hideous face again, you vamp,” said Dad, not even bothering to hide the hate in his voice. “But now you show up on the same day that my daughter is converted. Do you want me to kill you or something?”
Dad’s harsh words and even harsher tone stunned me. While Dad had always been a stern man you didn’t want to mess with, this was the first time in his life I had ever heard such intense hatred in his voice. It made me wonder who this Lucius guy was and how Dad even knew him. I even felt a little bit jealous. Why had Dad kept such a good-looking guy from me when he knew for a fact that I was looking for a husband? Did Lucius already have a girlfriend or wife or something?
“I’m not any happier to see you again, either, Richard,” said Lucius, folding his arms in front of his chest. “But fate is a fickle thing and sometimes on destiny’s trail you run into the same people again. Getting angry about it is unproductive.”
Dad looked at Lucius suspiciously, but then he slowly nodded and said, “You’re right. I shouldn’t have been so quick to anger. You’re still a Pure, right?”
“Right,” said Lucius, nodding. “I have no interest in harming any humans. If I did, I wouldn’t have helped you get Tara to your house without anyone seeing, nor would I have helped heal her wounds.”
“You healed my wounds?” I said, rubbing my neck. “How? Are you a doctor?”
Lucius looked at me and my heart skipped a beat at just how handsome he looked. “No, but I’m curious as to why you would think such a thing. Aren’t you aware of what I am? Didn’t your father tell you?”
“Tell me?” I said. “Tell me what?”
Lucius looked at Dad again, a questioning look on his chiseled features. “Richard, didn’t you tell your daughter about vampires? About magic? About your past?”
Dad gulped, but did not look away from Lucius. “I didn’t think she needed to know about it. I didn’t want her to go through what I did.”
“You seemed to enjoy it back when you were younger,” Lucius said.
“I’ve changed my mind since then,” Dad replied with more than a hint of annoyance. “Meanwhile, you clearly haven’t changed at all in twenty-four years, have you?”
I looked at Lucius in surprise. “Wait, you knew my dad twenty-four years ago? Just how old are you, anyway? You look barely older than me.”
Lucius sighed and scratched at his scar, which seemed to be a habit of his. I thought it was kind of cute. “And here I thought that you had explained it all to her already. Given what she’s gone through, I think we have no choice but to tell her about it.”
“For once, I agree with you,” said Dad. “I wish to hell you were wrong, but at this point, I can’t hide it any longer.”
“Can’t hide what any longer?” I said. I licked my lips, mostly because I was still thirsty, though whether for blood or something else, I didn’t know. “And what about the church? How long have I been knocked out?”
“A few hours,” said Dad. “After that vampire attacked you, Lucius and I moved you out of the church to the parsonage. As for the rest of the congregation, everyone is safe and escaped the church during the fight, though the police showed up and asked a few questions.”
“Did they get the body of the guy who attacked me?” I said. I didn’t use the word ‘vampire’ because I still didn’t quite believe it myself, even though I was starting to have the sneaking suspicion that vampires were real after all.
“Nope,” said Dad, shaking his head. “It turned into dust, which is what happens to the bodies of vampires after they die. Even the dust disintegrated. I convinced the police that the guy escaped through the back and that he’s still on the loose somewhere in the town, so I imagine the police will be distracted looking for him for quite a while.”
“But won’t the congregation get suspicious when they find out that I didn’t go to the hospital?” I said. “Everyone saw what happened to me.”
“Everyone only saw what they think they saw,” said Dad. “Don’t worry. I’m going to send a message out to the church email list tonight and post on social media that your wounds weren’t as serious as they appeared and that you’re going to be just fine. Still, I don’t think you’ll ever be able to go to church—this church, at least—ever again.”
I frowned. “Why? Because I’m a ‘vampire,’ as you put it?”
“Yes,” said Dad bluntly, without a hint of irony. “It would be too dangerous to put you in a room with so many humans, even if your blood lust isn’t very strong at the moment. Even just sitting here in this room with me is dangerous, because I have no idea if you will lose control and try to suck my blood.”
I was about to object to that, but then caught myself and remembered how I was thinking about sucking out Dad’s blood from his neck earlier. I was still thinking about it even now, which horrified me and made me wonder if there was more truth to what Dad said than I thought.
“In fact, it would be better if you didn’t go anywhere for a while,” said Dad. “Not even back to your apartment in town. It would be too dangerous.”
“I’m not so sure, Richard,” said Lucius. “Tara seems unusually aware for a Newborn. Most Newborns usually lose their sanity just a few hours after they are first bitten, sometimes even within the first few minutes. Perhaps the attacker didn’t get a chance to finish the transformation process?”
“I still don’t know what you guys are talking about,” I said. “Also, I’m still not even fully convinced that vampires are real.”
Lucius smirked. “Interesting you’d say that, given how you’re talking to one now.”
My eyes widened. “Wait, you’re a vampire? For real?”
“Of course,” said Lucius. He bowed. “Lucius Red, at your service.”
“He’s okay, Tara,” said Dad, though he sounded reluctant when he said that. “He’s a Pure, which means he’s a vampire who doesn’t drink human blood and actually tries to help us rather than harm us.”
“So not like that guy who bit me,” I said, though I still spoke skeptically. “Right?”
“Right,” said Lucius, standing upright again. “That one was a Bloodseeker, likely just graduated from Newborn status. They’re usually the least rational vampires, having given themselves up to their blood lust in exchange for pure animal strength. They can, however, still be killed like any other vampire, as you saw when you blew his brains out.”
I gulped. “You mean I actually killed another living creature?”
“Vampires aren’t living creatures, Tara,” said Dad, shaking his head. “They’re undead. They aren’t even human, at least not anymore.”
I pulled my blanket up to my chin. “Does that mean I’m not human anymore? And if I’m not human, am I even still saved?”
Dad bit his lower lip again, looking like he was mentally kicking himself for saying that to me, while Lucius said, “Perhaps we should start from the beginning. You clearly don’t understand all this talk of vampires and magic. And given how you are still rational, it is possible that you may not be a vampire at all, but something else.”
“Yes, let’s start from the beginning,” I said, nodding. “But if you’re going to say ‘In the beginning, God created vampires,’ then I’m not going to listen.”
“I wasn’t going to say that,” said Dad. He smiled. “But that’s a good way to start a joke, isn’t it, Lucius?”
“I don’t get the reference,” said Lucius with a shrug.
“You don’t get the—?” I shook my head. “That alone tells me that you’re not human, though I still don’t know exactly what you are.”
“I already told you,” said Lucius. “I’m a vampire. Did you forget already? Newborn vampires usually have memory problems when they are first created, but you must be suffering from an especially severe case of it, because everything I tell you seems to go in one ear and out the other.”
“That’s what I used to tell her when she was a kid,” said Dad with a chuckle. “Never listened to a word I said.”
I looked at Dad in annoyance, but then looked at Lucius again and said, “Just tell me what’s going on, okay? I still have no idea what has happened to me or what you guys are talking about. Let’s start with vampires and how they’re allegedly ‘real.’”
“Certainly,” said Lucius. “The faster we start, the faster we can get to figuring out just what happened to you and a possible way to fix it.”
Dad raised a hand. “Let me start. Tara will be more likely to believe me than you, but you can chime in with any details I forget to mention.”
Lucius nodded. “Very well, Richard. I’ll offer clarifications whenever I can.”
Dad then looked at me and said, “Now, let’s start with the fact that I used to hunt vampires for a living.”
***




“What?” I said in confusion. “You hunted … vampires? For a living?”
Dad nodded. He took his glasses off his eyes and wiped them with his shirt. “Yes. Before I became a pastor, I hunted vampires for five years. I was so well-known for hunting vampires that I became known as the Hunter. In fact, that’s how Lucius and I first met. We were hunting the same vamp and ended up having to work together to stop her. That was about twenty-four years ago, back when you were just a teeny tiny baby.”
I looked at Lucius again. “So Lucius is older than me, but he doesn’t look it.”
“Vampires don’t age the same way that humans do,” said Lucius. “Usually, we’re stuck looking like whatever age we were when we were first transformed. I’m actually over three hundred years old.”
I gaped. “No way. You don’t look or sound three hundred years old.”
“I’ve learned to change with the times,” said Lucius. “It would be hard to fit into modern society if I still spoke with sixteenth century slang, wouldn’t it?”
“Yeah … yeah, I guess it would,” I said. “Although the fact that you’re apparently a vampire is a bit more incongruent with modern society than speaking in centuries old slang.”
“Can we get back to the topic at hand?” said Dad. “You wanted to know about vampires and magic, which I’m trying to explain to you.”
I looked back at Dad again, but I couldn’t get my mind off the revelation that Lucius was over three centuries old. It reminded me of how, in the book of Genesis, some people lived for centuries longer than ordinary people, but we weren’t in the Bible and Lucius certainly was no Methuselah. Either Lucius was pulling my leg or he really was that old. And if he was that old, I wondered how that would affect my chances with him.
“So, vampires,” I said, trying not to show how freaked out I was by all of this. “How long have they been around?”
“Since the dawn of time, more or less,” said Dad, leaning back in his chair and draping his arms over the back of the chair. “They came into existence when an evil spirit known as the Darkness corrupted some early humans, giving them amazing power in exchange for their souls.”
“The Darkness?” I said. “I’ve never heard of it.”
“It also goes by the name of Satan,” said Dad. “At least, I think it’s Satan. It’s either that or it works for him, but either way, it’s evil and is the reason vamps exist in the first place.”
“Richard is correct,” said Lucius. “Though I disagree with him about the Darkness being Satan, it is the creator of the vampire race. Not that all vampires worship it, however. I certainly don’t, being a Pure and all.”
“Right,” said Dad, though the way he looked at Lucius told me that he wasn’t entirely convinced of that. “Anyway, vampires have existed all throughout human history and in every culture and country on the planet. Their exact forms and powers have changed from culture to culture and there are a lot of variations, but one thing they’ve all had in common is the desire to kill or convert humans. They see us as food at best and enemies at worst that need to be outright exterminated or converted to their cause.”
I put a hand over my mouth. “If vampires have been around for so long and hate us so much, how come no one knows about them?”
“For one, there aren’t a whole lot of vamps,” Dad said. “Last I heard, there are about a million of them worldwide, scattered all across the globe, and could be wiped out by humanity if everyone knew about them. And secondly, vampires tend to prefer to work in the shadows. Vamps usually don’t operate in the day because the light can kill the weakest of them and outright cripple the strongest. And thirdly, vamps have been opposed by a group of humans known as sorcerers.”
“Sorcerers?” I said. “Who are they?”
“Me,” said Dad. “I mean, I’m one. Sorcerers are humans who can use magic. We’ve extremely similar to normal humans—similar enough that we can blend into wider human society and marry and reproduce with normal humans with no trouble—but we’re stronger, faster, and capable of using magic. While sorcerers deal with more threats than just vamps, vamps have been our biggest enemy and we’ve been theirs for pretty much the entirety of human existence. And, like vamps, sorcerers exist all over the world, though there are less of us than there are vampires.”
“Magic,” I repeated. I frowned. “Do you mean like Harry Potter? Wave a wand, say a few pseudo-Latin phrases, and shoot magical energy bolts?”
Dad snorted. “Don’t be ridiculous. Sorcerers do pass magic onto their children via blood, of course, but it’s very different from Harry Potter. For one, we don’t need wands to channel our magic, though I’ve known some sorcerers who have used them. Generally, we prefer a wide range of weapons, from swords to staffs to guns and everything in between.”
“Is that why you were carrying a gun in church?” I said. “Because it helps to channel your magic?”
“Not necessarily,” said Dad, shaking his head. “My gun had silver bullets in it, which is how they were able to kill that Bloodseeker. Silver is one of the many weaknesses that vampires have. Normal bullets can only slow down or injure vamps, but silver bullets can actually kill them.”
“Oh,” I said. “Well, if you’re a ‘sorcerer,’ then how come I’ve never seen you use magic? How do I know you’re still not pulling my leg?”
“Let me demonstrate a spell for you,” said Dad. “It’s been a while since I’ve cast one, but I still know how to do it. Observe.”
Dad held up a hand. All of a sudden, a bright ball of light appeared in his hand from nowhere. Lucius looked away, covering his eyes with his hands, and even I had to raise my hands over my eyes to protect my vision. Still, I tried to look for a possible source for the light, but as far as I could tell, the light ball had just spontaneously and, dare I say it, magically appeared in Dad’s hand on his command.
The light suddenly went out and Dad lowered his hand. “See? And that’s just one of the simpler spells. I could do more, but like I said, I’ve been out of practice for years and I’d need to put in more practice before I could conjure spells of the same level that I could when I was a young man.”
I tried to think of a rational explanation for how Dad could do that, but my mind was unable to dispute what my eyes saw, so I said, “So magic is real and you can use it.”
“Right,” said Dad, nodding again. “But magic is like muscles. Although magic is natural and hereditary, it can atrophy if you don’t regularly practice and study. Just like how your muscles can atrophy if you don’t work out at the gym regularly.”
“Then I guess you better hit the magical gym, eh?” I said, which was my rather lame attempt at a joke.
But to my surprise, Dad tapped his chin and said, “You know, that may not be such a bad idea. Depending on how things go, I may have to get back to the magical gym.”
I had no idea if Dad was actually serious about the ‘magical gym’ or if that was just another Dad joke, and honestly I was afraid to ask. “So if you’re a sorcerer, was Mom a sorcerer, too?”
“Sorceress,” Dad corrected. “And no, she wasn’t. She was just an ordinary human, a Powerless, as we sorcerers call them. She knew I was a sorcerer, however, and was fully supportive of my efforts to hunt vampires, even though she thought it was extremely dangerous. But most Powerless humans don’t know about us or about vampires.”
“Why not?” I said. “Wouldn’t it be better if the world was more aware of this magical stuff so people could help take down the vampires?”
“Nope,” said Dad, shaking his head. “Early on, sorcerers and vampires were well-known in human civilization—which is where all of the myths and stories about vampires and wizards come from—but it soon became apparent to us that common knowledge about our powers was more of a liability than a help.”
“How so?”
Dad readjusted his glasses, a serious look in his eyes. “Some humans wanted to use our power not to defeat vampires or keep people safe, but to oppress others. Others wanted to profit off our powers for business reasons and still others wanted to wipe us out because they considered our mere existence a threat to their power. And don’t get me started on the dictators and tyrants who thought they could control vampires. Thus, sorcerers the world over have sworn an oath to the Secrecy Pact, which dictates that we will never reveal our existence to the ordinary human world except under the most extreme circumstances.”
“But you revealed your true nature to Mom,” I said. “Right?”
“Right, but we can make exceptions for certain Powerless allies,” said Dad. “We simply require that these allies swear by the Pact as well. And anyone who refuses to swear by it—or worse, outright breaks it—is killed, whether magical or Powerless.”
I bit my lower lip. “Killed? You can’t be serious.”
“I am,” said Dad. “We sorcerers take the Pact very seriously. We have no intention of being exploited, wiped out, or profited off of. We use our powers for the common good, even if the Powerless will never know.”
I could tell that Dad was being one hundred percent serious this time. He was perfectly willing to kill anyone who might break the Pact, a thought that disturbed me, because it contrasted pretty sharply with the kindly middle-aged pastor I used to know. I wondered if that was the same expression Dad wore whenever he fought vampires back in his youth.
Then another thought occurred to me and I said, “So, if magic is passed down via blood, does that mean that I am a sorcerer? Can I use magic, since you’re my dad and everything?”
Dad and Lucius exchanged quick looks that I didn’t like. It seemed as if they had just had a brief, but intense, conversation between themselves without saying a word.
“Yes and no,” said Dad slowly. “Prior to being bitten by that vamp, I would have said yes. Even though you’ve never used magic, you probably still had the potential to use it, given proper training, but afterward …”
“It’s complicated,” said Lucius. “Vampires usually target normal humans, the ones you call Powerless, for conversion, because sorcerers are usually too strong for us to turn. Plus, we hate sorcerers and want them dead, so we usually try to kill them instead of converting them. That you were bitten and have undergone some minor transformation of some sort is evident, but your lucid awareness is more human than vampire.”
“You mean you’ve never heard of a sorcerer being turned into a vampire before?” I said, putting my hands on my chest. “I still feel alive, but I also feel … thirsty. For blood.”
I hated to admit it aloud, but I had to. Dad looked stricken when I said that, while Lucius was stroking his chin thoughtfully, as if considering what I said.
“Like I said, it’s very rare for vampires to even attempt to convert sorcerers,” said Lucius. “But I believe there is a vampire legend regarding such a person. It’s an obscure legend, one that even many vampires don’t know, but I read about it once in a book.”
“Then tell me about it,” I said. I leaned forward. “Tell me what I am.”
“All right,” said Lucius. He pointed at me. “You’re neither vampire nor sorcerer. You are a half-vampire … and you shouldn’t even exist.”
***



“I shouldn’t exist?” I repeated indignantly. “That’s not very nice to say, you know.”
“It’s not an insult,” said Lucius in annoyance. “I’m just stating a fact. Half-vampires are not supposed to exist. You’re either human or vampire. Not both.”
I looked at Dad. “Dad, do you know what he’s talking about? Have you heard of these ‘half-vampires,’ as he calls them?”
“Yes, I have,” said Dad, nodding slowly. “Supposedly, if a sorcerer is bitten by a vampire, they don’t transform entirely. Instead, they take on characteristics of both sorcerers and vampires, becoming both and neither at the same time. Like Lucius said, I always thought it was just a legend, but given what happened to you, I’m now inclined to believe that there’s more truth to those old legends than I used to give them credit for.”
“I don’t understand,” I said. “How could I possibly be both a sorcerer and a vampire at the same time? If a vampire bites someone, doesn’t that person become a vampire? I thought that was how it worked.”
“Sorcerers aren’t normal humans,” Lucius said. “I don’t quite understand it myself, but I suspect that there is something within sorcerer blood that defends sorcerers from being turned into vampires. Something in your blood or genetics defends your body from the virus that vampires infect Powerless humans with, but it obviously can’t counteract the effects of the virus entirely, given how you are still showing vampiric symptoms.”
“I agree with Lucius,” said Dad. “There’s a reason vamps have a tendency to attack normal humans and it isn’t necessarily because they’re weaker than us. Personally, I think the Origin has something to do with it.”
“The Origin?” I said. “What’s that?”
“The source of our magical power,” said Dad. “You remember how I told you about the Darkness, which was the evil spirit that corrupted the first vampires? Well, we sorcerers have our own spirit, a good one, named the Origin, who gave us our magical powers in order to fight the vampires created by the Darkness at the dawn of time.”
“Is the Origin God?” I said. “Like how you said the Darkness is Satan?”
“I think the Origin is more likely a servant of God, rather than God himself,” said Dad. “An angel, in a sense, though I don’t know for sure because I’ve had so little contact with it.”
“Don’t look at me,” said Lucius. “Being a vampire, I’ve had even less experience with the Origin than you.”
“Anyway,” said Dad, “I believe that the Origin’s power is what protects our bodies and souls from being corrupted by vampire bites. That’s why sorcerers can’t be fully turned into vampires.”
“So you mean I’m not going to become a mindless vampire that wants to suck everyone’s blood?” I said hopefully. “There’s hope for me?”
Lucius frowned. “I wouldn’t quite put it that way myself. The legend of the half-vampire states that such people are destined to be forever torn between their sorcerer half and their vampire half. The two halves are constantly warring with each other in all half-vampires and half-vampires are destined to be consumed by their vampire half at some point in their lives.”
I gasped. “Dad, is that true?”
Dad looked down at his lap, as if he couldn’t meet my gaze. “Sorcerers have a similar legend, but again, they’re just legends. It’s possible that you might not be consumed by your vampire side, but whether you’ll be able to live a normal life …”
Dad trailed off in a way that did nothing to reassure me. All it did was make me more anxious and afraid, because now I was facing the apparently real possibility that I would lose what little humanity I had left. I even thought I could feel my two natures fighting against each other in my soul, though whether that was because I was just imagining it or because Lucius was right, I didn’t know.
“What are we going to do?” I said. “Is there a way to reverse the transformation? Can I become normal again?”
Once again, Dad and Lucius exchanged brief looks, though this time, I couldn’t read them. I did, however, feel annoyed at their unwillingness to let me in on their private exchanges. It made me feel left out, a feeling I never enjoyed growing up in school and one I still didn’t enjoy as an adult.
“Normally, it is impossible to reverse a vampire transformation,” said Dad at last. “When someone is bitten by a vampire and they transform, the only way to free them from their suffering is to kill them outright.”
“Richard is correct once again,” said Lucius. “I should know, given how I was transformed myself centuries ago and have never heard of even one case of a successful reversal. The vampiric transformation is, by its very nature, complete and total.”
My shoulders slumped. “You mean I’m destined to remain this way forever, then.”
“Not necessarily,” said Lucius. “Half-vampires are an unusual case. It is possible that there may be a way to reverse the transformation of a half-vampire, given how you are not a full vampire, but there have been so few half-vampires throughout history that it impossible to know for sure what is and isn’t possible with your kind.”
That should have filled me with some hope, but instead, it just made me even more depressed. I lay back down on my bed, frowning deeply. I couldn’t deny it now. All of this magical stuff was one hundred percent real and I was unlucky enough to be stuck right in the middle of it. Having magical powers would have been cool if it hadn’t also come with the knowledge that I was destined to become a mindless, bloodsucking vampire who wanted to destroy humanity and all that was good in the world.
“What I don’t understand is why this happened,” said Dad, shaking his head. “Why did that Bloodseeker attack my daughter? I’ve done everything in my power to hide myself and my family from the vamps. Lucius, would you happen to know why that Bloodseeker attacked Tara?”
Lucius nodded. “Of course. In fact, that’s the whole reason I’m here. I’m here on orders from the Order of Vampires and have been tracking down this particular Bloodseeker for months.”
“What’s the Order of Vampires?” I said without raising my head.
“The Vampire Council’s intelligence agency,” Lucius replied. “In essence, we are the Vampire Council’s spies and do all sorts of espionage work for them. Most of that work is top secret, of course, but I think I can reveal my current mission to you two, because both of you have been dragged straight into the middle of it.”
I looked at Lucius suddenly. “Does that make you a vampire spy?”
“More or less,” said Lucius with another shrug. “But please, don’t call me James Bond. The work I do is very different from the work he does.”
I had been just about to ask him if that made him vampire James Bond, but kept my mouth shut when he said that. So I said instead, “What is the Vampire Council?”
“The ruling body of the vampire race,” said Lucius. “It is run by the three most powerful vampires in the world and regulates the behavior of vampires everywhere. The sorcerers have a similar ruling body, known as the Sorcerer Parliament, though I’m less familiar with it than I am with the Council.”
I looked at Dad. “Dad, can you tell me more about this Sorcerer Parliament? It sounds interesting.”
I must have said something wrong, because Dad just scowled and said, “A bunch of glory-hogging bastards who care more about petty political games than dealing with actual threats. You could say I don’t have a very high opinion of them.”
“Anyway, it doesn’t really matter who they are,” Lucius said, before I could ask Dad more questions about the Parliament. “What matters is that the Council ordered me to follow this Bloodseeker for months. Frankly, however, I had no idea what he was going to do until he attacked Tara. I knew he was planning to attack someone of magical descent, but if I had known that it was the daughter of the Hunter, I would have acted much sooner.”
“A Bloodseeker seems like a small thing to spend time following,” said Dad. “They’re a step above Newborns in terms of power, which makes me wonder why the Council ordered you to follow it.”
“Because that Bloodseeker wasn’t working on its own,” said Lucius. “That Bloodseeker was working for Lord Taranas, a powerful Vampire Lord. Have you heard of him?”
Dad nearly jumped out of his chair like someone had poked him with a branding iron. “Lord Taranas? You don’t mean the same Lord Taranas who gave the Sorcerer Parliament so much trouble thirty years ago?”
“The very same,” said Lucius, nodding. “As he himself always likes to put it, there is only one Lord Taranas.”
“I don’t know who he is,” I said. “And I don’t know what a Vampire Lord is, either.”
“Vampire Lords are at the very top of the Vampire Hierarchy, which is how we vampires organize ourselves,” Lucius explained. “They’re the strongest, oldest, and most powerful vampires. Not only do they have all the usual vampire powers, but they also have access to magic, including the spells used by sorcerers.”
“They’re extremely dangerous,” said Dad with a shudder. “Of the three Vampire Lords I fought in my youth, I only ever managed to kill one of them. They suffer all the same weaknesses that normal vamps do, but they’re so much stronger and faster than your average vamp that it takes a lot more to take them out. Hell, most vampire hunters I knew wouldn’t even take them on because they knew how outclassed they were. And Lord Taranas is one of the worst.”
“Indeed,” said Lucius. “He’s been dormant for the last thirty or so years, but recently he’s become active again and the Council believes that he is planning to overthrow them and make himself the king of the vampires.”
“Like Lady Hisara all those years back,” said Dad. “Right?”
“Right,” said Lucius. “Except unlike Lady Hisara, Lord Taranas is far more powerful. He’s already amassed a fairly large Horde, including some vampires who he didn’t even convert himself. It’s my job as a member of the Order to investigate him and find out what, exactly, he’s planning, but I’ve had little luck so far because Taranas is a deeply secretive and even paranoid Lord and has been very good at keeping his real plans a secret from everyone. It helps that he has a tendency to kill his minions who learn his secrets before they have time to tell anyone else about them.”
I gulped. “Sounds like a bad boss, heh.”
Lucius looked at me as if I had just stated the obvious. “Yes, he is. But his Newborns follow him anyway because he created them and they have no choice.”
“Sounds like … uh … sounds depressing,” I said.
“It’s simply the nature of Newborns,” said Lucius. “I was much the same way when I first became a vampire. It took me a while to break away from my creator, and even then, it wasn’t easy.”
Before I could ask Lucius how it was possible for a vampire to break away from their creator, Dad said, “Then Lord Taranas is the reason why my daughter is now a half-vampire.”
“Looks like it,” said Lucius. “Personally, I think the Newborn was actually going after you, because you’re still known as the Hunter despite being retired, but he attacked Tara instead, most likely because her blood tastes better.”
“It does?” I said. I felt a little sick to my stomach. “Is there a difference in how blood tastes between humans or something?”
“Sure,” said Lucius, nodding. “While most vampires won’t turn away human blood no matter who it comes from, it’s well-known that taste varies according to age. Old human men, like your father, generally have bitter, dry blood, while the blood of young women tastes sweet and juicy. Likely, the Newborn somehow got a whiff of your blood and attacked you without even thinking about it.”
I didn’t know whether to be offended by Lucius essentially saying Dad’s blood tasted bad and mine tasted good or if I should be complimented. Then again, I was still confused about most of this vampire/sorcerer stuff and how it all worked.
“What should we do?” I said, trying to turn the conversation in a direction I understood. “Are we going to go after this Taranas guy or—”
Dad stood up and said, in a firm voice, “No. Lord Taranas is too dangerous for someone as untrained in magic as you to take on. I wouldn’t take him on even if I was back in my youthful body again.”
“I agree with Richard,” said Lucius. “Attacking Lord Taranas now would be a grave mistake. I’m going to head back to the Vampire Council and inform them of what happened.”
“But what am I supposed to do?” I said, rubbing my neck again. “The thirst is so bad … I can barely contain it. I want to be normal again.”
Lucius’s expression softened. “I understand. I felt the same way when I first transformed. It gets easier after a while, but you never fully get over it.”
“I think Tara needs to be trained,” said Dad, though he sounded reluctant.
“Trained?” I said, looking at Dad again. “What do you mean?”
“Training in magic,” Dad replied. “And, perhaps, in learning how to control your blood lust and vampiric abilities, too, if Lucius is willing to help.”
Lucius turned toward Dad, a frown on his face. “Did I hear you right? Is the legendary Hunter asking me, a vampire, for help?”
Dad scowled. “Don’t get the wrong idea, Lucius. Until we can learn if it is possible to cure her of her vampirism, I just think that Tara needs to learn how to control her new powers. That way, she’ll avoid causing a scene or getting herself into trouble.”
Lucius smirked. “I understand, Richard. I was just amused that you would even consider asking me for help. I remember how you treated me when we first met and—”
“I said don’t get the wrong idea,” said Dad. “The only reason I’m asking you is because you’re the only vampire I know and trust to help.” He looked at me. “Tara, what do you think about receiving training from Lucius in how to control your blood lust and new vampire powers?”
I knew that ‘training’ in this context meant how to control my powers, but I just couldn’t get over the fact that that would inevitably require me spending time alone with Lucius. And, though I didn’t know Lucius all that well yet, I could think of a number of worse ways to spend the next week or two or however long our training would last.
“Sure, Dad,” I said without hesitation. “I’d love to train on—uh, I mean with Lucius. Yeah.”
I felt embarrassed by that near Freudian slip, but luckily, Lucius did not seem to notice, because he said, “Very well. I’ll be back tomorrow to begin training. Right now, I need to head back to the Council and give them a report on what happened.”
“Will you mention Tara’s … condition to them?” said Dad.
Lucius shook his head. “No. The Vampire Council would likely want her dead if they found out about her condition. There are ancient laws which state that half-vampires must be put to death wherever they are found. Until we find out what Lord Taranas is doing, however, I won’t tell the Council about Tara. I’ll tell them that she was attacked but not bitten.”
I looked at Lucius in surprise. “You’d lie to your bosses to keep me safe?”
“Not to keep you safe,” said Lucius, “but to ensure that the Council doesn’t act rashly. There’s still much I don’t know about Taranas’ plans, and until I find out, I don’t want anything happening to you.”
“Won’t they get mad if they find out?” I said.
Lucius simply shrugged. “Vampires are not known for their honesty, especially us Order members. Besides, I’m far too valuable for them to even think about getting rid of. It would be too much trouble for them.”
Lucius flashed me a playful smile when he said that, which made my heart skip a beat despite myself (did my heart still work even though I was technically part-undead?).
Then Lucius stepped into the shadows of a nearby corner and vanished without a word, causing me to almost jump out of my bed in surprise.
“Did he just …” I looked at Dad. “Did he just disappear into the shadows?”
Dad nodded. “Yes. Vamps can travel through shadows like that. You’ll get used to it.”
I supposed Dad was probably right—and if I was really part vampire, then maybe I would learn how to do that myself at some point—but given all of the surprises and shocks that I had endured so far, I wasn’t as certain of that as Dad was.
One thing I was certain of, though: My life had changed, forever. And not in a good way.
***




I couldn’t sleep that night. Literally. Every time I closed my eyes to rest, I wouldn’t feel even remotely tired and my eyes would just flip open again. Dad told me that it was because vampires don’t sleep and that they are actually more active at night than at day. He said that my lack of sleep would probably not negatively affect me, though given how I was technically half-vampire, I wondered if the rules for normal vampires actually applied to me or not.
In any case, I stayed at Dad’s house, rather than go back to my apartment in Greensboro, which was about an hour from here. Dad insisted that I stay with him until I get my powers under control and understand the full extent of what I could do and what happened to me. I didn’t object to that, necessarily, but it would be a bit problematic because my boss, Tony, was expecting me to come into work tomorrow morning and would be wondering where I was if I didn’t show up. Additionally, my cat, Frederick, would also be wondering where I was and I had no idea who would feed him and make sure his water bowl was full. I would just have to call my boss tomorrow and let him know I would have to take time off.
Lying in bed that night, I just stared at the ceiling. The blood lust in my mouth was hard to ignore. All I wanted to do was sink my fangs into the neck of someone and suck all their blood from their body, but I forced myself to stay put. Dad said that my blood lust could make me get up and sneak out into the middle of the night to feed, though he also said that my blood lust might not be as strong as it could be due to my unique nature. Maybe Dad was right about that, but I could tell that if I didn’t get some blood soon, I wouldn’t be able to control my thirst anymore. I thought about how Dad was just a couple of rooms down and how I could potentially drink his blood, but I stayed where I was, because the idea of sucking out the blood of my own Dad was just too horrific for me to even contemplate.
What was even worse about not being able to sleep were the thoughts that plagued my mind. I kept wondering what being a half-vampire meant in regards to my salvation as Christian. I didn’t recall a single Bible verse that discussed what happened to Christians who became soulless killing machines that were apparently the spawn of Satan. I knew that the Bible spoke of believers never losing their salvation, that nothing could snatch us from the hand of God, but would God still want me if my body and maybe even my soul were corrupted by Satan’s touch? Would I be condemned to hell when I died? Hell, could I die at all anymore? Would I live forever unless some ‘vampire hunter’ (which was another one of those terms I would have to ask Dad to explain to me) killed me?
Even worse, could I still have children? I had had dreams of becoming a mother at some point. I just hadn’t found a man I thought would make a good husband yet. Could vampires breed? And even if we could, what man would want a creature like me? Would any children I have also be vampires or would they be normal?
My grim thoughts were interrupted by a sudden ringing sound on the desk next to my bed. I looked over and saw that someone was calling me on my phone. Picking up my phone, I looked at the screen and was relieved to see the familiar face of my best friend in the world, Jane Gardner, displayed. Though Jane was only a year younger than me, she was very short and young-looking to the point where she was often mistaken for a teenager by people who didn’t know her well. We got along great, however, and she always knew how to make me forget about my troubles.
I put the phone against my ear and said, “Hi, Jane. You’re up late.”
“Tara!” said Jane’s high-pitched, nervous voice over the phone. “Are you okay? You sound weird, husky and stuff. You aren’t sick, are you?”
“Uh, I’m fine,” I said, though I knew that was a lie. “Why do you think I’m in danger?”
“Well, I just saw an article on Facebook about the attack on your dad’s church in South Side,” said Jane. “It didn’t say much except that a big crazy guy broke into the church and attacked someone at the pulpit. I remember you told me you were going to visit your Dad in South Side and I wanted to make sure you got out of the church safely.”
I rubbed the part of my neck where the Bloodseeker had bitten me. “Yeah, um, I was actually the person attacked.”
“Oh my god!” said Jane in genuine shock. “Are you okay? There weren’t any pictures of the attacker, but I saw comments from people at your church who said that the guy was as big as a bodybuilder.”
“I’m fine,” I said quickly. “He didn’t break any bones or stab me or anything. I got a few bruises, but that’s it. I didn’t even need to go to the hospital because my dad took him down pretty quickly. It was just the shock of the attack that hurt more than anything.”
“Are you sure?” said Jane. “Well, I’m glad to hear you’re all right, but the news report said that the police have confirmed that the attacker escaped the church and is still at large. They’re asking everyone in South Side and the surrounding area to keep an eye out for a big guy in his mid-thirties who has pale skin and red eyes. What if he comes back to finish the job?”
Remembering what Dad had told me about lying to the police about the Bloodseeker, I said, “Oh, I don’t think that’s going to happen. My dad is good with a shotgun and if anyone came to our house with the intent to hurt me, they’d get their chest blown up. I think the creep is probably going to leave me alone, especially with so many people now on the lookout for him.”
“I hope you’re right,” said Jane with a shudder. “I was stalked by a crazy ex for over a year before he tried to attack me, though the guy I was dating at the time protected me and made sure the crazy ex got arrested. Granted, this guy who attacked you wasn’t an ex, but still. Why did he attack you, anyway?”
“I … don’t know,” I said. “As far as I can tell, he’s just a crazy guy who likes to break into churches and hurt pretty young woman. Maybe he gets off on it or something.”
I had almost told Jane that my attacker had bitten me and tried to turn me into a vampire, but then I remembered the Secrecy Pact that Dad had told me know about and I changed it at the last second. Technically, I hadn’t sworn to any pact yet, but I wasn’t sure if it was wise to tell Jane that I was half-vampire. I was still processing all of yesterday’s revelations myself. There was no way I could explain it all to Jane, especially not over the phone. She’d probably think I lost my mind or was lying to her or maybe both. And the last thing I needed was my best friend in the world thinking I was a crazy liar.
“So creepy,” said Jane. “Will you be coming back to Greensboro tomorrow?”
I shook my head. “No. I’m going to stay with Dad for a while. The attack really shook me up and I’m still afraid that my attacker will come back at some point. I don’t know when I’ll return.”
That was the truth. At this point, all I knew was that I was going to receive training with Lucius tomorrow and maybe Dad would also teach me more about my magical powers, but I had no idea how long any of that would take and didn’t want to say anything to get Jane’s hopes up.
“I understand,” said Jane. “I’ll feed Frederick for you until you get back. He likes me, so I don’t think he’ll mind, but I think Tony is going to wonder where you are.”
I grimaced. Tony was my boss from work. While he was generally a pretty cool guy, he was also very stern and didn’t take well to employees who didn’t show up on time, especially if they didn’t let him know in advance. I had seen him fire people who were late for work even just one time and, while I didn’t think he would fire me immediately for tardiness due to my excellent track record of showing up on time, I couldn’t deny that that was a real worry of mine.
“I’ll call Tony myself tomorrow morning,” I said. “Don’t worry about him. You just focus on feeding Frederick. And don’t worry about my rent, either. I already paid it this month and have enough in savings to pay for next month, too, if necessary.”
Oh, boy. That was another thing I just realized I would need to deal with. If I couldn’t go back to work because of my condition, then I would eventually run out of savings and be kicked out of my apartment. Dad would probably let me stay at his place like I was currently doing, but the thought of losing my place due to circumstances I couldn’t control just added onto my already high stress levels.
“Well, if you say so,” said Jane. “But I didn’t call you just because of the Facebook article I read. Something happened tonight that made me want to check on you.”
I tugged at a strand of my hair absentmindedly. “What happened? You weren’t attacked yourself, were you?”
“Thank God I wasn’t,” said Jane. “But someone showed up at your apartment asking if you were around. A real creepy guy, too.”
I paused. “Who was this guy and why did he want to see me?”
“He didn’t tell me his name or why he wanted to see you,” said Jane. “I just heard knocking outside my apartment and looked out because I thought someone was knocking on my door. Turned out the guy was knocking at your apartment door across the hall from mine. He stopped as soon as I opened my door, though. I think he was trying to force open the door at first, but gave up when I saw him.”
I gulped. “What did he do after that?”
“Turned around and asked me if you were home,” said Jane. “I told him you were probably still out, but I didn’t say where because my spider senses were tingling like crazy around this guy. He thanked me for the information and left, but I followed him without him noticing just to make sure he wasn’t some kind of criminal. I lost track of him in the parking lot, however. He just seemed to disappear into thin air, like a ghost.”
“What did he look like?” I said.
“Creepy,” said Jane. “He was really tall and muscular, but his skin was so pale that I thought he was sick. He had thick sunglasses over his eyes and his teeth seemed to be pointed, but I didn’t see them very well because he didn’t open his mouth much when he talked.”
My eyes widened. That sounded like a vampire. Was it one of Lord Taranas’ minions? Maybe Lord Taranas had sent one of his minions to check on me and make sure that the Bloodseeker had succeeded in attacking me and Dad. I guess they must not have realized I hadn’t returned to my apartment yet, though they now knew thanks to Jane.
“I don’t recognize him,” I said. “He didn’t give you a name or anything?”
“Nothing,” said Jane. “He didn’t seem to be with the government or anything. I think he was just a creeper trying to break into your apartment to steal your stuff and only came up with that lie about being your friend to make me talk, but I—”
“Wait, what did he say about being my friend?” I interrupted.
“Oh, didn’t I mention it?” said Jane. “Guess I must have forgotten to mention it earlier. The creeper told me that he was just an old friend of yours who hadn’t seen you in a while and wanted to visit you since he’s in town on business.”
“He doesn’t sound like any friend I’ve ever had, old or otherwise,” I said. “And what kind of ‘business’ was he on?”
“Acting like a real creep,” said Jane sarcastically. “Seriously, though, I don’t know. He just gave me such bad vibes that I didn’t want to spend even one more minute in his company. He had really bad breath, too, like blood, and I should know what blood smells like because I’m a nurse and deal with that crap every day.”
Definitely a vampire, then, and most likely one of Lord Taranas’ minions. I didn’t know what kind of ‘business’ a vampire could have in Greensboro, assuming that wasn’t just a lie he made up to avoid blowing his cover. Given how bloodthirsty vampires are, I was amazed that he had let Jane live at all. Maybe he thought it would attract too much attention if he killed her.
“Well, thanks for calling me and letting me about this,” I said. “I think I’m going to stay at Dad’s house a little while longer, but if you see anything suspicious around the apartment, don’t hesitate to call me and let me know.”
“Sure,” said Jane. “And I’ll make sure that Frederick is kept fat and happy, which is sort of his default state, but you know what I mean.”
I smiled, which was the first time I’d smiled in what felt like a lifetime. “Yeah, I know. Thanks.”
I ended the call and put my cell phone back on the desk, but my mind was still on the phone call. Jane clearly didn’t understand who that guy was, but in her defense, I only understood the situation barely better than her.
What this revealed to me was that maybe Lord Taranas hadn’t been trying to kill Dad after all, but had deliberately sent one of his minions after me. It was a scary thought, to be the target of a Vampire Lord, if Taranas was as dangerous and powerful as Lucius said he was.
And with this information in mind, even if I could have slept, I doubt I would have. I just stayed up all night long until the first rays of the sun started to creep in my room through the window opposite me, never letting myself close my eyes for even a second in case the vampire who tried to break into my apartment came here and tried to get me.
***




When the first rays of the sun flooded my room, my eyes started to hurt like crazy and I yelped in pain. They felt like they were going to melt out of my sockets, so I jumped out of my bed, rushed over to the window, and closed the curtains shut. As soon as I did, the room became almost pitch black, with only the soft, dulled glow of the sun from behind the curtains to provide illumination.
Still, I rubbed my eyes with my hands, because they continued to hurt even with the light dimmed. It felt like the time I had gotten soap in my eyes as a kid, except even worse. Luckily, the pain was going down fast now that I had covered the window, but I had a feeling it would be a while before it went away entirely.
Suddenly, the door to the room burst open and Dad appeared in the doorway wearing his green bathrobe, saying, “Tara, are you okay? I heard you scream and wanted to make sure you weren’t hurt.”
“I’m fine, Dad,” I said, taking my hands off my eyes to look at him. “It was just the light from—”
The light on the ceiling suddenly flicked on, instantly illuminating the room, but my skin suddenly started to burn and I screamed in pain. I fell to the floor and covered my eyes with my hands, but as soon as I did that, the light turned off and the burning sensation ceased, though my skin still hurt.
“Sorry,” said Dad in an apologetic voice. “I just couldn’t see anything in this infernal darkness and I turned on the light without thinking. I forgot your vampire nature means that you can’t be in direct light for too long.”
“And what happens if I stay in direct light for too long?” I said without looking up at Dad.
“Depending on your strength, you will either burn up into ashes or just suffer from really bad skin burns,” said Dad. “Electric lights are actually less lethal than sunlight, though as you found out, that doesn’t mean they’re painless.”
I should have been amazed at how quickly Dad was able to recall that information off the top of his head, given how many years it had been since he last hunted vampires, but instead I was more annoyed that he had nearly burned my skin off due to his own forgetfulness than anything. I took my hands off my eyes and looked up at Dad, who was smiling somewhat sheepishly at me.
“Anyway, uh, how did your first night go?” said Dad. “You didn’t sneak out and do any hunting, did you?”
“No,” I said, making no effort to hide the misery in my voice. “I just lay in bed all night. I didn’t get any sleep, but somehow I’m not tired.”
“Like I told you, vampires don’t need sleep like humans do,” said Dad. “You can stay up twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, and see not even the slightest reduction in your strength or speed. It’s the lack of blood, however, that affects a vampire’s disposition. Go without blood for too long and you soon become too weak to do much of anything. That may explain why the light hurt you this morning, but not yesterday.”
I licked my lips. “That explains why I’m so thirsty. But I don’t want to drink human blood.”
“I know,” said Dad, stroking his chin. “But I’m not sure how to feed you without human blood. Vampires can eat human food, but it doesn’t actually fill them up or give them the nutrients they need to survive. So I can’t just give you eggs, bacons, and waffles for breakfast.”
I gasped. “There are a lot of negatives to being a vampire, but not being able to eat waffles for breakfast has to be the worst.”
“Personally, I’d think that potentially losing your humanity would be worst, but I guess waffles are pretty important, too, eh?” said Dad with a teasing smile.
I frowned at Dad’s lame joke, but then remembered something and said, “Oh, Dad, I have to tell you something before I forget. My friend Jane called me last night and told me about something that happened.”
I explained to Dad about the mysterious man who was most likely a vampire who came to my apartment and lied about being an old friend of mine. I didn’t say that the vampire was a minion of Lord Taranas, but I could tell that Dad was already putting two and two together in his mind. Dad was usually pretty good at inferring things, no matter how subtly they were put, so I felt grateful that he was able to look between the lines and understand what I was trying to say without me having to spell it out.
“That’s bad,” said Dad as soon as I finished. He sipped from his mug of coffee, a frown on his face. “I thought at first that Lord Taranas had sent that Bloodseeker to kill me, but if that vampire who came to your apartment is working for him—”
“Then I was the target the whole time,” I finished for Dad. “Meaning that my transformation into a half-vampire may not have been entirely accidental.”
“Right,” said Dad. He shook his head. “If that’s true, then this situation is far more complicated than I thought. I could see why Taranas would want me dead—I was infamous among vampires for being such an efficient hunter—but if he was aiming for you, then the behavior of that Bloodseeker makes far more sense. At the same time, I don’t understand if he was trying to kill you or transform you.”
Dad looked even more troubled than he did yesterday. I still didn’t quite grasp everything that was going on, but I could tell that Dad was far more troubled about me being targeted than him. That didn’t surprise me. Dad had always been very protective of me and he probably thought it was his fault that I had been transformed against my will like that, even though there was nothing he could have done about it.
But something Dad said reminded me of something I wanted to ask him, so I said, “Dad, what made you become a vampire hunter in the first place? I mean, if you don’t mind me asking.”
Dad suddenly went very still, which was how I knew I had accidentally asked a very personal question. I hoped I didn’t offend him, because Dad always told me that I could talk to him about anything and ask him any question about anything I wanted. Did I accidentally stumble upon the one topic he didn’t want me to ask questions about?
“I just hated vamps,” said Dad stiffly. “All vampires are monsters, a blight upon the world that would be better off destroyed. I believed God gave me the mission to kill vamps, which was another reason I did it.”
I could tell that Dad wasn’t being entirely upfront about the real reason he became a hunter, but instead of pursuing that line of inquiry and possibly risk angering him, I said, “Are you sure that all vampires are bad? What about Lucius? He seems pretty good. Didn’t you work with him to kill a Vampire Lord once?”
Dad’s expression hardened. “I only worked with him back then out of necessity. He didn’t stab me in the back, that’s true, but I still don’t trust him. I barely even trust him to train you, but like before, I have no choice but to rely upon his help. I know a lot about vampires, but I don’t have the experience necessary to teach you how to control your powers myself. If I did, I would.”
“I still don’t understand,” I said. “Lucius said he was a ‘Pure,’ right? That means a vampire who doesn’t drink human blood and tries to help humans instead. Doesn’t that make him a good guy?”
Dad sighed and looked down into his coffee. “Lots of evil men have claimed to be pious Christians, Tara, only to turn out to be worse than nonbelievers. Quite a few so-called ‘Pures’ in the past have turned out to be normal vampires wearing a mask in order to get closer to sorcerers they wanted to kill.”
“So you think Lucius is a hypocrite,” I said. “Even though he hasn’t done anything to show that he’s a hypocrite yet.”
“I’m saying that you should be careful when working with vampires,” said Dad. “Whether they call themselves Pure or not, they’re still dangerous creatures who hate humanity and everything that is righteous. You have to be careful around them and don’t let your guard down even if they claim to just want peace.”
I frowned. “Dad, can vampires …” I trailed off.
“Can vampires what, honey?” said Dad.
“Can vampires …” I hesitated, because I wasn’t sure I wanted to know the answer to this question, but I felt like I needed to know it. “Can vampires be saved?”
Dad paused. “Saved … as in, salvation through Christ?”
I nodded. “Yes. Is it possible?”
Dad scratched the back of his neck. “No, I don’t think so. Vampires are creatures without souls. There is nothing to save. They aren’t even supposed to exist. In fact, vampires actually hate things like crosses precisely because of their holy properties. I’ve never heard of a vampire who became saved through faith in Christ or even of any evangelists attempting to convert them.”
I gulped. I wanted to ask what that meant for me, but I was so terrified of the answer that I couldn’t say even one word. Still, I managed to squeak out, “What about someone like me? I’m not fully vampire, but I’m not fully human, either. Am I still saved? Or am I destined to burn in hell?”
Dad sipped his coffee again. He didn’t meet my eyes, and this time, it wasn’t because he was afraid of inciting my blood lust. “I don’t know. I’ve never dealt with a half-vampire before and there are no Bible verses or theological books on the subject. To me, you still seem to be the same Tara I’ve always known, the Tara who gave her life to Christ when she turned thirteen. God won’t take away your salvation, no matter what.”
“But …” I put a hand on my chest. “What if I don’t have a soul anymore? Or my vampire half eats away at my human soul? What then?”
Dad sighed. “I don’t know, Tara. Your situation is so unusual and I hesitate to speak on spiritual matters as important as this without a solid biblical foundation, but—”
“Am I interrupting anything?” said a voice from the shadows.
Dad and I started and looked in the corner of the room. Lucius was leaning against the wall, his red eyes glowing softly in the shadows, looking at us with an amused smile on his face.
“Lucius,” said Dad in annoyance. “How long have you been standing there?”
“I just got here,” said Lucius promptly. “I only heard the tail end of your conversation, something to do with your human religion or something. Didn’t sound very interesting or relevant to me.”
Dad looked at Lucius as if he thought Lucius had been here a lot longer than just a few seconds. Me, I just stood up as straight as an arrow and tried to make my hair look nicer as subtly as possible. I knew it was silly to feel this way, but if you saw Lucius, you’d probably feel the same way. He was just that handsome.
“Anyway, I’m back,” said Lucius, pushing himself off the wall and walking over to us. “I gave my report to the Council and they are currently discussing what to do about this recent turn of events. Meanwhile, I’m here to train Tara, like I said yesterday.”
“Right,” said Dad, who still didn’t sound pleased at Lucius’s appearance. “I suppose you want to get started right away.”
“Of course,” said Lucius. “The sooner you begin training Newborns, the easier it becomes to teach them how to control their impulses. Tara is essentially a Newborn from a vampire perspective, meaning that she needs to be trained right away.”
“All right,” I said. “Do we start now or—?”
“We should train somewhere else,” said Lucius, glancing around the room. “This room is too small for training purposes, especially because we’re going to be getting some combat training in. I have a place that is better suited for training than this room.”
Lucius held out a hand toward me, but then Dad grabbed his wrist and said, “You’re not taking my daughter anywhere, Lucius, at least not out of my sight.”
For a moment, anger flashed in Lucius’s eyes and I thought he was going to rip Dad’s head off, but then his usual calmness returned and he said, in his normal voice, “Richard, I understand you want to protect your daughter, but the best way to protect her is to make sure that she’s trained the correct way. And the best way to train her would be to take her to a place where we can train without worry about damaging your house or alerting your neighbors of our presence. I have zero intention of harming her or intentionally putting her in harm’s way. She’ll be perfectly safe with me.”
Dad looked like he was going to tell Lucius to take a hike. Lucius met his gaze without hesitation and for a second the two waged a silent war between themselves.
Then Dad let go of Lucius’ wrist and said, “Very well. Take her wherever you need to, but if I find out that you’ve harmed her—or put her in harm’s way—I will spend the rest of my life hunting you down like the vamp you are.”
“I would expect nothing less from the legendary Hunter,” Lucius replied. Then he looked at me and said, “Now, Tara, take my hand. We have no time to lose.”
***




Lucius’ hand was cold to the touch and probably would have disgusted me if I wasn’t a half-vampire myself. It helped, of course, that Lucius was very nice to look at, even though he didn’t seem to notice me yet. But maybe that was for the best right now. With everything going on in my life, it was probably for the best that I didn’t focus on romance or try to pursue anything with Lucius yet.
We walked to the corner of the room and Lucius disappeared into the shadows like a diver jumping into a lake. I would have hesitated, because it looked like I was going to walk into a wall, but because Lucius was holding my hand and pulling me along, I could not resist as I was pulled into the shadows.
I half-expected to walk straight into the wall, but instead I kept walking. Soon, the spare room’s surroundings completely vanished and I found myself walking through complete and utter blackness which I could nonetheless see through. Actually, I could see even better than I could back on Earth, as if I had just stepped out of a mild fog into the clear air.
The place into which we had entered was some kind of strange, ancient stone hallway with doors and connecting hallways on every side. It looked kind of like the interior of a medieval castle, except much older than any medieval castle I knew of (which, admittedly, wasn’t much). There were no torches on the walls or any other light source, and the doors weren’t even labeled, yet somehow I could see as well as I ever could in here.
“What is this place?” I said as I followed Lucius, looking around the empty hallway. “Your castle?”
“It’s called the Shadow Way,” said Lucius. “And no, I don’t have a castle. The Vampire Council does, as does the Order, but I do not.”
“The Shadow Way?” I repeated. “What’s that?”
Lucius glanced over his shoulder at me in surprise. “You mean you’ve never heard of the Shadow Way?”
“Hey, I just got turned into a vampire literally yesterday,” I said, scowling. “Unlike you, I haven’t had three centuries to figure out all of the details about vampire powers. I didn’t even know you could travel through darkness.”
“Right, right,” said Lucius, nodding. “I’m not used to dealing with someone as … uninformed as you, so forgive me if I don’t explain as well as I should. Anyway, the Shadow Way is a parallel world connected to Earth, accessible only by vampires or other creatures that can travel through shadows. The Shadow Way connects the entire planet together, allowing people who use it to travel great distances in a very short amount of time. It’s one of the main ways that vampires travel around the world quickly and efficiently.”
“Sounds convenient,” I said. “What are all of the doors for?”
Lucius gestured at the doors as we walked. “These will take you to certain designated spots on Earth. While each door leads to a specific spot, it is possible to change a door’s location to wherever you want it to go. That takes practice and skill, however, which means we are not going to be doing it today. We’re just passing through.”
I looked around the ancient hallway. “So I’ll be able to access this place someday?”
“If your training goes well,” said Lucius. “It’s certainly a skill I intend to teach you, but for now I think you shouldn’t worry about it.”
“And why do I have to keep holding your hand?” I said, glancing at my hand in his. “I can walk on my own.”
“Because it is easy to get lost in the Shadow Way, especially for someone as unfamiliar with it as you,” said Lucius. He looked over his shoulder at me, a grim look on his face. “And you don’t want to get lost in the Shadow Way, not unless you want to end up in the hands of the Strangers, at any rate.”
“The what?” I said.
But Lucius apparently didn’t hear what I said, because he stopped in front of a door and said, “Ah, here we are.”
Lucius opened the door and passed through, pulling me behind him on his way in. As we passed through the doorway, I felt a presence looking at me and looked over my shoulder in time to see what looked like a small child—no more than six or seven, based on his height—staring at me with the creepiest black eyes I’d ever seen. I only had a short time to see it, however, before the door closed behind me abruptly and vanished into shadow.
“Here we are,” said Lucius, letting go of my hand and gesturing at our new surroundings. “My personal training room.”
I looked at where Lucius had brought me. It looked kind of like a home gym, with a rack full of old dumbbells next to us, work out mats on the floor that were slightly frayed at the edges, and a bench with a barbell over it. The wooden walls were covered in scratches and had obviously been patched in several areas over the years, while the floor had gouges that had been partially covered by the mats, though one of the bigger ones—which looked like it had been made with a sword—poked out from underneath a mat. The whole room smelled of sweat, but also of death, which wasn’t too different from the gym I went to back in Greensboro, actually.
“What do you think?” said Lucius, putting his hands on his chest.
“It’s … small,” I said somewhat lamely. “When you talked about training room, I thought you meant, like, not your home gym.”
Lucius shrugged. “I prefer to keep things simple. No point in going extravagant, especially when I don’t have all the room in the world. This is the only room the Order allowed me to turn into a training room and it has served me well so far.”
“Wait, what do you mean the Order has allowed you to turn into a training room?” I said, looking at Lucius worriedly. “Where, exactly, are we?”
“Castle Wings,” said Lucius, “also known as the castle and headquarters of the Order of Vampires.”
I put my hands over my mouth. “You didn’t tell your bosses about me, did you?”
“No, I did not,” said Lucius. “But don’t worry. Nearly everyone is out on a mission today, including the Chief. And the few agents who aren’t currently out in the field are in their rooms resting. We have a very strict, though unwritten, rule of not interrupting each other whenever we’re training or resting, so I think we should have at least a few hours to ourselves.”
I bit my lower lip. “And what if someone comes in and sees me anyway?”
Lucius smiled. “I’ll deal with that if it happens. For now, we need to start the training. We’ll do just a couple of lessons today and then get you home, because I’m not convinced that Richard actually trusts me to keep you safe and the last thing I need is him laying siege to Castle Wings all by himself just because he’s worried about you.”
I nodded, but then suddenly realized that my mouth was dry. “Um, Lucius? Can I get something to drink first? I’m really thirsty and haven’t had anything to drink since yesterday.”
Lucius looked at me in surprise. “You haven’t drunk anything at all?”
“I did have some water, but …” I shrugged. “It didn’t sate my thirst. I need … blood, and I need it as quickly as possible.”
I hated saying that aloud, because admitting that I needed blood felt like condemning myself to eternal damnation, but I wanted to make sure that Lucius understood what I wanted. He probably already did, what with being a vampire himself and all, but I still felt it was important to say that aloud in order to avoid making any confusion.
Lucius, thankfully, did not look at me with judgmental eyes. He just nodded and said, “Yes, how could I forget? Now that you’re a half-vampire, you need blood to sate your thirst. Vampires can drink anything humans can, and even to some extent enjoy it, but blood is what we actually need in order to gain nourishment for our bodies.”
I nodded, but then paused and said, “Dad said you’re a Pure, which means you don’t drink human blood, right? So how do you deal with this craving?”
“I didn’t say that vampires needed human blood in order to survive,” said Lucius. “Human blood is the best, of course, but we can drink blood from any living creature. Here, let me show you what I use.”
Lucius pulled two small bottles out of his pockets and held them out to me. I took one of the bottles and looked down at it, but it was unlabeled, though I could see the red blood through its clear surface.
I looked up at Lucius. “Lucius, what kind of blood is this?”
“Monkey blood,” said Lucius promptly. “It’s not quite the same as human blood, but it works for us Pures, mostly because of how similar humans and monkeys are.”
“Where do you even get monkey blood in the first place?” I said, looking at the glass bottle in my hand again. “Do they sell it on Amazon or something?”
“There are certain vampire merchants who specialize in obtaining and selling all kinds of blood,” said Lucius. “I’ll probably introduce you to my merchant at some point so you can know where to buy your own. For now, drink up. Take off the lid and drink the whole thing. Trust me, you’ll feel a lot better after a swig of blood.”
I looked down at the bottle uncertainly. My vampire half craved it, but my human half—which, thank God, still seemed to be the dominant half—resisted. The idea of drinking blood, even if it wasn’t actually human blood, seemed like exactly the sort of thing the Bible would condemn. Of course, I didn’t know any Bible verses, Old or New Testament, that addressed blood lust, but still, for a moment I almost handed it back to Lucius because I didn’t think I’d be able to drink it.
But then my vampire half took over and I twisted the lid off the bottle and started drinking it. It tasted awful. Bitter, warm, and sticky, it was kind of like drinking melted licorice, except without any sweetness at all. I wanted to gag and spit it out, but my vampiric instincts were still working in overdrive, so I just guzzled the entire bottle, letting the blood enter my mouth and through my body.
Though the taste was awful, I started to feel different as I drank more blood. A fatigue I hadn’t even noticed went away, leaving me feeling fresh and energized. My surroundings suddenly became clearer and even more colorful, as if I was watching things in HD. I became far more aware of the power in my body, a new found strength I hadn’t even realized was there. I felt like I could lift a car over my head and break it in two with my bare hands and then run a mile and half without breaking a sweat.
Finishing off the bottle, I gasped and dropped it accidentally. The glass shattered against the floor, sending pieces of bloody glass scattering against the stone. That would have made me feel sick just looking at it, but I was so absorbed with my new intense sensations that it barely even registered on my radar.
“Are you all right, Tara?” said Lucius with a slightly amused smile on his face. “Did you enjoy the drink?”
I looked at Lucius and could not help but realize that he was also clearer to me, just like everything else. I became even more aware of his muscular body and handsome features, and if I still wasn’t distracted by the awful taste in my mouth, I might have felt tempted to do something I shouldn’t.
As it was, I managed to say, in a slightly tired voice, “It was great. Tastes like crap, but I feel wonderful.”
“I know what you mean about taste,” said Lucius. He grimaced at his own untouched bottle of monkey blood. “You get used to it after a while, but it’s not the same as actual human blood. Still, as you’ve discovered, it makes a good replacement.”
I licked the blood off my lips. I still didn’t enjoy the taste, but the actual act of drinking blood hadn’t been nearly as awful as I thought it was going to be. I still wondered if I was damned or not, but the way I saw it, I was probably already damned anyway, given how I was a half-vampire. I would just have to drink blood for now, even with all of the doubts I had about the morality of it.
“Now, then,” said Lucius, “let me drink my bottle and then we can start your first—”
Lucius was interrupted by a pounding sound coming from the other side of the door. We both looked over at the door on the other side of the room to see that someone was trying to force open the old stone door, though so far they weren’t having any luck.
“Lucius!” came a guttural growl of a voice on the other side in between the intense pounding against it. “Open up! I know you’re in there, because I felt your presence in the Castle as soon as you showed up.”
Alarmed, Lucius looked at me and said, in a whisper, “Uh oh. I think that’s the Chief. He must have come back from his mission early.”
“The Chief?” I repeated in an equally low whisper. “What should I do? Hide?”
“Nowhere to hide in here,” said Lucius, shaking his head. “The Chief would just sense you anyway. You need to go into the Shadow Way.”
Lucius grabbed my wrist and dragged me back into the dark corner. Before I knew what happened, he shoved me into the Shadow Way and said, “Don’t worry! I’ll come back to get you as soon as possible. You just stay there until I convince the Chief to go away.”
I staggered forward, almost tripping over my own feet, and then turned around to ask Lucius how long I would have to wait here before the door slammed shut in front of me, leaving me all alone in the Shadow Way with blood on my hands and lips.
***




It took a moment for everything that had just happened to sink in. Once it did, I grabbed the doorknob and started twisting it, saying, “Lucius? Lucius, are you there? Hello? Lucius?”
But no matter how hard I tried, the door just wouldn’t budge. I eventually gave up and stepped backwards, realizing that Lucius had somehow managed to lock the door on the other side. I didn’t even know it was possible to lock a door in the Shadow Way. Then again, given how I hadn’t known about the Shadow Way until just a few minutes ago, there were probably a lot of things I didn’t know about it.
Stepping back from the door, I folded my arms in front of my chest and sighed. How could Lucius just shove me out into the Shadow Way like this all by myself? Granted, I was alone, but I still hated being shoved into such a strange and new environment like this by myself. It reminded me of how Dad used to treat me when I was a kid, like how he would throw me into the deep end of the pool and expect me to learn how to swim back when I was five. This situation wasn’t exactly the same, but I had felt a sense of security around Lucius, due to his age and experience in being a vampire, but now I was all on my own and I had no way of getting back home or to Lucius without his help.
I told myself to calm down, however. Lucius would never abandon me in the middle of the Shadow Way like this. Clearly, he had just been taken by surprise by the appearance of his Chief, whoever that was, and had probably just shoved me into the Shadow Way without even thinking about it. All I needed to do was just wait a few minutes or however long it would take for Lucius to convince the Chief to go away. As long as no one else came walking down the Shadow Way soon, I figured I should be okay.
But my nerves were shot to hell and back when I heard a couple of soft footsteps behind me. I screamed and whirled around, holding my fists before me in a position I vaguely remembered from my martial arts class from high school, expecting to see another big vampire like that Bloodseeker standing behind me.
Instead, there was a small child of about five or six standing in the adjacent hallway, one hand on the stone wall, another hand touching its chin. The child—who seemed to be a boy—wore thin, dirty rags over his body, but from what I could see of his body, it was stick thin. His skin was pale, almost as pale as a vampire, and his black eyes shone from his skull-like face like bugs.
I recognized the boy as the one I had seen just a few minutes ago, when Lucius and I had been exiting the Shadow Way. I had thought that the child was just a figure of my imagination, but now that I actually got to see the boy, I knew he was as real as me or Lucius.
Lowering my fists, I said, “Sorry for screaming, but I thought I was alone and got surprised when I heard you. What’s your name? And where are your parents? Are you lost?”
The boy said nothing. He just stared at me with the blankest expression I had ever seen on a child. I wondered if this boy had been turned into a vampire recently or something, although his eyes weren’t red and his teeth were not fanged, from what I could tell. Yet there was definitely something off about the boy, something I couldn’t place, as if he shouldn’t exist at all, which was a rather silly thought. After all, just because he was creepy didn’t mean he didn’t deserve to exist.
Still, I wanted the boy to say something, so I said, in the kind voice I usually use when talking to kids in the Sunday school classes I used to teach, “Maybe I should introduce myself first. I’m Tara, Tara Lee. What’s your name?”
The boy just continued to stare at me and I thought he wasn’t going to say anything at all until he said, in a soft whisper, “Timmy.”
“Timmy,” I said, smiling. “Well, Timmy, do you know where your parents are? Do they know where you are?”
Timmy nodded. “Yes. My parents know where I am. Do your parents know where you are?”
I frowned. “What? I’m an adult.”
“I know, but you still have parents, don’t you?” said Timmy. “And do they know where you are?”
I paused, trying to make sense of this situation. Somehow, this little boy who couldn’t be more than six years old had managed to turn the conversation around where he was now asking me where my parents were as if I was a little girl who had gotten separated from her parents in the mall. Even stranger, Timmy seemed to understand the question. He wasn’t just parroting back what I said, like some young kids did. He actually understood what he was asking.
“Well, my Dad knows where I am,” I said. “But my Mom doesn’t, because she died ten years ago. She’s in heaven now, thank God, but I don’t think she’s paying much attention to what I’m doing here in the realm of the living.”
Timmy smiled, which made him look a thousand times creepier than he already did. “Are you so sure you’re in the land of the living, Tara? The Shadow Way has been described as bridging the gap between the living and the dead. Wouldn’t you like to see your mother again?”
“I’ll see her again when I get to heaven,” I said, though even I heard the doubt in my voice. Given my recent transformation into a half-vampire, I couldn’t be sure that I would be going anywhere nice once I died.
“You don’t sound so sure about that,” said Timmy. He held out a hand. “If you come with me, I can show you to the oldest parts of the Shadow Way, the parts that predate even the Origin and the Darkness. These parts will take you to the land of the living … or the land of the dead, where you can meet your loved ones again, no matter how long ago they passed.”
I hesitated. I now knew that Timmy wasn’t a six-year-old boy, that his name might not even be Timmy, but at the same time, I didn’t really care. There was something in his voice—in his tone, his choice of words—which awakened a desire in me I hadn’t felt in a long time: A desire to not only see my mother, but to let her hold me close like when I was a baby and tell me that everything was going to be all right. A desire to hear her read Bible stories to me again whenever I couldn’t sleep or hear her prayers whenever I went to bed at night.
“So?” said Timmy, whose voice was not even remotely human anymore. “What do you think, Tara? Do you believe me? More importantly, do you want to believe me?”
“I …” I hesitated, stumbled over the words, and then said, in a halting voice, “I want to believe you. I do believe you.”
Timmy’s smile widened until I could see his teeth were jagged and blunt, like the teeth of a rotting corpse. “I know you do. Everyone believes me after I talk to them for a little while. Everyone wants to see their loved ones again. You wouldn’t be human if you didn’t, now, would you?”
“No, I wouldn’t be,” I said, barely able to hide the desire in my voice. “I would be just a vampire, a soulless, bloodsucking vampire.”
“And you don’t want to be that,” said Timmy in a satisfied voice. “And I don’t want you to be that, either. So take my hand, Tara Lee, daughter of Richard Lee, and I’ll take you to see your mother. Just take my hand and you won’t have to worry about anything else ever again.”
I took one step after another toward Timmy, holding my hand out the entire time. I could barely think. It was like I was in some kind of trance, which I was vaguely aware of, yet I didn’t feel even remotely alarmed about it. Part of me felt like I was doing the right thing, but the thought of seeing Mom again drove all other thoughts from my mind. I was going to see Mom again, no matter what.
I stopped in front of Timmy, who still held out his hand. I reached toward him, my fingers drawing closer to his with each passing second. Timmy’s mouth was twisted in the ugliest grin I had ever seen, but I didn’t care because I wanted to see Mom again.
When my fingers were just a couple of inches away from his, two large, powerful hands clasped my shoulders and shoved me aside. I hit the floor hard and the fog that had clouded my mind immediately evaporated, making me all too aware of the fact that I was now lying on the cold, hard stone floor of the Shadow Way.
“Huh?” I said, shaking my head and looking up. “Who—?”
It was Lucius. He stood between me and Timmy now, an ugly, beast-like scowl marring his handsome features. Timmy had stopped smiling and was instead glaring at Lucius as if he had seen him before. Lucius was growling like a wolf, growling so loudly that even I felt afraid.
“Lucius?” I said. “What are you doing here?”
Lucius didn’t seem to hear me, however. His focus was on Timmy, who, despite being less than half Lucius’s height, nonetheless didn’t show any fear toward him.
“Lucius Red,” said Timmy, who sounded more annoyed than afraid. “I thought I would get a chance at the girl when you left her alone, but I suppose I should have seen this coming. You’ve always been protective of your partners.”
“She’s not my partner,” said Lucius in a voice full of barely disguised hate. He pointed over Timmy’s head. “Get out of here, now, before I decide to rip off that ugly grin of yours and shove it down your throat.”
Timmy’s smile returned when Lucius said that, except it was more amused this time. “Ah, but if you did that, you’d bring down the full wrath of the Strangers upon you and you would never be able to walk the Shadow Way again, at least without having to look over your shoulder the whole time.”
“I know,” said Lucius. “And I don’t care. You’re nothing more than a sneak and a liar. The world won’t hurt if you cease to exist.”
Timmy sighed. “All right. I’ll just find another naive human girl to manipulate. Sadly, there aren’t too many of those here, but perhaps, if I look hard enough, I will get lucky and find one. Maybe I’ll convince an equally naive vampire to bring one here.”
Timmy turned and walked away, but he did shoot me one last glance over his shoulder before he turned a corner and disappeared. I wasn’t sure, but his expression looked like one of pure lust, which looked disturbing on the face of a body that couldn’t be older than six.
***




Lucius held a hand toward me. “Here, let me help you up. You look shocked.”
I took Lucius’ hand and he brought me up to my feet without any effort at all. He let go of my hand, even though I really wanted him to keep holding it.
But even without him holding it, I felt a whole lot safer now that I was in his presence. I looked in the direction Timmy had gone and said, “What was that all about? And who is Timmy?”
“I’ll tell you back in the training room,” said Lucius. “It’s not safe to stand around in the Shadow Way for too long, especially talking about the Strangers. I don’t want any of Timmy’s friends to overhear us and attack. We got lucky with Timmy, but not all Strangers are willing to walk away from prey as easily as he is.”
Lucius walked back over to the door to his training room and I followed. We passed through the doorway and Lucius closed it shut behind us, even making sure to lock it. I was grateful that he did. I didn’t think Timmy would follow us into Earth, necessarily, but I liked knowing that there now stood a very sturdy door between us and that creep.
As Lucius locked the door, I looked around his home gym and noticed that we were the only two in here.
“Is the Chief gone?” I said, looking at Lucius as he finished locking the door and turned around to face me.
“Hmm?” said Lucius. “Oh, yes. He had just a few things to talk with me about, but nothing serious or time-consuming. You got lucky, because if he had had more important things to talk about, it’s entirely possible you would have been lost to the Shadow Way forever courtesy of Timmy.”
“Timmy …” I said. “You called him a Stranger, but I take it that doesn’t have to do with your familiarity toward him.”
Lucius folded his arms in front of his chest. “No, Timmy and I definitely aren’t strangers, though we aren’t friends, either. It’s the name of his people, the people who live in the Shadow Way and have made it their home.”
“The Strangers,” I said. “Exactly what are they? Are they vampires or sorcerers?”
“Neither,” said Lucius. “The Strangers are a very mysterious group of people. They were there when the Shadow Way was first discovered and they will probably be there long after the rest of us are gone. They’re a long-lived people with a mysterious connection to the Shadow Way that even our eldest vampire leaders do not understand.”
“What’s so dangerous about them?” I said. I put a hand on my head. “Timmy was playing with my mind, I think, but—”
“That’s what they do,” said Lucius. “They stalk the hallways of the Shadow Way, looking for any unaccompanied individuals who they can trick into following them deeper and deeper into the Shadow Way’s endless halls. What they do with such individuals, no one knows. All we know is that anyone who falls under the spell of the Strangers and follows them into the Shadow Way never returns.”
I shuddered. “Meaning I was just about to disappear forever before you saved me, right?”
“Most likely,” said Lucius, nodding. “And don’t let appearances fool you. The Strangers can shape shift and look however they want. You might have already guessed it, but Timmy isn’t actually a six-year-old human boy wearing rags and his name isn’t even Timmy. It’s just a fake name he gives people to trick them. He’s a particularly powerful and particularly old Stranger who I’ve met on more than one occasion. He’s one of the more talkative ones, however. The vast majority of Strangers don’t say a word.”
“How many are there?” I said.
“No one knows,” said Lucius. “We’re not even sure if they are one species or working together or if they’re just a bunch of individuals who happen to be similar. In any case, that’s why you should never travel the Shadow Way alone unless you know what you’re doing. Vampires and sorcerers alike have been known to be abducted by Strangers. They don’t discriminate when it comes to victims.”
I gulped. Part of me was glad that Lucius had saved me, but another part was still curious about Timmy’s claim. “Timmy told me that he could take me to see my mom. He said he could take me back to the oldest part of the Shadow Way, where death and life meet. Was he telling the truth?”
Lucius frowned. He looked like he was thinking about how to answer, which didn’t help my nerves in the least, because I had assumed that Timmy had been lying earlier and Lucius’ being slow to answer implied all sorts of things I didn’t want to think about.
Finally, Lucius said, “Strangers are liars, Tara. That’s what they specialize in. If you believe even one word of what they say to you, then you deserve whatever they do to to you.”
That was the most blatant dodge of my question that I had seen yet, but I was afraid to point that out because Lucius was stronger than me and I didn’t want to anger him. I made a mental note to ask Dad about this when I got back home. Given Dad’s status as a sorcerer, maybe he knew something about the Strangers and the Shadow Way.
“Now,” said Lucius, “why don’t we start with your first lesson? Come over here to the mat in the middle of the room.”
Lucius walked over to the mat and I followed. We stopped on the mat, Lucius at one end, me at the other. We stood an equal length from each other, about three feet, though it felt closer for some reason. Maybe it was because I was still distracted by Lucius’ good looks.
“Now,” said Lucius, putting his hands on his hips, “have you ever taken a martial arts class?”
I shook my head. “No.”
“Ever boxed?”
“No.”
“Wrestled?”
“Of course not.”
“Not even a basic self-defense class?”
“Well, no,” I said, folding my hands behind my back.
Lucius looked at me as if I had just admitted I couldn’t read. “So you have no self-defense skills or experience whatsoever?”
“One time, this girl in kindergarten pulled my hair and I punched her,” I admitted. “Does that count?”
Lucius sighed heavily and rubbed his forehead. “I forgot just how helpless most humans are. Some days I ask myself how such a weak species could have risen to dominance over the whole planet.”
“Well, God did give us dominion over the Earth,” I said. “And anyway, I’ve always lived in a safe community and had Dad to protect me. I’ve never needed to learn self-defense techniques.”
“Then you’re a target for everyone who is willing to use violence,” said Lucius. “Especially now that you’re a half-vampire. If Lord Taranas wants you, you will need to learn how to use your powers to defend yourself.”
I grimaced. “Like, learn how to fight? I’m not against violence or anything, but—”
“But as a woman, you generally dislike violence and fighting,” Lucius finished for me. “Yes, I am aware of the tendencies of the opposite sex. But you have no choice. Richard won’t be able to protect you from everything, especially if Lord Taranas is after you. Therefore, we’re going to do some combat practice for today.”
I rubbed my arm uncertainly. “Okay, I see your point. I guess we should get started, then.”
“Right,” said Lucius, nodding. “Do you have claws?”
“Do I have what?”
“Claws.” Lucius held up his hands, revealing sharp, dagger-like claws on each finger. “I don’t see any on your hands, but it’s possible for vampires to retract and expand our claws at will. Try to show me yours.”
I looked down at my hands. They looked more or less the same as they did prior to my transformation, but as soon as I thought about claws, my fingernails grew until they were about half an inch in length and sharper than a knife.
“Oh, come on,” I said, holding up my clawed fingers with dismay. “I spent hours getting my nails perfect yesterday and now they’re ruined.”
“Good,” said Lucius. “That means you have one of the most basic and useful weapons a vampire has: Their claws. They’re primarily designed to slit throats and make it easier to drink blood from victims, but they can be used for self-defense as well.”
I found the idea of slitting someone else’s throat, even in self-defense, disgusting, but I didn’t say that aloud. “All right, then, how am I supposed to use them?”
“That’s what I’m going to show you,” said Lucius. “Now, come at me.”
“What?”
Lucius gestured at his chest. “Run at me with your claws. Try to scratch my body in some way.”
“Are you sure about that?” I said. “What if I hurt you?”
“I promise, Tara, that you won’t hurt me,” said Lucius. “Even if you do, I’ve experienced far worse. Any blow you land on me will likely be about as painful as a paper cut, assuming I even feel it at all.”
“All right,” I said. “Here I come!”
I ran at Lucius, swinging my claws through the air wildly. Lucius didn’t move or even look particularly concerned about dodging me. He just watched me approach with his usual cool appearance, his arms hanging loosely at his sides. For a moment, I thought I was actually going to scratch him, because he didn’t seem at all likely to move and, if anything, seemed to have frozen like a statue.
But then right before my claws touched his skin, Lucius vanished in the blink of an eye. I stumbled forward, nearly losing my balance, before I heard movement behind me and turned around to see Lucius standing behind me. I tried to stab him, but he grabbed my wrists and held them up above my head, nearly lifting me off the ground in the process.
“Nice reflexes,” said Lucius, who didn’t seem to be straining to hold me up whatsoever. “Not as fast as they could be, but at least you know you’re supposed to turn around when you hear someone come up behind you. There may be hope for you yet.”
I would have said something, but I was too distracted by how close I was to Lucius to speak. His body was even bigger and more muscular up close and I desperately wanted to touch it. I knew I probably shouldn’t feel this way toward a vampire, of all things, but my feelings were winning the argument at the moment and I couldn’t pay attention to anything else.
Then Lucius dropped me without warning and stepped back. “All right, let’s try that again. This time, I won’t disappear like that, though I can’t guarantee that I will let you hit me.”
I stepped back to the other end of the mat, rubbing my wrists, which ached from where Lucius had held them. “I don’t, uh, need your guarantees. I’ll just hit you myself without any help.”
“Good spirit,” said Lucius. “Now, come at me again.”
I nodded and held up my hands, but before I could run at him, my head suddenly started throbbing with pain, and in the next instant, I found myself standing alone in an endlessly dark place all by myself.
***




“Lucius?” I called out, looking this way and that for him. “Lucius, where are you? Can you hear me? Lucius!”
But there was no answer from the endless shadows that surrounded me on every side. I couldn’t see anyone other than myself, either. I seemed to be all alone in a very dark and cold place that reminded me far too much of the dreams about hell I used to have as a young girl, except those nightmares usually had at least one other person in them but now I was alone. Granted, it was better than being with Satan, who used to appear in my nightmares, but it was still pretty scary.
At first, I thought I had somehow ended up in the Shadow Way again, but then I realized that this place was completely different from the Shadow Way. There were no hallways or old stone doors leading to various parts of Earth. Nor were there any creepy Strangers seeking to allure me into the Shadow Way to be forever lost in its winding and twisting hallways. It was just complete and utter blackness, sort of like outer space, but even space had stars and planets to break up the monotony.
But there was something familiar about this blackness, as if I had seen it somewhere before, but I couldn’t put my finger on it. All I could tell for sure was that I was alone and that I needed to find help as soon as possible, because I doubted I was going to be getting out of here alone.
Tara …
That whisper made me whirl around, my claws popping out of my fingers, but I stopped when I saw that I was alone.
But I did see a sword in a pedestal where the voice had come from. Its red blade and bat wing like cross guard made me realize that it was the same sword I had seen in the dream I had yesterday, after I’d been knocked out. I also remembered seeing this same black space in that same dream, making me realize that I was either having the dream again or else I was actually visiting the place I had seen in my dream somehow.
Like in my dream, I walked up to the sword and looked down at it. It was about three feet long and looked sharp enough to cut through stone. I wasn’t a big fan of swords or weaponry in general, but I had a feeling that this sword was a unique blade, that there was no other sword in the world just like it. I could also tell that it was incredibly ancient. Its pedestal was cracked and chipped in several places, though something told me that if I tried to remove the sword, it would not let me.
“How do you know that, Tara?” said a voice suddenly. “What if it is your destiny to wield the Sword?”
I looked around, but didn’t see the voice anywhere. But it was familiar. Deep and guttural, practically the polar opposite of a genuine human voice. I had heard that voice in the dream, too, but I didn’t know who the voice belonged to.
“Who’s there?” I said, looking around. “A Stranger?”
“A friend,” said voice. “Or someone who could be a friend, anyway.”
I heard footsteps in the blackness, and a second later, a vampire appeared on the other side of the sword.
This vampire definitely wasn’t Lucius. He was bigger and paler than Lucius, for one, and his hair was long and flowing, though not in a feminine way. He wore robes that reminded me of royalty, while the red hilt of a sword poked out from under his clothes. His eyes were red like Lucius’, but far crueler and more arrogant. His lips were stained with blood, like he had just finished eating, but the hunger in his eyes told me that he hadn’t been able to sate his hunger entirely on whatever he had just eaten.
I stepped back. “Who are you?”
The vampire bowed. “Lord Taranas, Lord of Blood, the one and only. A pleasure to meet you, Tara Lee.”
My eyes widened in shock. “You’re Lord Taranas? No way.”
“Believe what you will, but it is the truth,” said Lord Taranas, standing upright again. “I have chosen to meet you because I wanted to see the fruits of my offspring for myself.”
“So you did send your minion to transform me,” I said in surprise. “Dad was never the target, was he?”
“If by ‘Dad’ you mean Richard Lee, then yes, you are correct,” said Lord Taranas, nodding. “I was never interested in converting him. Even after two decades of retirement, the Hunter is too dangerous to try to convert. You were my target the whole time, though I admit it is a bit inconvenient that you killed the Bloodseeker I sent to convert you. Oh, well. I can always make more.”
I wanted to run, but because I wasn’t sure where I was or if it was even possible to escape Lord Taranas, I said, “I knew it. But I don’t know why you did it.”
Lord Taranas smirked. “You mean you haven’t figured it out yet? I know humans tend to be less intelligent than us vampires, but I would think you would have figured this out already, at least.”
“Well, it’s not like your Bloodseeker left a manual behind detailing your plans or anything,” I said, rubbing the back of my neck. “And anyway, your plan didn’t even work. I’m half-vampire, not full vampire.”
“Funny you should say that,” said Lord Taranas. “You see, I wanted you to become a half-vampire. That was the whole point.”
“It was?” I said. “No way. You have to be lying.”
“I never lie, young girl,” said Lord Taranas, shaking his head. “I knew that you would become a half-vampire if I had you converted. That’s why I’m not upset about the death of my other servant. Bloodseekers are weak in comparison to half-vampires, especially half-vampires who are the granddaughters of the Supreme Sorcerer.”
“The Supreme what?” I said.
But Lord Taranas apparently did not hear what I said, because he kept talking, saying, “Truthfully, I got lucky, because there was no way I could know if you would be transformed or not. There is a reason half-vampires are rare, and it is because most vampires try to kill rather than convert sorcerers. It was entirely possible that my Bloodseeker could have lost control and killed you on the basis of your heritage, but luckily he did not.”
“Luckily for you, maybe, but not for me,” I said. “So why did you have me transformed? What’s your end game? Are you hoping to manipulate me into doing your bidding?”
“’Manipulate’ is such a harsh word,” said Lord Taranas, shaking his head. “I prefer ‘control.’ I would like to control you.”
“Control me for what?” I said. “Do you want to use my power to take over the world or something? Because if so, then you’re out of luck, because I don’t know anything about my powers and I’m pretty sure I don’t have any special abilities that would help you take over anything.”
“What I want you to do is right in front of you,” said Lord Taranas. He gestured at the sword in the stone between us. “The Vampire Sword.”
I looked down at the sword and frowned. “The Vampire Sword? What is it?”
“A powerful weapon,” said Lord Taranas. “Possibly the most powerful magical artifact in the world. Certainly the most powerful magical artifact created by vampires. In the right hands, it could make its wielder the king of the world.”
“Then why don’t you use it yourself?” I said. “It’s right there.”
“No, it’s not,” said Lord Taranas, shaking his head. He gestured at the surrounding darkness. “We are not actually in the realm into which the Vampire Sword was locked away ages ago. This is all in your head, images I am projecting into your mind so you will know what I’m talking about. I’m not even physically present. I’m far away, so don’t think about having your Pure boyfriend try to hunt me down.”
“He’s not my …” I shook my head, trying not to let myself be distracted, and said, “Okay, so this is all in my head. Where is the actual Vampire Sword, then?”
“In another realm,” said Lord Taranas, “that is, a realm separate from Earth. At the moment, it is inaccessible to everyone, but I am working on opening a portal to it and have nearly succeeded. Once I open the portal, I will need you to come and join me.”
“Join you?” I said. “Yeah, right. I’m not going to join the guy who ruined my life and possibly damned my soul to eternal punishment. You can get the Vampire Sword yourself.”
Lord Taranas’ eyes narrowed. “Don’t be so quick to reject my offer, Tara. After all, you haven’t heard what will happen if you keep refusing to help me.”
“And what will happen if I keep rejecting your offer to join you?” I said. “Are you going to pout and call me names?”
“Much worse than that, I’m afraid,” said Lord Taranas. “I will kill your father, as well as anyone else you love.”
“You wouldn’t.”
“Again, I do not lie,” said Lord Taranas. “If you keep rejecting my offers to join me, then I will have your father executed. I might do it anyway, because the Hunter has been a thorn in my side for too long and it would do much to raise my standing in the vampire world if I slew the Hunter himself.”
I stepped forward this time, even though I was unarmed and nowhere nearly as strong as Lord Taranas. “If you kill my father, I’ll kill you, no matter what realm you’re hiding in. Do you understand?”
“Ah, there it is,” said Lord Taranas, licking his lips. “The blood lust, the anger, the desire to kill those who threaten your loved ones … yes, you’re already very vampiric. I cannot wait to see how much your vampire side eats away at your human half and what, exactly, you’ll be like once your frail human spirit gives way to the hunger which controls all vampires.”
I couldn’t stand Lord Taranas’ smug face anymore. Without thinking, I jumped over the Vampire Sword and landed in front of Lord Taranas. With a yell, I slashed at his face with my claws, but then Lord Taranas disappeared, causing my claws to hit nothing but empty air.
“I see you forgot that this is all just in your mind,” said Lord Taranas’ voice, which seemed to be coming from everywhere at once. “You couldn’t have harmed me even if I hadn’t disappeared. But good show nonetheless.”
“Show yourself, you ugly monster,” I said, rotating on the spot to try to find him. “Why don’t you fight me like a man? Are you afraid of a little girl like me?”
“I fear nothing,” said Lord Taranas. “It is you who fear. You fear that I will carry out my threat if you don’t do what I say, but you should really fear what will happen if I don’t carry out my threat.”
“What?” I said. “What the heck does that mean?”
“You’ll see sooner or later,” said Lord Taranas. “For now, I’m going to give you one week. If I do not hear back from you in a week’s time, I will assume you have rejected my offer and have chosen to oppose me.”
“How can I possibly contact you?” I said. “It’s not like I have your phone number, you know.”
“Simply go to sleep and dream,” said Lord Taranas. “We are connected, you and I, in ways that you cannot possibly imagine. Anyway, it is time for me to say good bye, Tara. Remember: One week.”
With that, I felt Lord Taranas’ presence leave. I stood all alone in front of the Vampire Sword before the floor gave out underneath me and I fell without warning, screaming all the while.
***




“Tara!” said a familiar masculine voice above me. “Tara, wake up. Please wake up.”
My eyes snapped open. I was lying on the mat in Lucius’ training room, staring up at the stone ceiling and Lucius’ face that was still too handsome for his own good. He was looking down at me with a mixture of worry and concern in his eyes, which should have made me feel happy and warm inside, but I was still too distracted by the dream or vision or whatever it was I had to think about how attractive Lucius was.
“Lucius?” I said, my voice groggy and slow. “What … what happened? How long have I been out?”
“A few minutes,” said Lucius, who sounded relieved that I was okay. “We were about to begin our second round of fighting when you suddenly lost consciousness. Luckily, I caught you before you cracked your head open on the floor, but you were out cold for a while there. I even thought you might have been dead, like perhaps your vampire side and sorcerer side killed each other during their struggle for dominance over your body.”
I put a hand on my chest, which was tight for some reason. “Can that happen to half-vampires? Can our vampire and sorcerer halves really fight each other?”
“I don’t know,” said Lucius. “The legends say that half-vampires are conflicted beings, but I’ve always assumed that that was because they didn’t fit in either the vampire or sorcerer world. I don’t know of any legend, at least, that speaks of a half-vampire dying in that way.”
“Then why did you tell me that?” I said in annoyance.
Lucius smiled in a mischievous way. “Just because I’m a vampire doesn’t mean I don’t know how to crack a joke or have a little fun.”
I punched Lucius’ arm. “Shut up.”
Lucius pulled back, but he was still smiling. “Lighten up, Tara. Being a soulless creature of the night destined for eternal damnation doesn’t mean that we can’t have a little fun.”
Scowling, I sat up and rubbed my neck in the spots where I had been bitten the day before. “Maybe I’m not in the mood to lighten up.”
“What happened?” said Lucius. “People don’t just randomly lose consciousness like that, you know.”
I hesitated and thought about what to say. I trusted Lucius. Maybe Dad didn’t, but I thought that Lucius was a decent guy, his vampire nature notwithstanding. He was already risking a lot just by having me here. He deserved to know what was going on just as much as anyone else, maybe even more given how he had been helping me from the very start.
On the other hand, I still didn’t know what to make of my meeting with Lord Taranas myself. Mostly, I found the idea that Lord Taranas has such direct and personal connection with my mind horrible, because it meant that my thoughts and dreams weren’t nearly as private as I thought. If Lord Taranas could speak to me through my mind from a distance, what was to stop him from taking control of me and forcing me to do his bidding against his will anytime he wanted?
But I decided to worry about that later. Right now, Lucius needed to know what I had experienced. Besides, he might be able to help me understand it better, given all of his years of experience being a vampire and all.
So I told Lucius an abridged version of the dream. Oddly, I had no problem recalling any of the details of the dream whatsoever, which was weird because I usually forgot the details of my dreams within minutes of waking up. Then again, it was more of a vision than a dream, which helped explain why I remembered it so well.
When I finished my story, Lucius steepled the tips of his fingers together, looking at the mat with a thinking expression on his face. He looked deeply troubled by this report, but not surprised, oddly enough.
“This sword,” said Lucius, looking up at me again, “Lord Taranas called it the Vampire Sword, yes?”
“Yes,” I said, nodding. “He said it was the most powerful weapon ever created by vampires, but he didn’t say what it could do. Have you heard of it?”
Lucius grimaced. “You could say that. All vampires know of the Vampire Sword, though few have ever seen it due to the fact that it’s been banished from Earth for ages, in a place where neither human nor vampire can reach.”
“What’s its story?” I said. “Who created it?”
“It was created by the Vampire Lord Nizara over ten thousand years ago,” said Lucius. “Nizara was the first Vampire Lord, who created the Vampire Sword in order to assert his rule over the vampires at the time. But then a rival Vampire Lord stole it and used its power to create a vampire civil war, which nearly wrecked the vampire community beyond repair. Nizara’s side eventually won, however, but Nizara took the Vampire Sword and banished it into another realm in order to ensure that its powers would never be used again.”
“And has its power ever been used again?” I said.
“No,” said Lucius, shaking his head. “There have been a few close calls throughout history—including one twenty-four years ago—but no one has ever been able to gain access to the Vampire Sword’s realm. And that is as it should be. Such a weapon should not be in the hands of any creature, human, vampire, or otherwise. And the fact that Lord Taranas wants it is … troubling, to say the least, though it confirms what the Council has long suspected about his true intentions.”
“Right,” I said. I rubbed my head. “But I don’t understand how Taranas—”
“Lord Taranas,” Lucius corrected.
I looked at Lucius in confusion. “What?”
“Vampire Lords are always referred to with their title before their name,” said Lucius. “Thus, he is Lord Taranas, never just Taranas. Lower vampires, such as myself, do not need to be called by any special titles, however.”
“Why do you care so much about what I call him?” I said. “You don’t like him any more than I do, do you?”
“It has nothing to do with my opinion of Lord Taranas,” said Lucius, “which, by the way, is quite low. I’m simply informing you about the proper way to address a Vampire Lord in vampire society. All Vampire Lords are given a certain amount of respect due to their position in the Hierarchy. It’s simple politeness.”
“Uh, right,” I said, though I still didn’t think that now was the time for worrying about politeness. “Well, anyway, I don’t understand how Lord Taranas entered my mind from so far away. Is he really just that powerful?”
Lucius shook his head. “While some Vampire Lords are strong enough to cast their mind across time and space, in truth, it is probably just your relation to Lord Taranas that allowed him to speak to you in that way.”
“My relation to him?” I said. “You don’t mean like family relation, do you? Because I’m pretty sure I don’t have any vampire relatives.”
“That’s not what I mean,” said Lucius. “You see, whenever a vampire converts a human, that human is considered part of that vampire’s Horde, whether or not they actually join it. Because conversion is how vampires reproduce, by being bitten by one of Lord Taranas’ vampires, you are now ‘related’ to him.”
“And what power does that give him over me?”
“Not as much as it could have,” said Lucius. “Because you were bitten by one of Lord Taranas’ Bloodseekers, rather than Lord Taranas himself, his control over you is very weak. That’s probably why he was unable to simply force you to come to his location.”
I sighed in relief. “Whew. I was worried that he might be able to control my mind or something.”
“On the other hand, it is plain that he can still mentally communicate with you,” said Lucius. “He may even be able to manipulate your emotions to make you more likely to do what he wants you to do. All Vampire Lords have that kind of power over their Horde.”
I put my hand over my mouth. “How do I know he isn’t doing that to me right now?”
“You don’t,” said Lucius. “And neither do I, for that matter. On the bright side, this has made us aware of a particular area in your training that we will need to address. If Lord Taranas hadn’t chosen to speak to you like this, we might never have been aware of it, which would have left a huge blind spot in your training.”
“I guess so,” I said. “But it still makes me feel … violated, like how I did when I was first bitten. Only this is even worse, because I can’t just take Dad’s gun and shoot Lord Taranas with a silver bullet.”
“But you can learn to block his mental intrusions,” said Lucius. “But it is definitely not an easy thing to do. It’s easier to learn how to fight in the physical world than in the mental world, but it’s obvious I will need to train you in both in order to properly protect you.”
“Okay,” I said, though without much enthusiasm. “Are we going to restart our training now?”
Lucius stood up. “Not now. I need to get you back home so we can tell Richard about this. He will be interested to hear what you learned about Lord Taranas. He may give us a unique view of it, given his experience as a sorcerer and vampire hunter.”
“We’re going back already?” I said. “But we’ve only done one lesson.”
“True, but this information is too important to keep to ourselves for long,” said Lucius. “Perhaps we can resume our training later or maybe tomorrow. Plus, I need to update my report to the Council with the information you’ve given me. I’m sure the Council will be quite interested to know that Lord Taranas is after the Vampire Sword.”
“Are you going to tell them where you learned that?” I said. “What if they ask for your sources?”
“Don’t worry,” said Lucius with a wink. “I’ve already got a story to give them, should any of them ask me where I learned it. Not that I expect them to, however. We already suspected that Lord Taranas is trying to overthrow the Council. It makes sense that he would try to get the Vampire Sword, because he could easily overthrow the Council if he got his hands on that weapon.”
“What about me?” I said. “He still didn’t tell me why he had me converted. He just wanted me to join him for some reason.”
“Probably because you are unique,” said Lucius. “And potentially powerful, as half-vampires have the potential to be even stronger than vampires or sorcerers. I can understand why a power-hungry Vampire Lord would want you.”
“But I’m so weak right now,” I said. “I’ve never even used a spell.”
“Note I said potentially powerful,” said Lucius. He frowned. “Still, even with all that potential, I fail to see how a single half-vampire would be helpful in taking over the world. The Vampire Sword by itself is more than enough to pose a threat to both the Vampire Council and the Sorcerer Parliament. Why he would need anything more than that, I can’t say.”
I wished I could answer that question, but at the same time, I didn’t, because I was afraid of what the answer would be.
***




Lucius and I returned to Dad’s house fairly quickly. Luckily, we didn’t see any of those creepy Strangers on our trip through the Shadow Way this time, though I had this feeling of being watched no matter where we went, as if someone was following us. Given how Lucius seemed more or less at ease, I decided it was just my nerves from my encounter with Timmy getting the best of me.
In any case, I breathed a sigh of relief as soon as we crossed the threshold into the spare room of Dad’s house, which was as dark as it had been when I’d left it, though the blinds on the windows were slightly brightened by the rays of the sun outside.
“Here we are,” said Lucius, letting go of my hand and stepping back. “You can tell Richard about your dream. I need to go back to Castle Wings to report what we’ve learned to the Chief and to the Council.”
“When will we resume our training?” I said.
“Tomorrow,” said Lucius, “unless the Council decides to send me somewhere in response to this information, but if anything happens, I’ll let you know so we can reschedule.”
I nodded. “Okay. See you later, then.”
Lucius nodded in return, but then paused and said, “Wait. I’ve got a couple of gifts for you. Here.”
Lucius pulled two bottles of monkey blood out of his jacket and handed them to me. “Your last drink should last you until tonight, but I want to make sure you have a couple of bottles on hand for emergencies anyway. It’s the best way to keep your thirst under control.”
I took the bottles and looked down at them. “Thanks. They look delicious.”
“No problem,” said Lucius. “Perhaps tomorrow, after our training, I’ll introduce you to my merchant. That way, you will be able to buy some yourself whenever you want, rather than relying on me to get some for you all the time.”
With that, Lucius stepped backwards into the shadows. Soon he was gone completely and I stood alone in the spare room, staring at the spot where he had vanished. I half considered running after him in the Shadow Way, because I still wanted to be with him, but that would mean risking getting lost in the Shadow Way, or even worse, ending up in the hands of Timmy or another Stranger. Lucius would be okay, I knew, but I wasn’t sure how well I would be while he was away. At least he gave me two bottles of monkey blood, which meant I wouldn’t have to worry about losing control of my blood thirst and harming someone.
In any case, I needed to go and see if Dad was home. I put the bottles down on the desk and walked over to the door and was just about to open it when I heard voices on the other side talking. I paused, my hand frozen on the doorknob, but unfortunately I couldn’t make out what the voices were saying due to the door being in the way. I recognized Dad’s gruff tone, but the other voice—though unmistakably male and younger than his—was unfamiliar to me.
Carefully, I cracked open the door just wide enough to peer through the gap and listen. I couldn’t see much aside from the hallway outside, but I could hear the voices better, which sounded like they were coming from the living room.
“… I insist on seeing her,” said the younger male voice, which sounded irritated and annoyed. “It’s what the Parliament sent me to do as soon as they learned about the vampire attack in your church.”
The Parliament? Given how this guy didn’t have an English accent, I realized that he must have been talking about the Sorcerer Parliament. Had the Parliament somehow learned about the vampire attack and sent someone to investigate it?
“I told you, Tara is still resting from the attack,” said Dad. He sounded less annoyed than the younger guy, but no less firm than he usually did. “She suffered some rather severe claw injuries and broke her collarbone. I cast a sleep spell on her to make sure she got the rest she needed and I don’t want to interrupt her body’s natural healing process.”
“The Parliament won’t accept that excuse, Mr. Lee, and you know it,” said the younger guy. “Some of the witnesses I spoke to claimed that the vampire had bit her in the neck, which means that Tara is at risk of becoming a vampire.”
“Most of the witnesses in the church were running around like chickens with their heads cut off,” said Dad. “I doubt most of them saw what they thought they saw. The vampire just pounced on her, but I managed to shoot it before it could sink its teeth into her neck. She’s still human.”
“Are you sure?” said the younger guy. “You know that vampires can spread their infection in other ways, yes? The neck is the preferred entry way for their infection, but—”
“Yes, I am well aware that vampires can spread their filth through other parts of the body,” said Dad, more than a hint of irritation in his voice now. “Trust me, I’ve forgotten more about vampires than you know. And I know that Tara wasn’t bitten or transformed.”
“Well,” said the younger guy, who sounded a bit offended now, “I can’t confirm that unless I see her and perform the requisite spells myself. The Parliament won’t take your word for it.”
“They’ll just have to,” said Dad. “I wasn’t under their authority when I was younger and I’m certainly not under their authority now. If they want to know about my daughter so badly, tell them to come and see her for themselves.”
“I’m not sure where that is supposed to go in the report I’m supposed to file.”
“It goes where every other stupid thing they want you to document goes,” said Dad. “Now, are you going to leave or did the Parliament give you permission to use force if I refuse to go along with your request?”
I put a hand over my mouth to stifle my gasp. I knew Dad could be strict and even tough when he needed to be, but the way he spoke to this Parliament guy was very different from how I had heard him before. I wondered what else, aside from his magical heritage, that Dad was hiding from me.
I heard a chair’s legs scrape back against the floor and then the younger guy said, “Very well. I will inform the Parliament that your daughter is injured, but unlikely to transform into a vampire, and that there is therefore nothing to worry about. I will also inform them that you were of no help in this investigation.”
“Tell them whatever you want,” said Dad. “I don’t care.”
“Fine,” said the younger guy. “But if the Parliament tells me to return, then I will, regardless of what you think.”
“So be it,” said Dad. “Now, do you want me to show you the door or not?”
“No need,” said the young guy. “I can see myself out.”
A bright flash of blue light suddenly filled the hallway, making me cover my eyes to avoid getting injured. Once the blue light passed, I lowered my hand and saw that the hallway was the same as before, though it was very quiet at the moment.
Then I heard footsteps stomping down the hall and the door was suddenly forced open, making me stagger backwards and almost fall on my behind in surprise.
Standing in the doorway was Dad, who wore an expression of surprise on his middle-aged features. “Tara? What are you doing back so early? I thought you were going to spend the rest of the day training with Lucius.”
“Uh, we finished early,” I said, leaning on the foot of the bed for support. “Who were you talking to?”
Dad frowned. “Just someone from the Sorcerer Parliament, a new kid I’ve never seen before. He came to investigate the vampire attack on the church on the Parliament’s orders. He wanted to make sure that you hadn’t been bitten.”
“Oh, that’s nice of him,” I said. “I didn’t know the Sorcerer Parliament cared about me.”
“They don’t,” said Dad flatly. “However, the Sorcerer Parliament does keep a close eye on vampire attacks in public places. This is partly to deal with any new vampire converts who are created during these attacks before they can get too powerful, but also to ensure that knowledge of vampires and magic doesn’t make it out to the wider world. I’m sure they were more concerned with this attack possibly revealing vampires to the world than with your wellbeing.”
“Oh,” I said. “But why did you tell him that I didn’t get bitten? I was bitten. I’m a half-vampire.”
“I know, but the last thing the Sorcerer Parliament needs to know is that you’re a half-vampire,” said Dad. “Trust me, it’s for the best.”
“But why?” I said. “What, exactly, would they do if they found out that I’m a half-vampire?”
Dad looked me straight in the eyes. “They’d kill you, plain and simple.”
“They’d … kill me?” I said. “Why? I haven’t harmed anyone yet.”
“It’s got nothing to do with whether you’ve harmed anyone or not,” said Dad, shaking his head. “It’s an old law, one of the oldest laws created by the Sorcerer Parliament. Half-vampires are to be killed on sight. There’s even a reward for whoever manages to kill one, a very handsome monetary reward that could make the person who got it rich enough to never have to work again.”
I gaped. “I didn’t realize just how much the Parliament hates half-vampires.”
“Half-vampires are considered unnatural freaks of nature,” said Dad. He sighed and leaned against the door jamb, folding his arms across his chest as he did so. “Like vampires, sorcerers generally don’t view half-vampires as people. It’s believed that half-vampires need to be killed as soon as they appear, before they can join with vampires, because half-vampires’ unique access to human magic combined with their vampire powers makes them too dangerous to live. To the best of my knowledge, I don’t think any half-vampires have been killed in over three hundred years due to their practical nonexistence, but the law is still on the books and will definitely be enforced if a half-vampire should appear.”
I gulped. “So that’s why you didn’t want to tell them about me.”
“Right,” said Dad. “That law never used to bother me when I was younger, but now … well, now it does, for obvious reasons.”
I felt touched that Dad had gone out of his way to protect me from the Parliament, but on the other hand, that meant I would need to be even more careful than before. If any sorcerer found out that I was now half-vampire, then I could be killed out in the open, if I understood Dad correctly. Between the sorcerers and Lord Taranas, it was starting to look like I might have to become a hermit and never leave Dad’s house again if I wanted to make sure I didn’t get killed.
Thinking of Lord Taranas reminded me why I came here in the first place, however, so I said, “Well, I’m glad you’ve kept me safe, but I have some important information to give you about Lord Taranas that I learned while training with Lucius.”
I explained my vision of Lord Taranas to Dad. I left out no details whatsoever. Just like when I told Lucius about it, I could remember it all clearly, which was how I knew it was no dream, because I never remembered dreams that well.
By the time I finished my story, Dad looked as if I had just told him that God didn’t exist. He put a hand on his forehead and sighed deeply, closing his eyes and grimacing.
“Are you okay, Dad?” I said. “Because if you aren’t—”
“No, I’m fine, Tara,” said Dad, taking his hand off his forehead and lowering his hand. “It’s just … this is bad news, even worse than I thought. I thought at first that Lord Taranas was after me because of my past, but knowing that he deliberately targeted you for transformation is even worse.”
“If it helps, I still don’t know why he did that,” I said. “And I have no intention of joining him at all.”
“I’m glad you’ve said that, Tara,” said Dad, “but this is still bad news, especially with the knowledge that Taranas is after the Vampire Sword. I should have expected it, given Taranas’ obvious goals, but it’s still a very bad surprise.”
“What are we going to do about it, then?” I said. “Run and hide until Lord Taranas gives up?”
Dad shook his head. “No, that won’t work. Taranas is not the kind of Vampire Lord to give up easily. He’d find us no matter where we hid on the planet. We’ll just have to get ready to defend ourselves, which means learning self-defense techniques.”
“Lucius is already teaching me how to fight, though.”
Dad snorted. “He’s teaching you vampire self-defense techniques, but I don’t think that will be enough if Taranas comes after you. Vampires can kill other vampires, certainly, but sorcerers have developed far more efficient ways of killing vamps. Follow me and I’ll show you one of the better ways to deal with them.”
With that, Dad turned and left the room. I followed him out into the hallway, squinting slightly at the light, but it didn’t hurt badly enough to make me want to go back into my room. I did look back over my shoulder, though, wondering about Lucius and how he was doing and hoping I would see him again soon.
***




The attic was dark, dusty, and abandoned. It had been years since I had last been up here—since the end of high school, at least, when I helped Dad move some of my stuff up here for storage when I moved out of the house—but when Dad and I climbed the steps up into it, I found that it looked much the same as it did all those years ago. Large cardboard boxes covered in thick layers of dust stood everywhere, broken up by the occasional piece of furniture covered in white sheets. The window was covered with a curtain, but Dad, perhaps out of respect for my vision, didn’t open it. Instead, he pulled a flashlight out of his pocket and used its beam to help him navigate the dusty old attic.
“Dad, what are we doing up here?” I said, looking around the attic in confusion. “You said you were going to show me how to kill vampires, but I don’t see anything other than a box labeled ‘TARA’S STUFF’ and my old guitar case.”
“I put it up here a long time ago,” Dad replied as he shoved boxes aside, obviously searching for something, “and it should still be here. That is, the way to kill vampires. Unless your mother sold it, but I don’t think she did, because I made sure she knew how important that thing was to me and what I would do if she did that.”
I couldn’t help but smile when Dad said that. Back when she was alive, Mom had a tendency to go through the attic about once every three months and sell anything she found up there either in a garage sale or online. Usually, Mom tried to stick with things we definitely didn’t need, but every now and then she’d accidentally sell something Dad or I needed and we would end up getting into arguments with her over it. She always tried to justify it by saying that we could just buy a new one or that we needed the money, but she never explained how I was supposed to use the fifty dollars she got for my old guitar to buy a new one when guitars usually cost hundreds of dollars.
Despite that, I had a lot of fond memories of Mom selling stuff she found in the attic or sometimes the basement. Maybe it was because she was dead, so I focused on the good times I had with her rather than the bad. Also, Mom’s habit of selling stuff in the attic usually helped clear out the attic and make it look less like, well, an attic. Dad had clearly allowed the attic to go back to being a glorified storage room, which was somewhat depressing.
Shaking my head, I said, “Can I help find it, Dad?”
“No, I don’t think so,” said Dad without looking at me. “I think I should be able to find it all on my—Ah! Here it is.”
I walked over to where Dad stood and looked down at what he’d found. Sitting underneath several smaller boxes was a large wooden box about three feet long. It looked old and seemed to be made out of solid oak. It looked like something from maybe the 1800s, if not earlier. A solid metal lock kept it closed shut, covered in the same thick dust which covered everything else.
“What’s this?” I said, looking at Dad.
“Don’t you remember?” said Dad, looking at me in surprise. “It’s my Treasure Chest. Remember? You used to be so curious about it when you were a kid.”
Now I remembered. Back when I was a kid—about nine or ten—I had been going through the boxes in the attic with Mom, helping her find things to sell, when I came across this chest. I had asked Mom what it was and she’d told me that it was Dad’s ‘Treasure Chest,’ that it contained a lot of Dad’s old treasures from his childhood. She wouldn’t tell me what they were, however, because she had said that that was Dad’s choice, but Dad wouldn’t tell me, either. He would just tell me not to worry about it and to forget about it and move on.
And I would have, if I hadn’t overheard Dad telling Mom an hour later not to touch the Chest or sell any of its contents online. Then I began making covert trips up to the attic as regularly as I could, trying to open the Chest to find out what was inside, but I never could open it, not even when I, uh, ‘borrowed’ Dad’s power tools. I could never find the key to the lock and even all of the lock picking video tutorials I looked up online failed to help me figure out how to open it.
After a while, I gave up trying to open it and went on with my life. Had Dad not shown it to me today, I probably would have forgotten about it entirely.
“Yeah, I remember,” I said, nodding. “It looks pretty much the same as it did when I was a kid.”
“Well, that’s because it hasn’t been moved or touched since then,” said Dad. “And I would have liked to keep it that way, but given this week’s turn of events, I’m afraid I’m going to have to break out Domination again.”
“What?”
“You’ll see,” said Dad. “Step aside. I’m going to open it and I don’t want you inhaling a bunch of dust, though I’m not sure if it would actually hurt you or not.”
I retreated a few steps from the Chest as Dad knelt in front of it. I expected Dad to pull a key out of his pockets and insert it into the lock, but instead Dad waved his hand in front of the lock and the lock popped open silently.
“Wait, you mean you had magically enchanted the lock to be unbreakable?” I said, understanding dawning in my mind. “That’s why I couldn’t open it when I was a kid.”
“Exactly,” said Dad. “Given how it kept even you from opening it, I think we can both agree that it was a smart move on my part. There’s no better security system in the world than magic, especially when you’re trying to keep something hidden from people who can’t or don’t know how to use magic.”
“You’ll have to show me how to use that spell sometime,” I said. “That could help me protect my apartment better.”
“Sometime,” said Dad, “after I show you what’s inside this Chest. “
Dad hefted the lid open. It must have been heavier than it looked, because Dad grunted when he opened it. And when it did open, it sent dust flying everywhere, causing Dad to hack and cough as he covered his mouth. I covered my mouth and nose, too, but it was probably unnecessary because I stood outside the range of the dust.
“Here we are,” said Dad, putting his hands into the Chest. “Just what I was looking for.”
Dad lifted something long and heavy out of the Chest. The object was wrapped in a thick blanket, but it was vaguely sword-shaped, though it could have also been a staff of some sort.
“What is it?” I said, looking at the object as Dad turned around to face me.
“An old friend of mine,” said Dad, looking down at the object in his lap with an expression of nostalgia. “Let me show you.”
Dad quickly unwrapped the coverings around the object, until he had stripped it completely, revealing the most beautiful silver sword I had ever seen in my life. The sword was long and sharp, but even in the dim light of the attic it shone with a light that I wasn’t sure was entirely natural. The sword had strange symbols running along its hilt, though they might have been spells of some sort.
But even though I thought it was an incredibly beautiful weapon, when I saw it, I also felt fear rise within me. It was the same kind of fear I experienced whenever I saw a snake in real life, which was causing my fight or flight response to kick in. Half of me wanted to pick up the sword and admire its construction, while the other half of me wanted to take that sword and destroy it.
“What is that?” I said, looking at the sword with a mixture of awe and fear.
“My old vampire-hunting sword,” said Dad. “I called it Domination. I killed a lot of vampires with this blade, including a Vampire Lord toward the end of my career. I used a lot of different weapons during my career, but Domination was my first and best weapon, always by my side even in the most dangerous situations.”
I said nothing to that, because my ‘flight’ response was growing stronger the more Dad talked. I wanted to run out of not just the attic, but the whole house, and put as much distance between me and that sword as I possibly could. But I stood my ground, keeping my fears in check, though that was growing harder and harder with each passing second.
Dad suddenly looked up at me, a questioning look in his eyes. “Are you afraid of Domination, Tara?”
“A-Afraid?” I said. “Well, maybe a little.”
Dad nodded. “I’m not surprised. Your vampire half must be reacting very violently to the mere presence of Domination. Silver is one of the deadliest substances to a vampire, so I imagine that your vampire half must want to either run away or destroy it outright. Doesn’t help that Domination is also a holy blade, which makes it extra good for killing vamps.”
“A holy blade?” I said. “What do you mean?”
“A Polish Catholic priest friend of mine blessed it one time when I was in Poland,” said Dad. He held the blade up, running a finger along its flat as gently as if he was petting a kitten. “That’s how it can kill Vampire Lords just as easily as Newborns. I wasn’t the only vampire hunter who used a silver sword in my day, but mine was the best bar none.”
“That’s … interesting,” I said. “But why did a Catholic priest bless a sword wielded by a Protestant?”
Dad smiled. “That’s a story for another time. For now, I want you to use Domination.”
I stepped back instinctively. “You want me to use your awesome old sword?”
“Sure,” said Dad as he stood up. He held Domination toward me with the kind of reverence he usually reserved for the Lord’s Supper. “By learning how to use Domination, you will be able to defend yourself more effectively from vampires than anything else you learn to do. I even still have the sheath.”
I eyed Domination warily. “If silver is so toxic to vampire skin, then won’t I hurt myself if I try to use Domination? What good is there in having a weapon that hurts you?”
“It’s true that any vampire who might try to use Domination would harm themselves, but you may be different,” said Dad. “Being a half-vampire, you might be able to wield silver-based weapons without harming yourself. At the very least, it’s worth a try, wouldn’t you say?”
I bit my lower lip. Every self-preservation instinct in me was telling me to run. It took every ounce of willpower I had to stay where I was, but I didn’t think I could gather more energy to actually go forward and touch the sword.
On the other hand, if what Dad said was true, then Domination would be an incredibly useful weapon. I might not even need Lucius’ training anymore, though given how ignorant I was of my vampire abilities, that was probably just me being delusional.
“Just touch the handle,” said Dad. “If it hurts—even just a little—I will put it back in the Treasure Chest and teach you other ways to defend yourself.”
Finally, I nodded and said, “Okay. But if it feels like touching a stove top, then I’m out.”
Focusing all my willpower on moving forward, I walked toward Dad and stopped in front of him. Domination lay silently in his hands, but again, I felt like I was about to pet a very angry rattlesnake. I almost turned and ran away, but caught myself at the last second and looked down at the holy weapon, which seemed scarier and scarier the longer I looked at it.
I didn’t want to touch it. I didn’t want to be anywhere near it. But I had no choice, because I’d already agreed to touch it and I was practically obsessed with the idea of having such a powerful weapon in my hands.
So I raised my hand and reached out, with one finger, toward Domination’s handle. It seemed to take ages for my finger to touch it.
Then my fingertip brushed against the solid surface of Domination’s handle … and nothing happened.
I looked up at Dad, a smile on my face. “It doesn’t hurt. At all.”
Dad’s face broke into a surprisingly wide smile, as if he had been waiting for me to say that all along. “Just like I thought. Your human half must be protecting you from Domination’s negative effects. That means you can wield it like a normal human, which means we need to get you trained right away.”
Dad lowered Domination and said, “Come with me. The attic is a bad place to train. We’ll train in the basement instead.”
***




Domination hung by the waist of my jeans in its leather sheath, as secure and snug as my pants. Dad had showed me how to attach it securely to my belt, but it was still awkward the way it hung at my side. Although Domination wasn’t a very heavy sword, it still added extra weight to the left side of my body, forcing me to stand very stiffly in order to avoid falling over. It helped that my vampire side made me stronger, but even then, I knew it would be a while before I became fully comfortable with Domination.
“How does it feel?” said Dad, standing across from me in the space we cleared in the basement for this purpose. “It’s not to heavy, is it?”
“No,” I said, shaking my head. I adjusted my belt. “It’s just a little different from what I’m used to, that’s all.”
“Understandable,” said Dad. “You’ve never used a sword in your life, but by the time we’re done with our training, you will be a pro. After all, you’ve got the best sword teacher in the world right here.”
I could not help but smile when Dad said that. “Dad, isn’t humility supposed to be a Christian virtue?”
“True, but there’s nothing wrong with being honest about your abilities,” said Dad. “Before we begin, however, I want to teach you about magic.”
I frowned. “Aren’t we supposed to learn about sword dueling? I thought that’s what you were going to teach me.”
“I am, but it just occurred to me that you don’t know anything about magic,” said Dad. “Lucius has already taught you a thing or two about your vampire abilities, but no one has taught you anything about magic. So we’ll start with that and move on from there. Plus, my fighting style incorporated sword-fighting and spell casting, so you need to learn both.”
“Well, I’d rather learn about magic than how to stab someone anyway,” I said. “It sounds less violent.”
Dad smiled in a way I didn’t like. “Yeah, blowing up someone’s head with a flick of your finger is definitely a lot less violent than stabbing or slashing them. Glad you’re ready to learn.”
I probably should have seen that coming, but now I couldn’t get the mental image of someone’s head blowing up out of my head. It made me think that maybe swords weren’t as violent as I thought.
“All right,” said Dad. He held up a hand and a small fireball suddenly appeared in the palm of his hand. “This is a basic demonstration of my magical power. A simple fireball, which is one of the easier spells to do and one of the first I’ll be teaching you.”
I looked down at my own hands, which were cold and pale. “How am I supposed to conjure a fireball in my hands? Do I need a wand or something?”
Dad shook his head. He started tossing the fireball from hand to hand like a tennis ball, which I thought was rather dangerous because of the possibility of him dropping it and setting the basement on fire. “Nope. While some sorcerers do use wands to channel their magic, it’s not necessary, and wands really aren’t the best way to channel magic anyway. Anything can be used as an object through which to channel magic, even Domination. But some objects are better for the job than others, so a wand specially designed to withstand the stress of magic would be a better tool than a stick you picked up off the ground.”
I rested my hand on the hilt of Domination. “So what is magic, anyway? I still don’t really understand it. I know you said it was passed down by blood, but I still don’t get it.”
Dad stroked his chin, apparently lost in thought. “Magic, broken down to its most basic nature, is the ability to alter the laws of physics in order to affect change on the universe through sheer force of will. The light of the Origin is what enables us to do this, though we still need proper training in order to utilize that light effectively.”
“But isn’t magic, well, sinful?” I said. “The Bible speaks against witchcraft, doesn’t it?”
“There’s a difference between magic and witchcraft,” Dad said. “Magic is a tool, one that can be used for good or evil, and it is nothing at all like the magic described in the Bible, despite the similarities. Witchcraft, however, is always evil and should never be practiced by any true Christian.”
“Witchcraft exists?” I said. “Does that mean witches exist, too?”
Dad nodded, though he wasn’t smiling. “Yes, though I would rather not talk about it at the moment, because that’s a whole other can of worms that will just distract us from what we need to do. All you need to know is that witches exist, but are not our friends and are never to be trusted no matter what.”
I had to admit that I was curious to learn about these witches and how they differed from sorcerers, but Dad spoke so authoritatively on the subject that I decided I would ask him about them later.
“Where was I?” said Dad. “Oh, right. Training. Yes, magic is inherent and is passed down through blood, but like any other talent, you need to put effort into actually developing it. Over the centuries, the sorcerer community has developed a six step training regiment for new sorcerers. This method has been developed and honed by thousands of sorcerers ever since the first sorcerer walked the Earth and is applied, without exception, to every new sorcerer.”
“What’s this six step program called?” I said.
“It’s called the Six Steps,” said Dad. “The ‘Steps’ refer to the progression each sorcerer makes, with First Step being the lowest and Sixth Step being the highest. Each Step also has a title, which are Apprentices, Journeymen, Acolytes, High Sorcerer, Magus, and Master Sorcerer.”
I nodded. “Where am I on the Path? Apprentice?”
“That’s where you would be, once you officially begin,” said Dad. “But remember, this only refers to your current level of training, not to your raw power or potential. Some Apprentices start out with a lot of magical power, sometimes more than Acolytes or even High Sorcerers, but the point of the Path is to help you refine your magical abilities in order to make them useful and constructive.”
“Can you increase your magical power at all?” I said.
“To some degree, yes,” said Dad, nodding. “It’s a bit like training at the gym. You will get stronger over time, but everyone has different limits and not everyone makes it all the way to the Sixth Step. The vast majority of sorcerers only reach the Third Step, because that level of magical understanding and skill is usually enough for most work that sorcerers do.”
“What Step did you reach?” I said. “Let me guess, Master Sorcerer, right?”
Dad chuckled. “You guessed right. It’s unusual for twenty-four-year-olds to reach Master Sorcerer at such a young age, however. Most Master Sorcerers are in their sixties and seventies, sometimes even older, because it takes a long time to reach that rank.”
“How did you progress so quickly?” I said. “Are you just really magically talented or something?”
Dad stopped tossing the fireball between his hands and looked away. “Yes, you could say that, I guess, though it helps that I had a lot of help.”
“A lot of help from who?”
“That doesn’t matter.” Dad looked at me again, this time with a more determined expression. “I want to get you started on magic as soon as possible, so let’s start with your first lesson.”
“Wait, don’t I have to be, like, inducted into the Six Steps or something first?” I said. “We’re not just going to jump in immediately, are we?”
“Normally, there is a ceremony all Apprentice sorcerers are supposed to go through in order to officially take their first Step, but truthfully it’s just a formality,” said Dad with a shrug. “Being a Baptist, I’ve never cared much for formal rituals and ceremonies. You technically take your first Step as soon as your training starts, so once we start your first lesson, you will officially be considered a practitioner of the Six Steps.”
While I was interested in finding out more about this ceremony you were supposed to do, I was also glad we were skipping it. While I liked formalities and rituals more than Dad, I was more interested in learning magic than doing rituals.
“”Now, let’s begin your first lesson,” said Dad. He held up the fireball, which still burned merrily in his hand. “We’re starting off with a simple fireball spell. It’s one of the simplest and easiest spells to learn, and once you master it, you will have the foundation necessary to learn other spells.”
“Okay,” I said. “I’m ready.”
“Good,” said Dad. “Now, hold out your right hand like mine with the palm lying open like this.”
I held out my hand, mimicking Dad’s pose as best as I could. “Like this?”
“Exactly,” said Dad. “Now, I want you to close your eyes and focus hard on summoning the fireball. You must will the fireball into existence, because willpower is the method through which we channel the Origin and change reality.”
I closed my eyes and focused as hard as I could on conjuring the fireball in my hand. It was hard to do at first, because I didn’t really know what it would feel like once I did it. Would I feel a fire burning within me? A power rising from my soul to make me feel stronger? Or would I feel anything at all? I wished Dad had said how it would feel once I did it, but unfortunately I had not thought to ask him that question prior to starting the first lesson.
But then, slowly but surely, I felt a small heat rising up within me. It started from my waist and made its way up through my heart and chest and into my right arm. It was a pleasant warmth, kind of like sitting in front of a fireplace on a cold winter day with thick blankets wrapped around you.
Its temperature started to rise, however, going beyond a mere warmth to outright heat. I started to sweat and felt my hand burned, which caused my eyes to fly open and see that my hand was literally on fire.
“Ah!” I screamed, shaking my hand up and down. “My hand is on fire! My hand is on fire! My hand is on—”
Abruptly, the fire covering my hand went out and my skin was no worse for the wear. I looked my hand over anyway, but I didn’t see any burn marks or anything on it to suggest that it had just been on fire less than a second ago.
I looked at Dad sheepishly. “Oops. Looks like I cut off the fire too soon.”
Dad sighed and rubbed his temples. “I’m not very surprised. It’s a common reaction for new sorcerers to panic at the sight of magic they’ve conjured. It must be even worse for you, because your vampire half isn’t going to take well to heat and light, given how those two things hurt vamps. Still, you managed to summon a fireball on your first try anyway, which is impressive for an Apprentice like yourself.”
“Thanks,” I said, though I still spoke sheepishly because I was still embarrassed. “So, um, should I try again?”
Dad nodded. “Yes. Now that you have an idea of what it will look like, you should be able to prepare yourself for its sudden appearance on your hand. Close your eyes again and let’s try once more.”
I nodded, but before I closed my eyes, a loud thunk came from the door to the basement. We both looked up the stairs at the door at the same time, but the door was still and silent.
“What was that?” I said, looking at Dad again.
“I don’t know,” said Dad, though I noticed his hands were balled into fists. “I’m going to go up and check. You stay here.”
Dad walked up the stairs to the basement door. I watched him go, hoping that it was nothing serious and that we would be able to resume my magical training as soon as possible.
Just as Dad lay his hand on the doorknob, the basement door exploded.
***




Dad went flying backwards from the impact of the blast. He fell down the stairs, smacking his head against the steps on his way down until he landed face down on the floor.
“Dad!” I cried out, rushing over to him and kneeling over him. “Dad, are you okay? Can you hear me?”
I quickly checked Dad’s pulse and found that it was still active, much to my relief. Even so, I could tell that Dad was in no shape to stand up. He might have even broken a bone or two, but I wouldn’t be sure until I woke him up later and asked him.
A low growl made me look up the stairs. Someone stood in the doorway at the top of the stairs, a hood drawn over their head, but as soon as I looked up at him, the hood and cloak dissipated like mist in a wind, revealing the massive, muscular form of a vampire with skin as pale as death and eyes a reddish-black color. He grinned when he saw me, displaying his fangs and his black tongue.
“Hi there, pretty lady,” said the vampire, his voice light and chatty. “Mind if I burst in? I hope I’m not too rude. I was just trying to see if anyone was home.”
“You,” I said, my voice trembling despite myself. “You’re with Lord Taranas, aren’t you?”
The vampire’s grin became more bestial. “I’m one of his Hordelings, yes. More specifically, I’m a Nosfer.”
“A what?”
“Just below Draculs in the Hierarchy, but above Bloodseekers,” said the vampire. “Which means you and I are brother and sister, given how we have the same creator. A shame, because you are indeed quite the pretty little thing that I wouldn’t mind playing with.”
I gulped. “Sorry, but maybe you can go tell Lord Taranas that I’m not interested in working for him.”
“But I’ve spent so much time looking for you,” the vampire said, spreading his arms. “First I went to your apartment and talked to your neighbor, who is almost, but not quite, as pretty as you. I will probably go back and bite her once I get you, but for now I’m interested in bringing you to our creator.”
“But Lord Taranas gave me until next week to decide if I wanted to work with him,” I said in alarm. “It hasn’t even been one day.”
“Lord Taranas is getting terribly impatient,” said the vampire. “He told me in no uncertain terms that he wants you on his side and wants you on his side now. The week deadline was probably just to make you lower your guard.”
I should have known. Dad always said that vampires were liars, so it made sense that Lord Taranas had been lying about giving me a week to decide if I wanted to join him. Even so, I couldn’t help but feel angry, not just at Lord Taranas going back on his word, but at this unnamed vamp for attacking Dad. Even though Dad was probably going to be okay, I couldn’t stand seeing him in such terrible shape.
“Then I’ll never join him,” I said. “You can tell Lord Taranas that I’ll join him over my cold, dead body.”
“Lord Taranas said you might be a difficult case, what with you being the daughter of the legendary Hunter and all,” said the vampire. He looked down at Dad and chuckled. “The legendary Hunter doesn’t look like much in his old age, does he? One blown open door and he’s knocked out. I imagine it would take only a couple more well-placed blows to take him out for good. And if I killed the Hunter, my name would be famous all throughout the vampire community.”
The vampire leaped down the stairs toward Dad, but I jumped toward him instinctively and tackled him in midair. The two of us went tumbling toward the center of the basement, where we briefly wrestled before the male vampire grabbed me and threw me off him like so much garbage. I landed on the floor several feet away from him, but quickly scrambled back to my feet as the vampire rose to his own feet, dusting off his pants as he glared at me with his inhuman eyes.
“You’re quicker than I thought,” said the vampire. “Although I don’t understand why you care about him. He’s merely a human, after all, and one who has killed more of our kind than any other vampire hunter in the world.”
“He’s my father, you idiot,” I snapped. “Lord Taranas may have made me into a freak of nature, but he will never be my father, not like Dad.”
“Disgusting,” said the vampire. “Is this how a half-vampire chooses to act? Defending a human who would, under any other circumstances, kill her under the delusion of divine justice? I am starting to think that Lord Taranas may have made a mistake when he had you created.”
“Lord Taranas has made a lot of mistakes,” I said. “Like you, for instance.”
The vampire scowled. “Very well. Lord Taranas just wants me to bring you to his lair. Killing the Hunter would be a waste of time in that regard. So I will teach you a lesson and then, perhaps, kill the Hunter afterward, if I have time.”
I held my claws up, but my hands were trembling despite myself. “Then bring it. I’m not afraid of you.”
The vampire smiled. “You will be.”
With that, the vampire vanished. He didn’t hide in the shadows like Lucius. He just disappeared, like he teleported or something.
Before I could fully comprehend what happened, the vampire appeared behind me, grabbed me by the neck, and slammed me down onto the floor. I gasped in surprise before his grip tightened around my neck, cutting off my air.
“Just as I thought,” said the vampire in my ear, his voice cold and deathlike, “you’re still about as competent as a Newborn. Having all that half-vampire power of yours is useless without knowing how to use it, after all.”
I gritted my teeth and tried to slash at him, but my arm was at a strange angle and I couldn’t hit him. Though I was incredibly strong due to my half-vampire nature, this guy was still much stronger than me physically. He was probably trying to knock me out, rather than kill me outright, but that wasn’t much of a comfort given how he wanted to deliver me to his master. Yet I wasn’t strong enough to throw his entire bulk off me the way that Lucius would if he was in my situation.
But unlike Lucius, I had a few tricks up my sleeve that no vampire did. I closed my eyes and quickly drew upon my magical power, trying to summon my fireball again. I felt the heat rise from within me and into my hand, and with a yell, I launched a fireball from the palm of my hand at the vampire.
The fireball struck the vampire in the chest, making him shriek in pain and jump off me. I immediately scrambled to my feet, while the vampire staggered away from me, clutching his now-burning chest with both hands.
“Damn it,” said the vampire, his voice full of pain. “That was a fireball spell. How—”
I smirked. “Half-vampire, remember? That means I can use human magic, too.”
I threw another fireball at the vampire, but he ducked at the last second and the fireball struck the box of books behind him. The box immediately burst into flames, which started to quickly spread onto the other boxes and wooden furniture in the basement.
“Uh oh,” I said as the flame in my hands died off. “That’s not—”
The vampire stood up and jumped at me again, but I dove underneath him and rolled away. I stopped on the other side of the basement near Dad’s unconscious form, while the vampire turned around to face me again, but had to put a hand over his eyes to protect them from the glow of the ever-brightening fire.
“Was this your plan all along, half-vampire?” said the vampire with a sneer. “Set this basement on fire in order to blind and perhaps burn me? Or are you just that clumsy?”
The light from the fire was starting to hurt my eyes, too, but I didn’t dare look away from the vampire for fear that he might attack me. “Actually, I was just trying to give you a hint of what hell will be like, because that’s where you’re going once I’m done with you.”
As surprisingly cool as that sounded, I really wasn’t sure I would actually kill him. The fire in the basement was rapidly spreading, and if I didn’t get out of here quick, all three of us would be burned to death. Even before the fires engulfed us, we would have to deal with the smoke, which was already starting to get bad. The vampire and I might be able to handle the smoke, but I knew Dad wouldn’t. Right now Dad was as far from the fire as you could be down here in the basement, but that would change quickly, so I needed to get Dad out of here as fast as I could.
Unfortunately, I didn’t think the vampire would let me go. He seemed determined to bring me to Lord Taranas, even if that meant risking his own life to do so. It would have been admirable if I hadn’t known that Hordelings generally do not think and are mostly the mindless slaves of their creators.
I had to end this fight, and fast. Yet the vampire was clearly faster and stronger than me. I had magic, true, but given how I had been the one to start this fire, I didn’t feel safe trying to throw another fireball again. I would need to try something else.
My hand fell on Domination’s hilt and I remembered that the sword was still sheathed by my side. The vampire didn’t know what Domination was. Most likely, he thought it was just an ordinary sword, but even if he knew that its blade was made of silver, he was probably confident that I couldn’t draw it fast enough to kill him. And that might very well be true, because unlike my magic, I hadn’t taken even one sword lesson yet.
But at this point, I was out of options. I would have to try to use Domination, regardless of my lack of experience. It was my only choice.
I stepped forward and gestured for the vampire to attack me. “Come and get me, then. Or are you afraid of getting burned again?”
The vampire sneered. “I’m afraid of very little, girl, but unlike you, my lack of fear isn’t mere bravado. Lord Taranas chose me because my bravery is real, honed from years of service to him. And all of those years Lord Taranas invested in me are about to pay off today.”
With a hiss, the vampire rushed toward me. He was probably moving too fast for the average human eye to follow, but being a half-vampire, I could follow his movements easily. I tightened my grip on Domination’s handle, ready to draw its blade at just the right moment, but I would have to be careful, because if I pulled too early, then the vampire would have enough time to dodge. If I pulled too late, then I wouldn’t be able to hit him. I had to time it just right, because I definitely wasn’t going to get any do-overs.
The vampire leaped toward me, hissing and snarling. With a yell, I drew Domination from its sheath and stabbed the sword into the vampire’s chest.
The vampire’s eyes widened, but the momentum of his jump still knocked us both down. He landed right on top of me and for a moment I struggled to push him off, thinking he was going to start strangling or biting or clawing at me.
But then I realized that the vampire had gone limp on top of me and that Domination was still jabbed straight through his chest. And that meant that he was dead, which meant that my gambit had paid off.
***




That thought normally would have filled me with joy or at least relief that the fight was over and that I had won, but the roar of flames reminded me that I still had bigger problems to deal with. With some effort, I shoved the dead vampire off me, leaving Domination stuck in his chest, and sat up to get a better look at the basement.
The fire had consumed nearly the entire place now. A good chunk of the boxes full of books were burning brightly, while grandpa’s old rocking chair had flames dancing all over it. The smoke was intense, covering most of the basement and making it hard to see anything. The smoke smelled disgusting, but oddly enough I could still breathe. Maybe being a half-vampire meant I didn’t need air like a human.
In any case, Dad was still a normal human, even if one who could use magic, and if I didn’t get him out of here fast, he would suffocate from the smoke. And even if I couldn’t suffocate, I could still be burned to death.
“Dad, wake up,” I said, pushing his shoulders. “Come on, wake up, the basement’s on fire and you’re going to die if you don’t wake up!”
But Dad didn’t even stir. Being hit point blank with a small explosion and sent falling down a staircase was probably too much for a man his age. That meant I’d have to drag him out of the basement myself.
I grabbed Dad by the shoulders and started to drag him up the stairs. He was lighter than I thought, though it was probably due to the fact that I was a lot stronger ever since becoming a half-vampire. For the first time since becoming a half-vampire, I was grateful for it, though I couldn’t be too grateful because I was the one who had been stupid enough to cause this fire in the first place.
Before I could get very far up the steps, however, an explosion ripped through the smoke and flames and sent a large chunk of debris flying toward us. I ducked at the last second and the burning debris crashed into the stairs ahead of me, leaving a burning piece of wreckage in my path that was almost as tall as me. I realized that the explosion I heard must have been the fire getting to the house’s gas, but I pushed that out of my mind for now in order to focus on getting out of this situation alive.
Letting go of Dad, I desperately tried to move the debris out of the way, but the fire burned my hands and the light from the flames around me was so bright that I had to cover my eyes to avoid getting blinded. The light from the flames probably wouldn’t have bothered me under normal circumstances, but being half-vampire meant I was more sensitive to intense light than I normally was. I knelt down on the stairs next to Dad, who still hadn’t stirred even one inch, as the flames crackled and roared below and the smoke grew thicker and thicker.
Damn it. I couldn’t see, everything was on fire, and Dad was still unconscious. At this rate, Dad and I would soon join the vampire I killed, although hopefully we would both go to heaven rather than hell, because the basement was already doing a pretty good impression of what I imagined hell was like. I might have been able to save myself if I really pushed, but there was no way I could save Dad at the same time and I definitely wasn’t going to leave him behind, either.
But what else could I do? I didn’t want to die and I didn’t want Dad to die, either, yet this seemed to be the fate in store for both of us. Too hot, too bright, too slow … this was exactly the sort of trap I would set for a vampire if I was going to do that and it was all my fault.
So I did the one thing I always did whenever I found myself in such a dire situation: I prayed to God for deliverance. Dad always scolded me about praying to God only when I was in trouble, which was something I tried to balance out by praying to God whenever things were going good for me as well, but now I didn’t care how selfish I appeared. I just cried out to the Lord, asking him to save me if it was his will. At the very least, if he couldn’t save a creature like myself that might be beyond even his grace, I prayed that he would save Dad, who was one of his ministers and deserved to live even if I didn’t.
But I didn’t know if God was listening. I was a half-vampire, after all, and, while my status was theologically unknown, I was pretty sure that God didn’t listen to creatures born of evil like myself. I just prayed that God would listen to me anyway, for Dad’s sake if not my own, but deep down I didn’t feel God’s presence and I wasn’t sure that I even could feel it if I wanted.
My prayer was interrupted by another blast below, which sent more smoke coming our way. I ripped off my shirt sleeve and used it to cover Dad’s mouth and nose, but I knew that was only delaying the inevitable. Sooner or later—likely sooner—the smoke would choke him to death and the flames would burn me to a crisp. I just hoped that one of Dad’s neighbors would notice the fire and call the fire department before it was too late. Perhaps they would be able to save at least some of Dad’s possessions so my screw up wouldn’t be as damaging as it could be.
But then I heard movement above and looked up to the exit. Though the smoke and flames made it hard to tell, I thought I saw someone standing in the doorway, though I couldn’t tell who it was. Had one of Dad’s neighbors noticed the flames and come running inside to save us?
The person rushed down the steps toward me. They smashed aside the burning debris between us and the door and stopped in front of me and Dad. The person wore a bandanna around their mouth and sunglasses over their eyes, but somehow I felt like I could trust him.
Without saying a word, the guy grabbed me and Dad and dragged us both up the stairs with surprising strength. Soon all three of us were out in the hallway, but our savior didn’t stop there. He dragged us out of the hallway and toward the back door, which he kicked open with one foot, and tossed both of us out into the backyard. Dad and I landed on the soft, still slightly dewy grass and I immediately inhaled the clear, smoke-free air.
“Oh my god,” I said, panting hard as I tried to breathe in as much of the good air as I could. I looked up at the guy who had saved us. “Thanks. But who are—”
The man raised his sunglasses just high enough for me to see two familiar red eyes. “Tara, it seems like every time I leave you alone for even one minute, you end up getting yourself in trouble. I’m starting to think you’re intentionally doing it in order to get my attention.”
I gasped in delight. “Lucius? Is that you? You look different.”
Lucius lowered the sunglasses over his eyes again. “I have to wear this get up whenever I’m in the human world, because I don’t want to draw attention to my vampiric features. It also helped protect my eyes and skin from the fire.”
I nodded, but then looked back at the house. The fire was still mostly confined to the basement, from what I could tell, but already I was seeing the smoke rising from the windows on the bottom of the house and I knew it wouldn’t be long before the flames engulfed the entire building.
I looked up at Lucius. “Lucius, we need to call the fire department before the house burns down.”
“I was going to ask about that,” said Lucius. “What started the fire? It wasn’t you, was it?”
I was about to tell him it was none of his business before the back door burst open again. A man on fire burst out of the house, screaming in agony as the flames ate away at his skin and clothing, holding a silver sword in his hands. I recognized him as the vampire I’d killed earlier, or at least thought I killed, yet somehow he had managed to get Domination out of his chest and escape from the basement after me.
“Who is that?” said Lucius in bewilderment at the flaming vampire standing on the back porch.
“One of Lord Taranas’ minions sent to capture me,” I said. “I thought I killed him, but—”
“You!” screamed the burning vampire, his voice distorted by the flames running over his body. He tossed Domination aside and raised his hands. “You bitch! I’m going to rip your head off your shoulders and present it to Lord Taranas as a gift!”
With a deeply inhuman roar, the burning vampire’s form started to change. Giant wings burst from his back, which immediately caught fire like every other part of his body. His body began to grow and expand, bursting apart the human clothing he wore, but it didn’t matter because thick fur started to appear over his pale skin, until soon we found ourselves face to face with what could best be described as a giant, flaming bat.
The fire bat flew toward us, screeching the entire time. It smacked Lucius with one of its wings, sending him flying into a nearby tree, which he crashed into hard enough to nearly topple it. The bat then struck me with another wing, sending me sprawling across the lawn until I crashed into Dad’s car, which was parked in the driveway behind the house. Dazed from the blow, I nonetheless raised my head in time to see the bat land in front of me and cover me with its huge wings, making escape impossible. The heat from its wings made my skin hiss and burn, not helped by the fact that the morning sun was high in the sky now.
“Lord Taranas will just have to forgive me for killing you,” said the bat with the most inhuman voice I’d ever heard in a vampire. “He can always start again with a new half-vampire elsewhere, if he has to. And if he is upset with me, then I will take it, assuming I survive long enough to see him again.”
I said nothing, because I was covering my eyes with my hands and I was overwhelmed with pain from the fire and light. I felt like I was lying inside an oven whose heat was turned up all the way. I wanted to fight back, but I was in too much pain to throw a punch, much less conjure a spell that I could use to beat him back.
The bat opened its mouth, revealing long, sharp fangs the size of butcher knives. But before it could bite me, the silver tip of Domination burst through the back of its head, causing it to choke briefly before the sword was ripped out. In the next instant, Domination tore through the bat’s neck, causing its head to fall off its body and land on the ground in front of me. The rest of the bat’s body also collapsed into a burning, stinky heap of rotting flesh, which rapidly started to turn into dust even as I watched.
But my attention was more on the man who stood on the rapidly degrading vampire body rather than the corpse itself. It was Dad, wielding Domination in both hands, panting and sweating like crazy, his glasses askew on his face and the sleeves on his shirt ripped and burnt at the edges.
“Dad?” I said, lowering my hands to look at him. “Are you okay?”
Dad nodded, but it was a very shaky nod. “I’m f-fine, Tara. I—”
All of a sudden, Dad’s eyes rolled into the back of his head and he fell forward onto the dusty remains of the giant bat, Domination falling to the ground beside him in the process.
***




Luckily for us, one of Dad’s neighbors—Mr. Tumlinson, who didn’t go to our church but who I had known for most of my life due to living next door to Dad’s house—had seen the smoke and called the South Side Volunteer Fire Department as soon as he realized something was wrong. The fire truck came not less than fifteen minutes later and the brave volunteer firefighters put out the fire before it got too out of control. As a result, they managed to save most of the house, though the basement was practically destroyed and I didn’t want to think about how much it would cost to clean and repair all of the damage caused by the flames.
As for Dad, the fire fighters took him to the hospital as soon as they saw the condition in which he was in. I went along with them, partly because I suffered from a few burns myself, but also because I didn’t want to let Dad out of my sight.
A couple of hours later, I sat in Dad’s hospital room, looking at him as he lay sleeping in his hospital bed. The doctor who worked on him said that Dad’s burns, while bad, weren’t lethal and that he would be fine as long as he took the right medicine and rested, though he was going to have to stay in the hospital for a while until they could be sure that he was going to be okay. In particular, they wanted to monitor his lungs, because they thought he had inhaled a lot of smoke and wanted to make sure that the smoke hadn’t left any lasting damage on his lungs.
The fire fighters asked me a lot of questions about the fire and I told them that it was caused by a gas leak in the basement, which I figured was the only explanation I could give them that wouldn’t blow the Secrecy Pact wide open. They didn’t seem entirely convinced about it, but I put on a good show of acting like I was too traumatized by the flames to remember every little detail, so they left me at the hospital for my wounds to be treated while they took care of the fire. They also left Domination with me, because I explained that it was an important family heirloom that I had managed to get out of the basement before the fire got to it and that I didn’t want it to leave my sight. Again, they seemed slightly skeptical about that claim, but luckily, they didn’t question it.
That was good. Sitting there on the chair next to Dad’s bed, with Domination in its sheath sitting across my lap, I didn’t want to give up this sword. It made me feel safe, even though I still wasn’t very good with it yet. It reminded me of how I felt whenever I read my Bible during troubled times, though that just reminded me that I had forgotten to bring Dad’s Bible from the house with me and his hospital room didn’t seem to have one handy. I felt guilty about that, but told myself that I would get it later, when I went back to the house.
But I sure could use the Word of God right now. Staring at Dad, I needed any confirmation I could get that things were going to be all right. Unfortunately, I wasn’t sure if reading the Bible would be very helpful at the moment. After all, I was the one who started the fire, albeit unintentionally. If I hadn’t started the fire, Dad wouldn’t be in this situation right now. We’d both be back at home training, with Dad teaching me how to use Domination and my magic, rather than here, with Dad unconscious and me feeling guilty for putting him in this situation in the first place.
My thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. I looked up in time to see Lucius open the door and enter the room, closing the door behind him on his way in. He still wore the bandanna and sunglasses, but he raised the sunglasses again to get a better look at Dad.
“Lucius?” I said, sitting up straighter in my chair. “What are you doing here? And where were you this whole time?”
Lucius lowered his sunglasses again. “I hid when the fire fighters showed up, because I didn’t think my presence there would be particularly helpful for you or Richard. But I came here as soon as I found out what hospital they had taken you two to in order to make sure you’re okay.”
“I’m fine,” I said with a shrug. “Most of the burns on my skin seem to have healed already.”
Lucius nodded. “Not surprising. Vampires have quicker self-healing abilities than humans, which is ironic given how we’re basically animated corpses. Or perhaps it’s your human half which is providing the healing. In any case, how is Richard?”
“Better than I thought,” I said. “Doctor says he’s going to be okay. I’m just surprised that he managed to gather enough strength to take out that vampire like that.”
“Well, there’s a reason he was known as the Hunter when he was younger,” said Lucius. “I thought he might have lost some of that spark in his old age, but he’s clearly still got it left in him.”
“And it must not have passed down to me, because I was useless for dealing with that vamp,” I said, looking down at Domination in my lap. “Even when I thought I’d killed it by stabbing it with Domination, it somehow survived long enough to try to kill me. How does that even work? I thought silver was supposed to be deadly to vampires.”
“It is,” Lucius said. “But only wooden steaks can actually paralyze a vampire when applied to the heart. As for outright killing us, you need to lop off our heads or shoot us in the brain. That’s about the only sure way to keep us down for good, otherwise we’ll just get back up and keep coming after you until you’re dead.”
I looked up at Lucius again. “Do I have some of that vampire resilience?”
“I don’t know,” said Lucius, folding his arms in front of his chest. “Given how you’re a half-vampire, you might very well be immortal. But that doesn’t matter right now. Tell me what happened in the basement of your house and where that vampire even came from.”
I hated the idea of reliving what I considered to be my greatest failure, but I decided that Lucius needed to know. So I told him everything that happened in the basement, starting with Dad training me in swordplay and spell casting and ending with Lucius’ dramatic rescue of me and Dad from the flames. It really didn’t take very long to relate, but I felt exhausted by the end of it because I still felt like it was all my fault.
“So Lord Taranas is getting impatient,” said Lucius once I finished my story.
“What?” I said.
“The Nosfer who came after you,” said Lucius. “He said that Lord Taranas had decided to do away with the week deadline and wanted you on his side now.”
“Uh, yeah, I guess so,” I said, rubbing the back of my head. “Is that significant?”
“It is,” said Lucius, “because if Lord Taranas is getting impatient, then something must have happened to make him change his plans. He clearly wants the Vampire Sword now, rather than later, and something tells me he isn’t going to leave you alone just because of this one little setback.”
“Of course he isn’t,” I said in a glum voice. “He’s just going to keep sending Hordeling after Hordeling after me until one of them succeeds. Hell, he might even come after me himself if he’s really persistent.”
“I agree,” said Lucius, nodding. “Lord Taranas is clearly not going to let you live your life in peace. Vampire Lords generally do not give up until they get what they want.”
I sank my head into my hands. “Then my life will never go back to normal. I’ll have to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder to make sure that Lord Taranas or one of his minions isn’t there.”
“It appears that way,” said Lucius, “unless you directly confront him yourself, that is.”
I looked up at Lucius. “What are you talking about?”
Lucius leaned against the wall, his arms still folded in front of his chest. “Well, if you can’t outrun him, then maybe you should come to him, but on your own terms.”
I gulped. “I don’t want to fight him. I can barely cast a minor fire spell without burning down a whole house, and don’t get me started on my pathetic sword skills. If I confronted him, I’d either die of fright or run away.”
“And if you refuse to confront him, he’ll keep coming after you,” Lucius pointed out. “It’s usually better to deal with enemies on your own terms, if at all possible. That way, you have a measure of control over the situation, even if your odds of success aren’t great.”
“I know, but I just can’t do it,” I said, shaking my head. I gestured at Dad. “Look what happened to Dad when I fought that vampire. I don’t want anyone else to get hurt because of my stupidity.”
Lucius tilted his head to the side. “Don’t you realize that Lord Taranas isn’t going to target just you? If you refuse to confront him, he’ll hurt everyone you know and love until he can get to you. Every friend, every family member, even coworkers and acquaintances … he won’t stop until he gets you.”
“Then I’ll run away and go somewhere else,” I said. “I’ll draw his attention away from everyone else. I’ll—”
“Tara, that won’t work,” said Lucius. He pushed himself off the wall and walked up to me, stopping in front of me. “Do you still not realize the true nature of my people? We’re not good. We’re not honest. We’ll use every trick in the book to get what we want, and make up a few new ones along the way. Things like family, friends … those concepts mean nothing to us. We just want power, especially Vampire Lords, and we’ll do anything to get it.”
I looked up at Lucius, surprised by the vehemence in his voice. “I know, but—”
“No, you don’t,” said Lucius, shaking his head. “If you knew, you wouldn’t be saying any of this. You would be agreeing with me, but you don’t because you’re afraid and ignorant.”
My mouth fell open. “Afraid and ignorant? Why—”
“I don’t care how that makes you feel, because it’s true,” Lucius cut me off without even the slightest apologetic look on his face. “Listen, I understand the pressures and stress you’re going through, but the only way to end this for sure—the only way to keep your father safe—is to confront Lord Taranas directly. It’s the only way to keep your loved ones safe. Can you do it?”
I looked Lucius directly in the eyes, even though I didn’t want to. And it wasn’t because of his hypnotically handsome face, either. I wasn’t even thinking about how attractive he was anymore. I was forced to come face to face with my own unwillingness to fight by looking at him. He was challenging me, challenging me to do the right thing, even though I was unprepared to do it.
So I looked away and muttered, “I’m sorry, Lucius, but I can’t. I just can’t.”
I half-expected Lucius to grab me by my hair and drag me out of the hospital room kicking and screaming anyway, but then I heard him say, in a soft voice, “Okay.”
I looked up at Lucius again. “Okay?”
Lucius’ expression had returned to its usual calm indifference. “I said okay.”
“Okay—?”
“I understand.” Lucius stepped away from me. “I can’t force you to do anything. If you genuinely believe you can’t face Lord Taranas, then so be it. You’re not the only person in the world who opposes him. I’ll find a way to stop him myself. Still … I thought you would be braver, given how you Christians are supposed to not let fear dictate your actions. Maybe your God isn’t as big as I thought he was.”
With that, Lucius turned and left the room, leaving me sitting all alone next to Dad, feeling even worse than I did before and wondering how I had managed to mess everything up so badly in such a short amount of time.
***




I wanted Lucius to come back and tell me that he had been joking, but I knew he wouldn’t. I didn’t know Lucius all that well, but I could tell that when he made a decision, he did it, no matter what anyone else thought. He didn’t care about convincing me to join him or help him. He was just going to go and confront Lord Taranas himself, with or without me by his side.
My arms hung loosely by my sides and I bowed my head. I was still convinced that I couldn’t beat Lord Taranas, but I couldn’t get Lucius’ disappointed expression or those last words—”Maybe your God isn’t as big as I thought he was”—out of my mind. Whatever amount of respect Lucius had had for me, I had blown it completely with my constant denials to confront Lord Taranas. Even worse, Lucius seemed to have less respect for God himself now because of my own cowardice.
But what was I supposed to do? I may have had more potential due to my status as a half-vampire, but I still barely understood even half of my new powers. Lord Taranas was hundreds of years old and at the very top of the vampire Hierarchy. There was no way that I could compete with that. I could cast maybe a small fireball, but then I’d probably be just as likely to burn myself as I was to burn him. And Domination was even more useless in my hands. It made me wish that Dad was conscious so he could go and do it instead.
But the fact was that Dad was unconscious and would probably stay that way for a while. And I couldn’t just leave him, either, because he was now in a very vulnerable state. There was no doubt in my mind that Lord Taranas would send someone to kill Dad in his sleep once he found out where Dad was. So even my plan to run away and try to draw Lord Taranas’ attention away from my friends and family likely wouldn’t work.
I looked up at the ceiling, wondering if God was watching this or not. When I prayed for deliverance back in the house, Lucius had appeared to save us, though whether that was because God had answered my prayers or it was just a coincidence, I didn’t know. God had endless grace and mercy on those who humbled themselves before him—it was one of Dad’s favorite things to preach about in his sermons—but I still didn’t feel worthy of asking him for help, especially after making such a fool of myself in front of Lucius.
Yet I knew Lucius had a point. He wasn’t right about God being strong, but he was right about me being weak. I was now starting to realize that this was all my responsibility. Maybe it hadn’t started out that way, but over the course of the last couple of days or so, that’s what it had turned into. The only way I could end this was if I went and confronted Lord Taranas himself, regardless of how skilled I was.
But I still didn’t want to. I didn’t want to face Lord Taranas, especially by myself. I wasn’t worried about being killed, per se, but about falling under his spell. He might be able to enchant me to serve him. Lucius may have been right that my status as a half-vampire meant Lord Taranas had less control over me than most of his Horde, but I was still very much a part of his Horde and I was afraid that if I got close enough to him Lord Taranas might override my will and take control of me.
Would I really have to confront Lord Taranas alone, though? No, not really. True, I wouldn’t have Dad or Lucius with me, but I would have God with me. That’s what Dad would say, at least, that we Christians are never truly alone because we always have the Holy Spirit within us.
But did I really have the Holy Spirit in me anymore? Was God actually on my side, given what had happened to me and what I had become? Or had God forsaken me because I was too dirty and unclean to even exist in his sight?
I looked down at Domination again. Without God, I would only have my nascent magical powers, my silver sword, and my claws. In the hands of anyone else, that might have been enough to deal with Lord Taranas or any other Vampire Lord, but in my hands, it was about as useful as a rubber duck.
My hands balled into fists and tears started to form at the corners of my eyes. Damn Taranas. If he hadn’t done this to me, I wouldn’t even be in this situation in the first place. I’d be back in my apartment in Greensboro, where I would be playing with my cat and chatting with Jane, getting ready for work tomorrow morning. Maybe I would have even met the love of my life and gotten married and had children.
But Taranas had taken that all away from me and now he had nearly taken my father away from me. And if Lucius was right—and I had no doubt that he was—then Taranas would continue to take away everything from me until I gave up and joined him.
I stood up, holding Domination in my hands. I attached the sheath to my belt, just as Dad showed me, and looked down at Dad. He looked rather peaceful, sleeping under the blankets that the hospital staff put on him.
Then I looked at the ceiling again. I still didn’t know if God was listening or not—I had no idea if God was even paying attention—but I decided to put my life in his hands, because whatever my doubts, I knew I couldn’t do this on my own. Dad always said we shouldn’t presume anything for God and that we should let him act as he saw fit. Well, I was going to let God decide if I was still saved or not, if I was worth helping or not. It would be nicer if I knew, but I also knew that you can never be entirely certain about God and that was part of what having faith was about.
For now, I had a Vampire Lord to kill.
***




Later that night, I stood alone in the South Side City Park, on the edge of the pond where I used to feed the ducks when I was a kid. It was almost pitch black tonight due to the heavy clouds overhead, though the weatherman said he didn’t think it would rain tonight. Not that I believed him. Those weather people were right as often as they were wrong. Not that it mattered, anyway, because I was only in the park to meet someone who would take me to see Lord Taranas, regardless of the weather.
Earlier that day, after I left the hospital, I contacted Lord Taranas through our mental connection. I told him that he didn’t need to keep sending men after me, that I would willingly come to him, wherever he was, and that I wouldn’t resist. I didn’t mention my plans to confront him and kill him, but luckily Lord Taranas didn’t seem to sense what I really wanted to do. He just told me to wait in South Side City Park at midnight by the pond, where one of his Hordelings would come to pick me up. He seemed eager—too eager—to have me brought to him as soon as possible, which made me dread seeing him more than ever, because I still wasn’t quite sure what he wanted with me.
So I’d spent the rest of the day staying out of the light and trying not to draw attention to myself until the sun set, at which point I made my way to the park, where I’d spent the last several hours waiting for Taranas’ minion. I wasn’t concerned about someone stumbling upon me accidentally. No one was ever out in the park at night, and even when someone was, they wouldn’t see me, because I could drape my form in shadow that was invisible to the naked eye.
That was a technique I’d learned almost accidentally when I got to the park. Because I had gotten bored waiting, I tried to test out the various vampire powers I had. Of course, I still didn’t know everything I could do, but I’d learned that I could manipulate shadows in such a way that they could conceal me from the rest of the world. It was even comforting to be wrapped in shadows in such a way, like covering yourself with a big warm blanket during a cold winter night, but at the same time, I stopped doing it because I worried that I was becoming too comfortable with my vampire side. I still remembered what Dad told me about how my vampire side was always trying to eat away at my human side and I didn’t want to make my vampire half stronger by using the powers it gave me.
I was crouching by the pond, occasionally skipping rocks across the surface, when I heard movement in the trees behind me. At first, I thought it was just a raccoon or a squirrel, because there were a lot of those in the park, especially at night, but the footsteps were too heavy to be those of a raccoon or squirrel. I looked over my shoulder at a particularly dark spot between two oak trees, and in the next instant, a vampire stepped out from between the trees.
The vampire looked similar to the one Dad had killed in front of our house, except smaller and even creepier. He might have been what Lucius called a Newborn, but I didn’t know for sure because I still didn’t entirely understand the whole Hierarchy thing the vampires had going on. All I knew was that his big red eyes and oily skin made me shudder.
“Hello there,” said the vampire, stopping underneath a low hanging tree branch, his hands put together like he was praying. “You are the half-vampire that Lord Taranas made, yes?”
I nodded. “That’s me, yeah.”
“Good,” said the vampire. He leaned toward me, his huge eyes scanning my body. “You don’t look very much like a vampire, but perhaps this is just how half-vampires look. It’s been centuries since the last half-vampire was created, after all, so maybe you are more representative of how they look than I thought. Not bad, really.”
The vampire looked at me with obvious lust, but I put a hand on the hilt of Domination and said, “Can we go now? Lord Taranas doesn’t strike me as a particularly patient person.”
The vampire snapped out of his reverie and stood at attention. “Yes, of course, you’re right. Lord Taranas told me to retrieve you quickly. Take my hand and we shall cross the Shadow Way.”
The vampire held out his hand, which I took reluctantly. Like all vampires, his hand was cold, but it was also slightly oily. It made me wonder why this vampire had such oily skin. Did he just not shower or something? Actually, did vampires shower at all? I wish I had asked Lucius that, but it was too late now and anyway wasn’t very important at the moment.
Then the vampire turned around and walked into the shadows. We passed into the darkness and in the next second were walking along the Shadow Way again. As we walked, I could not help but keep my eyes and ears open for any Strangers, but I didn’t see any Strangers anywhere. I didn’t even feel them watching us. Maybe even the Strangers feared Lord Taranas and didn’t want to earn his ire by attacking one of his Hordelings.
In any case, we soon stopped in front of a door, which the vampire opened and passed through without another word. I followed him and briefly found myself in darkness again before we stepped out of the shadows into a room I didn’t recognize.
It looked like the living room of a mansion. An empty fireplace stood against one wall, looking like it hadn’t been used in years, while two large windows gave a startlingly clear view of the sea outside. A huge chandelier hung from the ceiling, while the thick oak floor was covered with red carpeting. Above the fireplace was a painting from the 19th century of a man I didn’t recognize, though I assumed based on the quality of the painting that the man was the person who had built this mansion in the first place.
But the vampire and I weren’t the only people in the room. Seated in front of the empty fireplace, his legs crossed and a book in his hands, was none other than Lord Taranas himself. He looked exactly like he did in the dream I had about him: Powerful, big, and dangerous. He still wore the robes of royalty, but his red hilted sword now leaned against the side of his chair, rather than being sheathed at his side. I guess it would have been impractical for him to sit down with that sword attached to his belt.
As soon as we appeared, Lord Taranas closed the book and rose from his seat. He was even bigger in person, towering over me by at least two heads, if not taller. Yet when he moved toward us, he barely made a sound. It didn’t even look like his feet were moving. It looked like he simply glided across the floor, his robes trailing behind him on his way toward us.
“Tara,” said Lord Taranas, stopping in front of us and looking down at me with a smile I didn’t like. “We meet at long last.”
“We’ve already met before,” I said. I found it hard to meet his gaze for some reason. “Through our mental connection.”
Lord Taranas waved off my response. “Oh, that didn’t really count. Meeting people in person is very different from seeing them in a dream. You’re even shorter than I thought.”
Then Lord Taranas glanced at the vampire standing next to me and said, “You did well in bringing the half-vampire to me. You may leave now and help the others in preparing the ritual.”
“Yes, master,” said the vampire with a bow. He turned and walked toward a door, which he opened and vanished into before I could even register his movements.
I looked at Lord Taranas, a question in my eyes. “Ritual?”
Lord Taranas smiled. “You’ll find out soon enough, but first, why don’t we sit down and have a little chat?”
Lord Taranas waved his hand behind him and another chair, similar to the one he had been sitting down in, suddenly pulled up in front of the fireplace. It looked kind of like telekinesis, but I had no idea if that was one of Lord Taranas’ powers or not. I wished Lucius had taught me more about the full extent of vampire powers, but I’d just have to wing it and hope for the best.
Then Lord Taranas’ eyes darted to Domination and narrowed. “What’s that?”
“My father’s sword,” I said. “The one he used to kill vampires when he was younger.”
Lord Taranas’ lips turned in a displeased scowl. “Take it off your belt and drop it. Now. I don’t want you even thinking about using that blade against me.”
“I wasn’t,” I said. “I just took it with me out of habit.”
Of course, that was a lie. I fully intended to behead Lord Taranas with it, but the time wasn’t yet right to strike. I did consider for a moment, however, drawing Domination and beheading Lord Taranas right there and then.
But the moment passed and I unhooked Domination from my belt and tossed it onto the floor out of my reach. I immediately regretted it, because without Domination by my side, I had no way of defending myself from Lord Taranas.
“Good,” said Lord Taranas. “Now, come sit down over here with me and we can have a nice little chat while we wait for the ritual to be finalized.”
Lord Taranas glided back over to his chair and sat down, though he didn’t pick up his book again. I just walked over to the chair he had pulled up for me and sat down in it, though I hesitated at first because I thought it might be booby trapped. But when I sat down in it, nothing bad happened. The chair was actually pretty comfortable, conforming to fit my body shape in order to maximize comfort. I didn’t know if it was magic or if Lord Taranas had simply bought a chair designed to do that. Either way, it made me feel a little less tense, though not by much.
Lord Taranas leaned back in his chair, putting the tips of his fingers together. “How do you feel, Tara? Do you like your chairs? I made sure to have only the comfiest chairs money can buy placed in this mansion when I moved in.”
“You’ve got money?” I said, looking at Lord Taranas in surprise. “I didn’t know vampires used money.”
“When you’re over a thousand years old, it is easy to accumulate vast riches that most humans can only dream of,” said Lord Taranas. “Plus, I’ve got a few puppets in what you humans call the stock market who make sure to invest some of my money wisely. As a vampire, money doesn’t appeal to me very much, but I understand that money buys power in the human world and power is something that appeals to me very much.”
I bit my lower lip. Lord Taranas spoke of power in the same way that some people talked about sex. Given his obvious egomania, I bet he was turned on by power to some degree, which really creeped me out.
But I didn’t show how creeped out I was. I just glanced out the window at the sea and said, “Where are we? We’re not still in Texas, are we?”
“Yes, we are,” said Lord Taranas, nodding. He gestured at the window. “What you see out that window is the Gulf of Mexico. This mansion is located on the Texas coast on a private property I purchased some time ago and has been my base of operations ever since. It’s well away from most major cities and towns, and the people who live in the nearest small town have learned to avoid it like the plague, because several of their curious townsmen have, ah, ‘accidentally’ vanished whenever they come to investigate it.”
Based on the way Lord Taranas licked his lips when he said the word ‘accidentally,’ I had no trouble understanding what happened to those poor souls who came too close to his mansion. Even so, I found myself deeply disturbed and hoped that I wouldn’t see any blood-drained corpses lying around the mansion during my stay here.
“So it’s not very likely that someone will accidentally stumble upon us?” I said.
“Not very likely at all,” Lord Taranas replied. “And if they do, I will ensure that that is the last thing they ever do.”
I nodded to show my understanding, not my approval. “Right. Well, now that I’m here, what’s the plan?”
“The ‘plan’ is to wait until the ritual is complete,” Lord Taranas said. “Once it is, then I will take you down to the backyard, where we will start the ritual. Until then, I would like to ask what it is that convinced you to come to me directly like this.”
I looked down at my lap and began playing with a strand of my hair. “Well, that vampire you sent to my dad’s house was what did it. I didn’t want to put Dad or anyone else I love in danger like that again. I figured that if I turned myself over to you, that everyone I loved would be okay.”
“Love,” Lord Taranas said with amusement. “I should have known it would have played a role in your decisions. I keep forgetting that because you’re a half-vampire, that means you still have human emotions in you, unlike us full-blooded vampires, who do not.”
I would have made a snappy comment to him, but I didn’t want to accidentally piss him off, so I said instead, “Emotions are important for humans. Without them, we wouldn’t really be human.”
“It also makes you really easy to manipulate,” said Lord Taranas. “But I don’t feel like continuing this particular conversation. I simply want to congratulate you on making the right choice. It saves us all a lot of time, energy, and pain that we wouldn’t have been able to get back otherwise. And once the ritual is complete, then I will finally be able to finish my plans.”
“You mean the Vampire Sword,” I said. “Right?”
“Correct,” said Lord Taranas. He closed his eyes and balled his hands into fists. “I can see it, feel it calling me. The Vampire Sword has chosen me to unleash its power upon the world. The Vampire Sword only calls out to those it deems strong enough to wield it, and being a Vampire Lord, I am most definitely qualified to use it.”
“The Vampire Sword can talk?” I said.
Lord Taranas opened his eyes and glared at me as if I had just said the stupidest thing in the world. “Don’t be stupid. The Vampire Sword cannot literally speak in English or any other human language. It communicates through a deep connection to a person’s heart, soul, and mind. It doesn’t use words, but it is still very effective at communicating what it wants.”
I nodded, but truthfully I didn’t quite understand everything he said. Neither Dad nor Lucius had mentioned anything about the Vampire Sword being able to talk to people, but maybe it was a secret ability it had that they just didn’t know about. Or Lord Taranas had gone completely insane and had deluded himself into believing that the Vampire Sword was talking to him. Either one seemed likely to me.
“All right,” I said slowly. “If you need the Vampire Sword, then what role do I play in this? It sounds to me like the Vampire Sword is powerful enough by itself to allow you to control the world. I don’t see why you need me.”
Lord Taranas smiled, a chilly expression. “Simple. Though the Vampire Sword has chosen me to be the conduit through which its power will be poured on the world, I cannot actually wield it myself. You, on the other hand, can … and will. Gladly.”
***




I put a hand on my chest. “What do you mean, I can and will wield the Vampire Sword gladly? And why can’t you wield it yourself?”
Lord Taranas brushed back a portion of his long hair. “Let’s go back to the beginning. I’m sure you are aware that the Vampire Sword was forged over ten thousand years ago by Lord Nizara, correct?”
I nodded. “Yes. That’s what I was told.”
“And you are also aware, obviously, that Lord Nizara hid the Vampire Sword in a pocket dimension that no one can access save through a particular ritual he created.”
“Is that that ‘ritual’ you keep telling me about?”
Lord Taranas apparently didn’t hear what I said, because he continued speaking as if I had not said a word at all. “There is more to the Vampire Sword than all of that. You see, the Vampire Sword cannot actually be wielded by vampires. Or by sorcerers or humans, for that matter.”
I frowned. “Then why is it called the Vampire Sword if vampires can’t wield it? What happens if vampires do try to wield it?”
Lord Taranas held up one finger. “One, it is called that because it can turn anyone its blade cuts into a vampire. And two, any vampire who tries to wield it will instantly die. Even just touching its hilt without proper protection will kill the vampire unlucky enough to touch it. And if you do manage to touch it with proper protection, its magic won’t work and it will act like an ordinary sword. Good for stabbing and slash, but nowhere near as powerful as it could be.”
“Did Lord Nizara design it that way?” I said.
“Yes,” said Lord Taranas. “Lord Nizara believed that the Vampire Sword being banished into another universe would be more than enough to keep it from the hands of people who shouldn’t have it. Still, he was aware that a determined vampire or sorcerer might be able to open the portal anyway, so he cast a spell upon it to ensure that even if someone reach the Sword, that it would either kill the user or be rendered as powerless as a normal sword. A brilliant move, all things considered.”
“No one told me that that would happen if someone tried to steal it.”
“Because this particular fact about the Sword has been forgotten for thousands of years,” said Lord Taranas. “Even I didn’t know it until relatively recently, about a year or so ago, when I spoke with one of the oldest vampires in the world, who was living in Mount Kita, Japan, as a hermit who shunned the rest of vampiric society. This particular vampire had been young during the days of Lord Nizara’s reign and had even helped Lord Nizara forge the Sword, which was how he knew that little fact that had never been written down in any history books.”
“Wow, he must be really old if he was around during Lord Nizara’s time,” I said. “That would make him over ten thousand years old, wouldn’t it?”
“Would have made him over ten thousand years old,” Lord Taranas corrected. “He is no longer with us, mostly because I killed him after I drained him of every last secret he knew about the Vampire Sword. I didn’t want anyone else to find out about him and get information about the Vampire Sword from him. Knowledge is power, after all, and power is something I never share with anyone.”
I found it rather chilling the way Lord Taranas spoke so casually about murdering another vampire. I was starting to understand why Dad hated ‘vamps’ so much. “Then your plan is destined to fail, isn’t it? If neither vampires nor sorcerers can even touch the Sword without dying, then doesn’t that mean that you won’t be able to use it?”
“True, I myself cannot wield it,” said Lord Taranas. Then he pointed at me. “But you can.”
“How?” I said. I looked down at my hands. “Do I have a special power that makes me immune to the Sword’s abilities or something?”
“In a way, yes,” said Lord Taranas. “You see, Lord Nizara did not extend his spell to half-vampires such as yourself. In fact, he deliberately allowed it to be wielded by half-vampires, because half-vampires are extremely rare, and even when they do exist, they’re usually too independent to wield the Sword for anyone else. So I understood that if I was going to use the Vampire Sword’s power, I would need a half-vampire of my own … and you were the one I chose to make into my very own half-vampire.”
“But why me?” I said. “Why did you choose me specifically? Why not just any old sorcerer? Surely there are a lot of sorcerers out there who would make better half-vampires than me.”
“There are many out there who would make more powerful half-vampires, perhaps, but not many that would make half-vampires who are easy to control,” said Lord Taranas. He rested his hands on the arm rests on his chair. “Your lack of knowledge about magic and about sorcery meant that you would be easy to manipulate and would have a hard time resisting my orders. Even though you’re the daughter of the Hunter, the fact that your father didn’t train you to your fullest magical potential meant that you would be easy to control.”
I had to admit that what Lord Taranas said made sense, even though I didn’t want to admit it. In comparison to other sorcerers, I didn’t know much about magic and wasn’t much of a fighter. I could see why he would think I’d make an excellent target for manipulation, though I did feel safe in the knowledge that he still didn’t know why I was really here.
“I mean, look at you,” said Lord Taranas, gesturing at me. “Despite being the daughter of the most infamous, powerful, and magically gifted vampire hunter of all time, you are astonishingly weak. Even as a half-vampire, your power isn’t as high as it could be. Weak people are always easy to manipulate or boss around, and you are no different.”
“You do know that manipulation only really works when the person you’re trying to manipulate doesn’t know that you’re trying to manipulate them, right?” I said.
Lord Taranas laughed. “When did I say I would manipulate you? Now that you are here, I have no reason to play games with you anymore. I can simply force you to do whatever I need you to do and you will have no say in the matter. I don’t even need to use my mental connection to you to do it, because I know that you would never even think of disobeying me. After all, you wouldn’t want to put the life of your dear old dad in danger again, would you?”
I wanted to tell Lord Taranas that the only thing I was going to put in danger was his neck as soon as I got Domination back, but instead I said, “You’re right. I know that no matter where I run or what I do, you will always be able to catch me because you have no problem with putting the lives of innocent people in danger just to get what you want. It’s what makes you such a terrible creature.”
Lord Taranas chuckled. “I’d hardly call the most prolific vampire hunter in all of history ‘innocent.’ Nor do I view most humans as innocent, for that matter. Or I should say, it doesn’t matter to me whether they’re innocent or not. All humans are puppets to be used at best and food to be eaten at worst. That’s a lesson you will learn one of these days, Tara, as your blood thirst grows.”
“Well, I have no intention of drinking human blood like you guys,” I said. I folded my arms across my chest. “I’m going to be a Pure. I’ll get my blood from animals.”
“You can say whatever you want, young Tara, but it won’t matter,” said Lord Taranas. He raised a finger to the ceiling. “Under my influence, you will do exactly everything I tell you to, up to and including drinking human blood. Your defiant attitude is something I will break one of these days, as I have broken the attitudes of many vampires stronger than you over the years.”
I had no idea what Lord Taranas meant by ‘breaking’ my attitude, but I doubted it would be anything pleasant. “Look, I’ll do whatever you want me to do, but let me avoid drinking human blood, okay? I don’t want to have that on my conscience.”
“The conscience is the first thing to go for most vampires,” said Lord Taranas. “But this is irrelevant. All I need you to do for the moment is wield the Vampire Sword once we gain access to the dimension where it is currently being kept. We can talk about the other things I need you to do later, after we have begun the process of overthrowing the Vampire Council and, eventually, the world.”
I was about to respond to that, when all of a sudden the door to the room opened silently and one of Lord Taranas’ minions appeared, who did not appear to be the one from before. “Lord Taranas, I have come to inform you that the ritual is complete and ready for practice as soon as you are ready.”
“Excellent,” said Lord Taranas. He looked at me and smiled that same insane smile from before. “What are we waiting for? Let us go, Tara, go and make the world tremble at the name of Lord Taranas.”
***




The ritual that Lord Taranas kept talking about took place outside of the mansion in its backyard. I stood in the backyard of the mansion, still without Domination, staring up at a tall granite pillar which rose out of the center of the backyard like a sentinel standing watch on a city wall. The granite pillar was covered in a vast amount of ancient carvings and images that made no sense to me, though I noticed that one or two of them resembled bats while another one looked like a wand, but that didn’t help me understand what any of them meant.
All around me, vampires worked hard to put the finishing touches of the ritual in place. Lord Taranas had explained to me that the ritual required seven concentric circles of stone set up around the pillar in the center, the stones connected via lines of red dust which would help open the portal. That was the most basic way to understand it, but I felt like there was a lot more to it than Lord Taranas had left out. Or maybe I just didn’t understand magic enough to be able to figure it out on my own. It made me wish, once again, that Dad hadn’t hid my sorcery background from me for so many years.
As for Lord Taranas himself, he stood nearby holding a book in his hands that he was reading intently. The full moon was out tonight, but he probably didn’t need it in order to read, because like every other vampire in the world, including myself, Lord Taranas had night vision that allowed him to see in the dark as well as he could see in the day, if not better. His book’s cover was plain red leather, with nothing on it to indicate the contents or author of the book, yet Lord Taranas read it as intently as Dad read his thrillers.
I looked at Lord Taranas curiously. “What book are you reading?”
Without looking at me, Lord Taranas said, “An ancient vampire spell book, which describes the steps necessary to complete the ritual.”
“Why are you reading it now, just as the ritual is being completed?”
“Because I want to make sure I’m not overlooking anything important,” said Lord Taranas, not hiding the irritation in his voice. “It is a complicated ritual and one I do not intend to mess up.”
“How is the portal supposed to open in the first place?” I said. I looked at the pillar before us. “And what is so important about this pillar?”
“The Pillar of Blood is the most crucial part of the entire ritual,” said Lord Taranas. He closed the book and looked at me in annoyance, the same way my old seventh grade Sunday school teacher looked at me if I asked a bunch of dumb questions. “It acts as the ‘key’ to the dimension in which the Vampire Sword rests. Without it, we would not be able to open the portal and therefore be unable to get the Vampire Sword.”
“I see,” I said. “And where, exactly, did you get the Pillar of Blood?”
“You ask too many questions, you know that?”
I shrugged. “What else am I supposed to do? Just stand around and say nothing? It would be even more awkward than all of these questions I keep asking you.”
Lord Taranas sighed, but said, “I stole it from the Vampire Council’s Vault. That’s where they keep all of the most dangerous and ancient vampire weapons and magical artifacts, the kind which they don’t want the rest of the vampire population to have. It wasn’t easy, however, but it was well worth it, because with the Pillar of Blood in my possession, nothing can stop me now.”
I was about to ask what, exactly, the Pillar did when one of Lord Taranas’ minions walked up to us and said, “Lord Taranas, I have finished surveying the backyard, as you ordered, and have found that the ritual is ready. I have also set up guards at every corner of the backyard to ensure that no one interferes with the ritual once it starts.”
I looked at Lord Taranas. “Expecting company?”
“No,” said Lord Taranas, “but I’ve learned from the last person who tried to open the portal to the Vampire Sword that it is better to be safe than sorry in this situation. With any luck, by the time anyone knows what we did, the Vampire Sword will be in my possession and no one will be able to stop me.”
Lord Taranas sounded very confident, which made me feel afraid, because if Lord Taranas had the foresight to set up guards around the ritual, then I really couldn’t expect someone to save me. Not that I really did anyway, given how Lucius had basically abandoned me back in the hospital, but now it really was just me. Well, me and God, I suppose, but I didn’t even know if God was with me or if he was just going to sit back and let me suffer like the soulless beast I was.
“Now,” said Lord Taranas, turning to face me. “It is time to officially begin the ritual.”
I stepped back, unsure of what Lord Taranas was going to do, until he suddenly looked back at the vampire standing nearby and snapped, “Get the sorcerer we captured.”
“Yes, master,” said the vampire, bowing at Lord Taranas.
The vampire disappeared into the shadows, but then reappeared a few minutes later with a sorcerer tied up with rope. The sorcerer he had brought was a man in his thirties who was completely bald. His face was cut up and scarred in several places, while his clothing was ragged and torn, especially the shirt, which was just barely hanging on his body. His head hung on his chest, which made it hard for me to tell for sure if he was dead or just unconscious.
“Who is this?” I said, staring at the sorcerer with uncertainty. “A prisoner?”
“Not merely a prisoner,” said Lord Taranas, “but a sacrifice.”
I looked at Lord Taranas in alarm. “A sacrifice? You mean a human sacrifice?”
“Certainly,” said Lord Taranas, again without any hint of disgust in his voice. He gestured at the Pillar of Blood. “In order to activate the Pillar, I need to smear its surface with sorcerer and vampire blood. Therefore, I had my minions kidnap a sorcerer a couple of weeks ago in order to have easy access to as much human blood as needed.”
I grimaced. “Couldn’t you just use my blood? I’m a half-vampire, after all. Wouldn’t my blood count for both?”
“You would think so, but that isn’t how the Pillar of Blood works,” said Lord Taranas. “It needs sorcerer and vampire blood separately from one another. You can’t even mix the two on its surface. Besides, I would rather not inflict even the tiniest wound on you, because I will need you to be my efficient killing machine for the coming war.”
I hated the way he called me a ‘machine,’ but I was more distracted by the implication of how close we were to the opening of the portal to the Vampire Sword. Once Lord Taranas got the blood he needed, the Pillar would open and I would be forced to take the Vampire Sword. This would have been the perfect opportunity to behead Lord Taranas. Unfortunately, Domination was still back in the mansion, where I had no access to it whatsoever. I wished that Dad had taught me a spell to make objects appear in my hands from nowhere, though I wondered if such a spell even existed in the first place.
Lord Taranas glided over to the sorcerer and raised his head. “Wake up, human. The dawn of a new era is upon you and you shall be the first human to witness it.”
The sorcerer’s eyes flickered open, but they were strangely blank. “Who’s there? Why … why can’t I see anything?”
“We blinded you, of course,” said Lord Taranas with a low chuckle. “Part of the torture process we put you through. There was no real reason to do it, of course, but I’ve never been one to turn down gratuitous violence against humans.”
“Then why … why did you say I’m going to be the first human to see your new era?” said the sorcerer. His voice was extremely weak.
“It was a figure of speech, you imbecile,” said Lord Taranas, rolling his eyes. “Honestly, are all humans this dim or did we happen to get unlucky and pick out the dumber ones?”
“Let me go,” said the sorcerer, struggling weakly against the vampire holding him. “I need to leave. I need to get back to my family. They need me. They—”
Lord Taranas slapped the sorcerer across the face. It was an incredibly vicious action, causing the sorcerer to spit out blood and gasp for air. I even thought I heard something crack, like Lord Taranas had broken one of his bones, but I wasn’t sure. All I knew was that I could barely stand to look at Lord Taranas’ gratuitous displays of brutality against the sorcerer. I wanted to stop him, but I still didn’t think it was the right time to strike. Again, I wished that I had Domination, but until I could get it back, I would have to figure out a different way to kill Lord Taranas.
“Quit your whining,” said Lord Taranas as he lowered his hand to his side. “Your ‘family’ will be joining you soon enough, as will every other human on the planet. For now, I need your help.”
“My … help?” said the sorcerer, whose voice was slightly slurred due to the swelling in his mouth where Lord Taranas had slapped him. “What do you mean?”
Lord Taranas leaned toward the sorcerer and said, in a harsh whisper, “Your blood, of course.”
Without warning, Lord Taranas slashed the sorcerer’s throat, causing blood to shoot out of his neck. The sorcerer’s head bobbed down and the vampire holding him dropped his corpse on the ground, while Lord Taranas stood up, shiny red blood on the tips of his claws. Even though it was just a very small amount of human blood, I immediately became hungry for it. I wanted to not only lick the blood off of Lord Taranas’ finger, but also suck all of the blood out of the sorcerer. It took most of my willpower to keep myself from jumping on the poor sorcerer for a feeding frenzy, and even then, the thirst didn’t go away, despite the fact that I had had monkey blood earlier that day.
“Newborn,” said Lord Taranas to the vampire holding the sorcerer. “I need your blood.”
The vampire nodded and craned back its neck, which Lord Taranas cut with one of his claws. Disgusting-looking black blood leaked out of the vampire’s neck onto Lord Taranas’ finger, who took it and held it up next to the human blood that hadn’t dried yet.
“Excellent,” said Lord Taranas. “Vampire and sorcerer blood, exactly as the legends say. Time to apply it.”
Lord Taranas glided over to the Pillar of Blood and smeared the vampire and sorcerer blood over the Pillar in two quick strokes.
As soon as Lord Taranas smeared the blood over the Pillar, the Pillar suddenly started glowing a bright, blood red color. The red light exploded outward, forcing me to raise my hands over my eyes to protect my vision. Around me, Lord Taranas’ other vampires also turned away or covered their eyes, while I heard the sorcerer scream, “What’s going on? I hear something, I feel something, I—”
Without warning, a huge energy beam exploded from the Pillar directly into the sky. The beam struck a portion of the sky about a mile above us and a hole appeared in the night sky, energy crackling around its edges.
And standing within the hole itself—visible to every eye in the area—was the Vampire Sword itself.
***




“Yes!” Lord Taranas screamed, holding his hands up toward the Vampire Sword. “At long last, the legendary Vampire Sword itself! Even from a distance, it is the most beautiful weapon I have ever laid eyes on. Truly, it is a masterpiece of vampire smithing, the pinnacle of vampiric genius and weaponry!”
I had no idea if any of that was true, but I wasn’t really paying attention to what Lord Taranas was saying. Because as soon as I lay my eyes on the Vampire Sword, I suddenly felt something deep in my soul calling me to it. It wasn’t a voice—at least, not a human voice—but it nonetheless called out to me, urging me to fly up and grab the Sword. It was similar to the blood lust I felt when Lord Taranas cut the cheek of that sorcerer, except this was in many ways even more intense and took even more of my willpower to overcome.
All around me, vampires shrieked and danced in happiness. I didn’t know if these vamps were as happy as Lord Taranas because they had been working toward this goal for so long or if they were happy because their mental connection to him made them that way, but I did know that the sound of happy, dancing vampires was one of the most disgusting sounds I had ever heard in my life. I desperately wanted to run away, but I couldn’t, because I knew that Lord Taranas or one of his minions would just stop me from escaping if I tried anything.
But Lord Taranas’ back was to me, and all of the other vampires were too busy celebrating to pay particular attention to me. While I didn’t have Domination, I could still conjure a fireball and lob it at Lord Taranas’ head. If I got lucky, it might kill him in one hit and then I could find a way to turn off the portal to the Sword. At the very least, I didn’t think Lord Taranas would react well to having his head set on fire.
Just as I raised my hand to cast a spell, however, Lord Taranas whirled around to face me. He pointed a finger at me and said, “You. Fly up to the Vampire Sword and pluck it from its plinth. Then we will conquer the world together under my glorious name.”
Lord Taranas spoke in a very commanding voice, but I didn’t move. I hadn’t summoned a fireball yet, but I also had no intention of actually grabbing the Sword.
So I looked Lord Taranas in the eyes and said, “Sorry, Taranas, but I think your plans for world domination are going to need to be put on hold indefinitely.”
A fireball exploded in my hands and I threw it directly at Lord Taranas’ face. The fireball struck Lord Taranas head on, making him howl in pain and stagger to the side, clutching his burning face and trying to put the magical fire out.
With Lord Taranas distracted, I rushed toward the Pillar, hoping to knock it over and close the portal, but then a loud shriek to my right was followed by one of Lord Taranas’ Newborns tackling me. We hit the ground hard and I gasped for air, but the Newborn closed its hands around my neck and slammed my head against the ground. It snarled and growled in my face, but I managed to summon another fireball, which I shoved into its face, making the Newborn screech and let go of me. I kicked it off me and, rising back to my feet, tried to make it to the Pillar again, but I only got a few steps toward it before the Newborn whose face I’d burned grabbed my ankle, causing me to trip and fall flat on my face on the cold, wet grass.
I looked over my shoulder and saw the Newborn—its face now disfigured from the fire I’d shoved into its face—snarling and growling at me more than ever. I raised my hand and fired another fireball at it, hitting it in the face and making it let go of me. Once again, I jumped to my feet, but as soon as I did, I found myself surrounded on all sides by six snarling, snapping Newborns, their claws slashing at me from all angles and forcing me to dodge them as best as I could.
I was completely surrounded and outnumbered. I summoned fireball after fireball, firing them in every direction, but my aim was terribly off and I didn’t hit any of the Newborns. The best I managed was forcing them to keep their distance, but even that was not going to last forever. At some point, I’d either run out of energy and become open to attack or one of the Newborns would make it past my fireballs and attack me. It would just take one hit from them to knock me down and allow the rest of them to crawl all over me.
As I hurled another fireball to my right, my shoe caught on a stone protruding in the ground and I fell onto my hands and knees. The fall itself wasn’t jarring, but as soon as I stopped shooting fireballs, the Newborns moved in, claws raised and fangs bared. I raised a hand to shoot another fireball, even though I knew it was pointless at this point, before a loud voice shouted, “Cease your fighting!”
The Newborns all froze around me, and I didn’t blame them, because I recognized the voice. It was the voice of Lord Taranas, coming from the other side of the clearing. Panting and sweating, I slowly rose to my feet to see Lord Taranas gliding toward me, but in the light of the Pillar, he looked even worse than he normally did. I mean, normally Lord Taranas had that same kind of devilish good looks that Lucius had, but not anymore.
It was probably due to the fireball I threw in his face, because now Lord Taranas’ face was horribly disfigured. Though he had somehow managed to put out the fire, his skin was darkened and burned away in several areas, exposing the rotting skin and bone underneath. His bangs had been burned as well, while his lips were partially melted. The fireball I threw at his face must have been hotter than I thought, though it wasn’t hot enough, apparently, otherwise he would be dead.
But there was one thing about Lord Taranas’ face that remained the same and that was his eyes. They were still as red and evil as ever, only this time they were consumed with complete and utter rage. I genuinely worried that he might decide that I was more trouble than I was worth and kill me here and now. He certainly could do it if he wanted. Maybe being a half-vampire meant that I was stronger than him, but Lord Taranas had more experience than me and a better grasp of vampire power. In a straight fight, I wouldn’t be able to beat him.
The Newborns parted to allow Lord Taranas to enter the circle they had created around me and then reformed the circle as soon as he entered. I stepped back, but I couldn’t go backwards more than a few steps due to the Newborns around us. Lord Taranas stopped less than a foot away from me and looked down at me to meet my eyes.
“Clever girl,” said Lord Taranas, his voice full of hatred. “I admit, I didn’t think you had that kind of last minute courage in you. I thought for sure that you were too weak to even consider rebelling against me, especially so late in the plan. You’re obviously more strong-willed than you look.”
“Maybe I am,” I said. I summoned two fireballs in my hands. “And I’m more than willing to give up my life to take you down. I’m not going to wield the Vampire Sword for you. You’ll have to kill me first.”
Lord Taranas’ hands balled into fists. I figured he was going to start beating on me, so I was ready to start throwing fireballs at him. I couldn’t be sure if the Newborns would help him or if they would just stand back and watch, but either way, I would go down fighting.
Finally, however, Lord Taranas uncurled his fists and said, “Very well. I can see that I underestimated your will. You are clearly ready to fight to the death over this issue, rather than submit as you should. An admirable attitude in some ways, but in others, quite inconvenient.”
Taken by surprise by Lord Taranas’ relatively lax attitude, I said, “Wait, are you going to let me go?”
Lord Taranas smiled. “Just because I can respect your attitude doesn’t mean I’m just going to throw out all of my plans. If I can’t make you willingly serve me, then I’ll make you serve me unwillingly.”
Lord Taranas snapped his fingers.
A sharp pain exploded in the back of my head. The fireballs in my hands immediately went out and I grabbed the back of my head, crying out in pain as I fell to my knees. It felt like someone was grabbing my brain, squeezing and twisting it into all kinds of shapes. It was the most violated I had ever felt in my life and I wanted it to just stop.
“What … what are you doing to me?” I said, my voice straining. “Killing me?”
“Killing you would be emotionally satisfying, but certainly wouldn’t help me use the Vampire Sword,” said Lord Taranas, shaking his head. “No, I’m merely breaking your will, forcing you to bow to me. You are technically one of my Hordelings, after all, and every Hordeling is subject to my leadership. It is the same reason why we have that mental connection, only this time I’m exploiting it in a way you don’t like.”
I would have said that I didn’t like talking to him mentally anyway, but the pain became so sharp that I couldn’t even speak. All I could do was groan and moan, grabbing my head as tightly as possible, gasping for air and feeling my body become drenched in sweat. I was resisting as best as I could, but I could feel my resistance breaking. Soon, perhaps in seconds, Lord Taranas would break my will and have complete and utter control over my body, mind, and soul. I would soon become just like one of his Newborns, a mindless creature that lives only to serve his twisted ends.
Despite the pain, despite how intense it felt, all I could do was pray to God. I cried out to him to save me, even if I was condemned from his sight, and, if not save me, then at least grant me relief from this horrible pain. But I knew, in my heart of hearts, that God wasn’t listening, that he would never listen to a creature like me that existed outside of his grace.
Just before my will snapped entirely, I heard a loud screeching sound. It sounded like one of the Newborns, except it was screeching in horrible, agonizing pain, as if it was being tortured to death somewhere nearby. Despite my own hatred toward the Newborns, I could not help but feel bad about the poor creature’s obvious agony.
Then, without warning, something round flew out of nowhere and struck Lord Taranas in the chest. Lord Taranas gasped in surprise and stepped backwards, his concentration shattered. Then the intense pressure on my mind lifted instantly, bringing immediate relief to not just my mind, but my body and soul as well.
“What in the world was that?” said Lord Taranas, looking down at the round object which had been thrown at him. “Who threw that at me?”
I also looked at the round object which lay on the ground between us and immediately wished I hadn’t, because I found myself staring at the decapitated head of a Newborn vampire. Its face was frozen in an expression of pure agony and fear, black blood leaking out of its neck. As I stared at it, the head slowly started to decompose, until soon it was just a pile of gray ash in the grass that smelled like death.
Then I heard my screeching behind me and looked over my shoulder to see someone fly over the surrounding Newborns and land next to me. As the figure stood up, I got a good look at his handsome face in the light of the Pillar and gasped, unable to believe my eyes.
“Lucius?” I said, staring at him in utter disbelief. “Is that you?”
Lucius looked down at me and smiled. “Of course. And I’m here to help you stop Lord Taranas’ plans once and for all.”
***




“Lucius?” said Lord Taranas, before I could say anything else. “Lucius Red? The famous Order spy himself?”
Lucius looked at Lord Taranas, showing not even a hint of fear before the Vampire Lord. “I didn’t know I was famous. Maybe I’m not as good a spy as I think I am.”
“I know who you are because you were the one who stopped Lady Hisara from getting the Vampire Sword twenty-four years ago,” said Lord Taranas. “You and the Hunter worked together to do that.”
“What can I say?” said Lucius with a shrug. “Desperate times call for desperate measures.”
I pretty much ignored Lord Taranas in order to focus on Lucius. I rose to my feet as quickly as I could, saying at the same time, “Lucius, why are you here? I thought you didn’t want anything to do with me anymore after the attack on Dad’s house.”
“If it helps, I didn’t come here to save you specifically,” said Lucius. “I was always planning to take down Lord Taranas. When I found out that you were going to meet him tonight, I simply followed you to the meeting place and then through the Shadow Way to where Lord Taranas’ base is. I’ve been hiding on the margins of the yard ever since, watching and waiting for the right time to strike.”
“You mean you were following me without me knowing?” I should have been offended by that, but I was too grateful for Lucius’ appearance here to care.
Lucius shrugged. “I don’t see what’s so bad about that. After all, now that I’m here, you and I can put an end to Lord Taranas.”
Lord Taranas sneered. “What arrogant foolishness, but I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised. You Pures always act like you’re superior to the rest of us. An unearned sense of superiority is the defining feature of the ‘Pure’ vampire.”
“I think you’re projecting a bit there, Lord Taranas,” said Lucius, folding his arms in front of his chest. “I am but a humble servant of the Vampire Council. You, on the other hand, are planning to overthrow the Vampire Council and establish your dominion over the whole world. Tell me which one is more arrogant.”
“It doesn’t matter,” said Lord Taranas. “I am above humility and arrogance, or soon will be, once I have the Vampire Sword under my control. And besides, you are just one vampire. Your presence here does make things a little bit trickier, but my Hordelings and I still outnumber you and Tara overwhelmingly. It will take us only seconds to overwhelm both of you through sheer numbers alone.”
Unfortunately, Lord Taranas wasn’t bragging. Everywhere I looked, Newborns, Bloodseekers, and even Nosfers were crawling out of the shadows in surprising numbers. Lucius was a strong guy, maybe even strong enough to take on Lord Taranas in a one-on-one fight, but if all of Lord Taranas’ Horde joined in, I wasn’t sure that even Lucius would stand much of a chance against them. And I didn’t think my help would be especially, well, helpful, given my inexperience. If anything, it might just make things harder for Lucius, which once again reminded me of my failure to be useful.
“Lucius, I think he’s got a point,” I said, glancing nervously around at Lord Taranas’ Horde. “You and I can’t possibly defeat all of these vampires on our own. There’s too many of them and they’re too strong for me to stop.”
Lucius chuckled. “Forgive me, but I don’t remember the part where I said that I came alone.”
Dozens of other vampires leaped out of the shadows suddenly, vampires that were bigger and stronger-looking than Lord Taranas’ Horde. The vampires looked closer to Lucius than to Lord Taranas and they moved fast, cutting down Newborns, Bloodseekers, and Nosfers with deadly speed and accuracy. The entire Horde suddenly dispersed, with some of the Hordelings trying to fight back against the sudden newcomers, while others fled into the shadows, though those ones didn’t get far because they kept getting killed by the deadly newcomers who showed no mercy to any of Lord Taranas’ Hordelings.
“What is this?” said Lord Taranas, looking around in astonishment. “You don’t have a Horde of your own, do you?”
“Not my Horde,” said Lucius, shaking his head. “Something better: The entirety of the Order of Vampires, the deadliest and most dangerous spies and assassins in the world. And right now, your precious Horde is starting to find out the hard way why we have that reputation.”
With the Order fighting the Horde, it was hard to tell what was going on, except that Lord Taranas’ Hordelings kept falling to the ground with their heads off. I even saw one Order member—a particularly large vampire wielding a golden sword—behead two Newborns with one swing of his blade, while another—a petite female who looked more like a feral cat than a bat—tore off the head of a Bloodseeker and tossed it at an approaching Nosfer, knocking it off its feet, which the female took advantage of by jumping on it and clawing at its face. It was both terrifying, a real example of vampire brutality, but also satisfying, because the Order really was turning the tide of the battle, which just moments ago had looked totally hopeless for us.
“Oh, and before I forget, you dropped this,” said Lucius.
He pulled back his coat and pulled Domination, still in its sheath, out and handed it to me. I took the sheathed blade and looked at it with a mixture of surprise and happiness.
“Is this really Domination?” I said, looking at Lucius in disbelief. “Where did you get it? And how did you touch it without hurting yourself”
“From the mansion,” said Lucius, nodding at the mansion behind the yard not far away. “I noticed it when the Order and I first entered. I recognized it because your father used it back when we stopped Lady Hisara and I figured that you would need it if we were going to put an end to Lord Taranas’ plans. As for how I touched it, its only the silver that hurts, not the leather sheath.”
I attached Domination’s sheath to my belt and then drew the sword itself, which reflected the red light from the Pillar. “Thanks! I don’t know how I will ever be able to repay you.”
“You can repay me by standing by my side as we take down Lord Taranas,” said Lucius.
I smiled at him, not even bothering to hide it. It was official: I was in love with Lucius and I didn’t care. I didn’t know if he felt that way about me, but at the moment I couldn’t care about that. I was just happy to be standing by his side, supporting him, and I could tell he was happy to have me with him, whether he would admit it or not.
But our little moment was broken by a deep growl from Lord Taranas. Lucius and I looked at Lord Taranas, who was surveying the battle between the Order and his Horde with increasing anger on his face.
“No,” said Lord Taranas, his voice full of rage. “This is not the end. This is not possible. I cannot allow this to happen.”
“Too bad, Taranas,” I said. I pointed Domination at him. “Your time is up and your plan has failed. Time to be a good sport and give up.”
Lord Taranas’ hands balled into fists, but instead of fighting us like I expected, he turned and flew up toward the portal in the sky where the Vampire Sword was.
“Hey, get back here!” I shouted at him as he flew on his wings.
“Never!” Lord Taranas shouted back. “If you want to get me, then come after me in the realm of the Vampire Sword!”
With that, Lord Taranas passed through the portal and disappeared, though the portal itself stayed open. I wasn’t sure when or if the portal would ever close, but one thing I did know was that we couldn’t let Lord Taranas get away.
I looked at Lucius. “Ready to go after him?”
“Of course,” said Lucius. He raised an eyebrow. “Are you?”
I nodded. “Yes. Let’s go.”
***




Like all of the other vampires I’d seen, Lucius also had wings that allowed him to fly. He grabbed the center of my body and sent us both soaring into the air, leaving behind the raging battle between the Order and Taranas’ Horde. Flying was exhilarating. I loved the feel of the wind in my face and hair, but unfortunately it didn’t last, because soon we reached the portal and passed its borders.
It was a strange sensation. One moment, we were flying up toward the sky, but after we passed the portal’s threshold, we found ourselves flying forward. The disorienting change in perspective must have gotten to Lucius, because he immediately fell down like all of the air had been sucked out of the room. But he managed to land us neatly anyway on the empty blackness that was the realm of the Vampire Sword and let go of me as soon as we landed. I wish he hadn’t, however, because I liked the sensation of his hands on my body.
But I put such thoughts out of my mind in order to focus on my surroundings. Just like in my dreams, we stood in a deep black void that seemed to stretch on forever in every direction. There were no landmarks, no distinguishing features, nothing to differentiate anything from anything else. It was truly a void, a place of despair if I ever saw one, and maybe the closest thing to hell I would ever experience, God willing.
But there was one thing that stood out in the void: The Vampire Sword. It stood several feet away from us in its plinth, its red blade reflecting the light from the portal behind us. Up close, the Vampire Sword was even more beautiful than in my dreams. I could see the details of its craftsmanship much better, the beautiful wavy markings on the blade and the detailed hilt which looked too much like real bat wings than it had any right to. The Vampire Sword was just as much a work of art as it was a weapon of war, maybe even more so.
Like back on Earth, I felt powerfully compelled to grab it. I even took a step toward it, but then Lucius grabbed my arm and said, “Wait.”
“Huh?” I said, snapping out of my reverie and looking at Lucius in confusion. “Wait for what?”
“Lord Taranas,” said Lucius, his eyes darting back and forth. “Where is he? There’s nowhere for him to hide in here, unless he’s somehow hiding behind the Vampire Sword, that is.”
“Who said I was hiding?” said a voice behind us.
A hand burst through Lucius’ stomach. Lucius gasped, but shoved me forward, causing me to stagger forward several feet until I tripped and landed on the ground in front of the Vampire Sword. Shaking my head, I looked over my shoulder and was horrified by what I saw.
Lord Taranas stood behind Lucius, his hand shoved through Lucius’ stomach. Lord Taranas then ripped his hand out of Lucius’ stomach, who immediately collapsed onto the ground. Lucius’ black blood leaked out all around him, distinct from the black floor thanks to the light from the portal behind us.
“Lucius!” I screamed, struggling to my feet and turning to face him. “Lucius, no!”
I took a step toward them, but then Lord Taranas drew his sword and, putting it against Lucius’ neck, said, “Don’t move, girl. Take one step closer and I’ll cut his head clean off. Pures are like any other vampire in that they don’t function very well—or at all—without their heads.”
I stopped in place, but I desperately wanted to rush to Lucius’ aid. I didn’t know how lethal such an injury was to a vampire, but I knew that Lucius would be out of the fight for a while, at least.
“Let go of him,” I said. “Let go of him now.”
Lord Taranas’ smile became creepier. “I’ll be happy to spare him, but only if you draw the Vampire Sword and use it for my will. Otherwise, I will end his pathetic life here and now.”
My hands shook. I had no way to save Lucius. I couldn’t move fast enough to stop Lord Taranas, either by stabbing him with Domination or shooting him with a fireball. But I didn’t want to take the Vampire Sword, either. I could feel it calling to me, feel it demanding that I take it and use it, but I had to resist. I didn’t want to use the Vampire Sword, but I didn’t want Lucius to die, either. I felt like I was trapped between a rock and a hard place.
“Well?” said Lord Taranas. “What are you going to do? Will you do the smart thing and serve me or will you try to play the hero and get both you and Lucius killed?”
I didn’t want to do either, but Lord Taranas had me trapped. I looked at Lucius’ unmoving body on the ground and felt tears start to appear in the corners of my eyes, but I didn’t cry. I just looked at Lord Taranas again and said, “All right. If you will spare Lucius, I’ll draw the Vampire Sword for you.”
Lord Taranas chuckled. “I see that you’re smarter than I thought. Good. Now go and draw the Vampire Sword. My sword arm is getting sore and I’m liable to cut Lucius’ head off accidentally.”
I knew that Lord Taranas would not feel even remotely sad about killing Lucius, but I kept my mouth shut. I just turned around and walked up to the Vampire Sword, which stood as if awaiting my presence. I stopped in front of the Vampire Sword and looked down at its hilt, which came up to my waist. In my right hand I held Domination, but I sheathed the silver sword in order to leave both hands free to grab the Vampire Sword’s hilt.
I was only a few inches away from the Vampire Sword now and I felt its presence drawing me to it. My fingers twitched of their own accord and I wanted nothing more, at that moment, than to draw the Vampire Sword and use its power for my own purposes. In my mind’s eye, I could see myself wielding the red blade like an ax, slaying anyone who dared stand in my path.
Still I hesitated, however. I didn’t want to draw the Sword. I really didn’t. If there was even one alternative to drawing the Vampire Sword and falling under Lord Taranas’ control, I would take it. But in my heart of hearts, I knew that I had no choice.
So I put both hands on the Vampire Sword’s hilt and pulled.
I expected the Vampire Sword to be tightly encased in its plinth, but to my astonishment, it slid easily out of its plinth at my touch. Turning the Sword right side up, I was amazed at how light it was in my hands. It was even lighter than Domination and I swung it back and forth a few times to test its mobility. It moved easily and accurately at the slightest touch. It felt more like an extension of my person than a mere weapon. I felt like I was whole again, as if I had reattached a limb I’d been missing for so many years.
A loud laugh made me turn around. Lord Taranas was laughing now, his eyes glittering with triumph and happiness.
“Yes,” said Lord Taranas, triumph dripping from every word he spoke. “At long last, the Vampire Sword has been drawn from its plinth. Now nothing can stand before me. First the vampires, then the sorcerers, and finally the whole world will tremble at my might. You shall be my dark knight, Tara, and with the Vampire Sword, not a single soul shall be able to stand against you.”
I should have been angry at Lord Taranas’ gloating, but instead I merely felt annoyed. I said, “Are you going to let Lucius go now?”
Lord Taranas moved his sword away from Lucius’ neck. “Of course. We will leave his body here. You and I, on the other hand, shall return to Earth, where you will use the Vampire Sword to slay all of Lucius’ fellow Order members. This will work out well for us, because the Order was one of the hardest obstacles in my path to world domination, but with all of its members in one place like this, eliminating them all should be as easy as stomping on insects.”
“You mean we’re just going to leave Lucius here?” I said. I gestured at the endless darkness around us. “In this dimension he won’t be able to escape from?”
“Of course,” said Lord Taranas. “Why should we? He’s the enemy, remember. We don’t need more enemies to oppose us. He can remain here in the Vampire Sword’s realm, where he will be trapped forever, unable to return to Earth and oppose us. Besides, I said I would spare him, not take him back to Earth. Leaving him here to rot for all eternity counts as ‘sparing’ him, does it not?”
The thought of leaving Lucius alone, bleeding and horribly injured, in this God-forsaken dimension was enough to make my blood boil. Even if Lucius couldn’t die due to his status as a vampire, I still didn’t want to just abandon him here. It would be like sending him to hell, only hell would be a relief in comparison to being stuck in this dimension forever.
Besides, I found myself feeling not just annoyed, but angry, with Lord Taranas speaking of ‘we’ and ‘us.’ Now that I actually had the Vampire Sword in hand, I didn’t want to obey him anymore. I wasn’t sure if it was just my own pride getting the best of me or if the Vampire Sword was somehow making me more aggressive. Either way, I could not help but imagine stabbing the Vampire Sword directly into his throat. Or maybe just slashing off his head entirely.
“What are you waiting for?” said Lord Taranas. He gestured at me. “Come. We must leave immediately. The longer we wait, the more my Horde shrinks, which will mean I will have to spend more time building it back up when we get back to Earth. Of course, if the Vampire Sword is as strong as all the legends say it is, perhaps I won’t need my Horde at all.”
I started walking toward Lord Taranas, the Vampire Sword at my side. I didn’t show him my real intentions, because I now realized this was the best time to take him down. If I could just get close enough, I could kill him with the Vampire Sword once and for all. Lord Taranas didn’t seem to realize what I was about to do, and he wouldn’t, not until it was too late for him to do anything about it.
I stopped beside Lord Taranas, who looked down at me, his triumphant smile seemingly glued to his face. But he wasn’t really looking at me. He was looking at the Vampire Sword.
“Excellent,” said Lord Taranas. “It is even more beautiful up close than from a distance.”
“I know,” I said. “So what are we waiting for? Let’s go already. I’m ready to head back to Earth to do your bidding.”
Truthfully, I just wanted Lord Taranas to turn his back on me long enough to stab him in the back. I hoped that would cause him to double over enough so I could behead him, but if I had to stab him multiple times to get at his neck, then so be it.
Lord Taranas laid a hand on my shoulder. “I know I urged speed, but I think we need to take a couple of minutes to put a few things in order first.”
I tried not to shiver at the touch of his cold hand. “Like what?”
“Like breaking your will and turning you into my puppet,” said Lord Taranas.
His grip on my shoulder tightened and once again pain exploded in my mind. I dropped the Vampire Sword and fell to my knees, grabbing my head and screaming in pain.
“You weren’t foolish enough to think I wouldn’t finish what I started earlier, were you?” said Lord Taranas, looking down at me with a cold expression. “I know you intend to kill me as soon as my back is turned. I’m going to ensure that you never use the Vampire Sword against me ever again by crushing that pesky will of yours. Trust me, you’ll learn to enjoy it, because you won’t have a choice in the matter.”
***




The mental pain Lord Taranas inflicted on me was somehow even worse than before, maybe because it took me by surprise. I couldn’t stand. I could barely even think. If Lord Taranas had been putting pressure on me before, he was now simply hammering away at my mind’s defenses. He was clearly not playing anymore. He wanted to win and he was going to do whatever it took to make me submit to his rule.
And what was worse, I thought he was going to succeed.
“Keep screaming, girl,” said Lord Taranas, without a hint of mercy in his voice. “I can do this all day, because I haven’t used even a fraction of my true power yet. Your screams are simply confirmation that your will is starting to collapse under the strain. I estimate you have about thirty seconds left before your will breaks entirely, at which point you will be my perfectly obedient slave who will do whatever I ask her to do without question, a definite improvement over the willful woman standing before me.”
My eyes were watering. I wanted to tell Lord Taranas that he was wrong, but I couldn’t speak. I believed him when he said I had thirty seconds before he crushed my will, however. I could feel my will rapidly bending underneath the pressure which Lord Taranas inflicted upon me, and every second the pressure got worse.
But even through the pressure, I felt the Vampire Sword calling to me, demanding I pick it up again. And I would have, but the pressure from Lord Taranas was too much for me to move. I was too busy fighting off Lord Taranas’ mental attack to pick up the Vampire Sword. But I would be picking it up again soon. After all, the whole reason Lord Taranas was breaking my will was to make it easier to boss me around while I used the Sword.
This was it. I failed. Lord Taranas would turn me into his puppet and unleash me upon the world. I would kill everyone who stood in his way, even my own friends and family if they opposed me, and no one would be able to stop me. Even worse, my eternal damnation was practically assured at this point, because if I couldn’t reverse my transformation and become a normal human woman again, then my soul was probably damned for good. Even God himself had likely turned his gaze away from me now.
But I didn’t want to give up. Deep down within me, a fire burned, a fire I didn’t recognize. It was thought of losing Dad, I realized, that was driving me to not give up. If I let Lord Taranas destroy my will, then I might be sent to kill Dad at some point. I couldn’t stand the idea of losing Dad, whether by my hand or by the hand of someone else.
Anger flowed through my body, mind, and spirit. A new strength suddenly came to me, a strength I didn’t recognize or understand. All I knew was that whereas before I had been too weak to withstand the pressures Lord Taranas had put on me, now I felt strong enough to stand up to him.
Slowly but surely, I stood up. It felt like I was squatting under hundreds of pounds of metal, but I was making real, measurable progress, standing up higher and higher, pushing against Lord Taranas’ attack. His mental attack was as harsh as ever, but I ignored it.
Lord Taranas’ eyes widened in surprise and he said, “How are you standing? This is impossible. Down, you Hordeling!”
A particular strong burst of mental energy struck me dead on, almost knocking me flat on my back, but I managed to remain standing. I rose higher and higher, until soon I stood to my full height. Lord Taranas, of course, still towered over me, but I didn’t care, because I was no longer afraid of him.
“Impossible,” said Lord Taranas. “You cannot defy me.”
“Looks like I can, Taranas,” I said, though even I heard the strain in my voice. “Maybe you’re not as tough as you think you are.”
Lord Taranas growled, but then raised his sword and said, “No matter. I’ll just knock you down physically if I must. Your body is much frailer than mine. One solid blow and it will be a long time before you get up again.”
Lord Taranas’ sword flew toward me, but I drew Domination from its sheath and slashed at Lord Taranas’ wrist. Domination slashed through his wrist, sending his hand and sword flying somewhere into the blackness surrounding us. Lord Taranas himself screamed and hissed, clutching his now-bleeding stump of an arm and staggering backwards.
“How did you draw your sword so quickly?” said Lord Taranas, looking down at the stump which had been his hand. “That shouldn’t even be possible.”
I didn’t know what to say, because I hadn’t been thinking when I drew it. It must have had something to do with my second wind. Maybe the Vampire Sword had somehow given me the knowledge and skill I needed to draw Domination so expertly. Or maybe—and this seemed like a stretch to me, but anything was possible—God himself had given me this ability in order to defeat Lord Taranas.
Thinking of the Vampire Sword, I glanced at it and held out my other hand. The Vampire Sword turned into a cloud of gray smoke and then reappeared in my hand. I turned to face Lord Taranas, Domination in my right hand, the Vampire Sword in my left, and I rushed toward him.
Lord Taranas snarled and held out his good hand. A strange, dark energy began swirling in the palm of his hand, which he fired at me without hesitation. But I batted it out of the way with the Vampire Sword and reached Lord Taranas before he could react.
I slashed Domination across Lord Taranas’ chest, its silver blade burning against Lord Taranas’ skin. Lord Taranas cried out in pain and tried to swipe me, but his aim was off and I dodged it easily. I slashed him in the chest again, deepening the wound and making him fall to his hands and knees. I immediately put Domination and the Vampire Sword against his neck scissor style, making him freeze.
“You are quicker and faster than even I assumed you would be,” said Lord Taranas. “Am I looking at the power of the Vampire Sword or the legendary power of the half-vampire?”
“Maybe both,” I said, panting and sweating. “Or maybe the power of God himself.”
Lord Taranas sneered. “Please. God would never help a creature such as you. You are nothing more than an abomination in his eyes. You would be wise to take this power of yours and use it for your own glory, rather than his.”
“Maybe God does think I’m an abomination,” I said, “but that doesn’t mean I have to live for myself.”
With that, I cut Domination and the Vampire Sword together like scissors. They cut through Lord Taranas’ neck as smoothly as butter. Lord Taranas’ head fell to the ground with a rather sickening thud, and then his body collapsed a moment later. Black blood leaked out of his neck, which smelled like excrement and mud.
But it was over. It was finally over. Lord Taranas was dead.
***




Lowering my swords, I took several steps away from Lord Taranas’ corpse and then threw up. It was probably not a particularly graceful thing to do, but I was just so overwhelmed by everything that happened that I couldn’t take it. The adrenaline which had been rushing through my body during the fight was gone and I felt as weak and powerless as I normally did. It didn’t help that I realized I was very sweaty, making my shirt cling to my body and my hair stick to my forehead in a way that probably didn’t make me look good.
When I finished throwing up, my stomach felt empty and bothered, but at least I didn’t have to throw up anymore. I looked over at Lord Taranas’ corpse, which was already starting to disintegrate like all vampires did when they got killed. In seconds, Lord Taranas’ massive form was no more, save for his robes and sword, which apparently did not disintegrate with him. I felt like I could relax at last, however, because even after beheading him, I hadn’t been sure that Lord Taranas was really dead.
But then I heard a loud groaning sound nearby and looked around and spotted Lucius still lying in front of the portal back to Earth. I rushed over to him and, dropping both Domination and the Vampire Sword onto the ground, knelt next to him and turned him over onto his back to get a good look at his wounds.
His injuries were horrible. A gaping hole existed in his stomach where Lord Taranas had punched through his back. It was sticky and black, reminding me of a tar pit, except far more disgusting. The rest of Lucius’ body seemed okay, but that hole was a big problem, one I knew I needed to deal with immediately.
“Tara?” said Lucius in a dangerously weak voice. His red eyes were paler than normal, which I did not take as a very encouraging sign. “Is that you? Where is … where is Lord Taranas?”
“Dead,” I said, taking Lucius’ hand into my own and holding it with both hands. “I killed him with Domination and the Vampire Sword.”
Lucius blinked in surprise. “You wielded both Domination and the Vampire Sword at once? Interesting. I didn’t think it was possible for one person to wield both weapons like that.”
“It doesn’t matter how I killed him,” I said. “I need to heal you before your injury gets infected and—”
Lucius laughed. “Tara, I appreciate the concern, but my injury won’t get infected, and even if it does, I’ll still be fine.”
“Lucius, do you even understand what you just said?” I said. “I’ve seen what happens to injuries that don’t get cleaned right away, and it isn’t pretty.”
“Maybe it works that way for humans, but as a vampire, my injuries are going to be different from yours,” said Lucius. He grimaced at the hole in his stomach. “It hurts like hell, I won’t deny that, but all we need to do is get me back to Earth and have the Order heal it. You don’t even have the necessary abilities to heal vampire wounds anyway, so don’t worry about it.”
“Are you sure?” I said, glancing at his wound again uncertainly. “Will you even be able to walk?”
“Tara, the only sure fire way to kill a vampire is to behead them,” said Lucius. “As a general rule, vampires can survive having limbs cut off, being stabbed in the chest, and having fire thrown in our faces so long as our head remains firmly attached to our body. It hurts like hell, yes, but unlike you humans, we’re not really in danger of bleeding out.”
I still wasn’t entirely convinced that he was going to be okay, but he did have a point about me lacking the necessary skills to heal him. “Okay, then I guess you’re feeling well enough to head back to Earth.”
“Yes, but I think I will need your help,” said Lucius. He touched his wound and winced. “I can’t walk on my own, not in this state anyway. I’ll need your help to get anywhere.”
“Sure,” I said. “Just let me get Domination and then I’ll help you out.”
I turned toward Domination, but then paused when my hand was halfway to the silver sword. My eyes were drawn to the Vampire Sword, which lay on the ground just a couple of feet from Domination. Without thinking, I picked up the Vampire Sword instead and held it up.
“So that’s the Vampire Sword,” said Lucius in an awed voice. “I’ve never seen it so close before. Is it heavy?”
“No …” I said, barely paying attention to what Lucius had just said. “It’s quite light … almost like an extension of my arm …”
“Tara, I think you should put it back,” said Lucius. He nodded toward its empty plinth. “The Vampire Sword was never meant to be used. You should put it back where it—”
Again without thinking, I snapped my head toward Lucius and jabbed the tip of the Sword into Lucius’ throat. Lucius immediately stopped speaking, but his red eyes told me exactly what was going through his mind at that moment.
“Don’t tell me what to do,” I said. “Maybe I want to take the Vampire Sword out of here. I can take good care of it. I’m destined to use it. I know I am. I can use it for good, unlike Taranas, who wanted to use it for evil.”
But even as I said that, I didn’t quite believe my own words. I could sense that the Vampire Sword was making me act this way, but I felt helpless to resist its power. And hey, the Vampire Sword was a powerful weapon. In the right hands, I might be able to use it to save the world, rather than rule it like Taranas wanted. It sure seemed like a good idea to me.
“Tara, the Vampire Sword is making you think that way,” said Lucius in a surprisingly calm voice. “That’s not you talking. That’s the Sword. It desperately wants to be out in the world where it can cause devastation and chaos, but it needs to stay here.”
“Why?” I said. “Maybe I’m the one Lord Nizara wanted to wield it someday. Did that ever occur to you?”
“Lord Nizara never intended for anyone to use it,” said Lucius. “The Vampire Sword was always meant to be locked away in this dimension for all eternity because of its destructive power. Again, you’re not thinking for yourself. It’s the Vampire Sword. It wants to escape and use you, use you just like Lord Taranas wanted to manipulate you. Don’t let the Sword win, Tara.”
Deep down, I knew that Lucius spoke the truth. I could feel the malicious intelligence of the Vampire Sword trying to influence my decisions, trying to make me ignore Lucius and take it with me. It even told me to abandon Domination. In comparison to the Vampire Sword, Domination was a mere child’s plaything, certainly not strong enough to give its user power over the world.
But looking at Domination—the only gift Dad had given me since I became a half-vampire—I realized that I couldn’t abandon it. To abandon Domination would be to abandon one of Dad’s most treasured possessions, a weapon of God. Even if Dad wasn’t a vampire hunter anymore, that didn’t mean that I had any right to abandon Domination. Dad would never forgive me if I did, especially if I brought back the same Sword he and Lucius had worked hard to banish all those years ago.
With a supreme force of will that even surprised me, I rejected the Vampire Sword’s influence and stood up. I walked back over to its plinth and put the Sword back where it belonged. Once it was securely back in its plinth, I took my hands off its handle and stepped backwards. A part of me still longed to take the Sword out of its plinth again and use its power, but then I turned around and walked back over to Lucius and Domination.
As I picked up Domination and put it back in its sheath, I looked at Lucius and said, “What are you waiting for? Let’s go home.”
***




Passing through the portal was easy, even with Lucius leaning on my shoulder for support. We just walked across the blackness toward the portal and passed through it as easily as a doorway. If our surroundings hadn’t changed—from empty blackness to the darkness of the Earth night—I probably wouldn’t have even noticed that we had just crossed universes.
But there was one thing I did notice: We had walked into the sky and were now falling down toward the earth below. I had forgotten about the fact that the portal had been opened in the sky and now we were both going to fall to the ground and either die or at least get really hurt upon impact. Lucius’ wings spread, but it was pretty clear that all they could do was slow our descent, and not gracefully, either.
But then two large creatures flapped past us. One of them grabbed Lucius and took him away, while the other grabbed me and went in the opposite direction. It took me a moment to realize that Lucius and I had been saved by two vampires—no doubt members of the Order—but I still screamed anyway due to the suddenness with which they appeared.
The vampire holding me gently landed on the ground in front of the Pillar of Blood, which still kept the portal open. As soon as we touched the ground, however, two Order agents shoved the Pillar to the side. The Pillar tipped over and crashed onto the ground. As soon as it fell, the portal in the sky above vanished, replaced by the full moon and bright, shining stars of the night sky. It was a comforting sight, one I hadn’t realized I missed so badly until I saw it again after being in the Vampire Sword’s realm for even a short period of time.
At the same time, I could not help but feel a little melancholy. I could still feel the Vampire Sword calling out to me, but it was angrier now, as if offended by me putting it back in its place. But its call was weaker now, practically nonexistent, so I ignored it.
Instead, I looked up at the vampire who had saved me. He was another male, like Lucius, except a lot bulkier. He looked almost like a bodybuilder, the really bulky kind who could bench press 500 pounds without breaking a sweat. And like Lucius, he had red eyes and pale skin, though his skin was slightly darker than Lucius’.
“Thanks for saving me,” I said. “Are you one of Lucius’ friends?”
The vampire’s lips curled into a frown. “Coworker is more like it, but yes, I know him. We were just about to go through the portal after you two ourselves. What happened and where is Lord Taranas? Is the Vampire Sword safe? And who are you anyway?”
I opened my mouth to explain, but then I heard movement behind me and looked over my shoulder. Lucius was limping toward me, with the vampire who had saved him supporting him. This was another male, though he was lankier than either Lucius or the vampire standing before me, and he didn’t look particularly thrilled about having to support Lucius this way. He had a hand over his stomach, though he seemed to somehow be able to ignore it. Maybe vampires were even stronger than I thought.
“Tara, are you okay?” said Lucius as he stopped before us. “You aren’t hurt, are you?”
“No, I’m fine,” I said. I gestured at the vampire behind me. “This guy—uh, sorry, I don’t know your name—”
“Xanner,” said the vampire with a grunt. “Xanner Blue.”
“Xanner Blue,” I said, “handled me pretty gently.”
“That’s good,” said Lucius. He looked at Xanner. “How did the battle with Lord Taranas’ Horde go?”
“Nice to see you, too, Lucius,” said Xanner. He folded his arms in front of his chest. “But overall, it went well. There were more than we expected, which is why we didn’t immediately join you and the girl in the Vampire Sword’s realm, but we managed to kill every last Newborn, Bloodseeker, and Nosfer we could find. We didn’t let even one of those bastards survive.”
I didn’t doubt that, because even the most cursory glance around the backyard showed that the only vampires who still stood were the Order agents. A few of them had claw marks on their faces or bodies, but otherwise they looked pretty unharmed, which spoke well of their fighting skills. From what I could tell, there were about a dozen Order agents in all, which made their victory against Lord Taranas’ Horde even more impressive. It made me glad that I had not been fighting under Lord Taranas’ control, because I was quite sure that I wouldn’t last very long against any of these guys.
“Now it’s your turn, Lucius,” said the petite female Order agent I had noticed before, who stood next to Xanner. “What happened to Lord Taranas? And the Vampire Sword?”
“Lord Taranas is dead,” said Lucius. He nodded at me. “Killed by Tara here. And the Vampire Sword is safe once again. It’s back in its plinth in its realm, where no one can get it, and will hopefully never be used by anyone again.”
“The girl killed Lord Taranas?” said Xanner. He looked at me skeptically. “She doesn’t look like much.”
“It’s easy to kill a vampire when you have a silver sword like me,” I said without thinking.
Immediately, all of the vampires standing around me took a collective step backwards. Some of them bared their fangs and teeth, while others held up their claws defensively. I looked around in bewilderment, wondering why they were all suddenly treating me as if I had just threatened to kill them. Lucius had also backed away, but mostly because the vampire supporting him had stepped away.
“Why do you have a silver sword?” said Xanner, his voice full of alarm and fear. “Vampires never use silver weapons. What kind of vampire are you? A suicidal one?”
“I’m not a full vampire,” I said quickly, again without really thinking. “I’m actually a half-vampire and—”
A collective gasp spread through the Order members. Again, I didn’t really understand what I said wrong until the petite female suddenly launched herself at me and tackled me to the ground. She pinned me underneath her with surprising strength, twisting my arms behind my back in an extremely painful way.
“Don’t move, halfie,” the female growled in my ear. “Or I’ll snap your arms clean off and then your head, too.”
I didn’t know what I did wrong until I remembered what Lucius had told me about the laws regarding half-vampires: namely, that we had to be killed on sight. I suddenly wish I had just kept my mouth shut, because it was pretty clear that nothing I said from here on would help me in the slightest.
“A half-vampire,” said Xanner in disbelief. “I have never seen such a creature before, but it makes sense. It explains why you are wielding a silver weapon and why your aura is closer to that of a sorcerer than a real vampire.”
“Let’s kill her,” said one of the Order members, a male vampire with long dreads. “The Vampire Council would be pretty displeased with us if we let this abomination live. Even if she did kill Lord Taranas, that doesn’t matter, because we have no further need of her now.”
My eyes widened and I said, in a stuttering voice, “H-Hey, guys, let’s be reasonable for a second here. There’s no need to kill me. I’m one of the good guys.”
“Half-vampires are, by their very nature, dangerous,” said Xanner. “Alara, remove the half-vampire’s head. It is the only way to be sure.”
I felt the female vampire’s hands close around my neck and tighten. Her claws popped out of her fingers and dug into my skin, but before she could take off my head, Lucius shouted, “Stop!”
A second later, Lucius appeared above me and shoved the female vampire—the one Xanner called Alara—of me. He bent over me protectively, while the rest of the Order stared at him with a mixture of surprise and anger. A few even stepped forward with their claws out, like they were ready to kill Lucius, too, but then Xanner held out a hand to make them stop.
“Lucius, what is the meaning of this?” said Xanner. “Why are you coming to the defense of a half-vampire? You know the laws as well as we do. She must be killed.”
“I know the laws well, Xanner, but in this case I think it would be a mistake to kill her,” said Lucius. His voice sounded weaker than usual due to his still untreated wound, but he didn’t seem to be paying attention to it. “She’s not the evil abomination which the ancient laws describe. She not only killed Lord Taranas and prevented him from getting the Vampire Sword, but she also saved my life. I owe her a debt, one I intend to fulfill, as I do all of my debts.”
“I don’t care if you have a debt to her or not,” said Xanner, folding his arms in front of his chest. “She is still an abomination, a threat to vampires everywhere. She must be destroyed.”
I kept my mouth shut the entire time, because the last thing I needed was to open my big, fat mouth and say something that might make it harder for Lucius to convince his friends to spare me. I did, however, prepared to fire a fireball spell, because if Lucius failed, then I would at least go down fighting.
Lucius looked Xanner directly in his eyes. “It would not be right to reward her help with death, Xanner, and you know it. She’s proved herself to be a good ally. She will not hurt us.”
“How do you know?” said Xanner. “You know what the Prophecy says about her kind. Even if she isn’t a threat now, she will be a threat in the future. Half-vampires are to be eliminated, not trusted.”
Prophecy? What was he talking about? I wanted to ask Lucius, but then I remembered that I got myself into this situation by speaking without thinking, so I kept my mouth firmly shut.
“I am aware of what the Prophecy says, Xanner,” said Lucius, “but I don’t think it applies to her. Only the Oracle knows who the Prophecy applies to, and you are not the Oracle.”
“Lucius, the longer you refuse to move aside, the more I start to consider you a traitor,” said Xanner. He held up his claws, which looked as sharp as knives. “Remember, the laws state that we also have the right to kill anyone who shelters or protects a half-vampire’s life. I don’t want to kill you, Lucius, because you have been a great agent of the Order, but I would rather sacrifice one Order agent if that meant getting rid of an abomination like her. You understand that.”
Lucius stood up. “I do. Which is why I am invoking the Lamb doctrine.”
Suddenly, the Order agents began muttering and hissing among themselves. I couldn’t understand what they were saying, because they were speaking in a language I didn’t understand, but I understood their tone, which was one of surprise at Lucius’ invocation. I wanted to be surprised, too, but given how I didn’t know what this ‘Lamb doctrine’ was, I could only be confused.
“The Lamb doctrine?” Xanner repeated, a look of pure disbelief on his features. “You’re not serious, are you, Lucius? You do realize what this could mean for you?”
“I do,” said Lucius, “and I am willing to accept whatever the consequences may be.”
“But you could die,” said Xanner. “You realize that, don’t you?”
“As I said, I’m ready to accept whatever consequences of invoking the Lamb doctrine may be,” said Lucius. “As long as Tara is allowed to live, I will accept whatever happens, no matter how gruesome.”
Nearly all of the Order agents looked uncomfortable at Lucius’ declaration. I still didn’t know what the Lamb doctrine was, but if it meant I would get to live, then it had to be a good thing. On the other hand, if Xanner was telling the truth and there was a chance that Lucius could die, then maybe it wasn’t as good as I thought.
“Very well,” said Xanner, though he spoke incredibly reluctantly. “Once the Lamb doctrine is invoked, it can’t be revoked and it must be followed by those who hear it no matter what. We will escort you back to Castle Wings for your trial.”
“And Tara?” said Lucius.
“We will return her to her home,” said Xanner in an even more reluctant voice, “alive and unharmed, per the Lamb doctrine.”
“Good,” said Lucius. “That is exactly what I wanted to hear.”
Two Order agents stepped forward just then and grabbed Lucius’ arms. They pulled him away from me, while Alara walked over to me and said, “Get up, halfie. I’m going to take you back to your home.”
I propped myself up on my hands and knees, shaking my head as I looked over at Lucius, who was being led away by the two Order agents. “What’s going to happen to Lucius? Is he going to be okay?”
Alara also looked at Lucius, but unlike me, she looked more annoyed than worried, with a hint of regret on her vampiric features. “If he’s lucky, the Council will just kill him. If he’s not … well, I don’t even want to speculate on what will happen to him. Now come on. I’m not going to spend all my time babysitting a halfie like you. Let’s leave.”
***




One week later …

I pulled my car up to the driveway of Dad’s house and parked it in front of the garage.
“All right,” I said, looking at the passenger’s seat, “we’re home. Ready to be back?”
Dad sat in the passenger’s seat next to me, wearing a simple white t-shirt, jeans, and tennis shoes, rather than the hospital gown he had spent the last week or so wearing. He looked a lot better than he had a week ago, though he was paler and skinnier than before the vampire attack due to having spent so much time lying in bed. Still, the doctor had told me that he would recover just fine and that he just needed to focus on catching up on his sleep for the next week or so. Of course, Dad told me that he knew a few healing spells that would speed up the healing process considerably faster, so I figured Dad would be back behind the pulpit in far less time than the doctor thought.
“I’ve been ready for a week,” said Dad, whose voice was still slightly hoarse from the smoke he had inhaled. “Surprised the house is still standing. Figured the fire would destroy its foundation and make it collapse in on itself.”
“The firefighters did a really good job putting out that fire,” I said as I undid my seatbelt. “They told me that it hadn’t destroyed anything important, which is why the house is still standing.”
“You know, I think there must be a bit more to it than that,” said Dad, stroking his chin. “Back when I was moved into the parsonage, I cast a few spells on it to ensure its stability no matter what happened. Some of those spells are probably working even as we speak. I’ll have to check on them when we get into the house just to make sure they’re still working.”
“You can cast spells that can do that?”
“Sure,” said Dad. “Magic has a wide variety of uses. It’s not just about throwing fireballs at vampires or healing wounds faster than conventional medicine.”
“You’ll have to teach me that sometime,” I said. “It sounds interesting.”
“Sometime, but not today,” said Dad. He clutched his chest. “Today, I just want to be back in my own bed again. I couldn’t sleep in that hospital bed, even though it was very comfortable. Just felt too strange to sleep in.”
I nodded. “Okay, Dad. Let me get the door for you.”
I hopped out of the car and made my way around to the passenger’s side of the vehicle. It was slightly cloudy today, which made it easier for me to move around in the daylight, though it helped that I was wearing jeans and a leather jacket to protect most of my body. I also wore sunglasses to protect my vision, but even so, I felt a little ill as I opened the door on the passenger’s side of the vehicle.
“Thanks,” said Dad as he stepped out of the vehicle. He grabbed the open door for a moment to steady himself and then started to walk forward step by step.
“Do you need some help?” I said, standing back to allow Dad to go to the front door of the parsonage. “Because if you do—”
Dad waved off my offer. “Thanks, but I think I can walk on my own.”
Dad tried to walk toward me, but then stumbled. I caught him quickly, however, and said, “Let me at least help you to the front door, okay?”
“Okay,” said Dad, smiling somewhat sheepishly. “Lead the way, then.”
I led Dad to the front door of the parsonage, opened the door, and we both went inside. I had been staying in the parsonage for the last week or so, getting everything cleaned up and ready for Dad to come home. We walked past the door to the basement (which I had blocked off with a chair due to how unsafe it currently was) and to the door to his room.
As we walked past the basement, Dad glanced at the door and grimaced. “Oh, boy. I don’t even want to think about how much it will cost to fix all that.”
“Can’t you just use magic?” I said as we stopped in front of the door to his room.
“Yes, I know a spell or two that could speed along the repair process greatly,” said Dad. “Unfortunately, cleaning and repair spells were never my specialty in my youth, so I’ll only be able to clean up some of it magically. For the rest, I’ll need to hire a company to clean up and repair what I can’t, which I imagine is going to cost more money than I want to think about.”
“I’ll stay and help,” I said. “I mean, I’m not very magically skilled, but—”
“No, it’s fine, Tara,” said Dad. “You can go back to your apartment tomorrow. The church and I will figure out a way to pay for the repairs. Maybe our insurance policy will cover it, though knowing how insurance companies operate, I bet they’ll cover as little of the repairs as possible.”
“If you say so,” I said. I let go of Dad. “All right, you can go and rest in your bed. I’ll get lunch ready for you.”
“Spaghetti and buttered toast?” said Dad interestedly. “Will you make that?”
I smiled. “Of course. It’s your favorite, after all, and I’m sure you’ve missed it.”
“Definitely,” said Dad. “The hospital food was all right, but it’s nothing compared to home cooking, especially from my daughter. But the drive home tired me out, so I’m going to go take a nap now.”
Dad opened the door to his room and entered. When he closed the door behind him, I stood still, listening for any sounds of him falling over, but the only sounds I heard were Dad kicking off his shoes and then the creaking of his mattress a second later, which told me that Dad had managed to make it to his bed without falling over.
With a smile, I made my way, not to the kitchen to make lunch, but to the spare room I was staying in. Though my sunglasses had protected my eyes well enough from the bright sunlight, I still needed to take a moment to sit in a dark room and let my eyes recover from being out and about like I was. It would just take a few minutes, which would leave me with plenty of time to get Dad’s lunch ready. Besides, I figured Dad was not going to wake up for a while, because he seemed exhausted after spending so much time in the hospital.
Upon entering the spare room, I closed the door behind me, took off my glasses, and sat down on my bed, sighing in relief as I rubbed my eyes. The spare room was completely dark, or as dark as I could make it, anyway. The windows were closed and blocked off with the thickest curtains I could find and the lights were off. Anyone else who walked into here would find it impossible to see where they were, but not me. I found I could look around about as well as I used to be able to during the day when I was human.
Raising my face from my hands, I looked at the corner of the room where Domination, still in its sheath, stood. I had not worn or carried Domination since Alara took me back here after the defeat of Lord Taranas. I had practiced with it a little, but not a whole lot because I didn’t know much about swordplay and was afraid of hurting myself. Dad had promised to teach me more about swordplay once he got better, though when I told him about how I killed Lord Taranas, he joked that I was already a sword expert and didn’t need his advice or training.
That, of course, was false. I felt like I got lucky against Lord Taranas and I knew that the fight could have gone very differently if not for the grace of God, which I was convinced was the only reason I survived. Therefore, I was determined to learn how to use Domination in a more reliable manner, as well as how to use my magical powers beyond summoning simple fireballs. All of that would have to wait until Dad got better, which was a bit frustrating because I wanted to be a good sword fighter and sorceress now, not later.
And I didn’t even really relax this week. I kept worrying that someone from the Order of Vampires would come by to finish me off, or maybe one of Lord Taranas’ Newborns had somehow survived the slaughter and would come after me for revenge. But no one ever did. I had the entire house to myself for the whole week. The most that happened was that some of Dad’s parishioners would come by to find out how he was doing, but even they didn’t come by that often. And Tony, my boss from work, also called me to find out why I didn’t come into work, which forced me to come up with an explanation about Dad being in the hospital that he, thankfully, accepted, though he expected me back in work tomorrow.
I shouldn’t have been surprised by my relatively peaceful and slow week, really, because Alara had explained to me that I would be perfectly safe for at least a month, if not longer, thanks to Lucius invoking the Lamb doctrine.
“But what is the Lamb doctrine?” I remember saying shortly after Alara and I stepped out of the Shadow Way into my bedroom. “And why will it keep me safe from you guys?”
Alara turned to face me, an annoyed expression on her face. “The Lamb doctrine is an ancient vampire law that has been used only a handful of times through vampire history. Any vampire who invokes the Lamb doctrine is essentially volunteering to take the place of a convicted or arrested criminal, including any punishments that said criminal is sentenced to, from paying a simple fine all the way up to execution. The Lamb doctrine also protects the actual criminal in question for at least a month, though sometimes longer depending on whether the invoker of the doctrine specifies how long the doctrine’s protection lasts.”
I put my hand over my mouth. “Is that why Xanner said that Lucius might die?”
Alara nodded. “Yes. Granted, there’s no guarantee that Lucius will be killed, but given how death is the automatic sentence for every half-vampire and he’s taken your place, there’s a pretty high possibility that Lucius will be executed instead of you.”
“That’s horrible,” I said. “If I had known what the Lamb doctrine actually was, I would have said something.”
“There’s nothing you could have said that would have saved him,” Alara interrupted. “The Lamb doctrine cannot be overridden. It is a sacred and ancient law, one of the oldest in vampire culture,. Unlike normal laws, it was established by magic, meaning that not even the wiliest lawyer in the world could find a way around it, nor could the smartest judge dismiss it.”
I found it strange how upset Alara seemed. She wasn’t on the verge of crying like I was, but I could tell that she was just as upset about Lucius’ decision as I was. That made me wonder if there was something between Lucius and Alara that I didn’t know, which caused jealousy to flash up within me unexpectedly.
“I wish there was something I could do,” I said. “I—”
“Shut up,” Alara snapped. “I don’t know why Lucius sacrificed himself to save a halfie like you, but it was the dumbest mistake he’s ever made. Did you bewitch him with your halfie magic to do that?”
“What?” I said. “How could I bewitch a vampire when I can barely even create a small fireball? You’re not making any sense.”
Alara looked like she was going to attack me, but then she lowered her claws and said, “Never mind. You’re clearly not smart enough to bewitch Lucius. Which clearly means that Lucius must have finally lost his mind.”
“I don’t know,” I said. “He seemed perfectly sane to—”
“I don’t care,” Alara interrupted again. “Because of the Lamb doctrine, I can’t do anything about you right now. But trust me, halfie, me and the entire Order will be keeping a careful eye on you from now on. And if you try anything—and I do mean anything—we’ll be on your ass faster than you can draw your sword. Got it?”
I nodded, feeling intimidated under Alara’s intense glare. “Sure. I promise I won’t get up to anything bad. I’m just going to live a normal, peaceful life from now on. Promise.”
Alara looked at me as if she didn’t really believe what I said, but then she nodded once and disappeared into the Shadow Way again. That was why I spent the last week worried about my safety. I didn’t believe what Alara told me about the Lamb doctrine and expected her and her fellow Order agents to show up at any moment to take me out.
But perhaps she had been telling the truth about it. As I said before, I was completely safe in the parsonage. Maybe this Lamb doctrine stuff was real after all. If so, I was grateful, because it meant that I had at least three more weeks before the Order came after me again, maybe longer depending on if Lucius specified longer.
But that just made me worry about Lucius. For all I knew, he might be getting executed even now, or beaten or tortured to death or whatever they planned to do to me. Alara said that execution was the punishment for half-vampires, but maybe they would give him a lighter sentence and just throw him in jail for life. Did vampires even have jail? There was still so much I didn’t know about the vampire world and, despite Dad being against it, I wanted to know all about it, because if I was going to stay a half-vampire for now, then I figured I needed to know as much as I could about both the vampire and sorcerer worlds.
I wanted to go and rescue Lucius, but I had no idea where he was and I didn’t want to risk going through the Shadow Way again by myself. I didn’t want to end up in the hands of Timmy or any other Stranger, which would probably happen if I traveled the Shadow Way by myself. Still, I sometimes found myself fantasizing about rescuing Lucius, with the two of us going on the run from the Order, living as lovers traveling the country and the world as we stayed one step ahead of the people trying to catch us both.
But because that was probably never going to happen, I just prayed for Lucius during the week, asking God to protect him wherever he was. I still had my doubts about whether God even listened to a half-vampire like myself. It seemed even less likely that he would go out of his way to protect a literal vampire, especially a vampire who, as far as I knew, didn’t even believe in him. But Dad always told me to bring my concerns to God, no matter how big or small. And besides, ever since I defeated Lord Taranas, I was starting to feel close to God again, making me think that maybe God hadn’t abandoned me after all.
I had also told Dad about everything that happened in Lord Taranas’ mansion a week ago when I visited him at the hospital the next day. Dad had been relieved to hear that I was okay, that Lord Taranas was dead, and that the Vampire Sword was securely locked away from the world again. He hadn’t been as upset as me at Lucius’ arrest, but I could tell that it did bother him a little. Dad would probably never admit it, but I think he trusted Lucius, despite how much he claimed to hate vampires and wanted nothing to do with them, and he was bothered that Lucius might be punished in my place despite having done nothing wrong himself.
But Dad did point out how it was similar to Christ dying on the cross for our sins, which I thought was kind of funny because Lucius was definitely not a Christian. Dad himself seemed a bit disturbed at the idea of a vampire being a better Christian than most humans, but it gave me hope that maybe Lucius wasn’t entirely lost after all. And if Lucius wasn’t entirely lost, then perhaps I wasn’t, either.
I prayed a quick prayer right now, asking God once again to protect Lucius and deliver him from wherever he was.
Then I opened my eyes, stood up, and left the room, because I needed to get Dad’s lunch ready.
-
Continued in The Vampire War, now available HERE (https://tlcerepaka.com/books/the-vampire-war/)!
***

About the Author

T.L. Cerepaka is a Texan urban fantasy author and author of the Vampire Sorceress urban fantasy series.
If you would like to find out more about T.L. Cerepaka, go to his website here (https://tlcerepaka.com/). You can also follow him on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/tlcerepaka/) and Twitter (https://twitter.com/TLCerepaka).
***
