The Serpent and the Unicorn
Book III

Susan Skylark

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Susan Skylark
Revised 2018



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author



Table of Contents:

Map
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21

Other Books by this Author

Book IV Sample Chapters
Sample Chapters from ‘To Shadow Bound’
Excerpt from “The Greylands: Volume II”
‘By Candlelight,’ a story from “Over the Hills and Far Away”
Excerpt from “On Heroes: A Foible”
In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea (excerpt from ‘Of Tea...and Things’)






Book III



“Be thou my breast plate
and sword for the fight,
Thou my full armor,
thou my true might.

Thou my soul's shelter,
and thou my strong tower.
Raise thou me higher,
True power of my power.”

'Be Thou My Vision'
Irish Hymn



Chapter 1

The wind blew cold off the sea, but the promise of Spring lingered in the salty air.  Wrapped in her cloak against the damp and cold of early morning, Arora walked the battlements of the crumbling old castle on the verge of the Eastern Sea.  Occasionally a breaker crashed against the rocky cliffs upon which the forsaken castle perched like an ungainly bird.  A sea bird cried above in a voice speaking of loneliness and vast distances.  Arora knew how he must feel.  Somewhere far away, preparing for a war that might destroy everything she held dear, was her husband, whom she had not seen months.  Her duties kept her confined to this miserable old castle or to the main campus of the University some days’ ride to the west.  As head of her department, she was in charge of overseeing all the activities of the associate professors beneath her.  Since her department was by now the largest and their classes the most sought after, the whole thing had been moved to this hulking old ruin of a fortress.  And so too had come a great many students, who stayed as long as they needed to complete the required classes to gain the now much sought after title of Scholar, and perhaps one day Professor.  
There had been a time when the whole University had been a joke to everyone outside of it, but things were changing swiftly as it actually began to teach useful knowledge and hold its teachers and students responsible for their actions.  Incredibly, it was starting to become a respectable institution, unlike the Order of the Unicorn, which in recent months had changed its name to the Legion of the Serpent, and likewise its main purpose from upholding their own version of peace and justice to one of conquest in the name of evil.  Arora knew the truth behind the change, even if most people did not.  An insidious evil calling itself the Brotherhood of the Serpent was again influencing the former Order, but this time it was not only an indirect influence but in overt control.  Long had the Brotherhood operated in secret, trying to accomplish the purposes of the Evil One through human servants dedicated to him body and soul.  Only recently had their existence become known to the Brethren, and since then their tactics had moved from secret manipulations and the spreading of chaos to plans for outright war and conquest.
War was coming, but this was just the latest skirmish in a far greater war that stretched back to the very beginnings of time, when the Master’s greatest servant rebelled against Him and evil first came arose.  Once innocent of all evil, man soon followed in the Evil One’s footsteps, forsaking the Master’s laws and Truth to follow his own twisted path.  The Master interceded directly when men first chose evil over good, but ever afterwards it was up to His servants to defend the Truth and protect the vulnerable; they became known as the Brethren and are the world’s greatest defense against the powers of darkness.  The Brotherhood of the Serpent was the Evil One’s answer to the Brethren.  The Order of the Unicorn, originally an independent military organization hoping for the glory of the Brethren without having to sacrifice their own desires and dreams (and sometimes their lives) for the greater good, had been overtaken by evil men and was all but a military extension of the Brotherhood.  Most of the honorable men within the Order had recently been driven out, some had joined the Brethren while many of the rest prepared for war as allies under the Brethren’s banner.  
Not only were there evil tidings from the former Order, but there were other worrisome rumors afoot.  Evil things were stirring again in the Northern Wilds and in the Western Mountains.  Many were the dark men seen crossing the Untamed Wilds on fell errands of their own.  Everywhere unrest and rebellion seemed to be fomenting; once peaceful lands were now dealing with open revolt.  The Lady of Astoria had agents in every country, city, and major village trying to prepare all free lands for the coming onslaught, but the local leaders were far too busy with their own problems to worry about a larger, vaguer danger.  For the moment, the world lay hushed, as if on the brink of something vast and horrible that only time would reveal, but all knew it was coming, and soon.  Arora ceased her pacing upon the walls and made her way down to the kitchens to find something warm to drink; she only wished her heart could find solace as easily as her stomach.

Not too far away, in the Kingdom of Arca, Bristol walked about the castle gardens in the gloom before sunrise.  He felt uneasy, as he had rarely felt before, for something deep inside bade him be cautious this day.  As he paced, a servant found him and summoned him to a small parlor.  He entered the chamber and looked hopefully at the fire burning cheerfully upon the hearth, but his heart grew cold at the sight of the man with whom he shared the room.  
The man gave him a haughty smile and said, “Captain Bristol, you are hereby relieved of duty as Advisor to the King of Arca for the Order of the Unicorn.  You are also relieved of all rank, privileges, and rights within the Order, and the Order itself shall hereafter be known to you, and all others, as the Legion of the Serpent.  I, Colonel Lyre, shall henceforth take over all of your previous duties and responsibilities.  You are asked to withdraw immediately from these premises upon pain of death should you refuse.”  The man wore a triumphant smirk; he had come far since Bristol last saw him stripped of all rank within the Order and sent out with the new recruits on a training patrol.  He now wore a black tunic with a fiery serpent emblazoned upon it.  Bristol’s own tunic of white bore a blue rearing unicorn, apparently the Order had changed uniforms as well as names.  
Bristol stripped off his tunic and tossed it into the fire before facing Lyre and saying, “I accept the fact that I am no longer a part of the Order or the Legion or whatever you prefer to call it, however I am still a member of the Brethren and the Lady’s duly appointed representative to the King.  I cannot abandon my post save by her order.  I believe the King would take it amiss if you murdered one of his advisors.  However, if I must leave or die, I stand ready to defend myself, though I dare say it will be a poor beginning between you and the King should he discover the cause of my demise, and an even worse beginning for you should you fall by my blade instead.”  
Lyre eyed him skeptically, but finally submitted to his reasoning, “very well, it will be as it must, but do not get in my way.  We are not officially enemies yet, but I think the day will soon dawn that sees you and your ilk become hunted men in all lands.  I hope it comes swiftly.”  With that he stomped out of the room.  Bristol stared at the closed door in astonishment and then went to find another shirt.

Tristan walked among the sparring pairs of men as they exchanged blows with practice swords, yelling advice or a warning to the various students as he saw things that needed improvement.  Occasionally, a muffled thump and exclamation of pain reminded the recipient to improve his blocking technique.  Finally, he called a stop to the exercise and, after a few parting remarks, sent his pupils off to find their noon meal.  He felt a pair of eyes upon himself, looking up, he saw the Lady standing at a window; she motioned for him to attend her and he made his way thither with all haste.  He found her in a sunny room overlooking the courtyard wherein his students had been practicing.  He bowed as he entered the room and took the seat she indicated.  She smiled fondly at him, they had had many such meetings over the course of the century in which he had been in her service.  
“I know you grow weary of training students in the arts of war,” said she, “so I am sending you out once again on yet another vital mission.”  Tristan perked up at the mention of another mission, he did not mind training students, but his true calling was in performing the often strange and sometimes impossible tasks the Lady set before him.  She continued, “as you know, there have been radical changes within the former Order, and the Brotherhood has also become much more overt in its enmity.  You have also heard the rumors of localized rebellions and the stirring of evil things in wild places.  We all feel that war is brewing and evil seems to be festering everywhere, but no one knows anything for sure.  I have our agents scattered across the whole face of the world, but communication is intermittent at best and nonexistent at worst.  There are also various peoples and creatures from whom we have not heard in some time.  I need to know what is happening and where.  I am sending you out into the coming storm to discover, from our agents and allies, what is happening across the width and breadth of the world, and also to ascertain where each country, city-state, and every major village stands as far as sending help should impending war necessitate it.”  Tristan nodded, understanding his mission but wondering how he alone was to accomplish such a monumental task before it was too late.  The Lady, seeming to read his thoughts, said, “do not worry, you are not the only one I am sending forth, while I appreciate your skills and courage, I am not so unwise as to think you could handle this task alone.  Several of our best agents are being sent to discover what I need to know.  You must travel quickly, yet must be thorough in your observations.  May the Master ride with you.”  He stood and bowed to her and went to prepare for his journey.
From long experience, he knew exactly what he would need for such a journey and was quickly packed and ready to go.  His assigned route included parts of the Northern Wilds, the Eastern Realms, and the small country of Vespera, all of which he had visited within the last few years and was well-acquainted with many of the people (and creatures) with whom he would be dealing.  As he headed back towards the courtyard, saddlebags slung over his shoulder, he met Trap in the corridor.
“Heading off into deadly peril?” joked Trap.  
“As usual,” smiled Tristan, “the Lady is sending me out to learn exactly what is going on in the wide world.”  
“Me too,” said Trap, “I am off as soon as I can get my things packed.  I see that you are ahead of me, as usual.”
Tristan laughed and clapped the other man on the back in a fond farewell.  It was hard to believe that less than a year ago Trap had been an important member of the Brotherhood, but was now a respected member of the Brethren.  In the courtyard stood a shaggy sorrel gelding, a far cry from the great unicorn stallion that Tristan knew lurked beneath the surface.  Each member of the Brethren had a close relationship with a unicorn, though the unicorns often draped themselves in the guise of normal horses to hide their identities.  Tristan smiled at Taragon’s well-chosen disguise: no one would look twice at a road-weary traveler on such a plain beast.  Taragon whickered in greeting and followed Tristan to the stable. where he dug his much worn tack out of storage and went about the familiar ritual of putting it on his mount.  After Tristan was mounted, Taragon frisked and bucked a bit, eager to be on the road once more.  He wearied of the sedentary life of the last few months as much as his master.  Soon they were off again to adventures unknown.
Their road first took them north into the Wilds to discover what the People of the Wood and Nargath the dragon knew of happenings in those unclaimed lands.  Tristan saw few travelers upon the road as they headed farther from civilization, and those he did meet were the kind that did not stop to exchange idle chatter with a stranger.  A unicorn is the swiftest of all creatures that go on four legs and can travel at speeds over great distances that would soon exhaust a horse.  
Before long, they had reached the far-flung inn at which he and Arora had once met a strange man who had later introduced them to the People of the Wood.  The Hidden People stood much shorter than a normal man and lived secret lives far in the depths of the forest, protected from unfriendly eyes by an inborn skill for illusion and a talent for redirecting unwary strangers.  The curious little folk were very fond of music and Arora’s musical skills had earned them a rare invitation to visit their well-hidden village.  Tristan hoped finding them again would not be impossible, for they knew this part of the Wilds better than anyone, and their input was vital for the completion of Tristan’s mission.  
Tristan left Taragon to the care of the stable boy and entered the inn.  He glanced around at the gathered patrons, smiling as he recognized their previous informant.  He ordered two mugs of ale and sat down across from the man, pushing the second mug towards him.  The man looked at him curiously but gratefully accepted the drink.  “You probably do not remember me,” said Tristan, “but I once traveled with a rather remarkable songstress whom you wished to introduce to some extraordinary friends of yours.  I am in desperate need of their aid; is it possible to renew our acquaintance?”  
The man narrowed his eyes and stared at Tristan, recognition suddenly seemed to dawn in his eyes.  “It may be possible,” whispered the man, fingering his scruffy beard, “of what sort of aid are we speaking and why?  And where is that pretty little songstress?”  
Tristan smiled, “you do well to be cautious in these uneasy times.  The lady of whom you speak is far to the south on other business.  I was sent by a certain Lady who begs any tidings they might have of strange or evil happenings within their borders in these ever darkening days, mention the Lady and they will know of whom I speak, for they have sent her at least one emissary in recent months.”  
The man nodded grimly, “I will relay your message but it is their choice as to whether or not they will meet with you.”  
“Fair enough,” said Tristan, “I shall remain here and await their answer.”
The shaggy man finished his drink then scuttled out in search of his mysterious friends.  He returned a few hours later and said, “they remember you well and send greetings to you and your noble mount.  They will gladly meet with you, though why they care about your horse, I cannot imagine?  Please follow me.”
Tristan stood and together they walked out into the darkness, stopping long enough to collect Taragon from the stable before heading off into the forest with his strange guide.  They walked silently for almost an hour.  The going was slow because there was no moon to light the way and neither dared light a torch or lantern for fear of unwanted eyes.  At last they came to a huge, dead oak tree and beneath it stood a small, wary man.  He bowed in greeting and exchanged thanks with the other man, who then slipped off into the night.  The short man motioned for Tristan to follow.  For another hour they plunged into the murky depths of the pathless woods until they came at last to the silent village, high among the boughs of great and ancient trees.  
Tristan removed Taragon’s tack and let him wander at will among the ancient boles.  The little man waited patiently at the base of a great tree, from whose branches hung a rope ladder leading up to an arboreal cottage high among its branches.  They ascended the ladder and drew it up behind them: they were now inaccessible to enemies on the ground.  They entered the snug little house and drew up chairs before the small fire.  
“Welcome tall one,” said the old man, “I wish you had brought your lady with you, for I long for a cheerful song, but things are as they are so I will content myself with conversation.  You have journeyed far, and I hope not in vain.  As you know, we are a watchful but quiet people.  We do not go willingly beyond the borders of our land, but we know all that goes on within our bounds.  What exactly do you wish to know?”  
Tristan said, “I have been sent by the Lady of Astoria to beg your help.  The world grows uneasy and restless: evil seems to stir everywhere.  I and several others are traveling to many lands and visiting with many peoples in hopes of gathering what information we can on the state of things within each country and also to know what help each land is willing to send should things grow dire.”  
The little man was silent for a moment, then began, “as for help, we will fight evil that enters or threatens our borders, but little use are we away from our forest home.  We will assist as we can, but we will not send men to die vainly in war.  We are not a warrior folk, but we can defend our lives and homes if pressed.   We would be underfoot and in the way, among larger and more seasoned soldiers, in any battle we tried to fight.  As far as information, I know only what our scouts have seen.  On your last visit here, you pursued one of the evil men who occasionally make the strange journey afoot into the swamps beyond the forest in pursuit of the vile Lurkers that roam those forsaken lands.  Of late, there seem to be many more journeys by such men, sometimes several men a month are seen making the passage, though not long ago it was only a few men in a year‘s time.  The scouts also bring tidings of nameless and evil creatures roaming farther south than is usually their wont.  Evil seems to stir on all our borders and even within.”  
They talked long into the night about such things before retiring to bed and sleeping late.  Tristan awoke to a glorious breakfast of all the wild bounties the woods could produce.  He and his host talked again for much of the day, this time of topics less vital and dark.  The man seemed to enjoy news of the outside world and philosophical musings almost as much as he had Arora’s music.  As late afternoon approached, Tristan felt the need to be on his way and said, “I thank you very much for your hospitality and also for your information.  I know you are a quiet folk wishing only to live peacefully in your own way, but I fear a conflict is coming that may consume the whole world and then none may live in peace.  The Lady asks only that you stand ready to do what you can.  Her thanks and gratitude I also impart.”  The little man bowed to Tristan, and Tristan returned it in kind.   He bid his host a fond farewell and left in search of Nargath the dragon.  


Chapter 2

Several later, Tristan approached the familiar cave in which Nargath laired, but an unfamiliar and hostile head protruded from the maw of the dragon’s lair.  A small, black dragon, obviously enraged, stared at the interlopers; smoke curled from his nostrils.  “Be gone,” said the dragon in a defensive voice.  
“I have come seeking Nargath,” said Tristan.  
“He is not here!  Be gone!” snapped the young dragon desperately, “I want no part of you, dragon-hunter!”  
“Dragon hunter?” Tristan nearly laughed, “Who in their right mind goes hunting dragons with nothing but a sword, a dagger, and a bow?  I have no lance.  Nor do I seek draconian blood.  I have come for counsel.”  
“Counsel?” asked the confused dragon, “What kind of a request is that to make of a dragon?”  
Tristan did laugh, “who better to ask for counsel than one who has lived for years beyond count, to whom a century is but a day and man’s faintest histories are living memory?  I have sought Nargath’s wisdom before and I shall seek it again unless life fails me.  Is he not here?”  
“He has gone hunting and should return presently,” said the young dragon, apparently mollified.  
“May I ask what a young black dragon is doing in the cave of an ancient green dragon?” asked Tristan, “I have never heard that it was ever draconian custom to share a lair with another dragon.”  
“It is not,” said the youngster, “so where better to hide?”  
“Hide?” asked Tristan, “What has a dragon to fear?”  
The dragon looked nervously about, as if the very trees could hear, and said, “I am afraid of humans, most especially Knights and other such dragon killers.”  
“But why would Nargath hide you in his cave?” asked Tristan, “And why would you want to be closer to civilized lands as you are here than perhaps you would be farther north?”  
“I have agreed to provide Nargath with certain information, and in exchange, he will shelter me from dragon hunters,” said the dragon.  
“What kind of information would he seek from one younger than himself?” asked Tristan.  
Again, the dragon glanced around nervously and said, “some of my kindred are planning to take lands long held by men and for some reason Nargath finds this fascinating.”  
“Why are you not excited about some sort of draconian revolt or at least indifferent?” asked Tristan.  
“Are you joking!” said the terrified young dragon, “If my kin go on the path to war, soon men will be heading into the Wilds to do away with any of my kind they can find.  While a dragon of Nargath’s age may not have much to fear from a man, a dragon my age is a prime target.  I am not yet big enough and my scales are not strong enough to repel such an attack.  My elders would go to war and I would sit at home and wait for the Knights to line up to destroy me!”
Tristan looked hopefully at the young dragon and said, “it is such information that I am seeking.  I think it would be much better to speak directly to the source, than to ask Nargath to ask you.  Would you be willing to speak with me on such matters?  I would happily tell all the dragon hunters of my acquaintance that you are not willingly involved in such plots.”  
“You would!” said the young dragon, “I would happily share such information as I have with you if you would do as you say.”  
“It is a deal then,” said Tristan, “what do you know of these plots amongst your elders?”  
“Well,” said the youngster, “about a year or three ago the largest and oldest amongst us, The Black Dragon, began calling all of my kind to him and discussing his ‘plans’ for the future.  He says that humans are holding territory that has traditionally belonged to us and we should take it back by force.  Most of us are happy with our current holdings and have no interest in looking further for property or treasure, but he seemed obsessed with the idea.  So much so that several of the younger dragons are catching his fervor and beginning to speak as he does.  I fear they may do something stupid and rekindle the enmity between our species that has thankfully settled into a stagnant stalemate in recent millennia.  Thus I am hiding in Nargath’s cave, lest I be found by an overzealous hunter.”  
“Are you still in contact with these other dragons?” asked Tristan.  
“Oh yes,” said the dragon, “if I did not show up at certain meetings I would be suspected of treachery or cowardice, both of which are fatal mistakes among my people.”  
“Any idea when they may strike or where?” asked Tristan.  
“I have no idea,” said the dragon, “everything is still in the formative stages, but perhaps within a year or two, if they are hasty.”  
Tristan smiled grimly at the dragon’s definition of haste.  “Why the sudden change in the attitude of The Black Dragon after so many eons of relative indifference to men?” asked Tristan.  
Again he looked around nervously before answering, “it is whispered among some of my closer friends that…though it cannot be true…but…they say that he has not been himself for the last couple years and it is thought that he did something impossible, or at least unthinkable.  They think he may have given himself over completely to evil!” 
“But I thought black dragons delighted in evil?” said Tristan.  
“They do delight in maliciousness and cruelty,” said the youngster, “but they do not usually give their souls completely over to the Evil One as some men are wont to do.”  
“You seem a bit more reasonable than I thought your kin were inclined to be,” said Tristan.  
The dragon seemed to preen, as if he had received a compliment.  “Thank you,” he said, “I am actually a half breed and am less than fond of my father’s side; my mother is green.  Though as dragons see things I must be black because my scales are; I have a sister who is green with a black’s mind.  It drives her mad to be treated as a scholar when she wants to be vicious.  I would rather be a scholar but am assumed to be a monster by temperament.  Yet another reason I was happy to meet Nargath: he sees past my scales and has taught me much, of course he would teach a sheep if it were a willing pupil.”  
“Fascinating,” was all Tristan could say to such draconian scandal and intrigue.
A deafening roar and a great rush of wind forced Tristan to dismount and seek shelter behind Taragon.  Nargath landed nearby, dropped two dead goats on the ground, and faced his visitors, “drat,” said the dragon, “do I know you?”  
Tristan laughed at the dragon’s inability to differentiate between individual humans.  “Yes,” said Tristan patiently, “but I think you remember my wife’s music better than you ever remember me.”  
“Of course!” said the dragon, reminiscing fondly of Arora’s music.  
“What brings you way out here?” said the dragon, “And your wife is not with you is she?”  
Tristan smiled, “no she is not, I seem to get that a lot lately.  The Lady has sent me to see if you know anything of the evil rumors we are hearing.  Your young friend has been most helpful, however.”  
“Helpful?” scoffed Nargath, “If you like him that much take him home with you.  He is nothing but a nuisance!”  
Tristan smiled, though the tone was gruff there was an undercurrent of fondness in the old dragon’s voice.  “He has informed me of the plot among some of the black dragons,” said Tristan, “what can you tell me of the stirring of evil creatures or strange men in the Wilds?”  
The old dragon sat on his haunches and scratched at his head thoughtfully, “there are definitely an inordinate number of strangers abroad in the Wilds lately.  There seems to be a sense of unease or restlessness among the darker members of the local flora and fauna as well.  I think something big is coming.”  
“Such is the Lady’s fear,” sighed Tristan, “she is sending agents out into all lands and to all known rulers and peoples asking for information and aid.  Any chance you can help on the draconian side of things should the unthinkable happen?”  
“Hmmm,” said the older dragon, “dragon fighting dragon for the sake of men?  It is unthinkable, but I can promise to try and influence some of these young hotheads away from their foolishness, but the old Black Dragon you must deal with yourselves.”  
Tristan bowed his head in acknowledgement, “the Lady sends her thanks for anything you can do.”  
“I will also volunteer this young pest to fly to Astoria with any fresh gossip or hearsay that comes our way,” said Nargath, “at least you can know when the old brute is going to strike.”  
“Thank you again for all of your counsel and assistance,” said Tristan.  They spent the remainder of the day in conversation on many things, none of which dealt with war or waking evil.  Nargath was a music lover, but if he could not have music he still relished good conversation.  He especially enjoyed Tristan’s tale of the University and its students.  Morning came far too quickly and Tristan felt he must again be about his journey.  Nargath and the young dragon wished him well and sent greetings to Arora and the Lady.  
As he rode off, the younger said to the elder, “if only all men were like him.”  
“Ah,” sighed the elder, “and more dragons too.”
Once more heading southeast, Tristan planned to stop in Astoria long enough to relay his information to the Lady and then head on to Syre and the other countries of the Eastern Realms.  One night, as he camped in the borderlands between Astoria and the Wilds of the North, a strange man sat down beside his small fire.  “Can I help you?” asked Tristan cautiously, his hand resting on his sword.  
“Perhaps you can,” said the stranger, “I could not help but see your fire and had to come over and see what sort of people were here.”  
“There is only myself,” said Tristan.  
The other man smiled, “good, then you will not be minding if I help myself to anything I take a fancy to.  I would take my hand off my weapon if I wear you.”  He glanced significantly over his shoulder and Tristan finally noticed a man with a drawn bow hiding in the darkness.  
Slowly he moved his hand away from his sword and crossed his arms, “I have nothing of value.”  
“We will see,” said the smiling man.  He ransacked the camp and a little too happily searched Tristan’s pockets and belt pouch.  He came up with nothing of interest, save a few odd coins.  
“How disappointing,” said the stranger, “but perhaps not a complete loss.  You do have a horse, and lucky for you, since it may just save your life.”  
“Why kill me?” asked Tristan.  
“Why not?” asked the laughing man, “But I will trade you your life for your horse.  That way we can make a trade and you cannot say I have robbed you.  If I took nothing, then you would not feel indebted to me and might tell a magistrate or other authority, but if I take your horse you will owe me your life and therefore will not tell anyone.”  The curious logic completely escaped Tristan, and the man with the bow was looking equally confused.  
The scoundrel found Taragon’s harness and tried to put it on but the unicorn resisted.  Tristan, fearing this might get them both killed, bid Targon to cooperate.  Taragon laid his ears flat, but allowed himself to be tacked up and led away.  He glanced over his shoulder questioningly but Tristan only shook his head.  As long as the men did not try to put a rider on Taragon’s back, things would be well.  A unicorn would rarely carry anyone but his master, and then only if his master bid him do so at the last end of need.  Tristan put out his fire and crept off into the darkness, lest the bandits return and change their minds.  It was a long, sleepless night but the cold grey of morning finally crept through the trees.
Tristan could feel Taragon to the west, no more than a mile off.  From the impressions he received from the creature, it seemed the bandits were stirring and breaking camp.  One intrepid thief was about to try take their newly captured horse for a spin.  Taragon gave ample signs that he was not happy with the situation, but the would-be rider ignored him completely.  He flung himself into the saddle and shortly found himself once again earthbound.  The man picked himself up, dusted himself off, and repeated the spectacle, not once but four times before deciding enough was enough.  Grabbing a willow switch, he meant to teach the ill-tempered beast a lesson, but Taragon struck out with hooves and teeth and would not allow the man anywhere near him.
“He has gone mad!” shouted the man to his laughing colleagues.  
“Naw,” said one of his fellows, “you just ain’t a horseman.”  They all broke into laughter, except the insulted man, who quivered with rage.  
“I will show you what for,” snarled the man.  Violence would have broken erupted at that point had not half a dozen mounted men ridden into the clearing and surrounded the distracted bandits.  
“You are under arrest,” said the leader of the group.  
“By whose authority?” snarled the lead bandit.  
“By the Lady of Astoria,” said the man.  
“She has no jurisdiction here!” snapped the bandit, “Neither does anyone else.”  
“The Lady has authority wherever men break the Common Law and traipse upon the rights of others,” said the man patiently, “if you had broken such laws in civilized lands, I would turn you over to the governing authority, but here in the wilderness you must face the justice I will mete out.”  
“What have you to charge me with?” scoffed the bandit.  
The mounted man said, “I have half a dozen complaints from a variety of individuals about your thievery.  Thankfully no one has accused you of worse.  Though I begin to wonder where you found that horse.”  He looked at Taragon curiously; he had watched the little debacle between man and beast from a distance and began to wonder if this was actually a horse at all.  His own mount let him know that it was not and told him the identity of the strange unicorn.  Fear gnawed at his mind, but he chased it away.  No unicorn would allow such treatment had his master been slain.  Tristan must have allowed Taragon to be captured for him to remain so calm.  As if on cue, Tristan came out of the woods lugging his saddlebags over his shoulder.
Taragon whickered a greeting and nuzzled his delinquent master.  Tristan secured his saddlebags behind the saddle and mounted.  “I see you have found a few friends of mine Turin,” laughed Tristan.  
“Yes,” said the other man, “they had found themselves a rather disagreeable new horse.  I am glad for your sake and theirs that no worse came of it.”  
“Me too,” smiled Tristan, “what brings you out here?” 
“The Lady has us riding patrol in the empty lands between Astoria and the Northern Wilds,” said Turin, “bandits such as these are becoming very bold indeed.  Some have ranged even into Astoria itself.”  Tristan gasped, nothing like that had happened in his lifetime.  
“Things are growing dangerous,” said Tristan, “I was careless with my fire last night.  I had no idea things were quite this bad, especially so close to Astoria.  I will be more careful hereafter.”  
“I hope so,” said Turin, “as I cannot rescue you from bandits whenever the fancy strikes you to be careless.”  
“I must be on my way,” said Tristan, “these men have cost me enough time.”  He exchanged farewells with his friend and rode on towards Astoria with all speed.  He soon arrived in Astoria and delivered his news immediately to the Lady.  
She said, “it is as I feared, but at least our fears are starting to flesh out and take on some semblance of reality rather than remaining wild fancies.”  
“Are there truly bandits raiding into Astoria?” asked Tristan.  
The Lady smiled grimly, “there have been a few incidents within our farthest borders, but things are not yet that desperate.  I still keep chaos and anarchy at bay and travelers go safely within our bounds.”  Tristan grinned ruefully at her mild reproach.  “But,” said the Lady, “as you are here and are in need of protection from such bandits, I will provide it.”  Tristan looked at her in confusion as she clapped her hands and a servant summoned someone from behind a closed door.  
“Geff?” asked Tristan in astonishment.  
“Yes,” said the Lady, “he has recently taken his Oath and is in need of a mentor.  You are in need of caution and another pair of eyes.”  Tristan bowed in acknowledgment, though an apprentice was not what he had hoped to leave Astoria with.  “You shall leave within the hour for Syre,” said the Lady.  Tristan bowed again and ushered his awestruck apprentice out of her presence.  

Once they were in the hall, Tristan said to Geff, “when did you get here?”  
The boy laughed, “shortly after Arora’s trial at the University.  After I had spent some months here and then went back to the University, it did not take me long to decide where true wisdom was to be found.  I came swiftly back here and have been buried in classes and books while you have been drilling students in the art of war.”  
“Oh,” said Tristan, a bit embarrassed that he had missed noticing the young man during their months together in the same castle.  “If you are so interested in books and philosophy why does the Lady have you chasing after me?” asked Tristan.  
The boy smiled, “I have an interest in knowledge, but also in the wider world.  She is sending me with you because I aspire to be a master of not only knowledge but also of the sword.”  
“You want to be a Messenger?” asked Tristan in astonishment.  
“Of course,” said the boy, “I would grow weary if I only taught or fought, but I want to do both and more.”  Tristan nodded knowingly, his was the smallest sect of the Brethren, but also the most versatile in function.  He never had a dull assignment, well almost never.  
“We had best saddle up,” said Tristan, “are you packed?”  
The boy nodded.  As they entered the courtyard, a strange unicorn stood beside Taragon, fully saddled and ready to go.  It seemed everyone but himself knew what was going on.  Silently they mounted and headed towards Dara, the capital city of Syre.  Geff was by now an excellent horseman, though when Tristan had first known him he hardly knew one end of a horse from the other.  They traveled swiftly but when they stopped for the night, Tristan sparred with Geff with and without swords, perfecting his defensive techniques.  As they rode, they often talked upon a variety of subjects.  Overall, Tristan was highly impressed with the youth.  It was also nice to have someone to talk to and someone to help keep watch: it made the journey east go much faster.  Soon they reached Dara and applied to the King.  
During their travels, Tristan’s plans were to keep their identity as members of the Brethren a secret as much as possible.  They waited patiently at the gate to the palace until the guard returned with the King’s answer.  He said, “his Majesty the King will see you in due course, though it may take some weeks before an opportune time arises.”  
Tristan said, “my Mistress bids me haste on my errand which is of the utmost importance to her and also to the King and his people.”  
“Who should I say sent you?” asked the bored guard.  
“Tell his Highness that a very noble Lady sends him greetings,” said Tristan cryptically.  
The guard raised his eyebrows skeptically, not understanding but Tristan hoped the King would.  “His majesty shall see you in due course,” said the guard mechanically.  This was not getting him anywhere.  He could not wait ‘weeks’ to see the King.  
Tristan tried another tack, “may I inquire after the presence of Berg among the King’s advisors?”  
The guard said, “he is still numbered among the men who claim to advise the King.  Shall I send him your greetings as well?”  
“If you would be so kind,” said Tristan.  The man walked off slowly, leaving Tristan and Geff to stare at the emotionless faces of the guards blocking their way.  What seemed like hours later, the guard returned with an anxious Berg in tow.  Tristan had not seen him in years, but he remembered the cheerful man well.  
He glanced at Tristan and Geff and then turned to the guard saying, “he is an old friend of mine.  You may admit him under my authority.”  
The guard said to Berg, “if I do that, any trouble he makes will fall on your head.”  
“I understand,” said the overly patient Berg, “let them in.”  
The guards parted and they led their mounts into the courtyard, where they were quickly whisked away by servants.  The duo was silent as Berg led them deep into the castle and brought them to an absolutely tiny chamber.  “This is my grand sleeping chamber,” said the jubilant Berg.  Tristan smiled at the man’s humor.  
“I am sorry to disturb you,” said Tristan, “but the Lady has sent us in haste and I cannot wait ‘weeks’ to see the king.”  
Berg smiled, “you are never a burden.  Any command of the Lady’s is as much an order to me as to you.  You were also wise not to wait ‘weeks,’ as it may have turned out to be years.  The King is not very good at keeping appointments, especially for unimportant strangers.  I have a private audience with him tomorrow and you are welcome to accompany me.  What does the Lady wish to know?”  
Tristan told Berg of his errand and he nodded grimly, “the rumors are true then.  I feared as much.  We hear rumors of bandits on the borders and monsters in the darkest woods, but we are far removed from such evils here.  The King is not what one would call proactive in the area of defense.  A problem must be right on top of him before he worries about it, and sometimes not even then.  He prefers to let things work themselves out.  How he maintains order in a country as large as Syre I do not know, though I think it is mainly because it is such a prosperous country that the people have little to be restless about.”
“What of the University?” asked Tristan.  
Berg sighed, “ah yes, the University.  It has improved dramatically in the last few months, but still teaches much nonsense.  They have moved one of the larger departments out to some dreary castle on the coast as I have been told.”  
Tristan smiled wryly, recalling what a headache the institution had been before its recent changes.  “Which department?” asked Tristan.  
Berg said, “the only worthwhile one.  I think they moved it out into the middle of nowhere to discourage would-be students from learning something useful, though I think it only makes it more exciting.  From what I hear they are seeing a record number of students.  I have even heard rumors that the Lady has actually sent some of the Brethren to teach there!”  
Tristan smiled, “my wife is one of them.”  
“I had heard a rumor of such a thing,” laughed Berg.  
Tristan smiled.  The Brethren seldom married and when they did, were only permitted to marry a fellow member of the Brethren, therefore, a marriage within the Brethren was always exciting news.  Tristan introduced Geff and said he had been a former student at the University.  Berg raised his eyebrows but congratulated the boy on his decision to join the Brethren.  They talked until it was time for the evening meal, then they quickly cleaned up, and went in search of dinner.  Geff, who had never attended a court function, was amazed by the grandeur that attended something as mundane as supper.  People were dressed in very fancy clothes, there were servants everywhere, and the food seemed extravagant for such an ordinary affair.  They ate their meal in relative silence, as no one seemed very interested in a minor advisor and his guests.  One guest particularly caught Tristan’s eye: a man in a black uniform emblazoned with a fiery serpent.  
“Who is that?” asked Tristan surreptitiously of Berg.  
Berg said, “he is a nasty piece of work.  He is called Merton and he is the representative of the Legion to the King.  I much preferred his predecessor when it was still the Order, but he has been dismissed because he spent a few months in Astoria.  I hear it is the same in all the lands between the Eastern and Western seas.  I miss the days when such men were simply pompous windbags; this one must bathe in anger and drink frustration like wine.  He has no patience and little sense, a dangerous combination.  He has already informed me that should the Legion declare it, he will happily be my enemy.”  
Tristan said, “lovely.”  Geff blanched in concern.
As if smelling Geff‘s fear, Merton deigned to join them.  “Hello Traitor,” said Merton conversationally to Berg, “I see you have finally found yourself some friends, or should I say fellow conspirators?  I know your kind and I do not like them.  You will do well to shorten your stay and disappear entirely.  Do not trifle with me.”  Tristan bowed politely.  The man seemed to take it as an affront and returned to his place, occasionally glaring suspiciously at the three men.  
Dinner concluded with no one else taking an interest in the plainly dressed men, though Berg was a little more formal in his uniform.  The courtiers gathered to share gossip and intrigues, but the three Brethren retired to Berg’s chambers for some much needed rest.  They awoke early the next morning, apparently the King kept very strange hours and Berg sometimes met with him before dawn.  At least today their meeting was set for after sunrise yet still before breakfast.  They tidied up as best they could in the tiny room and proceeded to the designated meeting room.  The King sat before a large table laden with all manner of delicacies.  They stood and watched him eat while they made their appeals to him.  
“Your Majesty,” said Berg, “may I introduce Tristan and Geff.  Emissaries from the Lady of Astoria, sent in all haste to seek your counsel.”  
“My counsel?” laughed the King, “What can an old dotard like me tell men of your learning?”  
Tristan bowed and said, “Sire, the Lady sends her greetings and also asks your counsel.  All across the known world evil is stirring and rumors are flying.  The Lady is desperate to know what is truth and what is fancy.  What do you know of evil happenings within your borders and what help will you send at the uttermost end of need?”  
The King yawned expansively and said, “I know little enough of what happens in my own keep.  What can I tell you of things that go bump in the night?  You would be better served to speak with one of my generals about such matters.  As for aid, he could answer that question as well.  I seek only peace and amusement; it is he that keeps this kingdom running smoothly.”  
“Sire,” said Tristan, “you may leave the day to day functioning of your kingdom in the hands of your generals, but if the world seems ready to plunge into irredeemable darkness, it is up to you to give the order to send your men to fight in the last desperate battle, else peace and amusement will cease for all, small and great alike.  What is your answer, Sire?”  
The King looked serious for a moment and then said, “you speak of an inevitable battle.  What if such never comes?”  
“Your Majesty,” said Tristan, “our people have died trying to keep the darkness from overwhelming all we hold dear.  It is my dearest prayer that such a desperate day never comes, but if it does, we must know if you will be there to stand beside us or if we fight alone.”  
He spoke with such fervent hope that the King could not help but be moved and said, “should that day come, my armies shall be there to fight the falling night.”  Tristan bowed and could not find words to do honor to such a sentiment.  Berg had never seen the King in such a noble mood.  They bowed themselves out and went in search of a general.
General Kern was presumably busy in his rooms when the three men were ushered in by a servant.  He welcomed the distraction from his normal routine.  He was surprised at Tristan’s request but happy to be of service.  Here was a more attentive audience than ever the King had been.  He verified that yes, there had been an increase in the number of bandits about the countryside and that some of the more distant villages were trying to secede from the Kingdom.  There had even been rumors of monsters roaming in civilized territory.  He was very supportive of the King’s proclamation of aiding the war effort, should evil threaten to overtake the world.  He said he would send word to all of his colleagues and underlings to stand ready.  Overall, it was a very encouraging meeting (except for the news of more evil tidings).  As the three walked to the dining hall in search of the midday meal, they encountered Merton once more, “I hope you are behaving yourselves, though I would dearly love to find a reason to haul you off to Panmycea to face true justice.”  
“The Legion had best mind its own business,” said Berg, “and I doubt such a thing as justice exists within Panmycea these days.”  
The man snarled at them and stormed out of the hall.  It was a silent and grim meal.  After they ate, Tristan said they must be off.  He had to stop by the University and its other campus before heading into Arca.  Berg bid them farewell and was not happy to be left alone with Merton, but perhaps with his guests gone Merton would not be so apt to seek him out for unpleasant conversations.  Merton watched from an upper window as the strangers rode off, wondering what it portended.


Chapter 3

Tristan visited the University briefly and found things radically changed, but somehow not very much different.  The same air of otherworldliness endured though the lecture topics were much more relevant to everyday life.  Geff enjoyed the opportunity to reaffirm his choice to join the Brethren.  It was refreshing to know one’s life had purpose and meaning, whereas at the University it was not always clear why people did the things they did, especially to themselves.  After finding the faculty and students as clueless to happenings in the world at large as ever, Tristan gave up trying to enlist help or garner information from such a source.  They rode swiftly for the crumbling fortress on the edge of the sea.  
The night was wet and dark as they rode up to the gates.  “Who goes?” came the familiar question.  
“We seek Arora,” said Tristan.  
“Professor Arora is not to be disturbed, especially by unannounced strangers,” said the man at the gate.  
“You will let me in now,” said Tristan, “or she will not be happy when she finds you have barred my way.”  
“Why should I listen to you?” asked the man.  
“I have urgent business with her and I know she is desperate to see me as well,” said Tristan patiently.  “
Why should she be anxious to see you?” asked the man, “And what right have you to disturb her rest on such a night?”  
“She is my wife,” said Tristan quietly.  
“I am sure she is,” laughed the man, “in your dreams.”  The conversation had caught the attention of a man standing further inside the courtyard.  
“What is all this noise?” asked the newcomer.  
“Nothing sir,” said the other man, “just a pair of gate crashers who will not wait until morning to bother the Professor.”  
The newcomer looked over the pair of men standing out in the rain and said, “you had better let them in now or the Professor will be very unhappy.”  
“Yes sir,” said the guard, “but why?”  
“She will not be happy to find out you have left her husband standing out in the rain,” said the other man.  The gate opened and Tristan and Geff squeezed inside out of the storm.  
The guard looked apologetically at the pair, “I beg your pardon sirs, but it was all in the name of security.”  
“No harm done,” said Tristan, then he faced the man who had convinced the guard to let them in, “Raye!  It is good to see you.”  
“And you sir,” said the boy, “I see Geff is still alive though not free of your influence.”  All three laughed.  
“Please lead the way,” said Tristan.  The student nodded and trotted off in the direction of Arora’s chambers.  
Arora sat alone in her room, quietly practicing a new song on her instrument, when a knock came at the door.  It must be important for her to be disturbed at such an hour.  She opened the door and soon found herself set upon by a very wet and cold man.  It took her a moment to realize this was no attack, but arms eager from months of separation.  She nearly wept with joy as she returned her husband’s zealous greeting, but at last she recovered herself enough to ask her guests to come in.  She greeted Geff warmly.  Raye excused himself and returned to his duties.  “I am sorry we cannot stay long,” said Tristan, “but at least I can see you for tonight and part of tomorrow.  The Lady has me touring much of the eastern world and I must make haste, but I had see you.”  
He told her of their errand and she replied, “there are indeed dark and evil things lurking in the wild places of Syre.  I am also aware of several villages and outlying lords that are thinking about revolting against the King; it also grows dangerous to travel, for fear of bandits upon the road.  It is truly a perilous time and I fear things shall swiftly grow worse.  As for aid, we have many students learning the sword, but we can only send a small force, inexperienced at that.  But we will do what we must, even if our army falls short of a dozen soldiers.”  Tristan smiled at her forced mirth.  
“Geff,” said Arora kindly, “will you go find Raye and ask him to find you quarters for the night?”  The boy stood, bowed, and disappeared from the room.  Arora and Tristan spent much of the night deep in talk and just enjoying what little time they had together.  In the morning, they ate breakfast together and then Tristan had to be on the road once more.  Arora cried as she said farewell to Tristan, but even this brief visit lightened her heart.  They rode for Arca.
Upon their road, they occasionally saw shadows ghosting silently by in the darkness but nothing entered their camp.  Tristan had no further encounters with bandits, though the sight of two well-armed men in raggedy clothing was not an enticing lure for would-be thieves seeking easier or richer prey.  Without incident they arrived in Arca, the capital city of the country of the same name.  Tristan hoped Bristol was still about the palace, though the way things had been going of late he doubted the man was still a part of the Order.  Instead of applying to the King, he asked immediately for Bristol.  The guard sent a servant running for the man and he appeared soon after.  Bristol smiled at the sight of Tristan, though worry and fatigue were plain upon his face.  He nodded to the guard, who let the pair pass.  
“It is good to see you!” said Bristol, “It has been a difficult time to serve in such a place.  Lyre has taken over my position with the Order.  He is even worse than he ever used to be.  Before he was simply a pompous fool, now he acts as if he is one step below the King.  His obsequiousness has been replaced by viciousness.  It is a fell sign that the Order would let such as he resume his former glory after such a dismal failure.  I am glad I am no longer in their service.”  
“It still cannot be easy,” said Tristan, “to have been tossed aside so easily and also to serve daily with such a man.  He was bad enough when last I knew him.  I cannot imagine him now.”  They retreated to Bristol’s quarters and Tristan told of his mission.  
Bristol said, “it seems ill news comes from everywhere in these dark days.  The King is still lost in his vain pursuit of wisdom or its imposters.  His generals are left to their own devices.  I can introduce you to them, though you will still need the King’s permission to command his soldiers, but I will do what I can.  There are evil things abroad in the land, crime is increasing, and the odd village and a few lesser nobles are thinking about open revolt.  It seems the same story you are hearing everywhere.”  
Tristan nodded glumly.  Business done, they switched to more enjoyable topics until it was time for the evening meal.  They made their way down to the banquet hall and found places in the back.  Again, they were ignored for most of the meal.  Tristan kept a close eye out for Lyre, but it seemed he was busy elsewhere.  As they were leaving to return to Bristol’s quarters, they very nearly ran into the man.
“You!” screamed the startled Lyre, “How dare you show your face here.  You are a wanted man.”  He smiled evilly, “and I can finally arrest you as you deserve.”  
“Arrest me?” said Tristan, “By whose authority?”  
“The Legion has a warrant out for your arrest; they want your head,” said Lyre joyfully.  
“What have I done?” asked Tristan.  
“There are a variety of charges, but most of them can be summed up with the word treason,” said Lyre, enjoying every moment.  
“I do not recognize the authority of the Legion,” said Tristan, “and while it was the Order, I served faithfully.”  
“Who cares if you recognize their authority?” said Lyre, “They are an authority, and as such they have deemed you a criminal worthy of death.  I am sure the King will see it my way and allow me to send your head to my masters.”  
“I have broken no law or oath,” said Tristan, “and the Lady of Astoria is the only authority I answer to unless I break Oath.  Even then I must face justice under the laws of the land in which I committed said crime.  You will not take me.”  There was a rasping of metal on metal as Lyre drew his sword, but he soon found three blades to his one as all three Brethren bared their blades.  Several guards rushed upon the scene before things escalated to bloodshed.  
“Put up your weapons,” said the Captain, “what is the meaning of this?”  
“I was placing this man under arrest,” said Lyre, sheathing his blade, “and he resisted.”  
“He has no authority to arrest me,” said Tristan, “we were merely preparing to defend ourselves should he choose to push things.”  
“The King will hear your case on the morrow,” said the Captain, “tonight I hope you enjoy your stay in the dungeon.”  All four were disarmed and unceremoniously hauled off to the dungeon.  Lyre was placed in a separate cell, as he might have strangled Tristan had he been allowed access to him.  No one slept well and all wondered how the King would rule on such a peculiar case.
Morning came, and after a dismal breakfast of dry bread and stale water, they were hauled before the entire court, unshaven and unwashed.  The King sat upon his throne and the whole court looked on.  That two of his advisors and a couple of strangers would behave in such a way provided some much needed excitement to the tedious business that usually was a day at court.  The King was delighted to hear the case.  
First Lyre was allowed to speak, “your Majesty, it is with great pleasure that I chanced upon this vile perpetrator and now have the chance to bring him to justice.  However, he was willing to resist, and as such, stirred up the excellent royal guard, which required the immediate incarceration of us all.  The Legion has justly called for this man’s head and I beg your Majesty to grant said request in return for their undying gratitude.  He is a vile traitor and need not trouble you further.  Please allow me the privilege of arresting him and sending him to a swift execution.”  
The King, bored by Lyre’s recitation, called on Bristol to explain his side of things, “Sire, it has been my privilege to serve with this man both in the Order and the Brethren.  Lyre has ever been at odds with him and tried once before to have him charged with treason, only to fail miserably and be stripped of rank and banished to a training cadre.  The Order has recently suffered a drastic shift in mission and name and now calls itself the Legion of the Serpent.  I am no longer a part of such a vile group and rejoice in my freedom therefrom, for the Legion is far from just and has no right to call for the arrest of a man so unassociated with them in their current incarnation.  Tristan left the Order a well respected and honored man.  It is only with the change of the Order to the Legion that nefarious men now call for his arrest on charges as false as Lyre’s sincerity.”  
The King was greatly amused by Bristol’s monologue and now called upon Tristan to answer for himself, “your Highness, I do not know what the Legion has against me or the Brethren, but I do know Lyre has a personal grudge and is not objective in his judgments.  If you so declare me an enemy of the state, spare these two.  They were merely trying to protect me against this pompous fool.”  
“That is all you wish to say?” asked the King in surprise.  
“Yes, your Majesty,” said Tristan.  
“Then here is my decision,” said the King, “if you wish to arrest this man Lyre, you must do so elsewhere.  I find no cause for his detention or execution.  As long as he is within the bounds of Arca you have no jurisdiction over him.  If you wish to push the matter, challenge him to a duel or forever hold your peace.”  Lyre flushed red at the king’s words, though whether in anger at the King not using his title or over Tristan’s escape or both, no one knew.  
Lyre said, “let it be so witnessed that I hereby challenge this coward to a duel to the death.”  Tristan, not surprised by such a move hesitated.  If he won, the Legion might use it as an excuse to declare war on the Brethren.  Losing was most definitely not an option.  He could decline, but that would not do his mission any good in the eyes of the King.
Tristan said, “let it be duly noted that I will accept this challenge only if Lyre agrees that it is between himself and I.  This is not a clash between the Legion and the Brethren.”  
“So noted,” said Lyre triumphantly, he could almost taste the sweetness of victory.  
The King nodded his assent and the men received back their weapons as the crowd formed a circle in which the combatants were enclosed.  If there was one thing they liked more than intrigue, it was bloodshed.  Tristan sighed as he looked at the bloodthirsty crowd but took his place in the circle.  An official was drawn from the crowd and the pair faced each other.  
Lyre smiled like a cat eyeing a cornered mouse; Tristan looked grim.  The official called for their attention, went over the rules, and gave the signal to start.  Lyre lunged in almost immediately, slashing like a madman.  Tristan held him at bay.  Frustration welled up in Lyre as he fought as hard as he could but could not get a single blow past Tristan’s defenses.  Lyre kept up the onslaught, but soon grew weary; he was not in top fighting form.  Tristan was hardly breaking a sweat, but Lyre looked ready to pass out.  As Lyre slowed down, Tristan moved in for the kill.  If the man was as skilled a swordsman as he boasted, no one could rival him, but he was far from his fond imaginings.  Soon the man was on the floor and out of the fight.  With a couple well-placed blows, Tristan had rendered him helpless but did not drive home the killing stroke.  Lyre sat on the floor waiting for imminent death, but it never came.  After the final blow, Tristan wiped his blade and returned it to its sheath.  
Lyre stared in disbelief and then wailed, “you must finish!  If you do not finish I declare you a coward and a disgrace.”  
Tristan turned back to face him, “there is no cowardice or disgrace in sparing a life.”  
“I deserve an honorable death!” screamed Lyre.  
Tristan said, “then you must seek it elsewhere.”  
The man seemed to go mad with frustration.  He picked up his discarded sword and rushed at Tristan’s turned back.  Tristan turned but had no time to draw his blade.  He saw his own death written in Lyre’s face, but before he could strike the fatal blow, Lyre’s mad rush was cut short.  Lyre gasped in pain as he fell to the floor, clasping the blade thrust through his own chest.  
In a raspy wail he cried, “it cannot end like this…”  And he said no more.  
The wide-eyed Geff retrieved his blade and wiped the blood on the dead man’s cloak.  He then sat down upon the floor and wept.  Tristan was almost as wide-eyed as his apprentice, but gently raised him to his feet and escorted him out of the center of the crowd.  The courtiers erupted in applause; seldom did they see such interesting antics.  The three retreated to Bristol’s quarters.  
“It is never easy to kill a man,” said Tristan with his arm about the boy‘s shoulder, “even when it is absolutely necessary.”
The boy looked up through reddened eyes, “was it necessary?”  
“If you had not, it would be me lying dead instead of Lyre,” said Tristan quietly, “he forced your hand.  It was of his own doing, you merely did your duty.  It should never be easy, but you must never let that stop you from doing what you must.”  They sat quietly for some time and allowed the boy the time he needed to recover from the shock and the terror of recent events.  Eventually a servant came and summoned them to the King.  They bowed formally upon entering his presence.  
“What has brought you hither and spawned such strange events?” said the King.  
“I come on behalf of the Lady of Astoria,” said Tristan, “she seeks knowledge and aid in the coming darkness.”  
“Yes,” said the King, “all the world seems to be falling towards disaster.  Knowledge you must seek from your colleagues and my generals.  Aid I will send when the time comes for us to stand together or fail separately.”  Tristan bowed.  The audience was at an end.  They made their farewell courtesies and left the King’s presence and went in search of his generals.  His commanding officers had been greatly impressed by Tristan’s skills with a blade and were equally ready to follow their King’s orders should the need arise.  They repeated much of what Bristol had said about the evils stirring in Arca.  By late afternoon, Tristan and Geff had bid farewell to Bristol and were once again on the road. 

The next leg of their journey would take them away from the coastal countries and into the three tiny nations that bordered western Arca and Syre, then they would ride to Vespera, and finally home.  The three smaller countries within the Eastern Realms were rather odd in that they were not so much countries as they were conglomerations of independent villages.  Each village had a duly elected representative and each representative had one vote.  The representatives elected a leader for themselves who settled disputes, moderated debates, and voted only to break any ties.  It was a strange system for the time, but it seemed to work for the miniscule nations who chose to maintain it.  As such, Tristan could not present himself to the King or absolute ruler of the three countries; he could however, apply to the elected Leader who could then call a meeting of the Representatives and then there could be a vote.  
The first of the three countries was Capna.  After some inquiry, they located the village wherein the Leader resided.  As the two scruffy strangers rode into the small hamlet on their shaggy horses, much curiosity was aroused amongst the villagers.  They did not see strangers often (even though their village housed the Leader, this may demonstrate the relative importance of the three tiny realms in the eyes of the world), and strangers as travel worn as these two must be up to no good or bring dire news.  Tristan smiled as he heard whispers of thievery, seduction, and the end of the world.  Who needed court intrigue when the village rumor mill could produce just as much mystery and excitement?  
They dismounted outside the inn and asked after the Leader’s whereabouts.  The innkeeper smiled and pointed towards a well-dressed man sitting alone at a table with an empty mug in front of him.  The innkeeper said, “you will find His Grace holding court in here most evenings.”  It seemed that appearing at court was not of major importance to the villagers.  Tristan and Geff wandered over to the table and greeted the venerable Leader.  
He motioned for them to take a seat across from him, “what news of the world my strange friends?”  
“We were hoping you could help us out with that,” said Tristan, “we have been sent to a number of lands and Kings to inquire after tidings of evil in this dire hour and also to ask what aid they are willing to offer should war break forth upon the world.”  
The man’s mouth fell open at such pronouncements of doom and said, “things are a bit riskier these days if one is wishing to travel abroad after dark.  There are rumors of evil things in the deeps of the forest and shifty characters are traveling openly upon the road.  We have increased the patrols that ride the major roads and enforce our laws; they have seen an increase in the number of ‘incidents’ they are called upon to investigate.  Otherwise, we have no great tidings to report.  What of the rest of the world?”  
Tristan said, “it is much the same elsewhere.  Rumors of monsters, bandits, and revolts abound.  The very air seems to stir with evil and unrest.  The world itself seems to sit on the verge of darkness, waiting for the final plunge.  That is why the Lady of Astoria is sending men into all known lands to ask for tidings and what aid they are willing to send to the last, desperate fight.”  
The man gasped at mention of Astoria.  Few of his people had ever left their own villages, let alone traveled to such a mysterious and almost mythical country.  Some of the Brethren had occasionally passed through the lesser parts of the Eastern Realms, but were considered little more than traveling teachers or musicians by the locals and much less important than the price of pigs or the morrow’s weather.  Although they welcomed such diversions when they could get them.  
“What are you asking of us?” asked the Leader cautiously.  
“Only that you consider what you are willing to do should the worst befall the world and word reach you that the situation is dire,” said Tristan, “your patrols may be little more than farmers armed with bows and axes, but in the last fight against the utter dark, even a boy with a stick is better than nothing.”  
“But what of our farms and villages?” asked the Leader, “We must not leave them undefended.”  
Tristan smiled sadly, “should ‘the worst’ happen and we fail to drive back the darkness, it will little matter whether you defend your homes or not.  The darkness will engulf you sooner or later if all else fails.”  
The man nodded grimly, “I see your point.  I shall call a meeting of the Representatives immediately and you may plead your case with them.”  He motioned with his hand and a small boy came running up.  He said to the lad, “get the message out that a Meeting is called for tomorrow at noon.  Go!”  The boy did his best at a serious salute then dashed off to pass the message round the village and send riders off to the other villages in question.  The man smiled fondly after the retreating child.  “My son,” he said simply.  
As night fell, the villagers crowded into the inn to see what the strangers had to say.  They enjoyed news from abroad, even if it never seemed to affect their little corner of the world.  They were especially eager as they had heard of the impending Meeting, a thing which was rarely done save in emergencies and at the Annual Meeting.  
Tristan tried to keep talk away from nasty rumors and spent much of his time telling ancient tales or discussing local events.  After an enjoyable evening of food and conversation, they slipped off to bed.  The next morning found the Representatives assembling already upon the village green and the eager villagers staking out favorable spots to watch.  Precisely at noon, all of the Representatives were accounted for and Tristan repeated his oft said words to the gathered men.  To a man they voted in favor of sending whatever aid they could scrape up should the need arise.  Tristan thanked them in the name of the Lady and they set off once more for the next little country upon their road.  
Alaria was the next of the tiny nations and had already assembled its Representatives by the time Tristan arrived (rumor traveled faster than unicorns it seemed).  They heard Tristan’s case and did as Capna had.  As the day’s proceedings were winding down, a rider arrived from the third of the three tiny nations giving Tristan his answer before ever he rode thither.  It appeared all three countries would happily send what help they could in a crisis.  Though Tristan felt the need for haste, he allowed the excited villagers to convince him to stay the night.  Tomorrow he would ride for Vespera and then for home.  
A small crowd had assembled from not only the surrounding villages but also from the other countries (it was not a great distance) and an impromptu festival was in the works.  A bonfire was lit upon the green, villagers put on their best clothes, copious amounts of food was brought forth by the ladies, and several of the men produced an impressive array of instruments and began to play.  Geff was popular among the young ladies, who thought him quite the dashing young hero (every woman loves a man with a sword); he danced with them eagerly, but when asked if he was interested in settling down, he blushed profusely and sought Tristan’s protection.  
Tristan said, “you may be a great warrior and scholar, but it will take far more than that to understand women.  I will not protect you from them, however.”  He laughed at the boy’s discomfiture, but he would have to learn someday how to deal with people, especially attractive young ladies.  The girls giggled at the bashfulness of such a theoretically fearless man.  The evening passed most pleasantly even so and was a welcome diversion from the rigors of travel.  But early the next morning they were once again on the road.

Vespera was a small country west of the Eastern Realms.  Tristan was quite eager to see Conrad again; his friend was the Lady’s envoy to the Queen of Vespera.  The weather had turned warm and the first buds and early plants were starting to break out of winter’s grasp, even an impatient bird was heard occasionally piping in some distant thicket.  It was a pleasant time to travel, except when the spring rains came in earnest.  In the midst of such a storm the weary travelers reached the gates of Lorna, the capital city of Vespera.  Tristan applied directly to Conrad, though he knew the Queen personally, there was some awkwardness between them.  
Conrad met them at the gates, smiling, “welcome back, I hope you have better tidings than I have to tell.”  They handed their mounts to the waiting grooms and followed Conrad into the castle.  He told them the same things they had heard everywhere else.  Conrad was not surprised to hear of Tristan’s tidings or the reason for his visit.  “I am sure the Queen will give the Lady her full support; though this would be unnecessary had you become King of Vespera,” laughed he.  
Tristan gave him a mortified look and Geff became very interested in the story.  “I will tell you later,” sighed Tristan.  They went directly to the Queen, as Conrad thought it appropriate, though Tristan would much rather have sent Geff alone and remained safely hidden in his quarters.  They bowed themselves into the Queen’s presence and she returned their greeting with a regal nod.  
“Come to beg for the Kingship?” asked the Queen lightly.  Now it was Tristan’s turn to blush and Geff looked ready to explode, anticipating the story.  Conrad grinned like an idiot.  
Conrad cleared his throat and said, “Majesty, my mortified colleague has come on business from the Lady.”  
Tristan gave Conrad a significant look and said to the Queen, “Majesty it is always a pleasure to see you, but I am still unable to accept such an offer and ever shall be.”  He bowed respectfully and then proceeded to outline his mission.  
The Queen nodded gravely, “I suspected as much when your presence became known to me.  Tell the Lady she shall have our full aid should it be required.”  Tristan bowed in thanks.  She then dismissed them and attended to other business.
Walking back to Conrad’s quarters, Tristan finally put Geff out of his misery and told him the full tale, which was far less scandalous that the youth had anticipated.  They spent the balance of the night with Conrad, discussing the incessant evil that seemed everywhere to be lurking just beyond sight.  After dinner they took a stroll in the castle gardens.  
Tristan was somehow not surprised to happen upon the Legion’s duly appointed representative.  He sneered as he approached the small group, “Conrad, I see you have acquired a procession.  How much are you paying them?  By their clothes, I would say not enough.”  He laughed at his own insipid joke.  
Conrad patiently replied, “they are simply friends who have come on business to the Queen.  It need not concern you.”  
“All things within the bounds of Vespera concern me,” said the man, “because they concern the Legion.  These men look like troublemakers, much like yourself.  The day is coming when you will not openly display your filthy allegiance.  Mark my words.”  
“So noted,” sighed Conrad, “will that make you go away?”  
The man smiled mirthlessly, “I am ever present wherever treachery and evil hide.”  
“That would explain your membership in the Legion,” smiled Conrad.  The man reached for his sword but thought better of it when he saw that it would be three against one.  “You are lucky tonight,” said the man, turning to go, “but in the future you may not be.”  
“I do not believe in luck,” said Conrad to the retreating figure, who made no answer.  Conrad shivered, “they were bad enough when they were the Order.  Now that they are the Legion I feel like bathing after simply passing them in the hall.  Whatever happened to Lyre?”  
Tristan smiled grimly, “he received his rank back after the changes within the Order and was serving as the Legion’s envoy to Arca.  He was recently bested in a duel.”  
“I cannot say that I am too sorry,” said Conrad, “though I do wish he had come to a change of heart during his exile into ignominy.”  
They awoke early the next morning and headed directly for Astoria.  The journey was uneventful and the Lady eager to hear their news.  As her agents returned form every corner of the world, the news was much the same as Tristan and Geff had discovered.  While every country was willing to send aid if absolutely necessary, each had so much to do just managing the little flare-ups and increasing chaos within their own borders that nothing but ultimate disaster would draw them from the confines of their own realms.  The thought of the oldest and most terrible of the evil dragons with a grudge against humankind was not a joyful thought, but that was an inevitability they must face when it came.


Chapter 4

In the heart of Panmycea stood a sprawling fortress known to the world as The Citadel; in the heart of the Citadel, like a spider in a cave, lurked General Vrill: the sole leader of the Legion (now that the High Council had been dissolved) and the secret leader of the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  He watched indifferently as a rider galloped up the road into the city with some supposedly vital news or other.  His underlings would see that any truly important information reached him and that he was not inundated with minor details.  His plan was progressing smoothly, he only wished it could move faster, but grand schemes took time to reach fruition.  He resumed his study of the maps and charts before him, plotting his next move.  The rider was admitted into the central courtyard of the Citadel, where his horse stood head down, sides heaving, and caked with sweat.  A servant waited patiently to escort the man to Nevis, the General’s Head Undersecretary, but the impatient rider nearly trampled the servant in his angst to deliver his message.  In a dusty study, the Secretary appeared hard at work over a stack of papers and scrolls.  He looked up as the man entered and the servant bowed himself out.  
“Yes?” asked Nevis.  
“My Lord,” said the messenger, “I have just arrived from Arca with dire news.”  
“Continue,” said the secretary.  
The messenger began, “Colonel Lyre is dead.”  
“Dead?” asked the surprised Nevis, “How?”  
“I believe at the hands of the Brethren,” said the messenger.  
“Go on,” demanded Nevis eagerly.  
“A pair of scruffy men appeared at the palace gates asking after Bristol, the Brethren’s agent in Arca,” said the man, “this Bristol apparently greeted them as old friends and spent much time speaking with them.  The Colonel recognized one of the men from a former acquaintance and tried to arrest him, but his two companions would not allow it.  The matter was brought before the King who decided in favor of the Brethren.  The Colonel then challenged the man to a duel to the death.  The man accepted on the grounds that it was a duel betwixt individuals and not ideologies.  The Colonel accepted and lost, but instead of killing him, his opponent spared his life.  A fit of madness seemed to seize the Colonel, he retrieved his sword, and tried to kill the man as his back was turned.  The man would have fallen to the Colonel’s attack but his companion saw what was happening and intervened, killing Colonel Lyre.”  
“A tragic tale,” said Nevis sarcastically, “Lyre got more than he deserved, but perhaps we can use this incident to our advantage.  Let it be known that Lyre died needlessly at the hands of the Brethren.  Did this man have a name?”  
“I believe I heard him called Tristan on more than one occasion,” said the messenger.  
“Excellent,” said Nevis, “wait here for further orders, I must see the General immediately.”  The messenger smiled broadly in anticipation of the coming proclamation.
A knock came at the General’s door.  He snarled, “come!”  The door opened and Nevis bowed himself in.  “Yes?” asked the General impatiently.  
“My Lord,” said Nevis, “I believe we now have causation for the next step in your plans.”  
The General eyed him curiously and said, “go ahead.”  Nevis then recounted the messenger’s tale.  The General smiled villainously, “perfect.  This gives us every excuse to declare war upon those pious fools.  Let it be known to all of our agents in the field that anyone known to be one of the Brethren or suspected of such is to be arrested immediately on charges of Treason against the Legion and the Common Good, and is to be brought immediately to Panmycea for trial and execution.”  
“There is one other thing sir,” said Nevis.  
“Yes?” asked the General.  
Nevis continued eagerly, “the messenger believes the man responsible was Tristan.”  
“Tristan?!” exclaimed the General, “He has ever been a nuisance.  He is responsible for the failure of our plans in Westria and at the University.  He has also laid claim to my fortress in Syre and has corrupted at least one of our agents.  Put out a general edict that the man who brings me his head will be handsomely rewarded.  I also want the head of that traitor Trap; no one abandons the Brotherhood and lives.  You will also appoint a new representative in Arca.”  
“My Lord,” said Nevis, “what if the authorities in the lands where the Brethren are scattered do not abide by your proclamation?”  
The General smiled, “then we have every right to declare them outlaws as well.”  Nevis smiled grimly and bowed himself out.  Once back in his study, he drafted every spare servant and scribe he could find to begin writing orders to be dispersed to every man and unit the Legion had in the field.

The Lady called Trap, Geff, and Tristan into her small audience chamber, wherein they bowed and seated themselves.  Once everyone was settled, she began, “as you are well aware, there is an ancient monstrosity of a dragon that is about to declare war upon all mankind.  Worse yet, it is not some fiendish plot of draconian origin but a plot of the Evil One himself.  If possible, it seems this dragon is actually the reptilian variant of a member of the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  We shall hopefully have warning before he strikes, but our more pressing problem is how to deal with him when he does.  A young dragon may be slain with mortal weapons, but nothing of human make can pierce the scales of a fiend of this age and proportion.  Our only hope is to find a break or hole in his scaled hide, which would be our only chance of landing an injurious blow, but even then it is not guaranteed that should such a defect exist that it be found in a vital area.  It is of little use to me if we manage to wound him, but the result is only a stubbed toe!  I have been scouring the ancient literature and have talked at length with those among us most skilled in Draconian Lore.  My search has not been in vain.  The answer to our problem is simple: Dragonsbane.”  
“Dragonsbane?” asked Tristan.  
“Yes,” said the Lady, “it is a plant of ancient legend, but known to botanists more formally as Dracamorta.  A blade steeped in an infusion made of the plant is unilaterally fatal to all dragons, even if it merely pierces the skin.  Which, in this case is a best-case scenario.  You three are going to find it for me, but it must be kept an absolute secret that we are even aware of such a thing, lest the more peaceful dragons grow suspicious of our intentions and join their evil comrade in his war against humanity.   It grows only on the southern slopes of the hills in the very far south.  By the time you reach your destination, it will be the prime growing season for the weed.  You leave at once.”  
“May I ask why we three are going and not one of the Philosophers or other lore masters who know more about such things than we do?” asked Tristan.  
The Lady eyed him with a wry smile, “usually I would not need to explain myself, but since you are so intrepid as to ask, let me only say the world has grown very dangerous and this is a vital mission, on it may rest the very fate of us all.  I believe you two have the best chance of accomplishing such a feat.  Geff is forced to go along because he is your apprentice.  I will give you the book, which has detailed pictures of the plant.  With it you should be able to find what you seek.  You must hurry as best you can, for we know not when our foes will choose to strike.  While you are off looking for herbs, the rest of us will be preparing for war.  I fear the Legion is plotting some evil and will soon increase its resistance to the Brethren.  I am sending scouts throughout the world to keep an eye out for the coming storm.  I also grow uneasy about sending our people out alone, for alone it is difficult to see a knife in the dark.  Therefore, I am sending everyone out in pairs and sending support to those already in the field on their own; I only hope they get there in time.”  She did not elaborate on where or why or who, but Tristan was not about to ask any more bold questions.  They stood, bowed, and hurriedly made their departure.  The Lady stared unseeing out the window, deep in thought.  Within the hour they were saddled and underway. 

Bristol walked the corridors alone, for it was very late but he had urgent business with the King and hoped that he had not yet retired; he was not sure this could wait until morning.  As he approached the small chamber wherein the King was wont to retreat in the evening, Bristol heard an angry voice coming from the open door, “he is to be arrested immediately!”  
“You have no authority,” said the King, “I will not have you haphazardly arresting my advisors.  Next you will be threatening me or my nobles with violence if we do not comply with the orders of your beloved Legion.  You will do nothing.”  
“I will do what I must,” snarled the other voice, “it is not your place to defy the will of the Legion.”  Bristol hid himself in the darkened hallway as the Legion’s new advisor to the King stormed out of the chamber and stomped down the hall with four men in tow.  After they had gone, Bristol made towards the chamber door.  The guards posted on either side of the doorway looked at him suspiciously but let him pass.  He bowed in the doorway and the King started at the sight of him.  
“Come in,” said the King in a quavering voice, “you have strange timing.  The Legion’s advisor was just in here demanding your head; I believe he is now on his way to arrest you.  Nothing I say or do will prevent him inevitably getting to you.  I fear one or both of you will not survive this night, though I would prefer the casualties to fall on his side.  I will not take it amiss if you quietly disappear.  Give the Lady my regards.”
Bristol bowed to the King and retreated into the darkened hall, the reason for his visit forgotten.  The King was right, he must leave before it was discovered that he was not in his quarters or wandering about the palace.  He could not even return to his room to pack anything.  He summoned his unicorn and made his way towards the courtyard; the world had grown dangerous indeed.  He jumped on the back of his waiting mount and galloped off into the night.  The Legion’s advisor sought him in vain and was not pleased to find him already fled.

Conrad walked the gardens alone, deep in thought.  Tristan’s presence had been a ray of sunshine in the deepening gloom of the world.  The Legion’s representative kept giving him significant and malevolent looks from time to time and it was becoming unnerving.  Speaking of which, the man loomed suddenly out of the night with five armed men.  “Conrad,” said the man far too jovially, “I am glad to see you.”  The man smiled maniacally.  Conrad reached for his sword, sensing that this was not going to be pleasant.  “None of that my friend,” sneered the man, “I am rightfully arresting you.”  
“You and whose army?” asked Conrad defiantly.  
“This army,” said the man, motioning to his men, “if you do not come quietly I will be forced to become violent.  We will escort you to Panmycea where you will stand trial for crimes against the Legion and the Common Good.”  
“What crimes?” asked Conrad doubtfully.  
“I do not know, but I am sure they will think of something,” smiled the man.  
Unable to see any other option than a glorious death in futile battle, he surrendered his weapons and asked, “what will the Queen say of this?”  
The evil man smiled, “she need not be bothered with such trifles.  Come along.”
Conrad almost laughed at the idea of his arrest and execution being a trifle, especially for crimes the judges had yet to invent.  In the courtyard of the palace he was put quietly on a horse, his hands tied before him, and the reins taken by his captors.  He could hang on, but that was about it.  The evil man was to stay and continue in his appointed role while the others would escort Conrad to Panmycea.  Not seeing any hope for a fair trial or an escape, Conrad did the one thing he still had control over.  
He tried to send his unicorn away, but the stubborn beast would not listen and was plotting a rescue attempt.  They both knew it was probably futile and both would likely die in the attempt, but such was the faithfulness of the creatures to their human masters.  Conrad sighed inwardly, but prepared himself for the inevitable.  As they reached the gates that led out of the city, Conrad felt his mount approaching.  It was time.  He tucked himself and rolled off his horse as the unicorn came crashing out of the woods in all his terrible splendor, which no mortal horse could stand.  The six horses reared as one and fled in terror from the awful vision.  His captors had drawn their swords when first they saw the creature, but several had lost hold of their blades in the confusion.  
Conrad grasped one fallen sword with his bound hands and managed to free himself of his bonds.  He felt a sharp pain in his side and knew he had been stabbed.  He took the sword and struck at his foe.  The man fell, but then another man lunged at him.  The other three were busy with the unicorn.  Man and beast fought desperately, but in the end the unicorn was slain and already fading away, after the manner of his kind upon death, when Conrad looked towards his friend.  One of the three that had accosted the beast stumbled towards Conrad, but he fell and did not rise again.  Conrad felt vaguely at his own wounds, as if wondering from whence they had come; he felt very tired and sat down abruptly.  He surveyed the carnage and wondered dimly where his unicorn was before he succumbed to his wounds.  The guards soon found the six dead men and alerted the Queen.  The Queen was aghast at the loss of Conrad, for he was an honorable and wise man.  It did not take much investigation to lay everything at the feet of the Legion.  The man responsible was quickly found, tried, and executed though this gave little comfort to anyone.  However, it did give the Legion an excuse to march upon Vespera.

Word of the incident in Vespera and several similar occurrences caused a shift in the orders from Panmycea.  No longer were the Brethren to be arrested and transported for trial and execution: they were to be killed outright, even if it was only a passing suspicion that the person in question was truly of that persuasion.  This had the expected result of causing tension between the Legion and the various rulers and authorities throughout the world.  Occasionally, they actually found one of the Brethren, but more often it was some hapless traveler or unnamed stranger who came to a swift but tragic end.  The Order had been unpopular in the days when it was simply the Order, but after its conversion to evil it was loathed wherever it dared show its face.  The Legion's representatives to the various Kings and rulers fled, were banished, or simply disappeared.  Things degenerated to such a point that no one in the uniform of the Legion dared to show his face in public unless in the company of half a dozen armed men.  
Conditions were ripe for war and Vespera was the target of the Legion's first attempt at military conquest.  Not only was Vespera almost next door to Panmycea, making it an ideal target, but it had also 'volunteered,' at least as far as the Legion was concerned, by executing the Legion's agent for supposed crimes against the state.  Happily, the Queen suspected just such a response from the Legion and had already begun making preparations, including a request to Astoria for help.  The Lady was loath to start a war, but it appeared this one had already begun.  She immediately sent Karly and his men, plus a dozen of the Brethren to help with the situation in Vespera.  She hoped it would be enough.
 
A contingent of men, personally selected by General Vrill, was sent to the University to demand the return of his fortress in Syre.  The leaders amongst the faculty were easily cowed by so many armed and dangerous men into relinquishing any claims on the dilapidated old ruin, but they were less eager to surrender all those within to the mercies of the Legion, but as they philosophically saw things: 'it is better them than us.'  So it was that the watchmen upon the walls alerted everyone within to the fact that a mass of armed men was marching purposefully towards the fortress.  
Arora ran to the walls and her heart sank as she surveyed the approaching men.  Where was Tristan when she needed him?  While the half dozen Brethren currently teaching at the fortress were skilled in fighting, the majority of the occupants were half-trained students.  She immediately ordered everyone to battle stations (unlike the University, the Brethren had never assumed the fortress would never fall under attack and had planned accordingly).  She smiled grimly as she watched the students pass around the rusting swords and over-large armor that had been tucked away by the previous residents.  She would have to make the best of things with her ragtag army and second-hand weapons.  
The men rode up to the gate and halted.  One among them, the leader she assumed, walked up to the gate and demanded, "open in the name of the Legion and perhaps we will spare your lives."  
"What authority have you to make such demands?" asked Arora.  
The man smiled maliciously, "your precious University has handed you over to us, surrender now or you will not long survive the capture of this structure."  
Arora smiled grimly, "we do not treat with traitors and the servants of evil.  Be gone or we will defend ourselves."  
"So be it, you have sealed your own doom," snarled the man, who turned away and retreated into the mass of men.
 Arora thought quickly, they had nothing but arrows to fight the men while they remained outside the walls, and they did not have the provisions to survive more than a week or two of a siege.  While they remained inside the castle, they were relatively safe but helpless.  It would not do to protect the fortress if it cost them their lives through starvation.  She really had no interest in keeping this useless heap of rocks except that it was the one thing preventing those men from killing them outright.  She had little doubt that the moment she surrendered the fortress she also forfeited the lives of everyone within the structure.  Their only option was to defend themselves as best they could and hope help showed up before they starved to death or their foes found a way to breach the walls.  
The only problem was that the attackers were not planning on a siege, and went about immediately locating a likely looking tree, chopping it down, and began constructing a makeshift battering ram.  Seeing their intent and taking advantage of their preoccupation, Arora stationed the best archers on the walls and told them to take judicious shots when possible, but to make sure their foes knew they were planning on a fight.  She then talked with the men watching the back of the fortress; they had not seen anyone circle around to watch the back door.  It was crazy, but it was their only chance.  
Making sure everyone was armed as best they could be, she assembled everyone but the watchmen and the archers in the courtyard.  "As you know we are under attack," said Arora, "but while they attempt to construct a battering ram and break down the gate, our archers will keep them busy and the rest of us will flee out the back.  My hope is they do not pursue us, but if they do we have a better chance in the open, at least some of us will have a chance to escape.  We will leave our few horses for those left defending the castle and distracting our foes.  The rest of us must flee on foot.  She sent four of the Brethren with the refugees to the back of the castle.  Two of them snuck out the small gate and searched the immediate area, they soon returned declaring it free of spies and villains.  By twos and threes, the students snuck out of the gate and used the growing dark of evening as cover until they reached the relative safety of the surrounding woods, which was about a bowshot from the walls.  Arora knew the men would probably attack at full dusk because it would lessen the chances of the men upon the walls hitting someone with an arrow.
 The men upon the walls kept a vigilant watch for anyone who might discover their impromptu escape route, but all of the attackers seemed intent on finishing their battering ram.  Finally, the last trio of students snuck out the back and was followed by the second pair of Brethren.  Arora and one of the other Brethren remained alone in the castle with half a dozen of the bolder students; they stood upon the walls with bows in hand.  Darkness fell and the trespassers, having finished their battering ram, made ready to use it upon the gates.  The men upon the walls peppered the attacking soldiers with arrows, only occasionally hitting their targets.  When it became obvious that the gate would hold no longer, Arora gave the signal to retreat.  
The boys pulled back from the walls and flung themselves into the saddles of the waiting horses.  As the gate gave way, the last of the horses went thundering out the back gate into the darkness.  Shouts of confusion ran through the invaders; where was everyone?  They had expected people fighting for their lives, but the hulking fortress was as silent as a tomb.  Torches were lit and the gaping back door revealed its secret.  Their main task was to recapture the fortress, but no one wanted to just walk up and capture an empty ruin.  They wanted blood.  Their leader told off a dozen men with swift horses to pursue the cowards as they fled into the night.  The rest went about securing the castle.
 Arora sat upon her mare on a little rise just inside the woods.  With her were three of the Brethren, also mounted.  The other two had been sent on to shepherd the refugees to safety.  As she predicted, a small mounted party was sent in pursuit of the fugitives.  As their pursuers galloped headlong into the woods, Arora nodded and all drew their swords.  The unicorns, in their full glory, leapt out in front of the charging men.  The horses reared in panic, flinging their unwary riders to the ground, save two, who kept their seats but were carried off by their panicked mounts, while three of those upon the ground were trampled by frenzied hooves.  The seven who remained looked desperately into the faces of their captors, hoping for some sign of hope or mercy but found only a grim austerity.  
“Know this,” said Arora in a voice like a judge handing down a death sentence, “your lives will be spared, but any who follow hereafter will not be given such mercy.  Go back to your vile masters if you must, but a wise man would take this opportunity to flee from evil.  The choice is yours, but I pray you choose wisely.”  The mare reared and wheeled about, soon vanishing from sight as the others did the same.  The soldiers sat upon the ground, staring in dismay after the strange figures they had been sent to pursue.  They exchanged a desperate look and as if by consensus, disappeared into the night and word never came back to the Legion of their fate, but no further pursuit followed the renegades.  
Arora and her men soon caught up with those fleeing on foot.  They pressed on as hard as they could that night, hoping to put as much distance between themselves and the fortress as possible.  In the darkest watch of the night, wearily they crept up a hillside studded with boulders and took refuge at its peak within its rocky crown.  Watchmen were posted and the rest succumbed quickly to sleep.  As the sun made her presence known once more to the world, Arora and the other Brethren roused the sleeping students.  Most groaned, but all were soon on their feet.  
Before they set out, Arora addressed the group, “we are bound for Astoria with all the speed that can be mustered.  Any who wish to try their chances alone are welcome to return to the University, but remember it is they that sold you into the hands of the enemy to save their own lives.  Any who wish to return to their homes or wherever their feet shall take them are also welcome to leave at any time.  We have little provender with us so it will be a long and hungry march but to remain here means death.  Any who wish to go to Astoria and continue their education may do so or you may set out to wherever you will from there.”  
None of the students seemed too intent on leaving so they passed around what little provisions they had, made a meager breakfast, and set off at once.  Those with horses (or unicorns) ranged ahead or behind to watch for any sign of ambush or pursuit.  They awoke early in the morning and marched until almost dark with only a few stops along the way.  Water was plentiful, as the land through which they traveled was rich in little streams and minor rivers, but food was scarce.  An occasional fish or squirrel was taken along the way and a few wild berries or mushrooms were discovered as they walked, but nothing to satisfy such a company.  On a couple of occasions, someone managed to bring down a deer with a bow so they did not starve, but by the time they reached Astoria, all had had to tighten their belts.  
As the weary parade wound its way into the courtyard of the castle in Astoria, the Lady herself came out to meet them.  She looked in surprise at the dirty, weary refugees and immediately sent servants running to make preparations for their guests.  She nodded knowingly as Arora told her story.  They had had word that the castle had fallen, but no one knew what had come of its occupants.  The Lady rejoiced at seeing them all alive.  “Where is Tristan?” asked Arora, hoping against hope that he was still in Astoria.  
The Lady smiled sympathetically, “I have sent him on a vital mission to the South.  I am sorry he is not here to greet you.”  Arora nodded dully, she was in desperate need of food and sleep.  The Lady put her arm around her and led her into the castle.


Chapter 5

Tristan, Trap, and Geff had been riding south for nearly a week and had encountered nothing strange upon their road.  They traveled as fast as only a unicorn on vital a mission could and were making excellent time.  Every night they had camped and lived on what they carried in their saddlebags but their provisions were running low.  Tristan hoped to restock in a village he hoped to reach by evening.  They reached the village without incident and were able to find what they needed for the next leg of their journey.  They stopped at the inn, just for the company of other people, but planned to sleep rough, taking an inconspicuous seat near the back, just enjoying the fire and the sound of quiet talk.  It was a nice change from the monotony of travel and the unvaried company of their traveling companions.  A traveling musician stood up to perform and the talk quieted in anticipation of a little entertainment.  
Before the man had played a single note, he was accosted by three men who came storming in the door, the leader of the group proclaimed, “you are under arrest.”  
“Me?” asked the confused performer.  
“Who else?” growled the leader.  
“Why?” asked the man with a lopsided grin, “Is my music that bad?”  
“You are one of those filthy Brethren and the Legion has declared you and your kind outlaws,” sneered the man.  
“I am a who?” asked the confused singer.  
“You heard me,” snarled the leader, “I know your kind.”  
“I am a traveling musician,” said the man nervously, “I earn my living traveling between villages singing simple folk songs.  What do I have to do with these Brethren of yours?”  
“A likely story,” sneered the leader, “it is a well known fact that certain of the Brethren are accomplished singers.”  
“Then you have not heard me sing,” smiled the man, “I am only an adequate singer.”  The crowd laughed but the leader did not find it amusing.  
“You will come with me to Panymycea to stand trial for treason,” said the leader in satisfaction.  
“And if I do not?” asked the man defiantly. 
“We will have our own little trial here and my men and I will be judge, jury, and executioners.”  The man turned white at the thought, but doubted his chances in Panmycea would be much better.  
“Leave the poor man alone,” said Tristan, “he is not one of those you seek.”  
“And how would you know?” growled the leader.  
“I have met these people you speak of on occasion and it is obvious he is not counted among them,” said Tristan, “for one thing, he carries no sword.  For another, he is scared witless.  Neither would be counted a positive trait among those people.  Why not let him perform and then you may decide for yourself.”  
“Very well,” growled the leader, “but if he turns out to be one of them, I am coming for you as well.”  
Tristan returned to his place.  Geff’s eyes were as big as dinner plates.  Occasionally the leader sent an evil look in Tristan’s direction, but he said nothing.  The man was correct, he was only an adequate singer, and with the soldiers watching him, he was so terrified that his usually mediocre performance was so bad it was almost painful to endure.  
After the evening’s entertainment, or perhaps a mild form of torture, the leader approached the singer and said, “you are either a very good faker or you are the worst musician I have heard in my life.  Either way, you are safe, for now, although I would keep a low profile in the coming days, if I were you.  The next time you may not get off so easily.”  He turned to Tristan and said, “you would do well to keep your nose out of things that do not concern you.”  Tristan bowed his head in acquiescence.  The man seemed mollified and he and his men retreated to their rooms.  
Tristan faced the singer, “I am sorry for his behavior towards you, but the days grow evil.  I would do as he says for the time being.  It is not safe to be mistaken for certain people in these troubled times.”  
“How did you know that I was not one of those…er…Brethren?” asked the astonished man, “And why did you stand up for me when you could have let them do with me as they wished?”  
“Because I am one of the Brethren,” whispered Tristan, “and if you wish to know more you must travel to Astoria to find out.  If you go hence, you will at least be able to improve your singing and stay out of harm’s way for a time.”
The man smiled in thanks and astonishment as the three men disappeared into the night.  He wasted no time in finding his horse and making the journey north.  From the hallway leading off towards the rooms, the leader quietly watched the exchange between the stranger and the singer.  Though unable to hear, he grew suspicious.  He sent his men to watch the three strangers.  The three crept into a little hollow they had staked out earlier in the day.  Geff and Trap crawled thankfully into their blankets as Tristan sat up for the first watch.  The two spies huddled in the darkness some distance away from the little camp watching, but saw nothing more exciting than the man on watch waking his replacement and then seeking his own blankets.  In the small hours of the night they crept back to the inn and reported their lack of findings to their leader.  
“We shall see what comes of them in the morning,” growled the man.  
In the morning, the men went again to the little hollow in the hill.  The men had broken camp and were mounting horses that seemed to have wandered willingly out of the woods.  Soon they were off again at speeds that no mere horse could match.  Their leader cursed when he heard this report.  Three of the Brethren had been right under his nose and he had missed them.  He went in search of the singer, hoping to have vengeance on someone but he too had vanished.  
As they rode, Tristan wondered idly about the growing tension between the Brethren and the Legion and hoped things were not progressing too fast.  He did not relish the thought of open war while their mission remained unaccomplished.  But he felt it was growing very dangerous to be known as one of the Brethren or even suspected of such.  They spent the next week much as the first, until finally they were forced to once again restock their supplies.  By this time they had reached one of the bustling southern kingdoms with its many large cities.  Tristan hoped to lose himself in the crowds.  In Docen, a city of moderate size on the northern borders of Salita, they easily found what they needed and again risked an evening in company with strangers.  
Trap was uneasy about being seen in public, “there are those from my former life who may recognize me and jeopardize our entire mission.”  
Tristan nodded in understanding, but he felt that a night in company would do them all good, especially in these cheerless times.  “I understand the risk,” said Tristan, “but you cannot spend your entire life hiding.  I am sure both of us have acquired a number of enemies over the years.  Geff is the only one who remains free of such infamy.”  Trap nodded in acquiescence and followed Tristan into a small inn on the edge of town.  It was not a spot frequented by outsiders and the locals looked curiously at the three men as they sat down at a corner table, but soon returned to their ale or their game of darts.  
A shifty fellow that had seen the trio in the marketplace followed them into the inn and boldly seated himself at their table.  “Good even fine sirs,” said the man, “I have some information to sell for the right price.”  
“We are not interested in buying gossip,” said Tristan, “you had best move along.”  
The man smiled knowingly, "but me fine sirs," said the stranger, "I thinks you would be very much interested in what I has to say."  The stranger rifled through the shapeless bag he carried and withdrew a somewhat crumpled parchment and tossed it on the table for their perusal.  Only years of practice managing their facial expressions in response to surprise allowed both men to keep straight faces though inwardly they were amazed.  
"And what would this have to do with us?" asked Tristan lightly.  
The man laughed, "very good master, but there is no fooling me.  It is you two gentlemen that this pertains to.  Now are you willing to listen?"  Upon the sheet of parchment was drawn a very striking resemblance to both Trap and Tristan.  Along with the drawings were demands that they be taken immediately if encountered and hints of a reward if captured.  
"Where did you come across such a thing?" asked Trap.  
"I have me sources," laughed the man, "but do not worry, such drawings are not common or widespread.  You have to know people who know people as it were.  But it seems someone is eager to lay hands on you two."  
"What exactly are you wanting?" asked Tristan suspiciously.  
The man smiled in anticipation, "I want to know who you are, who wants you, why they want you, and what you will do for me to make sure that does not happen."  
"Who we are is none of your business," said Tristan bluntly, "who wants us and why, you must discover from these 'people who know people.'  This is the first we have heard or seen of such a thing.  As far as what we will do for you, we will forget this conversation and you would do well to do the same.  I fear the people behind this are not known for dealing kindly with outsiders who interfere in their business.  You would do well to destroy the evidence and forget you ever saw us.  If you persist in making trouble, I fear you will soon be in so deep that you may not come out of this alive."  
"Are you threatening me?" asked the man.  
"Not at all," said Tristan, "this plot stems from some of the vilest men who yet walk the earth.  It is dangerous to deal with such as they.  I am simply telling you that you take your life in your hands to become involved in things you do not understand.  We are not a threat to you unless you plan to physically assault us."  The man looked as if he had just lost all he had on the brink of gaining everything.  
"Are you sure there is nothing you can give me for my trouble?" asked the man despairingly.  
Tristan smiled grimly, "we have nothing but the clothes on our backs and a few odd coins in our pouches.  We have nothing you would want.  And I have given you more than you may know.  Perhaps I have saved your life if you heed my words."  
"We will see," said the man glumly, placing the parchment back into his bag and walking dejectedly from the inn.  
All three men exchanged startled looks, then Tristan said, "perhaps you are right Trap.  I fear the Legion is behind this and the Brotherhood behind them.  It is not safe to appear in public more often than we must.  Let us wait a few moments to allay suspicions and then leave immediately."  The others nodded their agreement.  They waited a few minutes, finished their drinks, and then quietly left the common room.
 The moon was nearly full and flooded the world with light enough to ride, at least with the keen night vision of the unicorns.  They pressed south as hard as they dared in the darkness with a full day's journeying behind them.  After some hours, the moon vanished behind the clouds and Tristan felt it safe to stop for the night.  It was an uneasy night and there was little sleep to be found save what exhaustion brought on.  They slept a little later than usual and then pressed on once more.
At this rate they would reach the Southern Coast in less than a week and then their search for the mysterious plant would begin.  They traveled via the main road heading south, but kept a sharp watch for sight or sound of approaching travelers.  When they had early warning they would slip off the road into the surrounding woods and wait until the passersby had passed on their way.  Otherwise they traveled with the hoods of their cloaks up, it was still cool enough when the wind blew to make such a precaution not seem strange.  Five days passed and they came at last to the shores of the sea.  
"And now our true quest begins," said Tristan, "where do we start looking?"  
Trap said, "according to the Lady and the book it grows on the southern slopes of the hills in the far south.  We are definitely as far south as one can go without a boat and I am sure it is not an aquatic species.  I suggest we start combing the southern slopes of these wooded hills or perhaps find a local expert in all things herbal."  
Tristan said, "I wish to keep this a secret if we can, but time is also of the essence.  We will look for a time and if nothing avails us we must seek out someone knowledgeable in local herb lore."  They spent the better part of two days searching the wooded hills for some sign of the plant but found nothing amongst the verdant growth of Spring.  Finally, they had to admit they needed help.  
 There was a village an hour's ride distant and they set off towards it at once.  Inquiry of the local shopkeepers and farm folk about the presence of an herbalist or someone who knew the medicinal properties of plants soon revealed what they sought; they received directions to the cottage of the local dealer in herbs and cures.  It was not so much a cottage as a ramshackle hut sitting alone out in the woods, but it was the only thing that resembled a human dwelling in the area; it must be what they sought.  The unicorns halted a bowshot from the shack, refusing to go further and flaring their nostrils and snorting as if they smelled something foul beyond the reach of human olfaction.  The men dismounted and intrepidly approached the forbidding structure.  The air seemed laden with decay and mold, it was not a cheery atmosphere.  Tristan knocked on the door and it creaked open ominously.  
"Hello?" called Trap into the dismal building.  
No one answered.  Cautiously, Tristan pushed the door open with his sword.  They waited.  Nothing happened.  Like mice sneaking into a cat infested barn, they crept into the cottage.  While ramshackle on the outside, the inside was quite different.  Everything was neat, tidy, and well ordered.  Various bundles of nameless herbs hung from the ceiling while neatly labeled glass jars filled shelf after shelf upon the walls.  A cheery fire burned on the hearth and a fresh bouquet of flowers sat in a jar of water upon the table.  Someone had been here very recently.  Silence hung in the air, save the crackling of the fire and their own quiet breathing.  Every now and then, Tristan thought he heard something quite out of place in the tranquil scene.  Localizing the sound, he cautiously moved in the direction of the strange noise.  A little door at the back of the cottage, that presumably opened into the back garden, was slightly ajar and behind it hid a little old woman sobbing as silently as she could.  
 Moved with compassion, Tristan asked gently, "why do you cry Madam?"  
She looked up at him, surprise showing through her reddened eyes, "have you not come to kill me?"  
"Of course not!" said Tristan in surprise, "We seek your knowledge of local plants.  Why would we seek your life?"  Then he thought what it must look like to the poor old woman to have three armed and mounted men ride into her garden and demand to know if anyone was at home.  He said gently, "I apologize if our appearance startled you.  We mean you no harm.  Are things so bad here as all that?  I know evil stirs and dangers multiply, but are you mortally afraid even in your own house?"  
"I rarely have visitors so armed or even mounted," said she, "but there is a feel about you that I do not like.  It is not a feel of anything evil or malicious, but almost the opposite, if that is possible.  Could it be said you stink of goodness?"  She almost laughed.  Coming back inside she said, "let us have some tea and discuss whatever it is you have traveled so far to find.  By your accents I would say you are not from the Southern Kingdoms.  What has brought you so far to my humble abode?  What can I offer that greater minds cannot?"  
Tristan smiled at the old woman's sharp mind and direct questions.  "You guess rightly my lady," said he, "we have traveled from far in the north seeking a certain plant that grows only in southern climes, but have been unable to locate such on our own.  We hope that you could give us some direction as to finding it."  
"So it is only chance that has caused our paths to cross," laughed the old woman, "you came seeking a plant, not me specifically.  And what plant do you seek?"  
The three exchanged looks and Tristan said, "madam, this is a delicate matter and must not become widely known."  
She smiled secretively and said, "so it is in secret you have traveled thus and your errand must remain so?  What strange happenings could cause such pains to be taken for a simple herb?  What plant could be of such importance?"  
Trap said, "pardon my interruption madam, but you said you did not like the feel of us and therefore hid yourself.  Can you shed some light on this matter?"  
She smiled grimly, "you see much young man.  It is wise of you to ask before entrusting such as I with your secrets.  Let us just say that I have occasionally dabbled in things arcane and dark, seeking knowledge and healing.  By touching such evil, even slightly, I seem to 'sense' things unseen."  
Trap gasped, "have you any idea how dangerous even dabbling around the edges of such things can be?  How seductive?  Though you do not seem as one who has traded her soul for power undreamt."  
 She nodded sagely, "you are wise beyond your years.  No, I have not done such a vile thing and it has been many years since I have dabbled in the dark arts.  Though how one such as you could know of these things I do not know."  
"I have my own twisted story," said Trap quietly, "of bitter years, long and dark.  But they are in the past and I am a different man.  My question to you is this: can we trust you with our secret or will you betray us to those who may profit by such information?"  
She looked directly at him and said, "I know your eyes have looked upon evil greater than I have ever imagined.  Whatever has redeemed you from such horrible bondage must be something more wonderful than I can dream, but know this, I will not betray you even under pain of death.  What is it you seek?"  
Trap knew she spoke the truth and whispered, "Dragonsbane."  
The old woman gasped but said, "you are not foolish young men seeking glory in the slaying of dragons so why do you seek such a thing?"  
Tristan said quietly, "there is a black dragon, dark and terrible, who intends great harm towards all men.  We have been sent to find the only thing that may provide a chance of stopping him.  I am friends with several of his green kin and mean no harm towards the rest of their noble kind."  
The woman seemed satisfied, "I will show you."  
She collected a few necessary items, fetched her cloak, and was soon ready to go, but as they walked outside, the woman froze upon seeing their mounts.  “What manner of sorcery is this?” asked she in a stunned voice, “They appear to be horses but are not.  They have the same cloying feel about them as yourselves.  I will go no further until you explain who you are and what you are up to.”  
Tristan sighed but said, “our quest is as we have said.  Who we are is not important, but if you must know I will leave it up to them to reveal their true identities, if they wish.”  He glanced at the unicorns, still standing where they had left them.  They all sensed some clinging remnant of evil about the woman and her abode, but seeing the difficulty of the situation and knowing their masters’ minds on the matter, Taragon chose to risk it.  For a brief moment, he was again an imposing unicorn stallion in all his power and beauty, but just as quickly he again appeared a rangy sorrel gelding.  
The woman gasped and dropped to her knees, “I thought they were a myth.  That everything was just wishful thinking and fairy tales.  Is it true?  Are they real?  Are you?”  
Tristan grasped her hand and gently raised her to her feet.  He said, “you have seen for yourself what few outside the Brethren have ever seen.  You said you have dabbled in evil.  If true evil exists, there must also be true good.  The Master is as real as the Evil One, actually more so, since He is the source of all things, though much has been distorted by evil choices.  Will you still help us?”
“Of course,” smiled the old woman hopefully, “you have given much joy to a tired old heart.  Long have I thought good and the Master a myth and the world a cold, grey place where greed and power rule the day.  I dabbled in the darker things only because I doubted the light.  Is there still hope for me?”  
“There is always hope,” said Trap quietly, “I have done far greater evil than you could even dream and yet here I stand, almost the opposite of what once I was.”  
The woman was silent for a few moments, then coming to herself, said, “we had best be going if we are to accomplish this quest of yours by tomorrow night.”  
She opened the gate into the garden and soon returned leading a plump pony.  Laboriously, she climbed onto the little mare’s back and they quietly set off: three majestic unicorns cloaked in secrecy led by the least of all horses.  They traveled until evening fell and found a suitable place to camp.  Around their cheery little fire, the woman listened in wonder as Tristan told tales of the Master.  She was wide-eyed as a child by bedtime and as reluctant to go to bed.  
In the morning, they set off once more and by midday reached an old ruin on the edge of a rapidly flowing river.  The woman dismounted and secured her mare to a tree.  The three men followed as she led them up a winding path towards the remains of the ancient fortress.  They walked through a vine-covered archway and came into what once must have been a courtyard or garden though now overgrown with briars and thorns.  She walked confidently through the tangle to a sunny corner that had somehow escaped the weedy invasion.  In that sunny little plot grew a single plant of what all three men recognized from the drawing as Dragonsbane.  
“This,” said the old woman almost reverently, “may be the last known representative of its species.  It is a fragile plant and only grows where men tend it and it has been long since anyone dared grow it.  Long ago, when the wars raged betwixt dragons and men, it was part of the truce that the dragons would withdraw into the wilds if men destroyed this vile plant.  And so it was done and we have had a tentative truce to this day, that is why you must only use it at the uttermost end of need.  If the old dragon breaks the truce, you may use the plant, but it must not be used offensively.”  She looked at all three men and they nodded their agreement.  “Very well,” said she, “I know not why this little plant has survived the eons while all its kin have passed into legend, but perhaps it is not chance that has brought you thus.  You need only a few leaves to kill an army of dragons.  Each of you pluck a leaf and we shall press them in a book so that it may be used at need.”  
Each man plucked a leaf and Trap brought forth the book they had lugged across the breadth of the world.  The woman gasped when she saw the title, “I thought all copies of that had long since gone the way of the plant!  ‘Winkelman’s Botanical Compendium,’ was written a thousand years ago.  I have but a few pages.  May I see it?”  Trap solemnly handed the book to the ecstatic woman, who began carefully turning pages and making happy murmurs as she read.  The three men exchanged amused glances.  After a few moments Tristan cleared his throat.  “Oh yes,” said the woman serenely, “we must be going if we are to reach my cottage by nightfall.”  They each placed their carefully plucked leaf into the book and resumed their saddles.
As evening fell they reached the woman’s cottage.  She said, “you must stay for supper.  I would love the company and a chance to look through that wonderful tome again.”  
Tristan smiled, “we will stay the night but must be gone at sunrise.  If you wish to peruse this and an array of other such literature, the libraries of Astoria are full of them.  You may come and browse at your leisure.  
The woman smiled her thanks and said, “perhaps I shall come there one day, if it holds treasures such as this.”  
They enjoyed a merry supper, full of the bounty of the woman’s garden.  They rose early and after light breakfast, bade their hostess a fond farewell.  Before they rode off, Trap checked to make sure each of the precious leaves was held safely within the pages of the book.  As the sun peeked over the distant hills, they began their journey north and home.  The woman watched them go with a growing sadness; they had brought something that had long been absent from her house.  Without a second thought she walked back inside and began packing for the long journey into the North; she soon set off in search of joy.
As they journeyed north, they avoided people as much as they could, but were still forced to restock their dwindling supplies every now and then.  A unicorn could leave as few signs of its passing as wind on stone and could travel just as swiftly; they were the ideal mount for those wishing to pass secretly and quickly from place to place.  However, their masters could not survive on grass and leaves as they could.  In a market town in the middle-of-nowhere, they stopped to get supplies in the mid-afternoon ten days into their return journey.  
Unlike a normal market day, there was little cheer or chaos to be found.  Few people went about their business and those that did carried out their errands in uneasy haste.  There was not the chatter, energy, and excitement that accompanied a normal market day in towns throughout the world.  Something was dreadfully amiss.  Tristan and Trap waited with the unicorns on the edge of town as Geff walked in alone, since he was the least likely to attract unwanted attention.  The few local folk about eyed him suspiciously, but soon enough the reason for their disquiet revealed itself: a dozen armed men in Legion uniforms loitered idly in the center of the marketplace.  They eyed the newcomer with interest; here might be a little fun to break up the monotony of the day.  
A rough looking man about the same age as Geff approached jauntily, he said, “can I help you with something, stranger?”  
“Not really,” said Geff, “I just need to get a few things before continuing on my way.”  
“I see,” said the man, “did you know swords are forbidden in the presence of the Legion?”  
Geff blanched (he still needed to work on controlling his countenance in the face of strong emotion), “no sir I did not.  I mean no harm or disrespect.  I have been traveling for some time and have been out of touch with recent changes in the law.  Traveling has also become very dangerous of late so I have not dared venture abroad unarmed.”  The men snickered at such a polite response.  
The scoundrel continued, “as it is your first offense, I will not arrest you.  But since you insist on going about armed, perhaps we will have a little contest?”  
“A contest?” asked Geff nervously.  
“Yes,” said the man gaily, “a little contest of skill between you and us.  Hopefully you will not get yourself killed.”  The other men laughed.  This was going to be fun!  The man drew his sword and said, “there are a few rules, however.  If you hit me, that is a very bad thing.  If I hit you, that is your problem.  Any questions?  You had best draw your sword.”  
Geff bared his blade and prepared to face off with the man, idly wondering if he would have to spar with all twelve men.  He was far from the most skilled of the Brethren with a sword, but he was not bad.  He held his own with his opponent, managing not to inflict or receive any blows.  The man soon tired of the duel and passed it on to the next in command.  Geff cycled through half a dozen opponents, breathing hard and wondering if he was going to make it.  His first opponent clapped his hands, “very good boy!  We may have a use for you.”  
Geff swallowed, “a use?”  
“Of course,” laughed the man menacingly, “we are always in need of a good swordsman.  Congratulations, you have just volunteered for the Legion.”  
“I have no interest in joining a military organization,” said Geff plaintively.  
“You do not have much choice unless you would like to be executed for treason,” sneered the man.  
“I guess it is no choice at all,” agreed Geff reluctantly.  
Their mission was too vital to compromise by making trouble with the Legion.  He caught the eyes of Tristan and Trap, watching in the distance, and shook his head slightly.  They understood and quickly vanished from sight.  The other man looked suspiciously in their direction but saw nothing.  He placed a firm hand on Geff’s shoulder and led him out of sight, into the inn.
Tristan and Trap looked at each other in desperation.  The mission was vital, but they could not leave the boy to his fate.  But neither of them could intervene without the possibility of revealing their mission.  There were a dozen men from the Legion and only three of them, assuming Geff was allowed to keep his sword.  If they did intervene the odds were good that one or all of them might be injured or killed.  
Tristan sighed heavily, “we cannot leave him but we cannot go after him either.  He is still an apprentice and under my protection but the Lady has bidden haste and secrecy.  I do not know what to do.  If it were up to me, I would not hesitate to go after him.”  
Trap was silent for several moments and said, “he knew the risks when he took his Oath.  We all did.  It is not a choice I wish to make, but I counsel continuing with our journey.  Geff has the skills and wisdom to get himself out of this situation if we only give him the chance.  I do not think our interference will be of benefit to him in his current circumstances.  Nor can we imperil our mission for his sake.”  
Tristan nodded grimly, “those are my thoughts as well, yet I cannot help but feel that we are simply abandoning him to his fate.”  
Trap said, “we must complete the mission, and then if the Lady is willing we can pursue the boy.  But we must continue on.  This mission is more important than any of our individual lives; the very fate of the world is at stake.”  Tristan shook his head in resignation, but there was little he could do but go on.  They did not dare return to town to buy supplies and were forced to go on with what little they had left.  Reluctantly they turned their mounts towards Astoria.


Chapter 6

Geff was not eager to join such an outfit but had little choice.  He hoped his companions had understood that they were not to jeopardize the mission in an attempted rescue.  He could sense his unicorn outside somewhere and got the impression from him that Trap and Tristan had done as he wished.  Something inside him wanted to despair at being utterly alone, but he would never let such gloomy thoughts overshadow his mind.  He was never truly alone as long as he clung firmly to the Master and the Truth.  He let himself relax and tried to steel himself for whatever came next.  The door of his room banged open unceremoniously and in walked Harl, the man who had started all of this nonsense.  
“Ready for supper boy?” asked the man, “The innkeeper has graciously decided to provide us with the best he has.  Of course he does not have much choice in the matter, much like you.  Come along then.”  
Geff reluctantly followed the man out of the cramped little room and into the common room.  They were alone save for the serving maids and the other men from the Legion.  They were a disreputable lot, and never thought to use anything even resembling manners.  Geff felt terrible for the innkeeper and his staff as they were forced to put up with such abuse for no compensation.  After the meal, of which Geff ate little, Harl escorted him back to his room (which he shared with three others) and sat him down on the bed.  
“This is how it is going to be,” said the man, “if you behave yourself and do as you are told things will go well with you and you may even get to go home in a year or three.  If you decide not to cooperate we will know how to deal with you.  If you want to live you will obey orders.  Do I make myself clear?”  Geff nodded glumly.  “Good,” continued Harl, “now the Legion is going to war.  Our first stop is Vespera, but it may be the whole world after that.  And you are in it for the long haul.  It will not be too bad and who knows, maybe you will get rich out of the deal?  There are power and riches to be had for those who advance our cause.  Do not look so glum.  You will learn to like it, we are not such a bad lot.”  Geff tried to look excited but failed miserably.  He could not think of anywhere he would rather spend less time than with men such as this.  Harl laughed and walked out of the room.  Geff lay down and tried to sleep until his raucous roommates returned late in the night after much drinking and merry making.
“If it ain’t the new recruit,” slurred one drunken soldier.  
“Why are ye not down enjoying the evening?” asked another.  
“I have no interest in such things,” said Geff quietly.  
“You do not like fun then?” asked the third.  
“I find enjoyment in many things,” said Geff, “drunken revelry is not one of them.”  
“Tsk tsk,” said the first, “a little uppity now aren’t we?”  
“Too good for the likes of us,” sneered the second.  
“What is the use of soldiering if you cannot enjoy yerself along the way?” asked the first.  Geff sighed and tried to get back to sleep.  
“I do not think so,” said the second, “there are two beds and four of us.  That means the new guy gets the floor.”  
Geff grabbed a pillow and blanket and settled himself as best he could in a far corner of the room.  He was used to sleeping rough so it really was no bother to him, but the other man forced to do likewise complained bitterly.  Early the next morning, Harl came round the rooms and roused everyone from their beds.  Geff was up and ready to go almost immediately but his companions were red-eyed and showing various signs that they might be ruing last night’s revelry.  They were a sad lot as Harl shuffled them downstairs for breakfast and then out the door towards their waiting horses.  
He turned to Geff and said, “I do not suppose you have a horse?”  
For the first time that Harl had ever seen, Geff smiled and said, “I do.  He is tied in the woods.  Let me go get him.”  
Harl said, “not so fast, I will send one of the others to get him.  Where is he?”  Geff pointed vaguely in the direction he felt his mount to be.  Harl sent one of the others running to find the animal.  Geff bid him stay and allow himself to be led.  He was not happy about it but he complied.  
The man returned shortly with the beast and said, “he must have pulled loose or something.  I found him running free.”  
“No matter,” said Harl, “but we had best be on our way.  It will not do to be late.  Everybody in their saddles.  Now!”  All about the loose grouping of men and horses, chaos broke out as thirteen men flung themselves haphazardly into their saddles.  Geff was placed somewhere in the middle of the group as they rode; fleeing was not an option.  They could easily fell him with an arrow before he had time to ride more than a few paces.
They rode all day and as evening fell, they came upon another village, which they promptly set about terrorizing as they had done in the previous one.  They bullied the locals, fought, drank and never paid for anything.  Geff was miserable as he watched their carousing and the grief it caused the locals.  Three more days passed in like manner.  On their fourth day of travel, they came to a small village and stopped at midday.  
Harl said, “there is not another good place to stop before dark and I do not want to be caught outside overnight.  That would never do.”  
Geff was amazed at their proclivity for comfort over their need for swiftness of travel.  If this was the pride of the Legion, Geff thought the whole army must be a disgrace.  While on the road, they had little time to cause mischief, but on days they traveled only half a day (such as the day they met Geff), there was plenty of time for mischief.  As they appeared on the village green, the locals immediately fled indoors.  Two strangers, who had been passing through, looked around in wonder at the sudden change in atmosphere.  
Harl dismounted and threw his reins to an underling, “hello gentlemen.  I think you had best be moving on.  We would not like to see anything unpleasant happen here today.”  
“Unpleasant?” asked one of the men.  
“We do not like strangers or trouble,” said Harl with an evil smile, “I suggest you move along.”  
“We have as much right as anyone to be here,” said the other man.  
“Not any more,” said Harl, “this village is now under my authority and I am telling you to leave.”  
“Very well,” said the stranger, “we do not wish to cause trouble.  We are leaving.”  
“Not so fast,” said Harl, “I see both of you are armed.  Are you not aware that a sword in my presence is illegal?”  The men were as confused as Geff had been upon encountering Harl and his curious logic.  “I will let you go,” said Harl, “if you agree to a little sparring with me and my boys.”  The men exchanged a worried look, but seeing little choice in the matter went along with it.
Geff sighed, this was not his idea of fun.  The men turned out to be efficient swordsmen and Harl quickly decided they needed to join his unit.  Geff wondered if Harl received some sort of bonus for conscripting people into the Legion.  He could understand that in a war the Legion would need as many swords as they could get, but he did not think men soldiering against their will or out of fear was the best way to keep up troop morale.  The new recruits were breathlessly hustled into the inn before they knew what was happening.  Geff was sent with them to ‘acquaint’ them with their new lot in life while two other men were sent to guard the door of their room to make sure no one attempted to escape.  The guards were not happy about their assignment but were too afraid of Harl to complain openly.  Geff was unceremoniously tossed into the room and the door was slammed behind him.  The two stunned men looked at the boy curiously.  Unlike everyone else he wore neither uniform nor sword.  They wondered who he was and why all three of them were crammed into this tiny room like fish in a barrel.  
“Welcome to the Legion,” said the boy grimly, “I am called Geff and several days ago I found myself in the same situation you are now facing.  I have been volunteered to ‘acquaint’ you with your new lives but hardly know more than you do.  I was told we are marching to war and if I hope to get out alive, I had best obey orders.”  
The men exchanged a worried look and the first said, “we were just passing through the village on our own business.  What right have they to treat us so?”  
“They have the right of might, I think,” said Geff, “as long as their swords outnumber ours, we must do as we are told or meet a swift end.”  
“I fear the boy is right,” said the second, “we at least need to cooperate long enough to chance an escape.”  
“Where are we going?” asked the first.  
“Vespera,” said Geff, “that seems to be the first target for this ill-plotted war.  After that, who knows?”  
“We have friends in Vespera,” said the second man, “perhaps such a destination will not prove to be so much of an inconvenience after all.”  The first man smiled grimly and Geff felt hope stirring for the first time in days.  
They soon entered the embattled country and en route to its capital city, passed through many abandoned villages and farmsteads.  The Queen had ordered her people inside the walls of the city or to flee to surrounding countries lest they be set upon by raiders from the Legion.  The men looked glumly at the deserted homes and inns, for the refugees had left little in the way of provisions or valuables, only empty buildings and an odd assortment of household items were left behind.  Nothing remained, at least nothing of interest to looters or raiders.  They spent a final night in an empty inn before their final push towards the besieged city.  
Upon arrival, Harl reported in with a superior officer and the three ‘recruits’ were handed off for someone else to deal with.  Harl watched them go with a greedy leer on his face.  The three men were tossed into a large tent with a handful of other conscripts and told to be quiet.  There were already six other men in the tent, all looked at the newcomers curiously but without much hope in their eyes.  
“Welcome to insanity my friends,” whispered a bearded man, “life will get much stranger before it ends.”  Geff did not find these words at all comforting.  What had he gotten himself into?  The three newcomers found places to sit around the perimeter of the tent and stared at the door flap in expectation, as all the other men were doing: whatever was going to happen would come through that door, they had only to wait.  
Shortly, a man came into the tent and stood in the center, ready to address the new recruits.  He said, “up until now your lives have been easy and your actions have been of your own volition.  But from here on out, you belong to me and to the Legion.  You are here because you have at least marginal skill with a blade.  We can use that and if you turn out to be proficient soldiers, reward and power loom large in your future.  If you resist or revolt, you will not long survive such actions.  Listen to orders and you will not have anything to worry about.”  He looked intently towards the door and men came in bearing bundles of clothes.  He continued, “these are your uniforms.  Wear them with pride.  You will also be given weapons and horses, but remember my warning and do nothing foolish.  Report to me outside the tent once you are changed.”  He strode importantly from the tent.  
The men exchanged morose looks but obediently put on the colors of the enemy.  Geff felt a fool in his uniform but felt better for having a blade at his side once more.  They assembled in the area in front of the tent in some semblance of military precision.  Their commanding officer looked on them as if they were pathetic.  Geff thought he might be right.  The officer began, “you can use a sword, but you have no military background.  We can work with that.  Just fall in with the men around you and do as they do.  Precision will come with time and practice; we do not have the luxury of training you as we would like so you will just have to learn as you go.  Do not disappoint me.”  
Three officers waited to take them to their new units.  Geff and his two companions were herded in one direction and the other six were divided into groups of three and driven towards their respective units.  The leadership was careful to place the newcomers in units where they were completely outnumbered so as to prevent any unwanted thoughts of escape or rebellion.
Geff’s first day as an official member of the Legion was rather uneventful.  They did little more than ride a wide patrol around the beleaguered city.  The Legion had surrounded the city and was keeping anyone from leaving or entering, but there was not yet open violence between those within and those outside.  The Legion was waiting for the rest of their troops to arrive while supplies within the city would dwindle and that despair might creep in, a most valuable ally indeed.  
An unknown number of enemy soldiers waited a half day’s ride beyond the Legion’s patrol route; they also appeared to be waiting for some unknown signal.  A few skirmishes had arisen between the unknown soldiers and the Legion but both seemed content to bide their time before full engagement.  For a full week Geff and his companions participated in the normal routines of the camp, getting to know the soldiers, their numbers, their plans, and their positions.

Tristan and Trap arrived without further incident in Astoria.  They had not stopped to restock their supplies so were running dangerously low on provisions and were nearly on starvation rations, but their mission must not fail and they dared not risk further discovery.  The Lady was at the gate to meet them, a question in her eyes.  Tristan nodded minimally and she smiled, though the lack of Geff made her very curious.  She escorted them to her favorite room and seated herself in her familiar chair.  Trap withdrew the botany book from his saddlebags and gently removed the three precious leaves from its pages.  The Lady looked at the leaves in awe, “this is all?”  
“Yes, my Lady,” said Trap, “we met an old woman experienced in herblore and she believes that we found the only plant of this kind yet growing in the lands of men.  She said a few leaves could destroy a bevy of dragons so these few should suffice for one.”  The Lady nodded in understanding and carefully placed the leaves in three separate silk bags.  One she placed in a small box with a lock and set it unobtrusively on a shelf in the corner, as if it were mere decoration.  The other two she handed to Trap and Tristan.  
She said, “guard these with your lives.  Should the unthinkable happen, you must do what is required.”  They nodded grimly in understanding, knowing that she asked them to face the beast alone, if need be.  “Now what of Geff?” asked she.  
Tristan looked at her in agony, “about a week ago he was captured by a dozen men of the Legion.  It came to our attention that the Legion and the Brotherhood have a bounty out on both Trap and myself.  We needed supplies so I sent Geff into a little market town thinking he would not be recognized.  There was a company of Legion soldiers in the village and they started harassing him.  They figured out he knew his way with a sword and I think they conscripted him.  I wanted to rescue him, but with our mission such as it was we had no choice but to complete it before going after him.  The last I saw of him, he also shook his head in our direction as if he were saying not to follow him.  It is my fault he is not here and is in the hands of the enemy.”
The Lady stood and placed a reassuring hand on the back of her guilt-ridden servant.  She said, “it is not your fault.  You did your duty and Geff did his.  It is no one’s fault but the Legion’s and I do not think this was a chance encounter.  You of all people should know that the Master can make great use of such strange circumstances.  Do not let guilt or anguish eat away at your spirit, that will not help the boy.  I am sending you and several others to Vespera to reinforce those already there, and I have a feeling you may just find your missing apprentice.  Take heart and trust the Master in this, as in all things.”  Tristan bowed in acquiescence.  “Now,” said she, “your wife is here and desperately wishes to see you before you ride off again.  You have a day before you ride to war.  Go and find her.”  He smiled thankfully at the Lady and all traces of doubt and grief seemed gone from his face and heart.  He bowed himself out and went in search of Arora.  
After he had gone, the Lady turned to Trap, “I fear I must keep you here for now.  You and Tristan will be kept in the most likely places the dragon may choose to attack.  You are our only hope should the unthinkable occur.  I will alternate you both between the battlefront and Astoria, both are likely targets should the dragon choose to intervene.  There is plenty to be done here in preparing our students and recruits for the coming battle.  Even with our agents having to go underground for fear of the Legion, the number of recruits coming in is impressive.  I suppose imminent danger makes one think more of right and wrong, life and death rather than peace and tranquility.  You have done very well and I am  quite proud of you and how far you have come.”
  Trap smiled at her simple praise.  Not once during his entire stint with the Brotherhood had he felt such joy and contentment over so small a comment.  It meant more to him than all the dark power he had amassed over years of service to evil.  The Lady returned his smile and motioned that he might go.  He bowed and made his escape, happy as he had never been before coming to the Brethren.

Tristan desperately sought for and soon found Arora.  He thought she had never looked so beautiful though she had not yet noticed him.  She was busy working with a small group of students on the history of some lost kingdom.  When she did look up, the delight on her face might have made the whole world break into joyous song.  She set the students to studying a section of text and walked to the back of the small room, joining Tristan in the hallway.  They said nothing but held one another for a long time.  Finally she said, “why do you always come to me covered in dust and smelling of horse sweat?”  
He laughed, “I thought that was how fashionable ladies liked their men?”  
She laughed, “we like them to bathe after slaying dragons and before they wait upon us.”  At the mention of slaying dragons, Tristan became very quiet.  “What is it?” asked Arora.  
“What do you know of the quest we have just returned from?” he asked.  
“Only that it was of the utmost secrecy and importance,” said Arora.  
Tristan said, “there is a very real chance that if this dragon attacks, I may be the one to face it.”  
Arora gasped in horror, “but that means…”  
“Yes,” said Tristan quietly as he held her close, “if it is my fate to face the monster, I will most likely not come away from the encounter.  But we both knew the risks when we took our Oaths and even when we said our Vows.  Death can only part us for a time, and it could take either of us at any moment.”  
“I know,” she wept, “but it does not make it any easier.”  
“No,” he said, “it should never be easy, but it should not cause us to lose hope or neglect our duties.  We must mourn when we can, but never allow our grief to overcome us.  Of all people, we have the least cause for grief and mourning.”  She looked up at him and her weeping ceased.  Whatever happened, she knew he was right.  
“When must you leave again?” asked she.  
“I leave tomorrow for the front at Vespera,” he said.  
“Then we had best make use of our time,” said Arora, “I will dismiss my students and find someone to cover the rest of my classes today.”  She quickly accomplished her errands and they spent the balance of the day together.
Morning came too quickly, as did the time for their parting.  Tristan held her close as the other men who were to accompany him finished the last few preparations before they rode forth.  The Lady came into the courtyard to bid them farewell.  All gathered bowed as one.  Tristan kissed his wife one last time and swung into Taragon’s saddle.  
Once all were mounted, the Lady said, “it has never been our custom to wage open war.  Nor are we an army sent to conquer or defend.  We are there to direct, encourage, and fight only at the last end of need.  You are not common soldiers.  Remember your mission and may the Master ride with you.”  
They wheeled their mounts and rode off into the brightening day.  The Lady put a gentle arm around Arora and led her back into the castle.  Tristan and four others, including Bristol, rode forth to war.  They pressed as hard as they could, hoping to make it to Vespera before it was too late.  They might as well not arrive at all as arrive after all was decided.  Thus far, the scouts reported a standoff between the Legion, the city, and Karly’s army.  Those opposing the Legion consisted mostly of Karly’s men: those who had formerly belonged to the Order but had been dismissed before it became the Legion.  There were also Vesperan soldiers and soldiers from surrounding countries that had sent men in response to Vespera’s call for aid.  
Tristan fervently hoped more men from neighboring countries had arrived in the time it took for his company to reach Vespera.  He doubted this was an isolated incident, rather he feared it was the first move in a larger war that might not end short of world conquest or utter ruination for all involved.  If enough countries looked outside their own borders for once and treated this as an international threat rather than a local skirmish and sent enough men, perhaps they could disable their foe in one swift stroke rather than enduring a long, drawn out war.  But such was the danger and evil that grew and multiplied in all lands, that Tristan doubted such aid could or would be spared for one small country.
The Lady did not send the Brethren to the battlefront to fight the battle themselves, though they would undoubtedly be involved in the fighting.  She sent them to act as advisors, scouts, messengers, and to aid in strategy, morale, and training.  They were highly trained and skilled in various things besides warfare, making them much more flexible than common soldiers.  Theirs was not a mission to start or fight wars, but to protect those put in danger by them.  They would happily sit down and negotiate peace, but oftentimes that was not an option and when fighting was necessary, they were there to see that it went as well as may be.  They rode hard, and quickly arrived at the frontlines in Vespera.  Things were still very much at a standstill as they rode into the camp.  Nothing, save a few skirmishes between opposing patrols had yet happened.  Tristan and his men reported directly to General Karly.  
The General was vastly happy to see his old friend, “always showing up where there is trouble.  It is good to see you!  Perhaps you can bring some much-needed wisdom to this standoff?  I have no idea what the enemy is waiting for, but here we sit like ladies at tea, waiting for something to happen.”  
Tristan smiled and said, “I am not sure I can shed any more light on your predicament but I will do what I can.  What is the current situation?”  
Karly went on to explain that the Queen and most of her people were waiting patiently within the walls of the city.  They had adequate supplies for a time, but that would not last forever.  The Legion surrounded the city and allowed no one in or out.  The Legion had a main camp that was well guarded and new groups of men arrived every couple days to bolster their numbers.  They sent out patrols on a regular basis just to keep an eye on things.  The ‘Order of Freemen,’ as Karly was calling his little army, was occasionally getting reinforcements from other countries or even small groups of enraged villagers, but for the most part he expected that what he had was all he would get.  They sent out patrols and had scouts in various surrounding countries, but mostly they just waited and tried to come up with some brilliant plan to defeat the Legion.  
“Some countries are sending us provisions and such things as weapons and horses,” said Karly, “it seems they are feeling guilty about not sending soldiers.  Thespia just sent us several wagonloads of their best ale.  How that is supposed to help our war effort I do not know.”  After his discussion with Karly, Tristan went in search of the other Brethren stationed in Vespera, including Turin and Pallin.  Tristan was happy to see his old friends, but grieved to hear of the loss of Conrad at the hands of the Legion.


Chapter 7

Geff sat in his tent wondering what had happened to the course of his life in the last few weeks; he also wondered what had come of Tristan and Trap.  He desperately hoped they had reached Astoria by now with their precious burden.  Some small part of him even hoped they had been sent to rescue him after they had completed their quest.  But he was content to plan his own escape should that hope fail.  He knew the risks and he knew his duty.  
“Time to go,” said his unit commander, popping his head into the tent, “we have a patrol to ride.”  
The four men in the tent quickly grabbed their gear and went to saddle their horses.  If Geff had learned anything in the ensuing weeks since his capture it had been military precision.  He tacked up his mount and flung himself into the saddle as their unit left on yet another patrol circuit.  Riding patrol was not exactly exciting but it was better than sitting in a tent with nothing to do.  It took half a day to ride the circuit around the city and they rarely encountered anything even remotely resembling a threat to a dozen armed and mounted men.  An occasional patrol ran into trouble if they encountered a patrol from the enemy encampment, but aside from a few such skirmishes, there had not been much violence in this alleged war.  
Geff knew the Legion was waiting for the rest of their men to show up and also waiting to see what the other army meant to do.  Right now, they were happy to bide their time and let desperation grow inside the walls as time trudged wearily on.  Geff was supposed to be paying attention to his surroundings, but found himself lost in thought.  Suddenly his unicorn stopped short, nearly unseating him; the creature reared and backed u, forcing Geff to return to the present.  Their patrol had come upon a sizable company of enemy soldiers and his commanding officer was shouting orders. 
 “Get into battle formation you fools!” roared the man.  Geff looked around frantically and caught the eyes of his two companions in conscription; they were smiling slightly and did not seem worried, rather hey motioned for him to come alongside them and away from the forming battle line.  “What are you doing?” roared the captain, “Get in line now or I will kill you myself!”  The three men did not listen and continued to back away from the likely battle zone.  The captain had his sword out and looked ready to fall upon the three traitors, when he noticed the others were watching him and not preparing to meet the enemy.  “Prepare for battle!” roared the man, “Out swords!”  The other men faced front as the enemy charged.  The captain deserted the renegades but said, “if we survive this, you will not.”
It was soon over.  The enemy had fifteen horsemen against nine (after Geff and his friends retreated).  The men of the Legion were soon slain or captured.  The two survivors plus Geff and his companions were escorted away under guard.  As they rode towards the enemy camp, Geff glanced over his shoulder and noticed some of the soldiers from the opposing camp collecting the uniforms of the dead men.  He wondered what that was about.  They arrived at the ‘enemy’ camp and were ordered to dismount and hand over their weapons.  Geff did as he was told, wondering into whose hands he had fallen now.  He was beginning to feel like an unwanted parcel, passing from hand to hand and never finding rest.  They were escorted into a large tent and told to sit down in the chairs provided.  After an interminable wait, two men walked in and faced the captives.
One of the men said, “two of you were captured in battle.  But three of you did not fight.  Why?”  
The older of Geff’s companions said, “we are not members of the Legion.”  
The officer smiled wryly and said, “then you wear strange uniforms.”  
The man continued, “we are unwilling conscripts into this hateful force.  I and my companion were scouts in service to General Karly when the Legion took too much of an interest in us.  Before we knew what was happening we were drafted.  The boy was recruited in a similar fashion.  We did not fight because we are not your enemies.”  The two Legion soldiers glared at them in derision, but the two officers looked at each other knowingly before the hitherto silent man went in search of the General.  Shortly, the General entered the tent.  Both of Geff’s companions bowed respectfully.  
The General smiled, “I had thought you dead or captured when you did not report in.  I had never thought you had switched sides!”  All three laughed in relief and joy.  
The scout who had spoken said, “just think of it as scouting in enemy territory, Sir.”  
The General smiled again and asked, “what of the boy?”  
“He is in similar straits, though I am not sure what his business was prior to his capture.  He is a dependable man, Sir.”  
The General nodded absently then said, “this is just what we needed.  I was hoping to get some useful information out of the captured Legionnaires but now I can get much more reliable information from my own men.  This is wonderful.”
As this discussion was going on, Tristan strode into the tent.  He nearly jumped out of his skin when he recognized Geff.  “Geff?” he asked as if he did not believe his own eyes.  
“Yes sir,” smiled the boy, “sorry I am late.”  
Karly looked at Tristan in surprise, “you know him?”  
Tristan smiled and said, “yes sir, he is one of ours.  He was captured some weeks ago and I thought the worst might have happened.  I am glad you were able to ‘capture’ my renegade apprentice.  It is a great relief to myself and many others.”  
“It seems we have three reliable witnesses as to happenings in enemy territory,” said Karly happily, “I am afraid, Geff that you have escaped one army only to join another.”  
“I am happy to serve sir,” said Geff smiling.
The now unneeded prisoners were escorted out and the three former conscripts sat down with the General and Tristan to discuss what they knew of the enemy camp and its operations.  They were able to give an excellent description of numbers, lay out of the camp, patrol routes, number of reinforcements arriving, supply lines, and general plans thus far.  
“You say they are a rather disreputable group of individuals?” asked Tristan.  
“Yes sir,” said all three at once.  
“I have never seen such a want of propriety on behalf of any military unit before,” said one of the scouts, “they are a disgrace to their uniform and every other soldier who has ever held a sword.”  
“General,” said Tristan, “I think I have a use for Thespia’s donation to the war effort.”  The General smiled in anticipation.  The camp roused itself into action and prepared for battle.
Several of the Brethren took the uniforms from the fallen or captured Legion soldiers and put them on.  A group of ten, disguised as reinforcements for the Legion, rode towards the main camp.  Geff and his companions had provided the names and procedures used by reinforcements when checking in for the first time.  The officer who received them saw nothing strange in yet another group of men in Legion uniforms reporting for duty.  The last units should be arriving within the next week and then it was hoped the war could begin in earnest.  The bored officer went about the tedious task of registering the arriving men and assigning them to a specific command.  The Legion had been recruiting heavily of late and had yet to compile a list of names, thus it was easy for the Brethren to slip in without arousing suspicion.  
They went to their assigned places and tried not to attract attention.  Late that evening, several wagons heavily laden with barrels of ale rolled into the camp.  At first, the commanders were suspicious of some trick of the enemy, but after several underlings sampled the ale it was declared legitimate.  It seemed the King of Thespia wished to make known to the Legion that he was in support of their assault upon Vespera and wished them well.  The King of Thespia became a very popular man in the camp that night and received many toasts in his honor.  The soldiers were happy to receive such a gift and happy to overindulge, though their commanding officers warned them to go easy on the alcohol.  They did not dare force the issue for fear of causing a mutiny.  It was better that they have a hung-over army in the morning than a rebellion tonight.  It was a night of revelry for many that evening, most stayed up until nearly dawn enjoying the bounty of Thespia.  
A desperate horn sounded just after sunrise, rousing the miserable soldiers from their beds.  In the night, the enemy had circled around to the east and a line of horses stood waiting for battle upon a ridge with the rising sun at their backs.  The wretched men were driven from their beds and into their saddles by brute force.  Their heads ached with too much alcohol and too little sleep.  They were a sorry excuse for a fighting force, but battle must be met or they would be slaughtered in their tents.  With much trouble and misery, they formed up and prepared for the coming onslaught.  The rising sun only added to their wretchedness.  Instead of charging, the enemy stood like statues upon the ridge, as if waiting for something.  Something happened.  
The Brethren scattered throughout the ranks of the Legion signaled their unicorns to unveil their terrible beauty.  The horses around the magnificent creatures went mad at the sight.  Riders were flung to the ground or carried off by their panic-stricken mounts.  In the confusion, the unicorns veiled themselves once more in the anonymity of normal horses.  Greater than half of the Legion’s men had been unhorsed, trampled, or carried off in the chaos.  Those that remained found themselves trapped in an awful waking nightmare.  When the madness struck the Legion’s mounts the enemy charged.  Once the unicorns were again hidden, the onrushing horsemen swept into the befuddled Legion.  In the turmoil with the horses, all attention had been focused inward as the enemy swept in like a storm driven wave upon the distracted Legion.  From the walls of Vespera, a constant watch was kept and now the time for action had come.  The gates of the city opened and Vespera’s army rushed forth like waters from a broken dam and fell upon the Legion’s men from behind.  What little fortitude was left to the Legion broke and its men surrendered or fled.  It was a complete victory for the enemies of evil.
The question was what to do with the captured men?  Many had been trampled or slain before the Legion had surrendered, but nearly a hundred men had been taken alive.  Riders had been sent to pursue those that fled lest they return to the Legion or turn to banditry.  Tristan and Karly met with the highest-ranking officers amongst the captives.  The General said, “by rights we should try and execute the lot of you for an unjust war.  What will you do to save your lives and why should I spare them?”  
“We are at your mercy,” said the highest-ranking officer amongst the Legion, “what would you have of us?”  
“You cannot return to the Legion or turn to banditry,” said Karly, “if I had my way, each of you would return to his own village and never leave it again, but there is no way I can simply let you go because I have no assurance that you will do as you are told or abide by any promises you make.”  Tristan drew the General aside and talked to him quietly.  “Are you sure?” asked Karly in surprise, “the last thing I need is this traitorous brood stabbing me in the back.”  
Tristan said, “if they are telling the truth we will know it.  Any who choose otherwise will be dealt with as you decide is just.”  
“Very well,” said Karly, “if it works it would be helpful in the coming days.”  Karly addressed himself to the leaders of the Legion, “you have two choices.  You can repent of your evil and join my command as raw recruits with a clean slate or you can choose whatever fate we decide awaits those who do not want to begin anew.  My friend here assures me he will know if you are telling the truth and liars will be treated like those who choose not to cooperate.  I have yet to decide what to do with those in the latter group.  If you join me, you will be fighting against the Legion and any other evildoers we come across.  I think a year in service to me would be just recompense for your deeds in Vespera.  If you want to stay after that, it would be your choice to do so otherwise you can go wherever you will.  You may go and inform your men and discuss it amongst yourselves.”  The men were escorted out and the offer was made to all and sundry and they were allowed to discuss it.
“What is your decision?” asked Karly.  
A representative of the Legion came forth and said, “most of us will take your offer, but there are some who wish to decline.”  
“Very well,” said Karly, “we will do this on an individual basis.  If you wish to turn from evil and spend a year in my service, step forward and speak to one of the gentlemen over there.  If you wish to decline our offer and take your chances move in the other direction.”  
A handful of hard looking individuals moved importantly in the direction indicated for those wishing to decline Karly’s offer; the rest formed a line waiting to speak with one of the Brethren.  Each man was asked if he wished to turn from evil and start anew, serving a year faithfully in Karly’s service.  Most were eager to escape a probable death sentence.  The majority were opportunists and not necessarily evil; serving in Karly’s army was not that much of a change from seeking their fortunes in service to the Legion.  
Tristan respected the honesty of the men who chose to face justice even if he could not respect their complacent attitude towards evil.  Several of those seeking a new start had to be turned away because they were caught in a lie.  As servants of the Truth, the Brethren could tell when someone was not speaking truly from their heart.  Some of those taking the offer might eventually change their minds, but for now they were sincere in their intentions.  Those that were not sincere were herded back towards those waiting to face justice in whatever form it was meted out.  Over ninety men joined Karly’s forces that day.  Eight had chosen to await justice or had lied about wanting to start over.  These were handed over to the Queen of Vespera to do with as she thought just; she had them tried and executed for treason.  Thus ended the Battle of Vespera.

A few of those who had fled the Legion and escaped the riders sent in pursuit made their way back to Panmycea; others chose to quietly disappear into some obscure village or remote farm and never again go abroad.  General Vrill was far from pleased with those few that made it back to Panmycea, nor was he happy to learn of the utter defeat of his army sent to punish Vespera for its insolence.  Now the Legion would be a laughing stock and the nations could not be cowed into submission; this was a complete disaster!  It would take months to rebuild his forces, but it must be done.  They must increase recruiting and redouble their training efforts.  The Brethren had set them back at least half a year in fulfilling their plans, but his master was patient and had endured many such setbacks before.  They must not move before they were sure of victory.  In the interim, he could at least amuse himself by harrying the Brethren on a wider scale.  He had an edict sent out to every corner of the world promising rich reward for anyone who captured or killed one of the Brethren.  He offered a richer reward for a live specimen; he needed information and live prisoners were so much more amusing to play with.  He found little joy in the situation, but at least he had found something to offer a pleasurable diversion whilst the Legion recovered from this minor insult.

The people and Queen of Vespera thanked Karly’s army and the Brethren profusely, but the time had come for them to return to Astoria, for they could not stay indefinitely and celebrate their victory.  Riders had already been sent to the Lady to inform her of the situation and messages had been sent to inform the other nations of recent events.  It was hoped the crisis would serve as a warning that worse might yet be coming and that the nations needed to unite to face it.  Tristan feared the nations might see this as an overwhelming victory and call their soldiers home.  He hoped to recruit more men from all nations into Karly’s forces and get them ready to face the larger battle he knew loomed on the horizon.  
As soon as Tristan returned to Astoria, he and Karly were called before the Lady.  She stood before them and said, “well done, both of you.  But I suspect you know this was just the first skirmish in a looming war?”  They both nodded.  “As such,” she continued, “we must prepare the sleepy nations for coming battle.  General, I am requesting that your more experienced soldiers be sent throughout the known world in force to crack down on banditry, rebellion, and to hunt down the evil creatures rumored to be running at large.  I will send some of my agents with them to assist in such duties, any new recruits and your less experienced soldiers can be left here for further training before joining your more experienced men in the field.  By doing so, I hope to relieve the local authorities of some of the strains upon their resources, and that they might therefore be willing to divert some of their soldiers to our use until this crisis passes.  I will also be sending the Brethren to all corners of the world to shore up local defenses and to train local militias in defense.”
Karly bowed to the Lady and said, “it shall be as you wish Madam.  As long as this crisis lasts and I judge your guidance sound, I will continue as you direct.”  Tristan looked scandalized.  
The Lady smiled ironically, “I am glad you find my judgment sound.”  
He bowed again to the venerable old woman, “please do not take my words for disrespect.  I have never found anyone of keener mind or sounder judgment.  It is only that I have oftentimes encountered poor judgment in my superior officers and it has made me very cautious.”  
“I thank you for the clarification,” said the Lady, “but the minute my mind clouds or senility takes me I will no longer be allowed command of this outfit.  As long as I am in charge you may be sure of my sanity.”  She smiled knowingly at him and he bowed himself out.
She turned her attention to Tristan, “you and Arora will be traveling to Thespia.  I hear that they have some of the finest ale in the world.”  They both smiled at her poor attempt at a joke.  She continued, “there you are to assess their defenses and make improvements where you can.  Also start training some of the local farmers and shopkeepers in the basics of fighting.  And if possible, convince the King that it is in his best interests to send some trained men to General Karly to use as need dictates.  Arora can do what she does best and help lift the spirits of the people during these trying times.  But I fear the Legion will intensify its efforts to eradicate us and you will both need to be on your guard.  That is one reason I am sending everyone out in pairs.  Any questions?”  He shook his head.  “Good,” said she and dismissed him to find his wife.  
Arora was ecstatic to once again have the opportunity to travel with her husband, for there was nothing she enjoyed more.  While she enjoyed teaching in Astoria, she was quite eager to travel again as she had done so often in simpler days.  Tristan took a day to recuperate and bid farewell to his comrades and then they were again on the road.  
Thespia was one of the largest of the Southern Kingdoms and was well known for their wines, beers, and ales.  This talent, along with their very relaxed social and moral structure, made them one of the more infamous destinations in the known world.  Tristan was not sure he looked forward to immersing himself into such an atmosphere but he had little choice in the matter.  The Brethren were often thought to be abstemious to the point of asceticism.  While they were allowed an occasional mug of wine or ale, drunkenness was considered anathema and trifling with a woman to whom one was not married was enough to break Oath.  
They were quite serious in maintaining the moral high ground, not because a list of rules made them better than other people or made them what they were, but because it was best for themselves and those they served.  Drunkenness, lust, and other disrespectful behaviors only served to interfere with their duties and also shackled their souls to the point where they could not serve others or even themselves.  A few spurious groups throughout the ages had tried to assimilate a similar moral code, but a list of rules could not replace the dedication of heart and soul to the service of the Master.  As such, these groups quickly collapsed into isolated, suspicious, and bitter remnants of a serious attempt at social reform.  A list of rules could not reform a heart, but a reformed heart could adhere to a list of sensible rules for the protection of itself and others.
As Spring advanced into Summer, the weather was beautiful for traveling and Tristan could not imagine a better companion.  While there was still much danger in traveling abroad and he was a hunted man, nothing could dim his joy at traveling once more with his wife.  They camped most of the time, but on very rainy nights they allowed themselves the luxury of taking a room at an inn.  It also gave them the chance to interact with the local people and various travelers to discover the mood of the world in these troubled days.  There was much talk of the happenings in Vespera and the hope that it was an isolated incident, though many doubted that with the current feel of the world.  There was much joy at the retreat of the Legion from local affairs, though it was rumored that they were still traveling about in secret.  There was also talk of the promise of rich reward for anyone who handed one of the Brethren over to the Legion.  This last bit of gossip was unnerving but not unexpected.  Tristan fervently hoped that men could not be so easily bought, but experience had taught him otherwise and they grew even more cautious in their interactions with people.  
One stormy night as they sat at a table in a quiet little inn, a traveler came in out of the rain and shook the excess water from his cloak.  He glanced around at the few people gathered together on such a night and made his way towards Tristan and Arora.  The rest of the patrons looked to be locals more interested in talk of crops and weather than in idle rumors from traveling strangers.  He seemed to be a pleasant sort of man and Tristan motioned for him to take a seat when he asked if he could join them.  
“Horrible weather out there,” grinned the man, “though from what I hear, the weather is the least of a traveler’s problems these days.  I hear tales of bandits, monsters, and even open war!  How about you?”  
Tristan shrugged noncommittally and said, “there has definitely been an increase in the dangers of traveling of late.  It seems that anything or anyone of questionable moral character feels free to act upon their baser instincts these days.  I wonder where such freedom from decent and honorable conduct comes from?”  
The man laughed, “you sound like one of those Brethren: always moralizing and thinking the rest of the world should agree with you.  But then you are out of the North by your accent and I have heard they are a bit more…stiff…up that direction.”  
Tristan smiled, “I meant no disrespect.  I was only stating the obvious lack of civility on the part of some of the darker forces in this world thus making it more dangerous to travel.”  
“I see,” laughed the stranger, “you certainly have a strange way of putting words together.  Have you spent time at that University and gotten yourself all educated or something?”  
Tristan smiled blandly and said, “I have had the unfortunate chance to spend some time at the University, though I hope it has not influenced me too much.  It is quite an experiment in nonsense.  No sensible person would spend more time there than he absolutely had to.  Where are you from and where are you going?”  
“I am from Salita, a country just west of Thespia, I set out in search of something, though I am not sure what.  Life at home grew tiresome and I hope to find adventure or riches upon the road.  I hear tell that one can join the Legion and is guaranteed riches and power beyond imagining.  Or maybe I can find one of the Brethren to turn in for a reward.  I do not know.  I have seen some men of the Legion and am not too impressed with them or their promises.  The Brethren may be stuffy and poke their noses in where they are not wanted, but I do not think that justifies turning them in just so a man can make a profit.”  
“Perhaps you have more moral proclivities than you think,” laughed Tristan, “I have also encountered the Legion more often than I would wish in my travels and you are wise not to trust them or go anywhere near them.  If you seek adventure, I hear there are those in the North recruiting men interested in fighting against the Legion should they declare war upon some unsuspecting nation again as they did to Vespera.”  
“It is an interesting idea,” said the man, “at least it would be an honest living.  So what are you two up to so far from home?  Come to partake in our infamously relaxed moral atmosphere?”  
Tristan laughed, “no, we come on business to Thespia.  Though, it seems a pleasant enough place to come for enjoyment as well.”
They chatted about many other mundane and extraordinary things before they retired to their respective rooms.  As Tristan and Arora walked away, the stranger thought to himself that he must have been mistaken about his assumption that the man was one of the Brethren.  One of the Brethren could not have provided such an interesting companion for the evening.  And what would one be doing traveling around with a woman anyway?  He mused on these thoughts as he sought sleep and wondered idly if perhaps he should ride north and investigate this mysterious Order of the Freemen.  It at least gave him somewhere to go and something to do, which was more than he could say about his current journey.  In the morning, he headed north to see what the future held.  
Tristan and Arora continued on their way to Thespia.  As the road approached the border, they saw a number of soldiers standing along either side and several blocking the middle of the road itself.  “Halt,” said one gruff looking soldier, “what business have you in Thespia?  Be it peaceful or not?”  
Tristan drew rein and said, “we have come on a private matter.  We are here for the benefit of Thespia, her people, and King.  We come in peace.”  
“Very well,” said the soldier, “you may pass, but only because you travel with a lady.  Else I would require more explanation than that.” 
 Tristan bowed in his saddle and the guards parted to let them through.  Once they had ridden out of earshot, Arora said, “what was that about?”  
“I think,” said Tristan with a grin, “they are attempting to watch the borders to ward off any unwanted visitors, but I fear it only poses a hassle for honest travelers and the more sinister simply sneak around through the woods.  It is nice for show, but not very effective.”  Arora nodded in agreement.  Berea, the capital city of Thespia, lay along the southern coast of the country.  Though they had passed the northern border they still had several days of riding to reach the capital.
As they traveled through the villages and towns of Thespia, both were amazed at the amount of energy even the poorest people seemed to put into amusement and recreation.  There seemed to be performers, storytellers, and singers on every street corner and crossroads between the northern border and the sea.  Crops ready for harvest waited in the field while the would-be harvesters competed in some sort of game played with a ball and stick or simply enjoyed a mid-afternoon nap.  Leisure seemed to be the order of the day and everything else came second.  The people lazed about by day, but come nightfall the inns were full of lively revelers until nearly dawn.  The clothes were also quite different than the northern fashions: there was entirely less of them.  True, it was warmer further south but Tristan doubted it was warm enough to bare so much skin, especially on a lady!  
More than one thinly clad woman gave Tristan a smoky smile while he fixed his eyes steadily ahead as they rode past, but one look at Arora’s face and her plainly displayed sword caused even the staunchest seductress to turn tail and run.  It seemed toying with ‘stuffy’ northerners was some sort of bizarre sport they greatly enjoyed.  Arora was not amused and Tristan was mortified.  What kind of behavior and dress was this for any woman, let alone ladies?  Tristan breathed a sigh of relief as they entered Berea and the relative safety of the palace, or so he thought.  It seemed everyone dressed like that in this peculiar country.  Guards stopped them at the gate of the castle (there was no wall around the city itself) and asked their business.  
Tristan said, “we are come on business to the King from the Lady of Astoria.”  Several eyebrows were raised at the mention of Astoria but a servant was sent running immediately.  Presently, a matronly woman appeared (and somberly clad too!) and asked that they follow her.  Their mounts were attended to as they followed the woman into the palace.


Chapter 8

The woman said, “it is long since we have had anyone from so fabled a place as Astoria formally visit our humble Kingdom.”  
“It has been the Lady’s habit to send representatives to any country so interested,” said Tristan conversationally.  
The woman arched an eyebrow and said, “we have never sought such advice.  The King does very well without a flurry of advisors from other countries and trade organizations.  Who has the time for such tedious attentions?”  
“Who indeed?” said Tristan.  
They walked on in silence.  The woman escorted them to a small parlor where they were to wait for the King’s convenience.  A servant appeared with refreshments and they seated themselves and prepared for the wait.  And wait they did.  It was almost four hours until the King finally made his appearance, and only the novelty of such strange visitors could draw him forth so quickly.  
As he entered, they stood and bowed formally.  He laughed at such proper conduct.  “Welcome to Thespia,” boomed the jovial voice, “what strange tidings does the Lady send?”  The king unceremoniously plopped himself down in one of the empty chairs, as if he were a man at a familiar inn.  “Please,” said he, “do not stand on ceremony.  We are much more relaxed and easy going than you are probably used to.”  
“Majesty,” said Tristan.  Much to his surprise the man burst into laughter.  
“Please,” said he through his giggles, “call me Gregg.”  
Tristan looked at him in shock, had the whole world gone mad?  “Umm, Gregg?” said Tristan, “the Lady has sent us hence because of recent happenings within the Legion of the Serpent and things still to come.”  Tristan waited for some reply, but when it was obvious nothing was forthcoming from the grinning mouth he continued, “the attack on Vespera was just the first assault.  The next may come at any time and anywhere.  She is sending agents to all countries to prepare them for the coming onslaught if they will accept her aid.  I am willing to offer my help in preparing your defenses and people against the dangers that loom on the horizon.”  
“Well that is very kind of you,” said the king, “I really despise that sort of thing.  Working is not my favorite way to spend time.  In fact I avoid it when I can.  Since you are so eager to help I will put you in charge of Thespia’s defenses.  At least I will for a week.  If at the end of that time my Generals think this is a waste of time you will be out of a job.  Of course you are welcome to stay and learn to relax a little bit.  Do not be so serious all the time or it will shorten your lifespan significantly.
“You would put your country’s defenses in my hands though you have only known me for five minutes?” asked Tristan aghast.  
“Why not?” said the king, “The worst you can do is mess it up completely and it is not in that great of shape to begin with.  I have nothing to lose and if this Lady of yours is right, I have everything to gain.  She would not have sent you if she did not trust your judgment, as I am now going to do.  You Brethren are as stuffy as they come, but that does not mean you do not know what you are doing.  What is your lady going to do besides sit around and look pretty?  Is she some sort of Warrior Princess or something?”  
Tristan cleared his throat, “my wife is a skilled musician and would be happy to offer her services to you, your court, and the common people.”  
Arora smiled, “I have been given the task of raising the spirits of your downcast people, but upon observation, that does not seem necessary.”  
The King laughed at her take on things, “very good.  You can go wherever you please and perform for whomever you choose.  We are always in need of a little more amusement.”
Arora was tempted to play nothing but dirges and laments for these people, but they could use some edification as much as they needed a little sobriety.  Tristan had originally doubted the King’s ability to rule, but his answer to his question as to why he was entrusting so much to a complete stranger made sense.  His was a strange and alien country, but it was not without its advantages, or so it seemed.
“As my Royal Defense Coordinator,” said the King, seemingly pleased with Tristan’s new designation, “you will work closely with my Generals, but my army is yours to command unless the Generals feel you are a complete menace to Thespia.  If that is all, I really must be going.  Royal amusements and all that.  This has been very entertaining.  Helna will see to anything you might need.  Madam songstress, you may perform for me at supper if you so desire.”  Arora nodded in acceptance.  “Wonderful!” said the King, clapping his hands, “until then my dear.”  He kissed her hand and strolled from the room, leaving the remaining occupants in dazed wonder.  This was a very odd country indeed.
Helna entered the room almost as soon as the King left.  “You will follow me please,” said she, “I hope you will find the arrangements comfortable and functional.  If you require separate accommodations it can be arranged; I know you Northerners are quite fussy about such things.”  
“We are married,” said Tristan in confusion, “it is quite appropriate for us to share the same quarters.”  
The woman seemed offended, “some people are not as lax in their morality as others.  I am only trying to ascertain your level of moral relativity.”  
Tristan stared at the back of her head, wondering if she could possibly be serious while Arora did her best to stifle a laugh.  They followed her meekly to their assigned quarters where she left them with strict instructions not to be late for supper.  They gave her every assurance that they would do as they were told; Tristan felt much like an obedient child speaking to his mother.  She took their cooperation as a matter of course.  Tristan wondered if the Lady herself could match this woman’s demand for instant obedience.  Finally Helna left to attend to her myriad other duties.  
Tristan sat down on the bed as if exhausted, “what have we gotten ourselves into in this bizarre land?”  
Arora laughed aloud, “the King is right about one thing: you do need to lighten up or someday you will be just like Helna.”  
He smiled at her mock-severity, “I will try madam, if only to avoid such a fate.  I would look amiss in such a drab dress.  Or any dress at all for that matter.”  Arora gave him a patient look.  They had just enough time to change and clean up before a servant came to fetch them for the evening meal.  
As they entered the dining hall, it seemed there was no order in the way anyone was seated.  Usually the King and his highest-ranking officials sat at a raised table near the front of such a room, but here everyone seemed to sit wherever they pleased.  The King was strategically placed between a scullion and a groom.  He spoke with them and laughed as if they were his closest friends.  It seemed even the servants ate and mingled freely with the nobility.  A strange concept, but not necessarily bad unless the scullion truly decided that he had as much authority as the King, perhaps then all social order (what little of it there was) might begin to break down in this mad country.  They found some food and an empty place to sit and quietly ate their meal, while all around them people laughed and chatted gaily.  Tristan could hear nothing of consequence in the conversations nearest him, but that did not seem to be the purpose. They seemed to talk for the pure enjoyment of it.  
Arora had just finished her meal when the King stood up and said, “we have the pleasure of hearing a musician tonight who has traveled all the way from the frigid Northlands.”  He sat down and a general murmur of curiosity ran through the hall.  Arora pulled her instrument from beneath the table and prepared to play.
She started with a few rollicking dance tunes and then switched to some nonsense songs usually reserved for children.  She then broke into several refrains with a humorous storyline.  As she was wrapping up her performance she threw in one serious love ballad just to see what would happen.  The people hung on every word, a few even broke into tears as she finished.  There was complete silence.  She had done the impossible: she had broken the ceaselessly buoyant atmosphere and for the first time in living memory had brought seriousness back to the forefront of people’s minds.  The most shocking thing was that this seriousness was not boring or dry, but it demanded their attention and held it until the very end.  Arora had shown them that it was possible to be serious and still find interest and humor in life.  They all sat as if in a trance and Arora did the only thing she could: she started another song.  
This time she sang of a desperate battle and a miraculous victory.  The people were famished for such songs and tales and it was well into the night before Arora was forced to quit because her voice was failing.  It was dead silent and then suddenly everyone started talking at once.  All were amazed at such an evening of serious songs that were still delightful entertainment.  It seemed almost impossible in their minds that such a thing could actually happen, but it had.  They were very curious and had many questions, but Arora had no voice left to answer them.  They understood her predicament and were satisfied with knowing she would perform again soon.  Helna appeared and everyone quickly dispersed to neglected chores or long empty beds.  Even the King seemed to hurry out of sight.  Tristan smiled in wonder as he escorted his wife to their quarters.
The next morning, Arora had found her voice again and felt comfortable performing that evening (a servant was anxiously waiting outside their door to ask after such a possibility).  Tristan found another servant waiting patiently to escort him to a meeting with the King’s major Generals.  They filled him in on the current military situation in Thespia.  Tristan definitely had his work cut out for him.  He outlined his plan to draw the border guards home and deploy them more efficiently.  One of the Generals complained, “but they make the people feel safe.”  
Tristan smiled grimly and said, “they may make the people feel safe but they do little to actually accomplish that goal.  My plan will.”  The Generals murmured amongst themselves as if he had revealed some divine secret hidden from mortal men until this very moment.  
“That is a brilliant idea,” said one man.  Tristan looked at him in astonished horror.  
His plans involved redistributing the existing soldiers to make their jobs easier and more efficient and the defenses more secure.  He also planned on drilling the existing soldiers to see what they actually knew and what they needed to learn.  They were to recruit more men if necessary and would also hold basic training sessions in various locations for the local folk to learn the basics of defending their families should the enemy invade.  Tristan also wanted to establish a system to alert the King should an invasion occur, and also to alert the outlying villages of the same.  They also needed a way to ease the spread of military communications throughout the country and between units.  Tristan’s suggestions for using pigeons and couriers with fast horses seemed to be another revelation from on high.  
The hardest suggestion to make was that of building a wall around the city.  There was no way that everyone could safely retreat inside the wall around the castle itself.  It would be a monumental task to build such a structure, but if they truly wanted to protect their people they would begin immediately.  He also suggested acquiring a supply of food in case of a prolonged siege and also securing a supply of fresh water within the city itself either via a well or a spring, as rivers could be blocked or contaminated by the enemy.  The Generals thought all of these ideas were superb but disagreed with the best method of going about such monumental tasks.  Tristan suggested that each man choose a different project and focus on that.  Then they could meet again sometime in the future and discuss how things were going.  Tristan would act as an advisor to each man as he progressed with his particular area of interest.  This seemed to please all of them and they immediately went about plotting how to make the plans into a reality. 
A week had passed since they had come to Thespia.  Arora was very popular among the people who frequented the castle from the newest scullion to the oldest minor lord, but she felt a need to take her performance on the road so that all might have a chance to listen, not just the chosen few within the palace.  The King was aghast at such an idea (he was secretly very fond of Arora's music) but could do little to keep her from following her heart, short of arresting her.  Tristan was saddened to see her go and worried about her safety upon the open road, but she had been taking care of herself long before ever they met.  He also knew she had her duties as much as he had his.  He would also be traveling frequently to check up on preparations in various parts of the vast Kingdom.  He had been surprised and pleased by the abilities displayed by the Thespian soldiers, which happily meant they did not have to start from the very beginning by training raw recruits.  The more experienced among them had been set to work training new recruits or traveling throughout the Kingdom and training farmers and villagers in some of the basics of self-defense and what to do should the enemy invade.  
Recruiting efforts for the army were stepped up and a Messenger Corps was established to hasten official communications between various military units, commands, and outposts.  The former border guards were transformed into a border patrol that actually rode along the borders watching for suspicious activity and maintained a number of outposts along important thoroughfares.  The only project the King was not excited about was building a wall around his city.  The value of such a structure was obvious, but he felt it somehow decreased the 'freedom' of his people and also balked at the cost and time involved in such an undertaking.  Tristan could only make suggestions, it was up to the King and his people to implement them.
Aside from the wall, the King was thrilled with Tristan's idea, he and his Generals thought it an excellent idea to maintain Tristan in his current role until further notice.  The Generals themselves each oversaw a particular project while the Kingdom provided the funding and necessary manpower and supplies.  Tristan oversaw the Generals and acted as a coordinator and overseer of all of the projects.  He maintained a route of inspection and checked in regularly with those involved in the various aspects of the overall plan.
 Tristan was surprised at how efficiently the Thespians could work when motivated.  It was the only explanation for how they escaped starvation and poverty with such a love of rest and amusement.  They had to work as hard as they celebrated or nothing would ever be accomplished in the few hours they devoted to actual work.
Tristan was often told that he must relax a bit or he would die young; he never mentioned that he was in little danger of such a premature demise as he had already lived more than a century.  He thought that perhaps they had a point, that the northerners worked too much and relaxed too little, but the southerners took it to the other extreme.  He thought perhaps a more balanced approach would suffice.  He wondered idly what the Lady would think of his proposition that the Brethren be given three out of every twelve months for a personal pursuit of amusement.  He did not think she would be amused!  
Tristan was also amazed at the lack of formality and apparent leadership among the nobility, but things somehow got done (though secretly he wondered if Helna was the reason behind most of it).  Thankfully, the attitude within the military was a bit less lax and a more traditional level of respect and decorum was observed.  It seemed the only people in the whole country with a more 'formal' attitude about things were Helna and Thespia’s soldiers.  The day came for Arora's departure and the people seemed almost as sad as Tristan to see her go.  They had come to adore her 'serious' music; it seemed to fill some sort of void in their lives.  She rode out of the castle gates without much ado or fanfare and off into the vast agricultural landscape of rural Thespia.  Tristan continued his daily tasks, but it seemed the sun had vanished behind a cloud.  He still knew it was there, but the world seemed a little less bright.


Chapter 9

 Two weeks had passed since Arora's departure and Tristan was busy near the western border of Thespia, watching a group of soldiers work with the locals on their defense strategies.  He was giving a few suggestions to the leader of the group when Arora's mare came charging out of the woods almost wild with worry.  Taragon joined them shortly and with his help Tristan was able to make out that Arora had vanished two days ago and had sent the mare immediately in search of him.  
He wasted no time and jumped on Taragon's back, saying, "I have pressing business elsewhere.  You are doing well.  Keep it up!"
The three vanished quickly into the woods, heading east as fast as only a unicorn could run.  Such was the breadth of the country that it took a full two days in the saddle to reach the other side.  Finally, they reached the inn where Arora had last been seen.  Exhausted, Tristan jumped from Taragon's back and went in search of information.  
"Good day sir," said the innkeeper languidly, "may I help you?"  
"I hope so," said Tristan grimly, "about four days ago did you have a rather remarkable singer in your establishment?"  
"Perhaps," said the man, "though my memory for such things is not what it should be.  We have so many entertainers pass through that one can hardly be expected to keep track of them all."  Tristan chaffed at the delay, but needed the information desperately and went on to describe his wife in detail.  "Ah," said the man, "it seems vaguely familiar.  Yes I believe we had someone here resembling that description."  
"Did anything strange happen that night?" asked Tristan desperately.  
"Strange?" asked the man.  
"Did you notice anything out of the ordinary that night in relation to her or anyone she interacted with?" asked Tristan as patiently as he could. 
"She retired quite late and two of the last patrons to leave followed her to her room," said the man dully.  
"What happened then?" asked Tristan.  
"I do not know," said the man, "I went to bed but one of the maids said she heard a woman scream and neither she nor the men were here in the morning."  
"Show me her room," said Tristan.  
"I cannot sir," said the man, "it is against our policy to show an unregistered guest someone else's quarters."  
Tristan stared at the man in disbelief, "my wife is missing and you want to quote rules to me?"  
Catching Tristan's mood the man said, "follow me please, but I must tell you the room has been cleaned and used several times since that night."  
 They entered the room and a quick but thorough search revealed nothing of interest.  No clues had been left behind.  Tristan turned again to the unhelpful man, "do you know anything of these men?  Where they were going or where they were from?"  
The man thought for longer than absolutely necessary but said, "they were strangers to me, travelers on their own errands.  It was none of my business.  Though they did say something about becoming healthy."  
"Healthy?" asked Tristan in confusion.  
"Maybe it was wealthy," said the befuddled man.  He smiled in comprehension, "one of the serving maids said they had talked of the singer making them rich men somehow.  It seems she was a person of interest to a powerful group of people."  Tristan finally had an answer.  He ran from the room and nearly collided with a pair of men as he headed for the door.  
"Easy there," said one, "what is the emergency?"  
"I am sorry for my haste," said Tristan, "but I really must be going."  
"Tristan!" said the man again, "What is wrong?"  Tristan looked again at the men and finally recognition dawned.  Pallin and Turin were standing in the common room looking very concerned.  "We were riding through on business for the Lady," said Turin, "when our mounts seemed to go mad and brought us here of their own accord.  Taragon seems beside himself and the mare is worse.  Has the whole world succumbed to a strange form of southern madness?"  
Tristan nearly laughed, but could not find the heart.  He said, "Arora vanished from here four days ago.  I fear she has fallen into the hands of the Legion or their bounty hunters.  I was in western Thespia when it happened and only just arrived.  I am heading to Panmycea immediately, perhaps I can rescue her before they reach the city."  
Both stared at him as if he had truly gone mad.  "You would abandon your duties here?" asked Pallin cautiously.  
"It will only be for a short time and I have everything organized so that I am simply overseeing and coordinating everything.  Others are doing the hard work," said Tristan plaintively.  
"But you may not come back from such an adventure," said Turin sternly, "and where would that leave the Lady's plans?"  
"I have not been thinking clearly at all," said Tristan in near despair, "but I cannot allow Arora to fall into the hands of the Legion and not attempt to do something.  That would kill me as surely as breaking my Oath, albeit more slowly."
 Pallin brightened, "we have finished with our duties and are not currently assigned to anything pressing.  Let me stay here and oversee whatever it is you have in progress and let Turin ride with you to Panmycea.  You will need help if this foolish quest is to succeed.  I hope you can rescue Arora but things do not look hopeful."  
Tristan threw his arms around Pallin and said, "a greater friend or a calmer head a man has never had.  Thank you."  
They wasted no more time and were soon on the road.  Tristan and Turin headed north towards the Legion’s stronghold of Panmycea and Pallin was en route to Berea to inform the king of the temporary change in plans.  They rode as far as they could in the dwindling light, but even Tristan's determination to rescue his wife had to give way to the fact that he had not slept in two days.  They camped for the night and Tristan was asleep almost as soon as his feet touched the ground.  Turin stood watch while the exhausted unicorns and Tristan slept.  They still had a week's ride to reach Panmycea and the kidnappers had a four day head start.  Only the speed of a unicorn could close that gap, but even a unicorn had to sleep occasionally.  It was also a wide, trackless wilderness through which they traveled and the men could be anywhere.  Turin doubted they would find the men ere they reached their destination, but they had to try.  
As the sun rose, Turin roused Tristan and they were soon in the saddle again, much refreshed after a night's sleep and invigorated by fresh stirrings of hope as they drew ever closer to Panmycea.  They traveled as swiftly as they could, but were still forced to rest when they would rather be closing the gap.  They saw no sign that anyone had ever walked the road they followed, let alone finding signs of the kidnappers or Arora.  Arora's mare came with them, she knew her mistress was far ahead to the north and that she yet lived; they knew nothing more.

As Arora retired to bed that fateful evening, she turned around quickly in the hallway leading off towards the rooms.  Her hand reached for her hidden sword, but she was too late.  She had a brief glimpse of two men, one bearing a club.  She screamed and then fell unconscious to the floor as the club found its mark.  The pair glanced around nervously, but seeing no one coming to the lady's rescue, they quickly lifted her prone form onto their shoulders and disappeared out the backdoor.  They secured her on the back of their waiting packhorse and immediately sprang into their saddles, disappearing into the night.  
Consciousness returned briefly.  She was aware of the darkness, stiff muscles, and the rhythmic movements of a trotting horse.  She also felt the frantic mind of her mare.  With what little presence of mind she had in her current state, she sent the anxious beast on a mission that would not involve them both in disaster.  Her last thought before again succumbing to the darkness was for the mare to find Tristan.  Sunlight and shadow played across Arora's face as she opened her eyes and found herself in a shaded clearing.  By the sun it was midmorning and her restless stomach confirmed that she had missed breakfast.  Her next realization was that her head hurt terribly and that she was very stiff from a night in the saddle in a rather unconventional position.  She also discovered that she was bound hand and foot and that a gag, a rather dirty and foul tasting gag, had been placed in her mouth.  
"Good morning fine lady," said one of her captors, a rather short and grubby-looking fellow.  "I had thought you were going to sleep the day away," he continued, "now this journey can be as rough or pleasant as you wish to make it.  We can unbind your feet and mouth if you promise to be a good girl and do nothing to arouse suspicion and do not attempt to escape.  Otherwise we can leave you as is and carry you to Panmycea like a sack of flour.  Do you understand?"  She nodded.  "And will you cooperate?" asked the man.  She scowled but nodded.  "Mind your manners missy or I will leave you like that regardless," laughed the man.  
He unbound her feet and removed the gag but left her hands bound securely in front of her.  They gave her some water and a little food, but her throbbing head suppressed her appetite.  Soon enough, they placed her on the spare horse and she clung awkwardly to the pommel of the saddle while her captors held the reins.  As darkness fell, they found a well-hidden and easily defensible spot to camp and took turns standing watch.  A week passed in this manner and all too quickly they reached their destination.
 Panmycea towered above them like a menacing cliff on the brink of the sea.  The guards at the city gates heard their story and a soldier was sent running immediately while the men waited patiently with their captive.  Very soon a dozen heavily armed men in Legion uniforms arrived and formed a block around Arora and her captors.  The strange procession marched towards the Citadel.  The people in the streets turned their eyes away in despair as Arora passed, as if she were being led to her execution.  In the courtyard of the Citadel, her captors were pulled aside and began to negotiate a price for their captive.  
"Are you sure she is one of them?" asked the skeptical man in the uniform of the Legion.  
"She was singing all night of the Master and various arcane legends and histories and was armed with this," said her captor, proffering her sword.  
The other man looked it over and said, "you are probably right.  I shall ask her."  The man approached, his presence made her skin crawl.  He asked her directly, "are you one of the Brethren?"  She could lie, but that would violate her Oath, not something she wished to endure along with everything else.  Instead she said nothing.  "You refuse to answer?" asked he.  
She said, "yes."  
"Do you know that a failure to answer truthfully carries the penalty of death?" asked the man.  She was silent but not afraid.  The man turned back to her captor, "I am satisfied.  You will receive your price."  Her captors smiled avariciously as she was led away to the dungeons.    
The cell door clanged shut behind Arora like the clatter of the executioner’s axe as it finds its mark.  She seemed alone in the dank and murky dungeon, but muffled sobs and whimpers of fear betrayed the presence of her fellow captives.  She seated herself on the cold, damp floor and prepared for a long wait, but hardly had she sat down before torchlight and the sound of footsteps and voices filled the dungeon.  Two men and four armed soldiers stopped in front of her cell and gazed at her as if she were some exotic caged beast in a traveling show.  
One of the men looked at the other and said, “it is she my Lord.”  
The other man smiled and said, “excellent.  Have her brought to my quarters immediately.”  
The two men exited the dungeon and the guards went about the business of removing Arora from her cell and escorting her to the man’s quarters.  They took a long and winding route through the intricate maze that was the Citadel and finally arrived at a door somewhere in its dark heart.  One of the soldiers knocked and someone inside said, “come.”  Two of the guards remained posted outside and the other two escorted her into the room.  
“You may unbind her hands and wait outside,” said the man.  The guards gave him a startled look but quickly obeyed.  “Please be seated,” said the man politely, though evil seemed to roll off of him.  She slowly complied.  “You are known to some here as Arora and once performed a memorable concert that some still recall fondly,” said he, “and are accused of belonging to the Brethren.  Is this so?”  She nodded grimly.  “I assume you are unwilling to cooperate with us and to extract information from you we would be forced to do things we would both find unpleasant?” asked the man. 
“Yes,” said she.  
“Ah, you can speak,” said he, “very good.  I am called Nevis.”  She started at the name.  “Yes,” said he, “I once spent some time in Astoria and you may have heard of me.  I however, have also heard of you.  You are a renowned singer, but I doubt you have much information we could use.  While your stories and myths might be fascinating to the common folk, we have little use for such things here.  We are much more interested in finding your husband.”  She looked at him with a startled expression upon her face.  He continued, “I doubt you are willing to reveal his location.  A pity, since my master is very anxious to find him.  He would be a most useful source of information and amusement.  But I have a much better plan for you than the execution that usually awaits folk of your persuasion who fail to provide useful information.  You will do far worse than betray your husband’s location: you shall draw him hither and we shall then have both of you.”  
A look of horror crossed her face, but she controlled it quickly and stared at the heartless man intently, saying, “Tristan will do nothing foolish, even to save me.  He knows his duty and we all knew the risks when we took our Oath.  You will be forced to content yourselves with me alone.”  
The man looked at her thoughtfully, “you are not afraid.  You are made of sterner stuff than I had thought.  Perhaps the Brethren are not as cowardly and meek as some among us think.  I met your husband once.  He is a remarkable man, if on the wrong side of this little conflict.  I look forward to seeing him again, though perhaps he will not appreciate the renewal of our acquaintance.  Rest well, for you have a vital part to play in my schemes.”  
He clapped his hands and the guards returned.  They led her away, but this time not to the dungeon.  She was placed in a small, empty room high in one of the towers of the Citadel and four guards stood ever outside her door.  She sat alone in the darkness wondering what would become of her and what Tristan would do about it.  
Nevis sat alone in his chambers long after the lady had been led out.  His brief stay in Astoria and his encounter with the singer had him thinking things his masters would not approve of.  He quickly chased away the vagrant thoughts and went in search of the General.  He found the General buried in paperwork in his study.  
“What of the prisoner?” asked the General.  
“She is as we suspected my Lord,” said Nevis.  
“Does she know anything of use?” asked the General.  
“Probably not,” said Nevis, “she is a teacher and a singer, not a warrior or leader among the Brethren.  We would extract little of use or interest.”  
“Then send her to the headsman and quit wasting my time,” growled the General.  
“I think she may yet prove useful my Lord,” said Nevis.  
“Yes?” asked the General.  
“She is the wife of one of your greatest enemies and I think we can use her as bait,” said Nevis thoughtfully.  
“How so?” asked the General, in growing curiosity.  
Nevis continued, “I doubt the man will storm the Citadel to rescue her, but if we made it appear that she was in grave danger and offered him a chance to sweep in and rescue her I think he may take the risk.”  
“How?” said the now very interested General.  
Nevis smiled, “here is my plan…”
His plans were quickly set in motion; it was announced that five days hence, a competition would be held and to the victor would go Arora, to do with as the winner chose.  So as to prevent partiality on the part of the judges, it was ordered that all men must compete anonymously and always have the faceplate of their helmets down.  The competition was open to any member of the Legion or those willing to swear themselves to the Legion should they win.  Nevis thought it a beautiful plot.  Tristan would feel the need to come to his wife’s aid and this provided a perfect opportunity for him to do so.  It would also amuse the men and raise moral, which seemed to be slipping of late.  
Many remembered the woman’s performance and would gladly compete in hopes of owning such a rare and beautiful creature.  It might also encourage more men to join the ranks of the Legion in hopes of other such contests.  They were in desperate need of a boost in recruitment numbers.  It also put the girl to better use than simply lopping off her head.  Nevis hated to waste anything that was even semi-valuable.  She had been locked away in one of the towers rather than in the dungeon because he wanted to keep her beauty at its peak to attract as many competitors as possible.  He tried to ignore the little voice that told him he kept her out of the dungeons because he pitied and respected her and also remembered the treatment he received when he should have been a prisoner in Astoria.  He chased all such musings from his mind and busied himself preparing for the contest.


Chapter 10

Tristan and Turin arrived in Panmycea a day behind Arora and already word of the competition had spread among the outlying towns and villages.  “It has to be a trap,” said Tristan quietly to Turin as they hid in the woods outside the city.  
“Of course it is a trap,” said Turin, “and I assume we are going to fall into it?”  
“Of course,” smiled Tristan.  Tristan’s initial shock and despair had quickly turned into determination and courage.  In his heart he knew he might not succeed, but then he also knew that this would happen eventually when he had married her and even when he had first taken his Oath.  It was who and what they were.  The Master, the Lady, and the Brethren came before any individual hopes, dreams, or plans.  Tristan said, “I will have to borrow your armor.  I am recognized by some here and anonymity is vital to our plot.  I cannot go about openly.”  
“We are of a size,” said Turin, “it should fit you well-enough.  Though why not let me fight in your stead?”  
“It is my risk to take,” said Tristan.  He smiled and added, “besides, I have much more motivation to win.”  
“We had best start making preparations and plans then,” said Turin.  
Tristan nodded and they began plotting.  They found a secluded place in the woods where Tristan tried on Turin’s armor and was happy to find that it fit comfortably, for the most part.  He shut the visor as they entered one of the inns in one of the small market towns lying just outside the city.  Turin did all the talking while Tristan stood around looking bored and menacing.  He received a few odd looks for walking about in full armor with the faceplate down indoors, but everyone knew that knights were an eccentric lot anyway so no one thought too much of it.  Tristan stayed in their room for the few days between the official contest and their arrival.  Finally the day arrived when the contestants were allowed to move into tents in the area surrounding the field where the event was to take place.
Over a hundred men turned out to compete ‘for the honor of the lady,’ but most were just interested in the glory to be found in winning such a contest or thought the woman beautiful and wanted to ‘win’ her.  The day before the event, the contestants were allowed to set up their tents and walk about bragging of their prowess to all and sundry.  Tristan stayed quietly in his tent while Turin sat outside in the guise of his servant to answer any challenges or questions.  Most of the competitors had heavy horses bred specially to carry the weight of a man in full armor, but the three unicorns ‘picketed’ behind Tristan’s tent looked like common riding horses and drew many obscene and dismissive comments.  Turin shrugged it off and said, “it is the best we have.”  The men laughed the more and wondered who the cowardly and ill-prepared knight from the hinterlands was.  
The competition would consist of three parts: archery, jousting, and swordplay.  Tristan had not done any jousting in more than a decade and hoped he was up for it, but the other two areas would not be a problem.  Nevis’s plan was simple: once a competitor had been defeated he was to remove his helmet and make his identity known to the world, and eventually the winner would do the same.  He frequently walked the grounds hoping to catch some glimpse or clue as to Tristan’s whereabouts.  And just in case Tristan had some noble idea of letting someone else compete for him, the winner would either be an official member of the Legion or must swear allegiance then and there to serve the Legion and none else.  According to Nevis’s understanding, the Brethren would be unable to do so without breaking their Oath and suffering all the consequences attendant thereunto.  It was a perfect scheme, save the aching shame ever gnawing at his heart, which he tried desperately to ignore.
The morning of the competition dawned cool and sunny with a breeze out of the west, a perfect day for battle and glory.  At dawn, each man sat aback his horse in full armor in view of the platform holding the judges, the General, and the captive Arora.  Nevis secreted himself among the spectators and occasionally roamed among the tents in search of Tristan.  A full company of Legion soldiers waited quietly out of sight, ready to ride out when the fugitive was discovered.  There would be two rounds of jousting first, which would weed out about three quarters of the competitors.  Those remaining would then compete with the sword and the final dozen or so would finish with an archery contest; the two finalists would finish with another sword fight.  Arora sat entranced by the scene, trying not to glance around desperately in search of her husband.  She felt the presence of her unicorn and knew that Tristan was not far off.  She hoped he did not do anything foolish.  Tristan sat upon Taragon and was relieved to see Arora apparently unharmed, though his skin crawled at the thought of her seated beside the infamous General.  His attention returned to the field as one of the ground judges was explaining the rules.  Each man was paired up with another and the jousting began.  
The competition was to last several days.  The first day saw half of the competitors eliminated after the first round of jousting.  The last jousting round would follow in the morning.  Tristan barely survived his first round, but he was victorious.  Nevis was not surprised that Tristan was not among the first day’s losers.  The second day dawned overcast and rainy, but the competition still went on though the field quickly became a muddy ruin.  Taragon handled the quagmire much better than his heavier counterparts, for he had their strength but not their bulk.  The weather is what won the day for Tristan and allowed him to progress to the next round.  
The sword fight was next, though the jousting was greatly slowed by the mud so it was delayed until the following day.  The third and final day dawned clear and hot.  Several of the competitors had to be carried off the field after they collapsed from the heat.  Tristan faced off with an absolutely huge man with a broad sword that seemed as long as Tristan was tall.  The hulking man swung the blade and buried it deep in the soft ground, giving Tristan the chance he needed to quickly dodge in and land a few measured blows on his opponent’s armor.  The man pulled his blade free and tried another stroke, which Tristan tried to dodge, but caught the very end of it across the back and went flying.  He picked himself up and stared in wonder at the fallen form of his foe.  The strain had been too much for the man and even his brief exertions had overwhelmed him.  Tristan was declared the winner by default.
There were fourteen men who completed the second part of the competition and moved on to the semifinal round.  Tristan went back to his tent to fetch his bow and to tend to his bruised back.  After an hour’s break, the competitors were called back to the field for the archery competition.  Each man had his own target and was to shoot five arrows.  The bottom half of the competitors would be removed each round until only two remained and then they would face off with the sword in the final round; to the victor would go Arora.  
The General was on the edge of his seat, eager to capture Tristan, but still unsure if the man was even there.  Every now and then he smiled menacingly at Arora.  She focused her eyes forward and tried to ignore the evil man beside her.  The archers lined up for their first shots and the seven least precise were escorted off the field by one of the judges, each man with his helmet in his hands.  Arora wondered how, if Tristan was even among the remaining seven men, he would escape such an obvious trap.  The next round commenced and three more men left the field.  The four faced off for the final round and two more left the field.  Only two men remained.  They set aside their bows and took up their swords.  The swordplay was intense and both men were extremely skilled, but finally the victor was declared.  The loser took off his helmet and revealed that he was not Tristan.  The winner was escorted up to the platform triumphantly to claim the General’s praise and his prize.
Arora tensed, waiting for the revelation of her future captor or the capture of her husband.  The soldiers waiting out of sight put their hands to their swords, ready to fall upon the man should the signal be given.  The man walked confidently towards the platform, when he reached the top he bowed to the General and the seated judges.  
The General stood and grinned like a maniac.  Finally his moment had come.  He said, “and now let the victor reveal his identity and claim his prize.  You have fought valiantly and will get what your deeds deserve.”  
Arora cringed at the double meaning in that statement.  Everyone waited on the edge of their seats for the revelation of the winner.  The man reached around and pulled off his helmet.  The breathe of everyone, including the General, caught in their throats and then a murmur of surprise and alarm ran through all those watching the spectacle.  All were startled at the identity of the winner, most of all Arora and the General.  
“Nevis?” asked the General in astonishment, “what is the meaning of this?”  
Nevis smiled nervously and said, “I thought the best place to find the man in question was among the competitors.  And it is apparent that he is not here.  I did not plan on winning, it just turned out that way.  I am sorry to dash your hopes my Lord, but we shall find a use for the woman yet.  She is still within your grasp, though I do ask that you allow me the honor of claiming her, at least temporarily.  There is much I wish to discuss.”  An evil smile played across his face and Arora shuddered.
The General, seeing her reaction and knowing he had to keep up appearances before the gathered spectators, congratulated Nevis and handed over Arora.  It was not as if Nevis would run away with the vile girl.  There would be plenty of time to find a way to trap the husband.  They had the bait, but it seemed the fish was not where they had expected it to be.  They would try again in other waters.  The General gave the signal to his waiting men that they were to disperse.  Nevis took Arora by an arm and roughly pushed her towards a tent on the outskirts of the field; he kept a scandalous grin fixed upon his face.  
Arora scowled at the man scornfully and wondered how much resistance would avail her.  The men they passed leered and laughed evilly.  She had never before felt so small and vulnerable.  She had never before realized how respectfully and decently the men of Astoria had treated her.  She wondered if she would ever be treated so again.  Nevis pushed her forcefully through the tent flap into the dark interior.  Strong hands reached down and picked her up gently and unbound the vicious knot securing her hands.  A lamp hanging from the peak of the tent was lit and she gave an involuntary scream as she saw what the tent contained.  
“The scream was a nice touch,” said Nevis, coming up behind her and securing the flap so no one could see what went on inside.  Two other men shared the tent with them.  The man who had helped her up and unbound her hands was a broadly smiling Turin.  The man who had lit the lamp was the one who had brought forth the scream of surprise; Tristan happily flung his arms around his wife as she collapsed into his embrace, sobbing violently.  She had never been so scared or so alone or so unexpectedly happy.  Those standing about outside heard the scream and the weeping and smiled knowingly, thinking they knew exactly what was happening inside.
“What is happening?” asked Arora breathlessly, once her sobs of relief had receded.  
“Nevis discovered us between the swordplay and the archery competition,” said Tristan, “it seems his conscience has been bothering him of late and he hopes to find a more honorable start elsewhere.  He took my place among the combatants and I must say did very well.  I hope never to meet him in battle myself.”  Tristan smiled good-humoredly at Nevis.  
Nevis said, “ever since my visit to Astoria I have felt the smallest stirrings of revulsion at the course my life has taken and at the men I have chosen to serve with.  It came again to the forefront after my interview with you my lady.  Even in such dire circumstances you did not flinch or abandon your Oath or beg for mercy.  I have never been that firm in my faith in anything, especially my evil masters.  I envy you such staunchness of heart in the face of imminent death and ruin.  At first I could only feel pity and revulsion at the idea of destroying such amazing courage, but then I began to question why I would even consider such a horrible thing.  I discovered which tent belonged to your husband and snuck in.”  
“I nearly took his head off before I figured out what he wanted,” said Turin, grinning.  
“He saved all of our lives,” said Tristan, “I am not sure how I was planning to overcome the General’s request to show my face.”  
“What now?” asked Arora.  
“Once it is fully dark we will make our escape,” said Tristan.  
“I must come with you,” said Nevis, “my life is not worth anything should I return without the lady.  I wish to learn more of who and what you are and perhaps discover this Master of yours for myself.  I am not promising to take your Oath however.”  
“The decision is fully yours and yours alone,” said Tristan, “many come to Astoria to learn or think who do not take the Oath.  You are free to do the same.”
“What is our means of escape?” asked Arora.  
“We have three unicorns and they should be able to bear four riders swiftly out of this accursed place,” said Tristan.  
“You would allow one of your beasts to carry me?” asked Nevis in wonder.  
Tristan smiled, “the decision must be theirs.  They are thinking creatures as much as you or I.  They will carry no one against their will.  But I am sure when the situation is explained they will not object.”  
Turin broke in, “Nevis may ride with me.  My stallion does not object and I am bound for Astoria anyway; we can find Nevis a horse once we are well free of the Legion.”  
“Good,” said Tristan, “we shall return to our former duties until the Lady calls for us once more.”  
Arora screamed several more times and wept loudly at convenient intervals to maintain the charade.  Nevis added an occasional evil laugh.  As darkness crept over the field, Tristan carefully cut a hole in the back of the tent big enough for each of them to sneak through while Nevis and Arora made enough noise to cover the sound of ripping canvas.  They waited for several minutes and then Tristan and Turin crept out of the tent and hunkered down in the woods.  
The pair in the tent added a few more bouts of weeping and evil laughter before they quietly crept into the darkened woods.  The unicorns were waiting and the four flung themselves into the empty saddles.  They took off with all their native speed and kept up the pace until well after dawn.  Once they were well beyond the reach of any mortal horse, they parted company and went in their separate directions.  In the small hours of the night, the General sent a servant in search of Nevis, but he and the girl were not to be found.  The General began to fear treachery on the part of his closest servant and immediately roused the city, ordering a search to be made for him, but he was never found.  The General was livid with rage and immediately offered a bounty on the man’s head far exceeding anything he was offering for any of the Brethren.  He should have had the man properly executed after his little stay in Astoria, the corrupting influence of that place was obvious, but he had chosen to ignore that minor detail.  Never again would he make the same mistake.

Turin and Nevis found a suitable place to sleep away the remainder of the day before continuing on as the moon rose.  They traveled as far as they could before sunrise and camped once more.  For a week they continued their nocturnal wanderings, hoping to avoid any witness of their passing.  After a week of such travel, they decided it was probably safe to return to a more traditional diurnal schedule.  At the end of the first week, Turin found Nevis a horse, which also eased their comfort while traveling.  They pressed as hard as Turin dared with a normal horse.  It slowed their progress, but did much to improve their moods as they journeyed.  After some weeks they finally arrived in Astoria.  
At first the Lady was grieved to see Turin return without Pallin, but then was utterly dumbfounded to discover the identity of his new traveling companion.  Their story of happenings in Panmycea amazed and astonished the Lady, though she was encouraged to hear that Pallin was relatively safe and that Arora had been rescued without anyone dying or shirking their duties.  She wondered if Nevis’s defection might not move up the Legion’s timetable, but Nevis assured her that they could only regroup so fast and currently recruiting efforts were falling far short of what was needed to replace their losses at Vespera.  She also approved of Tristan’s intentions of keeping Pallin in Thespia for the present.  
As to what to do with their guest, she was of a divided mind.  She said, “I know you have not sworn allegiance to me, the Brethren, or the Master but I hope your recent actions demonstrate a remarkable change of heart.  Do you feel comfortable speaking with me about what you know of the Legion, the Brotherhood, and the coming war?”  
Nevis bowed graciously, “Lady I will speak with you gladly, but know that though I was deep in the councils of your enemy he kept the majority of his secrets to himself and I know little more of his future plans than you yourself.”  
The Lady replied, “I will gladly hear whatever you are willing to share, but I will not badger you for things you do not know or are unwilling to pass along freely.  But I must confess, I am not quite sure how much I can trust you.  You are welcome to stay here as long as you wish, especially if the world grows dangerous for you after recent events.  The Brethren are deeply indebted to you for your recent assistance and we owe you at least that much, but my heart begs caution in allowing you to run free amongst us.  Do I ask too much to have someone escort you at the times you wish to go abroad?”  
Nevis smiled, “Lady it is your country and your laws.  I am here to seek Truth and I understand your concern that I may yet be an agent of your enemy and recent events were only concocted to lull you into trusting me.  Do as you see fit.”  
She smiled, “it will not be too odious an inconvenience I think.  You shall have your own quarters, but I will assign Trap to escort you should you wish to go out.”  
Nevis looked at her in astonishment, “how is it you would trust such as he to watch such as me?”  
The Lady smiled, “I have no doubts about his intentions or honor.  I trust him as much as I trust anyone, even Tristan.  I have ways of knowing the hearts of those in my service.”  Nevis bowed in acquiescence and said no more lest he annoy such a venerable woman.
Trap was soon prevailed upon to shepherd the as yet undecided Nevis.  “What is it like?” asked Nevis the next day as they wandered upon the wide lawn.  
“What is what like?” asked Trap.  
“What is it like to be one of them?” asked Nevis.  
“You mean to take the Oath and serve the Master?” asked Trap.  
“Exactly,” said Nevis, “is it so easy to forsake your oaths to the darkness and switch sides completely?”  
“It was the easiest but also the hardest thing I have ever done,” said Trap, “I was a broken man when I forsook the Brotherhood and it was long before I could come to understand and embrace my former enemies.  Yet it is a strange and powerful thing.  I am completely bound to the will of the Master and the Lady, yet I feel a remarkable sense of freedom that I never felt under my former masters.  I no longer fear death or what comes after.  I only know that in such service I am completely content and for the first time in my life I am whole.”  
“Do you know how strange you sound?” mused Nevis, “I would hardly recognize you as the same man.”  
“I am not the same man,” said Trap quietly, “the man, or perhaps I should say the monster, I was when I forsook evil died with my former oaths.  Who I am today is the man I should always have been.  I do not mourn the loss of my former self.”  
“Yet what gain is there in serving others and ignoring your own needs?” asked Nevis skeptically.  
“I wondered the same thing,” said Trap, “but in a strange way I have found all of my needs and even some of my deepest desires fulfilled by living my life in the service of others.  It seems paradoxical, but it is nonetheless true.”  
“Have you become some sort of nearly perfect and almost holy saint then?” asked Nevis teasingly.  
Trap laughed, “taking the Oath does no such thing.  You do not become less human.  I would say you actually become more so.  Before, I was a selfish, unfeeling man lost in loneliness and fear.  Now I have purpose and meaning and even joy, hope, and love.  I still struggle daily with the little temptations to put myself before others, but that is just part of the human experience and I think nothing short of death can completely free us of such desires.  I think even the Lady herself must struggle on some level with such thoughts.”  
“You have given me much to think on,” said Nevis, “I realized there was something different about these people, but seeing the changes wrought in you I would never have believed it had I not seen it myself.”  
Trap smiled and said, “you will see stranger things yet.”  The Lady peered down at the pair from her window high above and mused on what might be passing between them.  


Chapter 11

The King was confused to learn of Tristan’s sudden flight and apparent replacement, but he took the news as only a King of Thespia could: he laughed and slapped Pallin on the back and said, “I know you will do a good job, but you had best get to work on my wall if it is to be finished by the time the war starts.”  
Pallin stared at him in disbelief before realizing the man was joking.  He was discovering how very different the people in the southern climes were than in his own northern home.  It was a long time to wait and wonder at what fate might befall his friends, but he tried to busy himself overseeing the defenses Tristan had begun to put in place.  He thought Tristan would be proud of the things the people were accomplishing in his absence, if only he lived to see it.  Finally, after an eternity and a little more, Tristan and Arora came riding back into Berea as if they had simply gone out for a day’s ride and nothing more.  
Pallin joyously embraced both of them and his worried look was answered when Tristan said, “Turin has ridden for Astoria with a new acquaintance; your skills and sword will be quite useful in Thespia for a time.”  He then went on to tell the wide-eyed boy all about their recent adventures.  
Pallin said, “it seems I always must be the responsible one and miss out on all the fun.  If you are not leaving me at the University, you are leaving me to nursemaid your defense projects.”  
Tristan smiled and said, “I see your point, but I must ask you to continue in your present task until we are called back by the Lady.  I shall accompany Arora as she makes her rounds of the countryside.  I do not think such a task would be to your liking.”  
The boy smiled, “it does seem a rather dreary assignment unless one happens to be married to the lady he is supposed to be keeping safe.”  
“All the more reason to guard her closely,” said Tristan, as both men laughed.  
Arora added, “actually, I had assumed I would be the one keeping Tristan out of mischief.”  
“When she puts it that way,” said Pallin, “I do not envy you your task at all.”  They all laughed and then went in search of the King.  He was delighted to see Arora again and demanded a performance to apologize for her absence.  
She bowed and said, “of course your Majesty.  Though, I seem to have misplaced my instrument.”  
The King said, “I shall have the finest replacement in the Kingdom found and brought to your quarters.”  
He turned to Tristan and said, “I greatly dislike her absences and hope that from now on you will do a better job of guarding her from danger.  At least my Kingdom is in safe hands with Master Pallin.”  Tristan laughed and Pallin blushed.  It was a merry evening for all as Arora sang and the audience hung on every word.
Pallin was relieved to no longer be the only sane person in the whole of Thespia; his duties and those of Tristan and Arora would keep them moving constantly but it was nice to know he was not alone in such a vast and peculiar country.  Things quickly settled into a routine for all involved.  Arora traveled from place to place and offered her talents to any who cared to listen; Tristan went with her and kept an eye on things, but also had some very deep conversations with people from all walks of life.  Pallin was pleased to see their plans for the defense of Thespia becoming reality so efficiently.  It was all going quite well, which is always the time when things start to go wrong.  
A few weeks prior, a Princess had arrived from Arca, desperate to find a decent husband before her father arranged a marriage of political convenience for her.  Upon hearing that Thespia had several rather handsome (and rich) princes, she immediately set out for the Southern Kingdoms in search of a man.  
Princess Kalyn was the same young lady who was previously disappointed never to have been kidnapped by a dragon.  She had told her father her plans, but as she was the least interesting of his dozen or so children he had not really been listening all that closely and it is questionable whether he yet realized she was gone.  Upon first arriving, she quickly acquired a preference for the local (though slightly scandalous) fashions and dressed accordingly.  Her first weeks in Thespia had been spent observing and grading the men (especially the princes and nobles) on such things as handsomeness, manners, wealth, skill with a sword, and rank.  She had found the rumors of the Thespian Princes greatly exaggerated and found none of them to suit her fancies.  Her thoughts and affections however, fell most favorably on the unsuspecting Pallin.
 Pallin was often out of the palace on duties of his own, but when he did return Kalyn was invariably underfoot.  It got to such a point that he actually started hiding from her, which only made her think he was playing hard to get.  Finally, he could stand it no longer and decided to speak to her about her highly improper behavior.  He had never been very comfortable around girls, and after joining the Brethren he spent very little time around women.  His female colleagues were different somehow, or at least different than how he felt around 'normal' women.  They were almost like sisters and he was much more comfortable in that role than he was with women outside the Brethren.  He was glad Tristan was not around, he could not imagine what the man would think if he told him that he was afraid of a girl, but then he remembered Tristan's trials with the Queen of Vespera and thought that he might actually understand after all.  
But things could not go on as they were, he had to address the issue immediately before the girl became desperate.  He worked up his courage and went to speak with her.  As usual, she was not very far from him at any given moment.  He cleared his throat nervously and said, "Princess Kalyn this must stop."  
She beamed at being addressed by the object of her affections, "what has to stop?  If you mean that you must stop ignoring me you are absolutely right."  This was not starting well.  
Pallin blushed and said, "you cannot continue haunting my steps or showering such attention on me.  It is not proper nor can I return your feelings."  
"Give it time and you will," said she happily.  
"It is impossible," said Pallin.  
She began to feel a tad frustrated as she realized he might actually be serious, "it is not impossible if I say it is possible."  
"What?" asked the befuddled Pallin.  
She smiled like a cat eyeing a mouse, "according to Thespian law a woman has the right to decide whom she will marry and when."  
"What?" gasped Pallin, "That seems a strange interpretation.  I would think that law was meant to prevent women from being forced into unwanted marriages rather than to allow women the right to force men into such an arrangement."  
"Interpret it however you wish," said she in a singsong voice, "but that is what the law states."  
"And what if I defy such a law?" asked Pallin.  
"You must fight a duel with my champion," said she, "if you lose...well that kind of finalizes things, but if you win you do not have to do as I say."  
"Neither of us are Thespians," said Pallin.  
"We are both currently residing in Thespia," said she, "does not local law apply to you as much as me?"  
"I cannot marry you even if we both wished it," said Pallin, "regardless of how you interpret this peculiar country's insane laws!"  
"Why not?" asked the girl sulkily.  
Pallin stared at her aghast, "if you have not noticed I am one of the Brethren."  
"Yes," smiled the girl hungrily, "I know the Brethren can marry.  Arora is married."  
"She is married to another of the Brethren," said Pallin impatiently, "I am not allowed to marry outside the Brethren."  
"That is a simple problem to fix," said she, "I will simply take your little oath and then we will have nothing to worry about."  
Pallin stared at her dumbfounded, "no one 'simply' takes the Oath.  It is something that will radically change your life and is not to be taken lightly.  I do not think you have even considered what such a thing means.  Besides, even if you took the Oath I still would have no interest in marrying you."  
She scowled at him and said, "this is not over yet."  She stormed out of the room.  Pallin was too stunned to speak.
 To Pallin's relief, Tristan and Arora soon returned to the palace and sought him out immediately.  He was a little nervous about speaking his mind to both of them, but he could not decide if he would rather tell Tristan or Arora.  He finally decided they both might have some good advice and told them of his problems with Kalyn.  
Arora smiled grimly, "she is a headstrong and foolish girl.  She needs a strong dose of reality, or at least a good spanking."  The men did not know whether to be amused or scandalized.  She continued, "I shall speak to her."  She immediately left the room in search of the improper princess and they almost felt sorry for the girl.  
Tristan looked at Pallin and said, "I understand what this must be like.  I went through something similar with the Queen of Vespera, though she at least had the sense to take no for an answer.  I fear this girl is willing to cause problems if she does not get her way.  Perhaps Arora can talk some sense into her."  Both men thought that highly unlikely.  
Arora soon found the girl musing idly in her chambers.  "What do you want?" asked the princess.  
"I would like a word with you," said Arora sternly, "you are behaving in a most imprudent fashion and it must stop."  
"You have no authority over me," said the girl, "I will do as I please.  Only my father can stop me and he could hardly care less about my behavior.  It is a hopeless matter.  Be gone before I call the guards."  
Arora said, "if you do not desist in your attentions to Pallin, I will speak to the King personally."  
She smirked, "the King will not care what I do.  It is a matter of little concern to him, as is everything else.  I will get what I want in the end, I always do.  Besides, why should it bother you?  You are already married."  
In her most patient voice Arora said, "Pallin is one of my comrades and under my husband's command.  Whatever concerns him, also concerns me.  Your pursuit of him is futile and only serves as an irritation and a distraction.  Can you not see he does not return your affection?  I also start to wonder how much you truly care for him; if you did care for him you would respect his wishes."  
"I want a respectable husband," said the girl, "no more and no less.  He has met my expectations and I will have him.  I do enjoy a good hunt."  
"This is not a game or a hunt," said Arora, "this is a man's life and your respectability as a woman.  Your persistence will drag you both into ruination.  Is that what you want?"  
"I know what I want and I always get it in the end," said the girl snidely as she turned away and left the room.
The girl stood before the King the next day with a triumphant grin on her face.  The three Brethren were also present but none were as eager to be there as the girl.  “Gregg,” said the girl to the King, “I wish to marry this man and he denies me the rights accorded me by your laws.”  
The King yawned and said, “I really do not care how you settle this matter, but please do not bore me with it.  Take it to the lawyers, it is their job to interpret the law.  I merely write it.”  
They apologized for taking up his time and immediately applied to the royal lawyers for guidance.  “Well,” said one bookish man, “her interpretation could be taken from the wording of the law though I believe its original meaning was to prevent women from being forced to marry, but she does have a point if you look at it in a precise literal interpretation.  We all know the original intent of the law, but from a legal standpoint the wording must be changed or her interpretation must stand.”  The girl smiled triumphantly.  
Tristan said, “do you have any idea what this will do to the social structure of your country if this interpretation becomes well known among the general populous?  It will enforce upon men the same thing the law was intended to prevent among women.”  
The man looked at his colleagues thoughtfully and said, “you may be right, but that is for the king to worry about.  We merely interpret the law.  He must enforce it and maintain social order.  If it will be such a calamity, perhaps he should reword the law.”  
“Thank you,” said Tristan and they bowed themselves out and returned to the King.
“Yes?” said the rather irritated monarch, “Can you not see that I am in the middle of a vital game of stickball?”  
“This is a rather pressing matter majesty,” said Arora, “your whole Kingdom lies on the brink of social chaos should this law go into effect as interpreted by the girl and your own lawyers.”  Having captured his curiosity, he put down his stick and listened intently.  The other players were forced to wait upon his convenience.  Arora said, “the lawyers say that the girl’s interpretation is justified from the inexact wording of the law, though it was never the intent of the original writer.  Should you choose not to reword the law, I fear women will be allowed to decide who they will marry and when and then force that choice upon any man they wish, thus burdening the men of your Kingdom with the practice that the law was created to prevent among women.  If this happens, no man is safe and complete chaos will erupt within the social order.”  
“Fascinating,” said the King, “it would be amusing to watch such a scenario unfold, but I suppose you are correct in your assumptions.  I shall reword the law to read that ‘no person shall be forced to marry against their will.’  Will that suffice?”  
“Very good your Majesty,” said Arora, “that will do very well.”  
“But I had my eye on this man before the law was changed,” whined the girl, “should not my case be considered under the original law?”  The King sighed and they knew it was time to return to the lawyers.  
“Back already?” beamed the bookish man, “What have you to tell us?”  
Tristan said, “the king has agreed to change the law as we suggested, but the girl claims her case should be judged based on the former wording of the law due to the timing of her decision to marry the man of her choosing.”  
“I do love a legal challenge,” smiled the lawyer, “but I fear this is really a simple matter.  The girl would be correct in her argument.”  
Tristan said, “does this particular law pertain to non-Thespians, as none involved are of Thespian descent?”  
“Another good argument,” said the lawyer, “this is great fun!  All of our laws are meant to apply to those within our borders whether citizens or visitors.  I do not see a way out of this from a legal standpoint.”  
“What are the legal ramifications should Pallin refuse to do as the girl demands?” asked Tristan gloomily.  
“There has never been a legal precedent,” said the lawyer, “again we can only interpret the law.  The king must enforce it.”  They smiled ruefully and went once more to bother the king.  
“What now?” said the king, just about to take his turn in stickball.  
“The lawyers say the girl’s case should be judged as previously written,” said Tristan, “we must now determine the penalties should we refuse to abide by their judgment.”  
The king smiled, “and I am the one who must enforce the laws, the lawyers will only interpret.  This is verging on the ridiculous.  I am quite enjoying it!”  Tristan wished he felt the same.  The girl smiled ecstatically.  “What are the reasons for not complying with the law as previously written?” asked the king.  
“I do not wish to marry the girl your Majesty,” said Pallin.  
The king laughed and said, “I need a legal reason, this affair is not based on something as mutable as feelings.  I need something concrete and reasonable from a legal perspective.”  
Tristan said, “it would violate his Oath to marry someone not of the Brethren.  It goes against our oldest laws and traditions to do such a thing.  This girl has no idea of the danger her meddling poses to Pallin.”  
“So,” said the King, “it is not just a matter of inconvenience and lack of affection.  This proposed union would violate your own laws and break this man’s oath.  Fascinating.  You know what to do!”  He smiled in amusement as they went again in search of the lawyers.  “
This is really a most intriguing day,” said the erudite man, “what can I help you with now?”  
“You have decided that the law applies to non-Thespians as previously written,” said Tristan, “but what happens when the law as applied violates a law or strong oath of another country or people?”  
“How wonderful!” laughed the lawyer, “You continue to fascinate me.  Which has precedence: the girl’s interpretation or your own laws and vows?  In a case like this I am afraid we must reference back to the Common Law, from which all modern laws and civilizations have sprung.”  He continued, “when local laws conflict with each other, we must bow to the authority of the Common Law.  Now let me see…what does the Common Law have to say about such things…”  
Tristan broke in and said, “as one of the Brethren, I believe I have the right to interpret the Common Law before all here gathered.”  The lawyers nodded their agreement, as it was one of the duties of the Brethren to serve as interpreters of the Common Law.  The girl did not look happy.  Tristan said, “the Common Law is quite clear in stating that ‘no one shall be forced to marry against their will unless ordered to do so by a jury of their peers and an objective interpreter of the law in exceptional cases.’  I do not think this meets the criteria and hereby declare this case resolved.  I am sorry Kalyn, but you must look elsewhere for what you seek."  
The girl did not look happy but neither did she appear too sorrowful, either for her behavior or for the 'loss' of Pallin, thus confirming Tristan's suspicions that her heart was not involved in the affair.  Seeing her arguments fall apart, she shrugged her shoulders as if it were of no great concern and walked serenely from the room.  The Brethren and the lawyers shared a wondering look.  Tristan thanked them for their time and the lawyers were equally grateful for the intriguing legal exercise.  All left mutually satisfied.  
Arora went in search of Kalyn, in case the girl needed someone to talk to.  She found the girl sitting peacefully in one of the gardens.  She said as Arora approached, "it was worth a try at least.  I will find a worthy husband yet.  Perhaps I shall go west to the plains of Tithbia.  I have heard there are many brave and mighty warriors amongst the nomadic clans of the plain."  
Arora said, "are you sure it is wise for a woman to travel alone in such times as these and into such unknown territory as the vast plains of Tithbia?"  
The girl shrugged, "you go out often alone."  
Arora said, "I was kidnapped for my trouble and nearly got Tristan killed for it.  And I have been doing it for many years.  You have little experience with such things."  
"I will do as I must," snapped the girl, as she got up and fled to her room.  Arora sadly watched her go.


Chapter 12

Tristan and Arora set out once again on another round of visits to the various villages throughout Thespia.  Pallin left to oversee one of the many projects nearing completion throughout the Kingdom.  It was a little over a week before all returned again to the palace.  Arora was not surprised to learn that Kalyn had left shortly after their departure; she did not doubt where the girl had gone but worried for her safety.  Almost as soon as Tristan arrived, a servant met him in the courtyard of the palace with a message from Bristol, who had returned to Arca once the threat from the Legion had passed (Arca as most countries, had officially banished their advisors from the Legion when the attack on Vespera began).  A pigeon had arrived from Arca with a desperate message from Bristol in Tristan's absence.  The King of Arca had finally realized his daughter was missing and wanted her back from Thespia immediately.  
Bristol did not think things would go well if the girl was not returned soon and asked that Tristan bring her himself if possible.  The only problem was that the girl had been gone almost a week and no one knew exactly where she was.  If she was not found, relations could grow ugly between Thespia and Arca and might even go so far as to involve Astoria in Thespia’s embarrassment.  With the current threats from the Legion and the Brotherhood, this was not a good time for international unrest or any distractions from preparing for the coming darkness.  Tristan had little choice, the girl must be found.  It was quickly decided that Pallin would stay and continue with preparations in Thespia while Tristan and Arora would ride west in search of the girl.  They left immediately for the Plains of Tithbia.
 Tithbia was not so much a country as it was a vast stretch of rolling grassland peopled by semi-nomadic clans, who though independent, bowed to the leadership of an elected Chieftain.  They raised arguably the finest horses in the known world and the beasts were much sought after by anyone desirous of the best horseflesh.  They were especially popular amongst the nobility and higher-ranking military officers.  The people of the plain were not farmers, save for their horses and perhaps a few goats, cows, and a small garden plot.  They did love to hunt however, and this combined with the lucrative trade in their prized horses made them quite a prosperous people.  They were also renowned for their fighting abilities, which were needed to protect their herds from people who would rather not attain the famed horses through approved channels.  
If someone could win them over to their side in the coming conflict, it might mean the difference between victory and defeat.  However, they were a proud and independent people not wishing to side with anyone, simply wishing to be left in peace.  The Lady had sent envoys to them in the past, but they were not apt to listen to outsiders and the men were politely but firmly sent away.  Music seemed to be an important part of their culture and they would tolerate a singer in their midst if they were skilled enough to keep the Tithbians listening.  Outsiders were allowed to cross the plains and were encouraged to trade with the scattered clans, but otherwise there was little contact between the men of the plains and elsewhere.
 Tristan and Arora followed the road the girl was most likely to have taken, frequently stopping at inns along the way to ask if anyone had seen her.  Several of the innkeepers and serving maids remarked the girl because it was an odd sight to see a young lady traveling alone in these troubled times and in such wild country.  As they traveled, they slowly caught up, for the rumor of her passing grew steadily younger; they were only a few days behind her when they reached the first stretches of open grassland that rolled on for endless miles into the West.  Tristan had crossed the plains many times in his various journeys for the Lady and knew some of the customs of the traveling clans.  
There were permanent villages where the women, children, and old folk stayed year round with about half of the adult men.  The men took turns traveling with the precious herds, ever in search of fresh pasture.  The women stayed home to raise the children, tend the gardens, and otherwise attend to the everyday needs of their families.  The men rotated time at home protecting the village and time away watching over the horses.  In peaceful days, the clans had not been too concerned about strangers passing over the plains as long as they were respectful of the animals, villages, and people.  In these darker days, Tristan wondered if the same attitude existed or if their opinion of strangers had taken a turn for the worse.  They were soon to find out.  There was a sizable village along the road as it ventured from the forested east into the treeless hills of the west.  They stopped to inquire of the locals as to conditions among the people of the plain.  
The village was a strange mix of plainsmen and others of a more eastern descent, serving as a hub for trade and news between east and west.  As they entered the village, two well-armed men approached.  They dismounted, as the strangers obviously wanted to speak, by their clothes they were numbered among the clansmen.  Both bowed politely, as was the custom among most of the nations of the world.  Tristan and Arora returned the courtesy.  
The taller of the two said, "welcome to the Plains of Tithbia.  What is your road and business?"  
Tristan said, "we are come in search of a girl who ran away from home in search of adventure.  We know she was here not many days ago.  She must be found soon or dire consequences may erupt; her father is a powerful man.  Our road lies in whichever direction she has fled."  
The man smiled, "we have heard of this girl.  A very strong willed and stubborn child of noble birth?"  
Tristan smiled in relief, "that sounds like her.  Can you tell me where she can be found?"  
The man smiled in amusement, "she fell afoul of some of our elders not many days ago and has been punished."  
Tristan paled with concern, "punished?  If she is injured in any way her father will not be pleased."  
The man continued to grin, as if he found the whole scenario funny, "fear not.  She has not been harmed, in fact she may come away a better person, for she could hardly grow worse.  The punishment for disrespecting an elder is tedious labor until the elders are convinced you have worked yourself into a suitable state of humility.  She is busy mucking stalls, washing dishes, weeding garden plots, milking cows, and hauling refuse."  
Tristan laughed in relief, "that eases my heart.  Where is she?"  
The man said, "in a village a day's ride from here, but you must speak to the Chieftain if you wish to intervene.  All strangers must speak to him before riding across our lands.  We will escort you."  It was not so much a request as a polite demand.  Tristan bowed in acknowledgement and soon enough everyone was mounted and headed towards the town wherein the Chieftain maintained his residence.  
 Tristan chaffed at wasting several days in riding across the plains in search of the Chieftain, but he wondered if there might be more to this trip than a mere courtesy visit.  They crossed a vast amount of territory swiftly, owing to the speed and stamina of the Tithbian horses; the unicorns easily kept apace.  They passed an occasional village where the children watched curiously as the riders passed, at other times they glimpsed great herds of horses in the distance, black upon the hills.  They finally arrived at Grubar, the unofficial capital of the wandering herdsmen; a wall surrounded the thriving market town, complete with numerous craftsmen and shops of various kinds.  A wild mix of locals and strangers wandered the streets searching for a good deal and riches beyond dreaming.  
The guards upon the wall glanced down curiously but the gates were wide open and visitors came and went as they pleased.  Their escorts led them to a modest structure in the middle of the town where they dismounted and tied their horses to the provided rail.  The visitors were asked to leave their weapons at the door by the guards, which they did.  Both guards raised their eyebrows as Arora removed her sword and set it at their feet.  She wondered if there was some proscription against women going armed in this strange and wild country.  It was rather the opposite: Tithbian women were often armed, it was the women from outside that seldom knew anything about weapons.  
After The Brethren and their escorts disarmed themselves, all were allowed to enter the presence of the Chieftain.  It was a simple building, all one large room, though the walls were carved and painted in a delightful yet subtle style.  The Chieftain sat at ease in a large chair against the far wall, as if waiting to hear and judge their case.  Their escorts approached the man and slapped their right arms across their hearts, as was their fashion of greeting.  The taller man said, "we bring these visitors from the East.  They came searching for a runaway child and we felt they must apply for your permission to roam about in our lands."  
The Chieftain looked curiously in the direction of the Brethren as Tristan and Arora bowed.  Tristan said, "we have come seeking the daughter of the King of Arca far in the East.  She has come here without permission and her father is anxious for her return.  Your men inform us that she is currently serving some sort of punitive sentence doing tedious and messy tasks.  We ask only that she be released to our custody that we may return her before her father does something rash.  War is already brewing with the Legion and other evil powers; we do not need further conflict between previously peaceful nations."  
The Chieftain raised his eyebrows in surprise and said, "this mere girl can cause such strife?  Are things that desperate abroad?  Who is this 'we' you speak of and why is a mere errand-rider concerned about international conflict?"  
Tristan bowed again to the astute man, "I am no mere errand-rider of Arca.  I am of the Brethren and the Lady is concerned with all matters, small or great, that affect the peace and balance of power.  We pursue and destroy evil in all its incarnations wherever it roams and in whatever guise."
 "I have heard of the Brethren," said the Chieftain, "we occasionally hear of them crossing our lands or even stopping to speak with our people, but we have no interest in such things and they soon move on.  Although when one of your musicians happens by we are very happy to enjoy their talents if they have the time to linger among us.  I have no interest in the girl and you may feel free to take her and go.  This is the only reason you have journeyed so far?"  
Tristan was about to reply when a shadowy figure slipped out of a dark corner and approached them.  It was a man in the uniform of the Legion, and from the evil pall about him, he was also one of the Brotherhood.  "My Lord," said he, "I would not trust the words of this man.  He would not have journeyed hence for so small an errand.  He has come to treacherously win your people to the side of Astoria in the coming conflict.  You can trust nothing he says and must not allow him to roam free in your lands."  
"I did not ask your opinion," said the King to the man, "nor do I want it.  You would do well to go far away and leave me in peace, but you will not go so I am forced to endure your presence.  It is a great burden to me, sometimes I feel as though my thoughts were not my own and it takes all my will to fight them into submission."  
The man tried to smile but it looked more a snarl, "I only want what is best for you and your people.  By serving my masters you will maintain your lands and freedoms when all other peoples fall into slavery and ruin."  
"I wish to serve no one but my own people," said the Chieftain, "we wish only to live free upon the plains in our own way as ever our forefathers did."  
Tristan broke into the debate, "I have only come on the errand I mentioned, but I do not think it is chance that has brought me hither at this time.  This man is a vile servant of evil and you are wise to wish him out of your presence.  He and the Legion want nothing less than total conquest of the world and the destruction or enslavement of all men.  He is right in one thing however, you cannot sit out the coming conflict.  Either you fight for what is right and good and true or you sit and do nothing while all else falls and then when your turn comes there will be no one left to lend you aid.  You can still aid and assist evil even if you do not actively promote or fight alongside it.  By doing nothing you help ensure its victory."  
"What did I tell you," said the evil man, "he has come to conscript your people into his pointless wars."  
"I am not here to do any such thing," said Tristan, "I am simply stating the fact that there is no neutral middle ground in this conflict and everyone must choose which side they will support by their actions or lack thereof.  If he chooses to actively fight for the peace and freedom his people cherish, we will happily fight alongside them. We do not threaten or force them to do anything they do not wish to, but the chances of evil prevailing strengthen if they sit aside and do nothing.  It is their decision to make and we will do what we must, whether they are there to help us or not.  We will fight this battle as long as there is one man who yet draws breathe amongst us, even if he must do it alone and with nothing but his fists."  
"Fine words," sneered the man, "but what would you give these valiant people in exchange for their lives?  My masters promise a rich reward."  
Tristan smiled grimly, "your masters promise much but give only death and treachery.  I promise nothing but perhaps the chance that we might prevail and evil will recede once more that we may live life again as we choose."  
The Chieftain sighed, he was growing weary of this debate.  He said, "my people are independent and free.  We have never depended on anyone else nor bothered others who left us alone to live in peace.  Yet I can see as well as anyone that evil increases and the world marches towards darkness and war.  Perhaps we can weather the storm and come out the other side, yet the evil one promises retribution should we not serve his purposes and the stranger fears that all might fail should we stand aside.  I do not think it chance that has brought you both here at the same time.  I must now decide what fate awaits my people in the coming darkness and thereafter.
But I know little of the sides in this war and know not the measure or value of each.  How can I choose a side without knowing the worth of the cause or the honor of the people?  However, there are three things my people know, love, and cherish and it is these three things that will determine the course of our future.  The three things we honor above all else are the sword, the horse, and the song.  I offer a challenge to the two of you and one of my champions; the winner will decide the fate of my people in this war.  If the dark man wins we shall side with him, if my man wins we shall remain neutral, and if the stranger wins we shall side with Astoria.  There will be three events, each judged by myself and my people.  This will be a contest of the sword, the horse, and the song.  Do you accept?"
 The dark man snarled, "if this is the only way, then it will be as it must, though my masters will not approve of such trivial methods of choosing sides."  
Tristan bowed and said, "I have come only in search of the girl, but it seems that greater things are in store.  We shall participate, but I ask one thing."  
The Chieftain looked at him curiously, "yes?"  
"May the lady who accompanies me compete in my stead?" asked Tristan.  
The Chieftain smiled, "you may choose the champion of your choice from amongst your people, but I did not think outlanders let their women handle swords or ride recklessly."  
Tristan smiled, "she is well up to the challenge."  Arora looked at him as if he had lost his mind.  
"Very well," said the Chieftain, "tonight the three competitors will entertain my people with a song of their choice and tomorrow we shall see how you handle a horse and a sword.  The three contestants shall be ranked first through third with three points for first, two points for second, and one for third.  The man or lady with the most points at the conclusion of the contest shall decide the fate of my people.  Is this agreeable to all?"  There were nods all around.  "Very well," said the Chieftain, "you are dismissed until the evening meal and then we shall see if you outlanders can sing!"  He actually looked eager for the diversion, at least he would be rid of the despicable man from the Legion at the conclusion of the event.  The Chieftain quickly located the man he thought would surely win the day for the Tithbians.  Tristan and Arora found a quiet place to talk.  
Arora said, "are you out of your mind volunteering me for this?"  
Tristan smiled ruefully and said, "you know I cannot sing.  Your horsemanship and skills with a blade are outstanding and I think you shall prove the victor in this competition."  
She smiled at his reference to his singing abilities: he sounded like a stepped-on cat.  She was also pleased by his assessment of her abilities.  "Very well," said she, "I will do it if I must but you must help me select a song for the evening.  You know these people better than I."  They went to work mulling over her vast repertoire of songs, trying to find something that would impress the Tithbians.


Chapter 13

Evening gathered and the townsfolk with it, the coming spectacle would decide the fate of a nation.  Nothing this exciting had happened in a very long time and all looked forward to the event, though some worried about the course of the future, all knew this would be a momentous and pivotal occasion.  They drew straws and the Chieftain's champion (Merle) was to go first, followed by the evil man, and finally Arora.  As the first stars peeped out overhead, Merle stood up and in a loud clear voice that rang across the hills, sang an ancient song as wild, proud, and free as his people.  It stirred the blood and made the soul want to fly free across the starry expanse of the heavens.  The people were silent for many minutes after the song had finished, just living in its memory.  Once the audience started to move about and speak amongst themselves, the dark man stood up and sang (or at least tried to sing), in a high, trembling voice, a mournful dirge that minded one of the wind wailing through a hollow tree or drafty building.  It was a relief when he finished and Arora swiftly stood in hopes of changing the present mood of unease and disquiet.  
The people found it fascinating that a woman was to compete in such an event, while she might be a fine singer they wondered how much of a warrior she could possibly be.  Her carefully selected song spoke of a war long ago and far away, though the same spirit that lived among the clansmen was alive and well among the forgotten people of the song.  With a voice as clear and sweet as a lark on the wing, she sang of desperate battles, unbelievable victories, and tragic loss.  She sang of hope, freedom, honor, and peace.  She sang of life and the greatest longings of the soul.  Spellbound, her audience was swept away into times long ago and battles long over.  They felt the arrows as they fell and heard the thunder of hooves on distant hills.  Finally, her song faded away like mist in the morning and left her audience wondering where they were and why they were not still immersed in a forgotten struggle against the darkness.  It was not a hard thing to place Arora first, Merle second, and the dark man last.  With the Chieftain’s blessing, Arora sang on for much of the night.
 Morning dawned cool and clear, a perfect day for the remainder of the contest.  The three competitors were to face each other in turn with the sword.  There would be three rounds and each person would face each of the others in single combat.  The participants would be judged on skill, footwork, and blows blocked, taken, or given.  The idea was not to maim their opponent but to showcase their abilities.  The vile man faced off with Merle with Merle coming out the victor.  After a rest, Arora drew her sword and sparred with Merle, who soundly beat her.  After another break, Arora faced the evil man who managed to win, but barely.  Merle was the victor, followed by the evil man, and Arora was last.  Arora was skilled enough with a sword to defend herself at need, but her talents were far stronger in music and lore.  
The final event would be a race to the top of a distant hill and back again.  The winner would be the first person across the finish line.  While they could jostle each other, anything verging on injurious was forbidden.  Arora tried to bring up the fact that her mount had an unnatural advantage over normal horses, but the Chieftain said, "I am sure she is a fine horse lass, but she will need every advantage she can get over our native horses."  She shook her head and climbed into her saddle.  The flag was dropped and the race began.  Arora let her mare have her head, but held her back enough to keep a close eye on the evil man.  She did not trust him in this event.  
The goal was to reach the distant hill, round the old oak at its peak, and return as swiftly as possible.  It was a race of both speed and endurance for the horse and of skill for the rider.  The ground was uneven and very stony with numerous small creeks and miry bogs along the way; the hill itself was steep and treacherous.  They had just lost sight of the city when the evil man (who was riding almost even with Merle) drew his sword and slashed him across the shoulder.  Normally this would be a rather painful inconvenience, but Arora knew far too well the fatal nature of even a minor stroke from the terrible blades carried by the Brotherhood.  She was well in the lead, but immediately turned the mare around and rode back towards Merle at a full gallop.  Merle had fallen from his saddle and lay upon the ground, breathing harshly and irregularly, barely clinging to consciousness.  Jumping from her saddle, Arora pulled out her belt knife and cut off the sleeve covering the wound.  The mare, instinctively knowing what to do, happily drooled all over the evil lesion.  The angry redness retreated and the wound looked much more natural.  Merle came fully awake, looking at the wound and the mare standing over him.  
"What happened?" asked he.  
"The sinister man cheated," said she, "his blade is fatal if not attended to immediately by unicorn spit."  He looked in confusion at the woman and her horse, wondering if he had knocked his head in the fall.  
"We must go after him," said he.  
"I will escort you back to town," said she.  
"I am fine," said he, "we must not let him win, no matter the cost."  
Knowing the stubbornness she heard in his voice for what it was, she relented and helped him back onto his horse.  She remounted.  When she was fully convinced he was able to at least stay in the saddle, she gave the mare her head and took off after the vile man at a full gallop.  Such was the man's lead, that it took Arora nearly the full length of the course to catch him.  They neared the finish line and the mare was close on his heels, but not close enough.  The man's exhausted horse collapsed as he crossed the line first, a bloody froth coming from its mouth and nostrils; it twitched once and did not stir again.  The man jumped from the saddle as the poor beast collapsed, and the evil man declared himself the winner.  The unicorn, though breathing hard, did not look tired in the least.  Merle was a long time in coming, but finally he arrived.
 The chieftain looked dubiously at his champion and said, "why are you so late in coming?"  
Merle said weakly, "this vile man slashed me across the arm with his tainted blade.  I nearly lost consciousness and fell from my saddle.  The lady, who had a great lead, saw my distress and returned to aid me while the evil man kept going.  Her mare's miraculous drool somehow cleansed the evil from the wound and the weakness from my body.  She made sure I was fit to ride and then took off after the evil man, though his lead was now great.  I do not know how it ended."  
The chieftain looked at Arora, who said, "it is as he says.  This man is of the Brotherhood of the Serpent, a vile group dedicated to evil whose blades are lethal even with a small scratch.  Merle would have soon succumbed to the fatal witchery had not my mount been willing to 'cleanse' his wound.  There is some ability, innate to unicorns, that drives away evil in its myriad forms; it seems even their slobber is so blessed.  They also have speed enough to catch a mortal horse with a great lead, but alas for the vile man's beast that it had not the stamina of my mount.  The man would win at any cost, even the life of man and beast."  
The vile man spoke, "I will do what I must to convince you to serve my masters.  What is one life in the greater scheme of things?"  
The chieftain said, "all things being equal we stand at a tie.  But all things are not equal.  The vile man has cheated and nearly killed my servant; he did succeed in killing his beast, which is of no small consequence to my people.  We cannot serve so dishonorable and evil a man or his masters.  The lady has shown great honor and compassion in returning to aid a fallen 'foe.'  It has cost her the victory that should rightfully be hers."  
Merle spoke, "if I may.  Whatever points I have accrued, let them be given to her.  I owe her my life at least, what are a few points?  I will also ride to war with her and her people, even if I must go alone."  
The chieftain smiled, "let it be as you say.  But you go not alone: the Tithbians shall ride with you."  The evil man snarled and sprang upon the chieftain with drawn sword, but the chieftain’s sword was out in a moment and he fought the man to a standstill.  He said, "be gone, vile servant of evil, before I am forced to destroy you.  Tell your sinister masters that my people will never yoke ourselves to their evil plow; we will die free men."  
The evil man grinned menacingly, "you are right in one thing.  You will surely die for this.  You have single-handedly determined where the first and biggest battle shall be fought.  Tithbia shall feel the bite of the serpent!"  A two-legged, reptilian monster came snarling out of the distance and the man leapt into its vacant saddle, riding hard for Panmycea.
 "It appears you have a war on your hands," said Tristan to the stunned Chieftain, "but you shall not fight alone.  I ride at once for Astoria and will return with help.  Send word to all your warriors and get your women and children to safety.  Please send riders to alert the Southern Kingdoms to the current situation and let them know that now is the time to prepare for war.  Farewell!"  He turned quickly to Arora and said, "you must collect the girl and return her to her father.  Return with whatever help Arca, Syre and the rest of the Eastern Realms send.  I love you!"  He jumped into his saddle and was gone before Arora could make a reply.  
The chieftain stared after Tristan's retreating figure in amazement, but Arora quickly caught his attention, "I must know where the girl is so that I may complete our errand.  We shall return as quickly as possible.  It will take some time for the Legion to mobilize their forces but a moment must not be wasted.  Thank you for your hospitality, I wish we had more time to learn more of your people.  Perhaps after all this ado is finished."  The chieftain gave her the name of a village and a general idea of how to get there.  She was off as quickly as Tristan.  
Arora rode hard for several days and finally reached her destination.  Kalyn was very happy to see her.  After a little discussion with the village elders, the girl was released to Arora's custody and they were in the saddle as soon as the girl could pack her things.  Kalyn was not thrilled to ride double, but it was a much better option than remaining behind to continue her menial labors.  
"Where are we going?" asked the girl.  
"Your father has demanded your immediate return," said Arora grimly, "you are going home and the world rides to war.  Your little stunt has cost us precious time and endangered what little peace yet lingers in the world.  I hope your time here has taught you something."  
The girl actually blushed and said, "I have been very selfish and have learned the value of a day's work and respecting the rights and wishes of others."  
Arora smiled a little more warmly, "it seems your time here was not a complete waste after all.  Remember those lessons well."  The girl took it as a compliment and assumed a pleased smile.  Arora and the girl rode east as fast as they could with little of incident occurring along the way save the girl's reluctance to sleep rough, but she had little choice and dealt with it as best she could.  
Her father was pleased that she was home but very upset at her absence and reasons for leaving.  "What were you thinking?" demanded the King of Arca of his recalcitrant daughter, "The world is a very dangerous place and because of your foolishness I could well have been at war with Thespia!  Anything could have happened to you out there.  Perhaps I should marry you off to some aged lord immediately; he at least could keep you out of mischief.  Go to your chambers and we will speak of this at length very soon."
The girl wore a mortified expression and retreated to her rooms.  The King turned to Arora, "is it truly time?  I had hoped for much longer than this before I had to send soldiers to the aid of others, but if I must I must.  At least the first battle will not be fought on Arcan soil.  I will send word immediately to the surrounding nations that the time has come.  Our men can march to war together.  You have had quite a journey and I owe you my daughter's life.  Please rest awhile until our forces are gathered and commence the journey west.  We will leave as quickly as may be."  Arora bowed her thanks to the King and went in search of something to eat.

Tristan rode hard for Astoria to raise the alarm and to set things in motion as quickly as possible.  It would take time for both sides to assemble their forces, but whoever did so the quickest had a great advantage.  Tristan remembered little of the journey itself, as it was an endless cycle of riding and desperate sleep, but finally they arrived in Astoria, exhausted.  For a unicorn to be on the brink of collapse meant that the task had been of monumental proportions indeed.  Taragon was very much at that point and Tristan was not much better, but they had arrived and the message was delivered.  He found the Lady in her familiar chambers and immediately told her of happenings in the West.  
She was silent for a few moments and said, “so it is time at last.  I will have word sent immediately to our allies in this fight and to our agents in the field.  We will also mobilize the Brethren and do something that has not been done in centuries: march openly to war.  But then we have not faced a threat of this magnitude in that time either.  You are to find somewhere quiet to rest for a few days.”  Tristan looked ready to argue, but she said, “you are exhausted and I will need you rested for the coming battle.  It will do us no good if you kill yourself doing all the tedious tasks that any of us can accomplish just because you feel the need to be useful.  Now go to bed!”  
He smiled meekly and bowed himself out.  She watched him go with an amused smile on her face; the man would work himself to death if she let him.  Immediately she assembled pen, paper, and scribes to write messages to be sent by courier and pigeon to inform her allies and servants of things to come.  Her swiftest riders were saddled and on their way as soon as the scribes could write out messages for them.  Her desperately worded missives asked that all the men that could be spared, without devastating the home defenses, be mustered and sent to the plains of Tithbia immediately.  
There was much talk and wonder among the Brethren as the Lady ordered everyone to prepare for war.  Only the students, the servants, and a handful of teachers would be left behind to guard the keep.  If things went ill, this would be a mighty blow to the Brethren, but in their long history they had recovered from worse.  Their light would not go out until the end of time, though it might be reduced to a few scattered, flickering candles where once it had shone like a beacon-fire at midnight.  Astoria was alive with activity as weapons were sharpened, armor mended, provisions secured, and all the hundred other details that go into marching off to war.  In the stories, the knights hopped into their saddles and were soon off on their valiant quest.  In reality, it would take days before they were ready to move.  
Tristan slept for a full day and then a little more.  When he finally resumed his place among the living, he was impressed at the frantic activity that accompanied the Lady’s orders.  After finding something to eat and washing for the first time in what seemed years, he tracked down Taragon and found him in a much better state of health and mind than when they parted.  The unicorn was much relieved to see Tristan in high spirits as well.  They rode out to the camp occupied by General Karly’s men.  Tristan found Karly buried in paperwork as the army made ready to march.  The General smiled when he saw who his visitor was.  
“What errand has the Lady sent you on this time?” asked the man with a smile.  
Tristan returned the friendly grin, “I am completely useless at the moment.  She fears I may exhaust myself if I help with preparations to leave.  She may be right though, I am still not quite recovered from our ride back from Tithbia.”  The General raised his eyebrows in surprise when he heard how quickly Tristan had covered the distance.  Realistically, the man should not even have survived such a feat.  
He said, “after such an ordeal you should be confined to bed, under guard if necessary.”  
Tristan smiled sheepishly, “you are also right, but I would go mad if I could not at least wander about and get in the way of people doing important things.  You must also consider my mental health in such an equation, that and she cannot spare anyone to ward my bedside.”  
The General smiled at the man’s jest.  “Very well,” said he, “is there a reason for this visit beyond mere boredom?”  
Tristan smiled, “I was hoping to find some small task with which to assist you, but I now deem that impossible.  Perhaps you can just tell me how things fare with you and your men?”  
The General said, “things go about as well as can be expected.  Our numbers are up significantly since Vespera.  Word has spread and people wander in almost daily wishing to join our ranks.  Many know their way around a sword, but there are a significant number who have never even held a blade and these require much time and effort to train, but we do our best.  All of my men are eager to go on this little jaunt, but I am not allowing anyone to go who is only going to get themselves killed through lack of martial skill.  How many men do you think the Legion will muster?”  
Tristan shrugged, “you know that better than I.  I do not think their recruiting efforts have been going very well, though I have heard rumors that many of these scattered bands of thieves that have recently plagued the world are joining in droves.  They lost many at Vespera, but I think they yet have a significant force to loose upon the world.”  
“My thoughts exactly,” said Karly, “and I have heard other rumors that they are encouraging many of their more sinister soldiers to join the ranks of the Brotherhood and that there is a veritable army of these men mounted upon their vile monsters assembling somewhere in the Northern Wilds.  If such should fall upon our ranks I fear the result.  A man on foot would be torn to shreds and a mounted man would be carried off or flung from his terrified horse.  It could be a disaster.”  
“I have fought such before,” said Tristan, “it is a terrible battle even mounted on a unicorn.  Mortal horses stand little chance and people afoot none.  We must make sure that if such appear, that one of the Brethren is immediately dispatched to counter the monster.  Your men must not attempt such a feat or disaster will ensue.”  
“I agree,” said Karly, “I shall speak to the Lady at length before we set forth.  I shall bring it up then, although knowing her I think she has already considered it.”  
Tristan smiled at the man’s respect for the Lady and her wisdom.  They talked at length until Tristan felt he must again rest and the General reluctantly returned to his paperwork.  Tristan again sought his bed and slept away most of the day, awakening in time for the evening meal, during which he found Nevis and Trap.  
He smiled at his friend and the strange man who had saved his life.  “How are you two faring?” asked Tristan.  
“As well as may be,” said Trap, “it saddens me that war is about to break loose, but I will be glad to be away once more.  I have been confined too long.”  
Tristan smiled, “I feel the same way if trapped too long in one place.  It is the curse of being a man of action: you must be moving even when, for your own sake, it would be better if you allowed yourself to rest.  Such is my current dilemma.  The Lady has bid me rest, and all I want to do is help with something, anything.  I will even wash dishes!”  Trap smiled at Tristan’s perplexity.  Tristan turned his eyes to Nevis, “and what of you?”  
Nevis shrugged, “about the same.  Do you think I might ride to war with you?”  
Tristan looked at Trap, who said, “the Lady still does not allow him to roam freely about Astoria; I or another of the Brethren accompanies him constantly.  I do not think she would let him ride to war with us.”  
Tristan said, “you know how to use a sword, but you have not taken the Oath.  Riding to war with the Brethren may not be possible, but I see no reason why you could not join up with General Karly and his men.  We all fight the same battle after all.” 
 Nevis smiled, “I think that is what I shall do.  I will apply to the General tomorrow.  I thank you for your assistance.”
There was little in the way of after dinner entertainment or conversation as everyone was still very busy with preparations.  Tristan found a few more old friends to catch up with briefly and then retired early.  At dawn, he and Trap were summoned to the Lady.  Nevis had left at daybreak for Karly’s camp thus relieving Trap of his escort duties, which was of great relief to him; he did not mind shepherding the man, but it grew wearisome after so many days.  They bowed before the Lady and took the waiting seats.  
She smiled at them, “as you know the time grows short before the course of the future is decided upon the fields of Tithbia.  Not long ago, I sent you both on a vital errand of dire secrecy.  I fear the time has come to put the fruit of that errand to use.  The Legion may have enough men or a cunning strategy to best us in battle, but even then I doubt the Enemy will stop short of total annihilation of all that stands in his way.  I fear the battle with the Legion will only be the first act; the second will involve a far deadlier foe.  Should the foul dragon descend upon us in the moment of final victory or defeat, we must be ready.  Each of us shall take one leaf of the precious plant and be prepared to use it if we must.  Trap, you shall be my first champion.  If you fall, I shall prevail upon Tristan and finally, I will attempt to accomplish the impossible should all else fail.  Do you understand and accept this suicidal task should it become necessary?”  The men nodded.  “Good,” said she, “then may the Master ride with us all.”
After they had left her presence, Trap said, “what do you think she means by risking herself in such an endeavor?”  
“I fear,” said Tristan, “that we shall see the end of many things before this is finished.  I think she knows this also and will do what she must to ensure that something of worth survives, should all else fail in this conflict.  If it comes to her facing the dragon alone, it will truly be a desperate and hopeless hour for all of us, though you and I will no longer be around to worry about such things.  She knows better than we, what must be done in such an instance.  Her judgment has never failed her in the past and I do not doubt it now.”  Trap nodded.  Time would reveal what it would.  
Finally, preparations for the journey were complete, all the messages had been sent and all the arrangements had been made, should the worst happen, and the enemy fall upon Astoria in the absence of the Lady and most of her defenders.  If such occurred, safety was not assured anywhere and those that survived could only look forward to many years of darkness and despair until hope might again arise unlooked for in some far corner of the world.  Everyone gathered on the field surrounding Astoria to hear the Lady’s parting words:
“The Brethren have not ridden openly to war in many centuries, but when the need is great we shall always be there to fight back the darkness.  Many times evil has arisen and been fought back.  Sometimes it conquers for a little while only to be chased again into the furthest reaches of the world.  We go today to war, and many of us may never return home.  We hope to return victorious, but should things go ill, the fight shall fall to you and all left behind as the last defense.  If we fail, the world shall fall into utter darkness, but do not despair.  The war has already been won though the Enemy has not yet surrendered.  
A few battles and skirmishes may yet be lost, but hope and victory are assured.  Evil shall not prevail in the end, though the intervening days be dark.  For it is in the very heart of darkness that the light shines brightest.  Should we fail, take heart and fight valiantly for all we hold dear.  Should all utterly fail, hope is still not lost.  As long as the Master endures, and He will forever, there is always hope.  Do not be afraid though darkest night surround you; you are never alone.  Farewell!”  She turned her mount and was the first to ride off into the unknown future; the rest of the Brethren followed in her wake.  Her people watched her go with a sadness and joy they could not explain; whatever the course of the future, they did not doubt the ending though the middle might be dark beyond imagining.


Chapter 14

The dark man rode hard for Panmycea after his humiliation in Tithbia and arrived with the evening.  He stowed his monster secretly in the woods (since the Legion and the Brotherhood were not yet officially cooperating) and approached the city on foot.  The guards recognized him and let him pass; he was ushered immediately into the presence of General Vrill.  Since Nevis’s desertion, the General’s attitude had been wavering between fury and madness.  He eyed the messenger almost in desperation and said, “what news of Tithbia?”  
The man swallowed in terror and said, “they have sided with the Brethren my Lord.”  
“This is unexpected,” he said in a voice like veiled death, “I had rather they stayed neutral than side with our enemies.  Why?”  The man tried to explain, but at the mention of Tristan’s interference, the General went wild with rage.  He screamed, “that man has ruined more plans and schemes than even he knows!  He will be dealt with, but first we will destroy the Tithbians for their temerity.  The time is ripe for war and I need to kill something.”  
The man looked at his leader as if he had lost his mind.  “We do not yet have the numbers for such an endeavor,” said he.  
The General looked at him with a smile chill enough to freeze flesh off bone, “we have had many recruits from among the banditti that have taken such delicious advantage of these troubled times.  Besides, numbers mean nothing in this conflict.  We hold the ultimate weapon.  You will go north immediately and alert our men gathering there that the time is at hand.”  The man bowed and fled before the General did something violent, immediately heading north.  The General watched him go, and once he was again alone, went into the small room concealed deep within his chambers.  In the utter darkness, he looked into a flat tray of inky water.  
Two eyes glowed like embers in the watery image.  
“Yes?” said the great reptilian head.  
“Master,” said the General, “it is time.  The Brethren march to war on the plains of Tithbia and my minions shall meet them there in battle.  Your victory is at hand.”  
The dragon smiled, if such a monstrosity could be said to smile, “excellent, I shall be ready.”  The image faded and darkness again enveloped the room.  The General alerted his underlings and the wheels of war were swiftly set in motion.
The sinister scout rode more slowly into the Northlands.  He had ridden his beast hard to reach Panmycea quickly, necessity demanded speed, but killing the beast through exhaustion would not hasten his quest.  He rode at night or under heavy clouds if he could, for the beast (and he himself) did not like bright sunlight, though they could endure it if they must.  He knew vaguely, that somewhere in the wild north country many hundreds of newly recruited men of the Brotherhood waited for the message he carried.  
Never had the Brotherhood publicly recruited men or ridden openly to war.  Theirs had ever been a society that functioned in secret and let the seekers come to them.  It was a bold and desperate move on the part of the Brotherhood, and many wondered if it were wise, but the General spoke confidently of his secret weapon and they must trust him, for now.  The man wondered idly how long it would be until the General finally went mad and was replaced by a more reliable leader, perhaps even himself.  The more sinister and violent men among the Legion had been openly recruited (and in some instances very nearly forced) to swear away their souls in service to their evil masters.  The new recruits and their vile mounts should be more than enough to counter the Brethren in the coming conflict.  He thought he passed unseen through the Wilds of the North, but there were eyes in that country that missed nothing that moved within their borders.

The scout ran swiftly to the village where his leaders sat deep in council.  His urgent message was delivered immediately to the elders.  Many evil men had been coming through their lands in search of the vile monsters that lurked beyond the forest’s end far to the north; it was known that many hundreds of the men and their enslaved beasts waited on the northern borders of the forest.  Their waiting might now be at an end.  Previously, all such men had come on foot in hopes of capturing the strange reptiles they seemed to prefer.  This one rode confidently, though secretly, upon such a beast and seemed to be on an errand of vital importance.  The message had come at last.  The Hidden People of the Forest knew that the tall men of the southern countries stirred like a disturbed anthill as they prepared for war.  Many already marched upon that grim road.  
They were not warriors, save in the defense of their own kind.  They were skilled in the ways of illusion but that was little help in such a conflict.  They had promised the Lady they would do what they could in the coming conflict, but what could so small and forgotten a people do when such great events were happening elsewhere?  The council debated for some time as to what they should do.  The message was coming tonight and the men would leave the next evening and then be out of reach.  How could they face such warriors and their monsters?  It could not be expected of them; it would not be counted against them.  They could hide in peace and obscurity.  But if such a foul brood fell upon the armies as they fought, what would happen to the outcome of the battle?  If the battle was finally decided and evil won, what would happen to all who wanted to live only in obscurity and peace?  It could not and would not last.  Eventually, they would be discovered and their entire way of life, if not their entire race, would be destroyed utterly.  They must do something, even if it cost them much, else they risked everything by doing nothing.
Scouts had kept a close eye on the encampment since its discovery some months ago.  Once a beast was captured, it was placed on a sort of picket line and stood there in an enchanted sleep until its master had need of it.  The men remained in the camp, save for the occasional hunting party and those who kept watch or rode on patrol.  The watch was enough to deter most foes, but the little people could slip by such guards easily.  They could move quietly and almost invisibly when they had need.  This mission would test all of their skills in the illusionary arts.  They were not warriors and attacking the camp openly would be futile as well as suicidal.  Instead, one of the elders remembered something from a conversation he had once had with one of the Brethren.  Each of the monsters wore a breast collar that held a milky red jewel at its center.  That jewel was what kept the creatures in an enforced captivity.  If the crystal was shattered, the men could no longer control their beasts.  The plan was for a number of the more stealthy scouts to sneak into the camp and see what would happen if they destroyed the crystals upon the creatures’ breasts.  Perhaps they could at least ‘unhorse’ the evil men, at least that would buy some time for their allies in the south.  
Strangely, the evil men seemed most active at night so the scheme was planned for the middle of the following day.  The messenger arrived in the camp and created quite a stir with his news and immediately preparations were begun for departure.  After the flurry of activity settled down and the men retired to an uneasy rest for the balance of the day, the intrepid little men prepared to invade the camp.  They waited until most of the men were asleep before moving.  They knew where each of the man on watch was and when the patrols were scheduled to pass by.  They timed their activities to correspond with the few moments of least attentiveness.  
There were six lines of the beasts staked out in an open glade in the center of the camp.  A dozen of the little men snuck into the center of the camp unseen and waited.  When no alarm was raised, each man took his place at one end or the other of the long lines of picketed monsters.  When the creatures did not stir and the silence of the camp continued, the leader of the group took a small hammer and quietly struck the crystal of the beast nearest to him.  The tinkle of shattering glass met his ears, the creature started a little and the hazy look departed from its cold eyes, but it did not waken from its trance.  After this one small trial, the leader nodded and the little men went quickly to work, stopping occasionally to listen for some sound that they had been discovered.  No cry of alarm was ever raised and the little people snuck out of the camp as quietly as they had entered.  To cover their deed, they had given each shattered crystal the appearance of yet being whole.  No one was the wiser that they had ever been there.
As evening approached, the men were roused from their slumber and preparations began for immediate departure.  The men slung their saddlebags over their shoulders and carried them to the picket lines where they were secured behind the saddles of the yet sleeping beasts.  As the first men began to untie and waken their beasts, chaos was unleashed.  No longer under the control of their human masters, the monsters reverted to their wild state.  Many were still tied and all were confused and angry at the alien situation in which they found themselves.  The mindless creatures struggled against their ropes and soon broke free.  Some fled into the darkness, others fought amongst themselves, and many turned upon the confused men who tried to calm or recapture the furious beasts.  
By the time the moon rose, the clearing was again silent save for the groans of the injured and dying.  All the beasts were dead or fled.  Many of the men lay slain or grievously injured.  The rest had fled in absolute terror at the madness and horror that had engulfed their fellows; they were never to be seen among the Brotherhood again.  A few of the men who had been on patrol at the time still retained control over their beasts, but they were felled by arrows from unseen archers high up in the trees.  Only one man maintained control over his beast and was able to flee unharmed.  He rode at once for Tithbia with dire news of the fall of his fellows.  The little people sat among the trees and watched him ride off wondering what reception his message would receive.  They thought the Lady would be well pleased at the success of their mission.  They went home satisfied, having done their part in the coming war.

Somewhere in the vast wastes of the North, a great dragon stirred uneasily in his sleep, as if he sensed some failing on the part of his minions far away.  He awoke from his dark dream and felt the urge to call a meeting of his fellow dragons.  Even if all of his minions failed, he would still have the victory.  There was no force on earth that could destroy him unless the Master himself appeared to give battle, and then he thought, perhaps it might be an even match.  The great monster laughed in quiet amusement.  Once he had been the greatest of the dragons, but still a mortal creature.  Now, he was something else entirely.  He was now some strange mix of a dragon and an ancient evil without name but known to all.  He was the most powerful creature that walked the earth and hoped soon to become even more.  Once the Brethren were destroyed and his rule established over the earth, there would be nothing he could not do.  
He called his fellows to him and hoped to at last convince them to follow his lead as he waged war upon the lands held by men.  A dozen black dragons soon assembled outside the vast cavern that served as his lair.  As he emerged, the others cringed back in fear, an excellent beginning.  “I soon go to war,” said the great dragon, “who shall go with me?”  The others were silent.  “Are you all such cowards?” snarled the great beast.  
“What is the point?” asked one large dragon.  
“The point?” roared the monster, “We shall once again be masters of the earth.  Men shall do as we say, if they survive at all.  We shall be worshipped as no creature has ever been revered or feared since the beginning of time.”  
“We desire no such thing,” piped a small youngling, “each of us is content with our own lairs and hoards.  What more does a dragon need?  Who ever heard of such a thing?”  
“There has never been such a thing,” snapped the elder dragon, “because we have never dared to dream it!”  
“Why dream it now?” asked a dragon of middling size, “Why not be content with what has always contented us?”  
“Because there is always more to be desired and sought!” roared the dragon, “Why settle for mere contentedness?”  
“There is no joy found in ever seeking greater wealth or power,” said one, “I shall enjoy what I have and not lose all satisfaction because of greed.”  
“Fool,” snapped the old dragon, “be content with your pitiful lot.  It shall leave more for me.”  
“There are also rumors that you have done something which has diminished our entire species,” said the second oldest dragon present, “is it true you have made some unholy alliance with the Evil One?”  
The eldest smiled viciously and laughed, “there is no shame in allying yourself with greater powers to advance your cause.  I have done only what is necessary to preserve and advance our race.”  The other dragons made faces of horror and disgust and backed away in revulsion; such things had never been done by even the vilest of dragons.  
“You are become something altogether unnatural and evil,” said the littlest dragon, “I will have no dealings with you.”  
“Brave words for one so small and vulnerable,” laughed the eldest, “perhaps I shall have you for a snack ere I go.”  
The little one drew back and several of the larger creatures moved forward to shield him and said, “you will do no such thing.”  
The monster drew back his lips and bared his teeth, “I was only joking.  You are all very ill-humored today.  I shall go alone then, but when I have dealt with mankind I will not forget your treachery.”  He lumbered back into his cave and did not come out again for some time.  The other dragons grumbled amongst themselves, but it was not in their nature to interfere in the affairs of others of their kind, no matter how vile.


Chapter 15

Every country that had promised soldiers sent what they could, and sometimes more than was thought wise, but if the battle failed on Tithbia plain then strongholds elsewhere stood little chance of withstanding the coming doom.  One of the Brethren stayed behind in most of the countries to offer advice and lead the defenses should things go badly; the rest marched to war with the soldiers.  Bristol stayed behind in Arca while Arora rode off with the men of the Eastern Realms towards the plains.  Any man who could be horsed was supplied with a mount, even if it was little more than a walking skeleton.  Men set out on mules, donkeys, or more often afoot, armed with nothing but axes, pitchforks, or kitchen knives.  The hour was desperate and every man who could, marched off to war though those without horses might not reach the field of battle before all was decided.  The cavalry moved faster than the men afoot, soon leaving the infantry behind.  They continued their long march to battle though they might arrive too late.  Getting as many men to the plains as quickly as possible was the Lady’s goal.  Having half as many men arriving in time to fight was far better than twice their number arriving too late.  
The Tithbians had not been idle in the time since Tristan rode north.  The warriors had gathered in the center of the plains not far from Grubar, where Tristan had met the chieftain.  Their women, children, and herds had been sent to whatever safe havens could be found in such times.  Men had been coming in on horseback and sometimes afoot, if they lived nearby.  Men from every country in the known world were on their way, some would undoubtly arrive too late but every sword was needed.  Enemy scouts were sighted on the borders of the plains as their numbers swelled within the forested lands between Panmycea and Tithbia.  Reinforcements for both sides increased precipitously in the ensuing days and then gradually began to taper off.  
Stragglers continued to wander in, but it appeared that neither side would wait much longer before battle was met.  Not knowing how many men were riding under the banner of the Legion or how many of the vile monsters would be among them, the Lady had to do the best she could, scattering the Brethren amongst the cavalry of the assembled nations.  The infantry would be held back to fight wherever it was deemed necessary and to offer cover with arrows if feasible.  In the end, all battle plans came to naught, but they planned as best they could even so.  The Brethren were to destroy any of the monsters that came riding into battle, before helping where they could.  This day would be won or lost with horses.  It was ideal country for a battle on horseback; the infantry would be swept away under the pounding hooves if they were not careful.  As evening approached, scouts brought word that the enemy had moved into the central part of the plain and would be in position by morning.  War came with the dawn.

Mist clung to the hills as morning dawned, swathing all the world in a golden shroud.  A single horse and rider stood upon the brow of the hill, silhouetted in the golden dawn.  Several more riders came alongside as horns rang loud in the morning.  As the sun crested the distant hills the mist rolled away, revealing two great lines of horsemen facing each other across a broad swath of rolling ground.  More horns rang and drums rolled in the distance.  The battle had begun.  With a shout like ten thousand voices, the two great armies spurred their mounts forward; the lines met and death danced upon the fields of Tithbia.  A bedraggled rider of the Brotherhood had ridden in the day before with news of the catastrophic loss of his fellows at the hands of unknown foes.  The General could not believe such news on the eve of battle and slew the man in a fit of rage.  His fury spurred him on to lead his men into battle as soon as possible, even though their plans might fail for loss of the men he had counted upon so heavily.  His mind now held little more than vengeance and rage.  He would have his revenge or die trying.  
The monsters could not be loosed with the Legion’s cavalry else the Legion’s own horses would go mad with terror.  The beasts and their riders snuck around the enemy line, hoping to take them from behind.  Anticipating such a move, the Lady had dispatched her best men to watch their flanks.  Her foresight may have saved the day.  About fifty of the monsters ran hissing and snarling upon the vulnerable backs of their enemies.  An almost equal number of the Brethren came over the top of a hill and swept in among the monsters before they could fall upon their prey.  Here and there a unicorn fell, but more of the monsters turned feral and ran as their crystals were broken and the enchantment was lost.  Within minutes, no monsters remained standing upon the field.  The surviving amongst the Brethren then joined the melee between the main forces of both sides.  
The General and his masses fought desperately, but most were opportunists or profiteers not dedicated soldiers.  The forces of Astoria and the combined nations fought for their lives, their families, and their freedom: there is no stronger driving force on earth.  If numbers and strategy had been equal, the battle would still have gone to the allied forces of the combined nations.  They fought furiously against the oncoming night and prevailed that day upon the field of battle.  The infantry stood upon a distant hill and watched breathlessly as their comrades fought and fell.  
Eventually the General was slain, along with many of his captains, and the less valiant and more practical of the soldiers lay down their arms and surrendered, but the more bold or desperate fought to the bitter end.  The battle was over, and many thought it had been much less desperate than the Lady had predicted.  General Karly rode forward and accepted the proffered sword of the new leader of the opposition as all of the Legion’s surviving men surrendered.  Losses had been great on both sides, but the Legion had been devastated by the battle.  As the gathered victors began to cheer and dance over their success, a great shadow fell upon the face of the hills; horses screamed in terror, many of those still mounted were carried off by their frantic beasts, while others were thrown to the ground.  Many of the animals just froze in terror with eyes rolling and legs trembling.  
A thunder echoed in the hollows of the land, as if of monstrous and vile laughter.  The great monster alighted and all saw death incarnate.  “A great victory!” scoffed the beast, “Fools!  Do you not know you fight in vain?  You have won the moment, but now I will steal even that small comfort from you.  You may surrender and bow in worship to me or be utterly destroyed.”  
“We will not treat with evil!” said the Lady in a loud, clear voice that rang among the hills and was heard easily by all.  
The monster laughed once more, “I thought as much.  The Lady of Astoria!  Your plans are futile and your life forfeit.  Why do you cause the nations to rage against me to their own destruction?  If you and yours will bow to me, I shall spare your lives.”  
“What is the point of losing our souls to save our lives?” said she, “I would rather die a thousand times than live one life enslaved to such as you.  Be gone, before things go ill for you.  Retreat into whatever hole you slithered out of and rot there for all eternity.”  
He laughed yet again, “brave words but empty.  You know as well as I that there is no power yet living that can defeat me, unless your precious Master comes forth to do battle, and we all know that he will not.  I claim dominion over the whole earth and everything therein.  Bow before me or die.”
“We will not surrender to such as you,” said the Lady, “be gone or do what you must.  There shall be no more talk of surrender.”  
The dragon said eagerly, “I agree.  I weary of vain conversation.  Let it not be said that I did not give you ample time to surrender nor that I took unfair advantage.  I will give your champion a chance to meet me in single combat.  If you win I will trouble the world no longer.  If I win…well, you will not have long to worry about such eventualities.  What say you?”  
The Lady said, “it will be as it must, though I think you wish merely to sport with me rather than offer an honorable solution.”  
The dragon laughed darkly, “you see much but still lack the wisdom to surrender.  Name your champion and let the contest begin.”  
The Lady’s eyes strayed towards the gathered infantry, among which stood Tristan and Trap.  Much to their dismay, she had kept them back from the fighting in case just such a circumstance as this should arise.  
Trap rode forward, and as he passed the Lady, he bowed formally and said, “my service to you has been short but every moment an honor.  Farewell.”  
A single tear trickled down her cheek as she said, “I am very grateful for your dedicated service.  Perhaps it will not be long ere we meet again on the other side of eternity.  May the Master ride with you.”  
The Dragon laughed, as if greatly amused at the theatrics, “such heroic words, but we shall see what they avail.  How pleasant that I shall at last have the chance to destroy the traitor.  I have long dreamed of this day and now it is come.  How ironic that your new mistress chooses you first to die among her followers.  She sends the traitor to die in her stead!  It is almost poetic.”  
Trap said, “I knew the dangers when I turned from the darkness.  I fear neither death nor evil.  I will do what I must and the world shall know I no longer serve you.  Prepare to meet my blade, beast.”  
The reptile laughed again, “valiant to the end.  These people have thoroughly corrupted you.  I shall enjoy this, but just to show that I can be ‘honorable,’ I will allow you to strike first.  After that it will soon be over.  Enjoy these last, pitiful moments of your wretched life!”  He laughed again and looked in anticipation towards Trap.   The mare resumed her natural form and together they prepared to meet the monster in battle, knowing that whatever betide, death would have its due.  
Trap had no lance, as most dragon hunters use; he had only his sword.  A brute this old would simply shatter a lance or any other mortal weapon used upon his intact hide.  Their only chance was to find some tear or crack in his scaly armor and drive home the tainted blade.  They cautiously approached the monster and scanned his hide in vain: there was no chink in his armor.  The blade would shatter long before it pierced.  Even the unicorn’s horn and hooves would bounce off of such an armored surface.  
The monster laughed, “come now, you merely prolong the inevitable.”  
Trap took a deep breath, drew his sword and let the mare have her head.  His plan was simple and insane.  If he succeeded in denting the armor, perhaps Tristan could land the fatal stroke.  The dragon watched in amusement as the mare and her rider made their final charge.  He allowed the pair to approach his scaled chest unhindered and laughed as the little beast reared and pawed at his side with her silver hooves.  After much effort, a single scale the size of a dinner plate fell away.  
The monster roared with laughter and said, “such effort and that is your final accomplishment?  Take your failure to the grave.  I have humored you long enough.  Farewell!”  
A monstrous forearm swept down and sent the mare tumbling end over end; a horrible crunch and her quickly fading body told the tale.  Seeing the monster’s intentions, Trap freed himself from his stirrups and jumped from the saddle at the last moment.  The monster laughed, “very good.  This will be more fun than I thought.  You have bought yourself another moment to live, but it shall not last.”  
The creature grabbed at him with his monstrous foreleg; Trap dodged the grasping claws and raced forward, sword bared.  He drove the blade as deep as he could into the vulnerable spot beneath the missing scale.  As he drove home the blade, the giant clawed hand finally caught him.  The last thing he heard was the monster laughing at his futile attempt to slay him, “foolish, foolish man.  A mere pinprick in a non-vital area is no threat to me.  It is less than a sliver, nay a mosquito bite.  You have sold your life in vain.”  The beast continued to laugh, and with a malicious smile tightened his fist, crushing the helpless Trap.  What little remained of the man was carelessly flung aside and the beast tore up huge clawfuls of sod to cleanse its soiled claws.  He then turned towards the Lady once more.
“You have had your chance and your champion has failed utterly,” said the monster, “now it is your turn.  Once I have had the pleasure of destroying you and yours, I shall then move on to conquer the world.”  
Tristan drew his sword, preparing for his chance at the monster.  Arora looked at him desperately; he gave her a loving but determined look.  She gave him a reassuring smile.  At this rate, neither had long to live.  Tristan urged Taragon forward, preparing to charge.  
The sudden movement caught the dragon’s eye and he laughed, “the other troublemaker comes forth.  I have long wished to destroy you as I did your friend.  Fear not, you shall soon join him and then I shall slay your beloved Lady.”  
Smoke curled from the monster’s nostrils and he opened his mouth, preparing to incinerate the would-be dragon slayer.  Tristan saw the cavernous jaws open and prepared to die, but they did not stay their charge.  A fetid smoke belched forth from the monster’s jaws but nothing else.  
He closed his mouth in confusion but raised a hideous foreleg to destroy the intrepid pests, but it moved slowly, as if through thick mud.  He looked in confusion at the Lady and the charging Tristan, “what have you done?  Nothing can destroy me…”  His words trailed off, his eyes rolled up into his head, and with a monstrous crash he fell to the earth.  
The hulking ruin caught fire from within as black flames engulfed the draconian carcass and the soil beneath it.  Nothing ever grew in that spot ever after and it was called Dragonsburn by the locals.  Tristan pulled up the charging Taragon just short of the stricken beast, narrowly escaping being crushed as the monster fell.  
At first, all was stunned silence and then cheering broke out among the gathered ranks.  The impossible had been accomplished.  The dragonsbane had done its work.  The cheering faded to confused silence once more as a sense of awe fell upon everyone.  A silver, radiant mist crept across the ground towards the Lady, thickening before her into a shape vaguely equine before resolving itself into the form of the Master.  All gathered felt themselves driven to their knees in reverent fear.  The Brethren dismounted and bowed when they realized what was happening, as did their mounts.  The few of the Brotherhood that had survived everything else suddenly ended their own lives rather than face this final humiliation.
“Lady,” said He, “it is time.”  
She rose from her knees before the Master and said, “I know.”  
She approached the Great Unicorn and put a tentative hand reverently on His shoulder.  As she did so, an arrow flew first through the Lady and then through the Master Himself.  It passed harmlessly through both, as if they were made of mist.  As it passed out the other side it dissolved like smoke and blew away on a vagrant breeze.  The pair did not seem to notice and walked forward together, the Lady a step behind the Master’s shoulder.  They stopped before Tristan and Arora.  
Looking straight at Arora, the Master said, “arise, Lady of Astoria.”  Arora stood up, eyes wide with surprise, wondering if she had fallen into some strange dream.  The Master continued, “do you swear to forsake all else to shepherd My people according to My will?”  
Arora, eyes to the ground said, “as You command, so do I swear.  I can do naught else.”  
“Then do not fear to look upon Me child,” said He.  
She looked Him full in the face.  As she did so, Tristan leapt between them, taking the arrow full in the chest that had been meant for Arora.  He fell to ground, having died as he had lived, ever in service to the Lady.  Arora gasped in horror but could not take her eyes from the Master’s face.  
He said, “he might be the first, but not the last to die in your stead or at your command.  Many will die because of your orders and decisions, and grief shall destroy you if you do not commit their lives to Me.  All of you are in My keeping.  Those that live are only on loan to you for a time.  You must not mourn their loss nor blame yourself.  Would you give your life for My purposes?”  
Arora said, “without a second thought.”  
The Master said, “and so will each of your people.  You must remember that or grief and guilt will destroy you.  They know the risks and have agreed to pay the price should it come due.  Remember, they are ever in My keeping, as are you.”  
She dropped her eyes and bowed, “yes Lord.”  
As they spoke, two of the Brethren approached and dropped to their knees before the Master with a struggling man between them.  It was Nevis.  The Master turned from Arora and faced the three men.  
Nevis snarled, trying desperately but futilely to avoid eye contact with the Master.  “What cause have you to shed more innocent blood this day?” asked He.  
Nevis smiled villainously and said, “my masters have promised me many things and much power should I manage to slay the Lady.  If I can cut off the head of the snake, the body will wither.  The Brethren shall be destroyed.”  
The Master said, “the Brethren cannot be destroyed unless I will it.  And I do not.  As long as the world endures, so shall they.  If you kill My servants I will raise up others.  You cannot destroy them thus.  Your masters promise you the world, but give only death.  Is temporary power, that passes like wind in the night, worth your very soul?  Long have I whispered to you, calling you from your dark hiding place that I might know you.  But long have you run from Me and ignored My call.  Will you repent even now?”  
Nevis snarled, “I will never bow to the likes of you.  I know where the true power dwells.  You have triumphed this day but never will you fully overcome the darkness!”  
“So be it,” said the Master sadly, but with all the finality of an axe hitting the block, “vanish now forever into the utter darkness reserved for your masters and their servants, oh faithless and foolish man.”  
Nevis seemed to grow misty and then disappeared entirely.  His captors looked at each other in amazement and horror, but remained on their knees before the Master.  The Master returned his attention to Arora and the fallen Tristan.  Turin had come forward and removed the arrow from his friend’s chest and covered the body with his cloak.  As the Master approached once more, both Turin and Arora drew back and fell once more to their knees.  
The Master approached the fallen man, drew back the shroud with his teeth, and breathed full on Tristan’s face.  He whispered, “awake child.”  
Tristan put a hand to his head and opened his eyes.  All gathered about gasped in wonder that the dead could live again.  Tristan blinked a few times, tried to sit up, and looked in confusion at the bloodstains on his tunic.  “Master?” he said wearily, “I have had the strangest dream.  I was again in Your country.  I saw Trap, Conrad, and many other friends who have fallen.  Was it but a dream or did I walk again in the lands beyond life?”  
The Master laughed warmly, “it was no dream.  Yet again you have strayed into eternity before your time, but when next you journey thither you shall never again return to live in the troubled lands where mortals walk.  But yet a little while you are needed here.  The coming days hold much danger and the Lady will need a faithful sword.  Guard her well.”  
Tristan crawled onto his knees and bowed saying, “my duty and my honor.”  
“Very well,” said He.  He turned to the former Lady of Astoria and said, “are you ready Agna?  It is time.”  
She smiled warmly and quietly said, “yes.”  She placed her hand again on His shoulder and a light like the rising moon engulfed them both; they were gone.


Chapter 16

It had been a very strange day for all, not least of which for Tristan and the Lady.  The Lady of Astoria was always appointed personally by the Master, but usually it was a private and secret affair.  If the Lady should die prematurely or prove incapable of fulfilling her role, the Master soon appeared and appointed a replacement.  At other times, as the Lady neared old age and death, the Master appeared and appointed a replacement even as the former Lady mysteriously disappeared.  This was the first time it had happened for all the world to see.  The Lady was not exactly sure how to approach her new role, but the current situation demanded leadership and it appeared that she was going to be it.  
Turin helped Tristan shakily stand.  She gave him an overjoyed smile that he yet walked the earth, but both knew this was neither the place nor the time for personal affection.  He returned her smile, bowing respectfully, but would have fallen had not Turin caught him.  The pair hobbled off awkwardly to find Tristan a place to rest.  Arora turned and surveyed the field of battle.  People were starting to stir in confusion at so many strange events in so short a time.  She gathered together the leaders of the various groups of men and some of the more senior Brethren.  
She said, “as strange as this day has been, I fear it will grow stranger still.  We must figure out what to do with the prisoners, see to the wounded, bury the dead, and begin piecing our world back together.”  The prisoners and the infantry were put to work burying the dead and carrying the wounded to places where they could receive attention or die in peace.  Many of the Brethren were sent to fetch back those carried off by fleeing horses and hunt down any lurkers that had escaped.
They spent several days on the battlefield recovering from the battle and planning their next move.  The men who had escaped injury and knew how to fight were assembled into a force to march upon Panmycea and put a final end to the Legion.  Those who were too injured to be moved would stay with the Tithbians until they were recovered enough to travel.  Those who were uninjured, but knew little of fighting, were sent home to tell their people of happenings in Tithbia and to resume some semblance of a normal life.  The biggest question that remained was what to do with the prisoners?  
All members of the Brotherhood that had been involved in the battle were dead or had fled in the fighting.  The remainder was a mixture of bandits, mercenaries, opportunists, and former Legion members.  It was decided that those willing to serve a year in Karly’s command would be pardoned after their service if they had not committed any heinous crime in the course of their service to the Legion or before; the men who had committed such deeds were duly executed for their crimes.  Most of the rest chose to join Karly’s service while the remainder were left to the Tithbians to decide their fate.  At such a prospect, they decided that perhaps serving under a former member of the Order might not be such a bad thing after all.  The Lady smiled at their sudden change of heart, but was not so amused by what Tristan was proposing.  
Though he was her husband, in public he treated her as respectfully and as formally as any of the Brethren might.  In public, he was just another of her servants and she was his duly appointed leader.  In private, they could still treat one another as ever they had, but never again could they publicly display any particular regard for one another.  As the Lady of Astoria, it was her duty to treat all of her servants the same and Tristan must be no different.  She must send him into danger as often as anyone else; she had promised the Master no less.  The idea she was unhappy about was returning to Astoria.  Her days of freely roaming the countryside had come to an abrupt end and she was not to put herself into any more danger than absolutely necessary.  She felt like a wild horse that had been caught and hitched to a plow, but such was her duty and she would do what she must.  There was not much more for her to do in Tithbia anyway.  
The men who were to capture Panmycea had ridden off two days ago under Karly’s command with a number of the Brethren among them.  She had dispatched riders to the ends of the earth to notify their allies of the outcome of the Battle of the Plain.  She had sent many of the Brethren out to serve as advisors and teachers in the various Kingdoms, in hopes of restoring order in areas that had fallen into chaos during these evil days.  The dead were buried and the wounded were healing; it was time to go home.  Reluctantly she climbed into her saddle, most of the remaining Brethren were already mounted and awaiting her command.  A number of the men involved in the fighting had decided to accompany her to Astoria, for the Master’s appearance had aroused quite an interest among the soldiers in learning more of the Brethren.  With everyone mounted, the strange party set off for Astoria.  The Lady sighed when she glanced back at the peculiar parade given in her honor before turning her mare towards home.

 Tristan watched the Lady and her party set off for Astoria and then turned Taragon towards Panmycea.  It was strange to think that he was married to the Lady of Astoria, though his duties to her and the Master remained unchanged.  He would have liked to accompany his wife to Astoria, but there were enough swords among her party to make that unnecessary and a waste of his time.  His sword would be needed in Panmycea.  The army had a two day start, but a mass of men moves slowly and Taragon would have no difficulty catching up.  Turin rode with him, just to make sure he did not fall out of his saddle.  Dying always made one shaky for a few days, but he felt well enough so he hoped Turin’s assistance would not be needed.  Turin smiled at him as if reading his mind, as together they set out towards the last stronghold of the Legion.  The first day of the journey they rode slowly to give Tristan time to acclimate once more to the rigors of the road, riding side-by-side and talking as they traveled.  
Turin asked, “so what is it like to die?  As you are an expert on the subject I thought I should ask you.  Perhaps you could go to the University and become a professor and teach on the subject.”  
Tristan smiled at the man’s references to his close encounters with death, though he had technically only died once; he graciously chose to ignore the latter suggestion.  He replied thoughtfully, “taking an arrow or a dagger in the chest, or a club about the head is not pleasant, as can be imagined, but the whole dying part really is not that bad, assuming the cause is not too horrendously painful.  You lose conscious awareness of yourself and suddenly find yourself in the Master’s bright country.  The worst part about the whole process is going there and coming back.  Once you are there, all pain, fear, doubt, and hurts are gone and you simply feel…well, alive!  But coming back you feel every minor bump, scrape, or muscle cramp, not to mention the return of all sorts of doubt, fear, and other emotions you thought you had well under control or had forgotten completely.  It is much like sitting in a comfortable room and then going out into a blizzard without any clothes on; I am glad I will not face that again.”  
Turin shook his head, unable to comprehend such a thing, and hoping he never had to.  He said, “I am glad to have you back.  It is not easy to watch a friend die.”  
“I know,” said Tristan, “watching what happened to Trap was terrible.  But he is far better off than you or I right now.”  
Turin suddenly changed the subject, perhaps to an even more difficult topic, “so what is it like being married to the Lady?”  
Tristan almost wished to speak more of death, but said, “I am not sure yet.  We have not had much time alone to figure it out.  Publicly, our relationship has changed drastically.  I could once show her affection and speak with her familiarly.  Those days are over.  Now our relationship is simply that of one of the Brethren to the Lady.  It would be unthinkable to show any preferential treatment or mutual regard beyond what is rightfully her due by her position.”  
Turin nodded in understanding and approval.  Since the Brethren seldom married and the Lady could live for hundreds of years, it was not often in the history of the Brethren that the Lady had a husband.  If it was recorded how their personal lives were affected by the change, Tristan was unaware of it.  But it was not the first time such a thing had happened.  Their duty to the Master and the Brethren must always come before their personal feelings.
They stopped at an inn as evening approached, Turin did not trust Tristan’s assurances that sleeping rough would be just fine.  The Lady had given him explicit instructions on how to deal with her recalcitrant husband and had put Turin in charge of their little expedition.  They sat down at a table and a serving maid approached.  She asked what they wanted for supper and brought out the ubiquitous bread and stew.  When her duties allowed, she returned and asked, “have you word of the strange happenings on the plains?”  
Tristan smiled and said, “we were there.  Many strange and wondrous things happened that day.  Is there something specific you were curious about?”  
The girl glanced around shyly and said, “they say the Evil One himself, in the guise of a great dragon, was slain and that the Master walked about healing the dead or banishing men to eternity on a whim.”  
Turin said, “there was a great dragon slain, but it was not itself the Evil One.  No mere mortal could slay such a creature.  Only the Master has the power to unmake him.  The dragon was old and evil and had sold its soul to the Enemy, but he was not the Evil One.  The Master did appear briefly, but nothing He does is on a whim.  He drew one man back from death, but many slain that day will never walk the mortal earth again.  One man was banished into utter darkness, but he had earned his reward and had more than enough chances to turn from evil.  I am sure rumors are flying, but that is the truth of it.”  The girl looked doubtful but nodded her thanks.  
Having overheard their conversation, a boy seated himself at their table.  “Kard?” asked Tristan doubtfully.  The boy smiled at being recognized.  Tristan continued, “what brings you here?”  
The boy looked a bit sheepish and said, “I heard about the looming war and wanted to help.  I set off from the University on foot.  My professors and friends would not come and did not care.”  His face fell, “I have not yet arrived and it is already over.”  Tristan smiled in commiseration, and then introduced Turin to the boy that had accompanied them on some of their journeys in the east.  
Tristan said, “I did not think you knew how to use a sword.”  
The boy grinned sheepishly and said, “I do not.  I would have been more a hazard to myself than to the enemy, had I arrived in time.  I am not sure why I even set out but I felt I must do something.”  
“How go things at the University?” asked Tristan.  
The boy sighed and said, “about the same.  The teachers are more knowledgeable and some of the material is actually practical but much of it is still useless minutia and trivia.  As usual, most everyone has their own opinion but no one will say which opinion is the right one.  When word reached us that war might be coming everyone broke into philosophical debates over the reality of evil and the necessity of violence, as if such mental exercises could somehow help the war effort.  Did things go well?”  
“Yes,” said Tristan, “though we lost many good men that day.  The powers of darkness were dealt a heavy blow and we ride to Panmycea to see that it is the death knell of the Legion.”  
“May I come with you?” asked the boy.  Tristan looked at Turin.  
Turin said gravely, “I do not know what we will find when we get there.  It may be a siege or a bitter battle or an empty fortress or anything in-between.  What use would you be in such a circumstance?”  
The boy looked a little disappointed but said, “I do not know.  I just cannot fathom going back to the University without having done something useful, if I go back at all.”  
Tristan nodded, “I think you may ride with us as long as you agree to do as you are told immediately and without question, including going home if necessary.”  
The boy brightened, “I agree.”  Turin did not look happy at the prospect, but the boy’s presence would slow their progress and that was in keeping with the Lady’s orders.  
“Where is Professor Arora?” asked the boy, “After the fortress fell we were afraid something terrible had happened to her and the rest of the students, but some of them returned from Astoria, of all places!  Have you seen her lately?”  
Tristan smiled in amusement, “Arora is now the Lady of Astoria and must be called such out of respect for her position.”  
“How?” squawked the startled boy.  
“It is a long and strange tale and none of us expected such a turn of events,” said Tristan, “least of all her, but it was of the Master’s choosing and is not ours to question.”  At Turin’s insistence they retired early.
The boy joined them early in the morning, packed and ready to go; Tristan had somewhere found Kard a dependable horse.  They pushed the limits of equine endurance, but the pace was slow enough to meet Turin’s idea of leisurely travel.  Again as night fell, they found a comfortable inn in which to spend the night.  By now, Tristan was well aware of the Lady’s explicit instructions to Turin regarding himself.  He had to admit that both of them were right in assuming he was not yet up to his usual endeavors.  Why did dying have to be so hard on the body?  
A merry fire crackled on the hearth and the common room buzzed with laughter and pleasant conversation, making for a most welcoming atmosphere.  Tristan had not seen such a lively common room since the troubles began and a shroud of darkness and fear had been thrown over the world.  The locals felt the pall lifting and were eager to return to life as usual.  They were just finishing their meal when a man walked through the door and sat familiarly down at their table.  All three eyed him askance without recognizing him, though they knew him for one of the Brethren.  They sat and stared at each other for some time before the man said, “well?”  
“Well what?” asked Tristan, who thought he recognized the voice.  
“No hello for an old friend?” asked the man in confusion.  
Tristan finally recognized the voice and the vaguely familiar face.  “Geff?” said he in astonishment, “What have you done to your face?”  
Geff could not help but laugh and said, “can a man not grow a beard without being disowned by all and sundry?”  
Tristan laughed, “it looks like a small furry mammal died on your chin.  I would quit ‘trying’ if I were you and go back to your old look.”  
The boy scowled fondly at Tristan, “I will take that into consideration.”  
Turin and Kard could not help but laugh.  Turin chuckled, “I would strongly consider it if I were you.”  The whole table was unable to speak for some time after that.  
Recovering himself enough to speak, Tristan said, “what brings you to this end of the world?”  
Geff said, “I encountered the Lady and her party as I headed back to Astoria carrying a message.  My message delivered, I found myself without an assignment and the Lady thought it best if I find and accompany you for a time.  My apprenticeship was cut short and she felt it wise that I finish it.  I agree, I have much to learn.”  Tristan saw the wisdom in the Lady’s actions, but wondered if someone would soon be tucking him into bed and telling him stories to lull him to sleep.  
“Welcome to my merry crew,” laughed Tristan, “though Turin is currently captain.  Did you ever meet Kard in your days at the University?”  
Kard laughed, “Geff!  I hardly recognized you with that squirrel clinging to your chin.  We thought you lost to all common sense when you again abandoned the University for Astoria, but I wonder if you did not make the wiser choice.  Perhaps when all is said and done I shall journey thither.  Besides for fashion, you seem to be doing well.”  Geff blushed but returned Kard’s pleasantries.  It was a merry evening for all, but once more it was early to bed and early to rise.  
Geff and Kard chatted as they rode, Tristan watched the boy proudly; he seemed born to the saddle yet at one time he could barely stay on a horse.  Kard was not a bad rider, but had not the practice or natural seat of Geff.  During their brief stops during the day, Turin helped the boys improve their sword technique while Tristan was made to rest.  Feeling like an ailing old woman, he grumpily complied.  
Turin smiled and said, “just be glad the Lady did not ask you to ride back with her.  They would have put you on a pretty little pony and led you all the way.”  
Tristan’s mood improved suddenly as he imagined the scene and laughed aloud, “Taragon would never have allowed such a thing.”  
The stallion gave him a look that said in matters concerning the Lady he was completely on his own.  At last learning wisdom, he did not complain again about their careful treatment of him.  He felt the wear of travel more than he should, though he had made much harder journeys during the course of his life.  Turin noticed Tristan’s weariness and slowed their pace accordingly.  At this rate they would not catch the army before it reached Panmycea, but they would arrive not too long afterwards, or so Tristan hoped.  Kard remarked on their coddling of Tristan.  
Turin said, “death is very hard on the body, especially when it is not permanent.  Some think Tristan would have been better off in bed for a month, but I agreed with the Lady in that it may be easier on the body but impossible for the mind.  Thus she let him travel under my care when he should have stayed in bed indefinitely.”  Tristan gasped at the fate that had nearly befallen him but made no more complaints as Turin slowed their journey to a snail’s pace.  
Kard asked, “was Tristan ill?”  
Turin smiled grimly, “no, he was quite truly dead.”  
Kard turned white, “how?”  
Turin continued, “after the battle and the dragon, someone decided it would be a grand idea to take pot shots at the Lady.  Tristan took an arrow meant for her and fell dead as a stone.  The Master brought him back for reasons of His own, though if Tristan continues as he presently is, the Master’s work will have been for naught.”  Tristan feigned a scowl at Turin and promised he would be a good boy.  Kard looked stunned.  Geff, who had had the story from the Lady herself, only smiled.
Their pace did not eat up many miles and they seemed to be losing ground rather than gaining it.  They heard ample rumor of the army’s passing but each day they seemed to be farther behind.  As the pace slowed, Tristan’s health and vitality improved, but he yearned to go faster than was good for him.  Turin obediently kept the pace to what Tristan could handle.  As they journeyed, Kard began to get a grasp on how to use a sword without stabbing himself.  He also asked many questions of his three companions: of their journeys, their experiences in the wide world, and also about the Brethren.  Geff was the most interesting to him as a former student of the University and a man his own age.  
One night, as they sat at table in another common room, Kard said to Geff, “you speak of the Master as if he were a real creature.”  
Geff smiled and said, “He is probably more ‘real’ than you or I, as He is the one who actually created us and everything else.  Do you truly doubt His existence?”  
“It is hard to believe in something that exists only in stories,” said Kard evenly.  The other three exchanged amused looks.  
Tristan said, “there are many things that exist in stories that few men have seen but are real enough.  Do you believe in unicorns and dragons?”  
Kard nodded and said, “but I have seen unicorns and talked to people who have seen dragons.  I have never seen this Master.”  
“There are few who can say they have actually seen Him,” said Geff, “He does not often walk mortal lands in a visible form.  Even among the Brethren it is a rare sight.”  
“His appearance after the Battle of the Plains was a remarkable event to be sure,” said Turin, “it may not be repeated in all the years left until the end of days.”  
Kard turned to Geff, “you have never seen Him yet you believe.  How?  Why?  Has not the University taught you otherwise?”  
Geff laughed, “the University is very good at teaching useless or faulty knowledge as you are well aware.  I would not trust all their assertions.  I have never seen the Master, but I know He is real as much as I know that heat or cold is real.  I cannot see it, yet I feel its presence.”  
“I see,” said Kard glumly.  They finished their meal in silence and again retired early.


Chapter 17

The day of their arrival on the borders of Panmycea finally arrived.  As they were crossing the borderlands, a patrol rode towards them; the soldiers were a mixed lot, wearing uniforms from half a dozen countries, Karly’s uniform, and even a Legion uniform.  
“Halt,” said the leader, “who goes and why?”  
Turin bowed in his saddle, “we are bound for the city to assist with operations there.  We have lately come from the Battle of the Plains and have been forced to lag behind the bulk of the army due to my companion’s health.”  
The leader looked confused, “why send a sick man into battle?”  
Turin smiled, “he is not sick.  He was just dead for a while and that takes time to heal.”  
“Oh!” said the leader, “This is the man the Master brought back?  I apologize for my questions but this is embattled territory.”  
“You are only doing your job,” said Turin, “what can you tell me of conditions in the city?”  
The man looked grim, “we destroyed or captured most of the Legion at Tithbia, but they left a skeleton crew behind to man the defenses.  We have besieged the city, but have no way to breach the wall and I am sure they have enough provisions put away to outlast us.  Most of the common people have fled; the rest are allowed to leave in small groups if they wish.  The General could use your counsel if you have any to give.”  
They all bowed and Turin said, “we shall do what we can.”  
They were allowed to pass and continued on their way.  As they rode, they occasionally encountered refugees fleeing with only the clothes on their backs.  The people gave them weary but fearful looks as they passed but no one wished to talk.  Finally they reached the main encampment of Karly’s men.  
The General himself came out to greet them and was especially delighted to see Tristan alive.  He said, “you really need to be more careful.  If no one cared for you, perhaps you could die without a second thought, but there are other people’s feelings to consider, you know?”  
Tristan smiled and said, “I will do my best, Sir.  It is not an experience I wish to repeat if I can avoid it.”  
“Have you come to scale the wall and take the city for me?” laughed the General, “I have begun to expect miraculous things from you.”  
Tristan smiled ruefully and said, “I have no miracles in my pocket but I will help as I can.  As things stand I can hardly get myself out of bed and dressed in the morning without my trusty nurses to assist me.”  The others smiled but said nothing.  
Tristan remembered from his time in the Citadel how immense and strong it was; there would be no breaching the wall without great loss of life on the part of the attacker.  He wondered if perhaps they would be willing to negotiate.  
Karly answered grimly, “I have already sent messengers with such tidings but they will not treat with ‘traitors,’ as they consider all those who once wore the uniform of the Order.  Nor will they speak with the Brethren or any others who cooperate with us; it seems all are tainted by association.”  
Tristan smiled, “will they talk to a learned scholar from the University?”  
“Geff?” laughed Turin, “He is of the Brethren, that certainly rules him out.”  
“I was thinking of Kard,” said Tristan.  The boy blanched.  Tristan continued, “he is neither of the Brethren nor the Order.  You said you wanted to accomplish something.  You do not yet know how to efficiently handle a sword but I know you can use your tongue.  You may be our only hope to resolve this conflict without massive loss of life or waiting until they starve or die of old age.”  
The General said, “you would send the boy in there alone?”  
Tristan shook his head, “if they will allow it, we will send a guard, but the decision is his.”  
Kard swallowed hard, “I did want to accomplish something useful in this conflict, though walking unarmed into a stronghold of the enemy was not high on my list.  I will do it if there is no other way.  Will they even accept such an offer?”  
Tristan smiled, “if these men are like their friends we met in Tithbia, they wish as much as we to end this conflict, but are just worried about what their evil masters will do should they surrender.”  
"If they will talk to no one else I will give it a try," said Kard, "though it is not what I planned on doing when I set out from the University."  
The General shook his head and said, "we have tried everything else we can think of and they will not talk to us.  You may be our only hope.  They can leave and go wherever they wish, we will not stop them.  Our only demand is that they do not join the Brotherhood or revive the Legion.  Any who want to join my men may also do so."  
"What if there is a member of the Brotherhood in there?" asked Tristan, "That would explain their unwillingness to talk and their tenacity in such a hopeless cause."  
Karly said, "he may be guilty of a thousand murders but my job is to capture this rock heap.  We may have to pardon him as well."  Tristan did not look happy but he nodded in agreement.  
Kard said, "I will take Geff as my 'guard' and wander down to the front gates to see if they will talk with me."  
"That was fast!" said Tristan.  
Kard smiled wryly, "no use wasting valuable time."  
The General laughed, "if you fail, that is all we will be doing for the foreseeable future!"  
Kard slipped into his University robes and walked importantly towards the front gates of the city; Geff followed, trying to look grim but managed only to grin foolishly.  They reached the gates and the watchman challenged, "who goes?"  
Kard took a deep breath and said, "a representative of the University who wishes to resolve this conflict peaceably.  Will you talk with me?  I have never been to Astoria nor have I worn the uniform of the Order, the Legion, or the Brethren.  I am a simple scholar who only wishes for a more peaceful world.  I am authorized to meet whatever demands you may have."  
The man looked at the veritable boy standing below on the ground, but fingered his chin thoughtfully and said, "I shall speak with my commanding officer."  The man disappeared and after some time returned to his post on the wall and said, "we would like to speak with you.  Your guard may accompany you but no one else."  
Kard said, "agreed."  A small door in the side of the gate opened long enough to allow the two young men through and then was immediately closed.  Five fully armed men in Legion uniforms met them at the door.  
One said, "follow me if you will."  They followed silently and were escorted into a small chamber with a large table and several chairs.  Four men sat in the room and looked expectantly at their visitors.  Geff retreated to a corner to observe the room; their escort bowed themselves out and returned to their posts.  
"Welcome traveling scholar," sneered the man in the corner opposite to Geff, "what wondrous news have you come to share?"  Geff was pretty sure he had just found Tristan's member of the Brotherhood.  
"Quiet Colin," said the apparent leader of the group, "it is not your place to speak.  I am in charge of the Citadel for now."  
"I do not trust the boy in the corner," snarled Colin, "I think he is one of those thrice cursed Brethren."  
"What if I am?" snapped Geff.  
The leader looked irritated and said, "take it outside you two.  Now!"  
Colin glared angrily at the man but went outside.  Geff looked a question at Kard who nodded.  Geff followed the evil man outside where they engaged in much staring while Colin amused himself by insulting the Brethren, the Master, Astoria, and the Lady.  Geff remained silent but kept his hand on his sword hilt.
 "Silence at last," sighed the leader, "so you have come to negotiate on behalf of those that besiege us?"  
Kard smiled, "I negotiate for peace.  I am not on their side or yours."  
The man nodded, "what are things truly like out there?  Have our forces on the plains truly been decimated?"  
Kard looked grim, "from what I have heard your forces have either surrendered or been destroyed.  I fear you are all that remains of the Legion and that you hold the Citadel in vain for your returning masters.  They will not be coming back."  
"We do not wish to sell our lives in vain," said the man, "though there are some that would have us stay here at all costs."  He looked significantly towards the door.  
Kard said, "those besieging you only want the Citadel, they do not wish to take your lives or waste theirs.  There need be no bloodshed.  You and your men can leave unhindered and go where you wish.  Their only demand is that you refrain from joining the Brotherhood and not restart the Legion.  If you wish to continue in military service, any of your men who wish it may join General Karly's army, but that is only an option, not a requirement."  
The man looked confused, "they will allow us to go free?  No questions asked?"  
"Yes," smiled Kard, "just leave the keys when you go."  
"My men would love to comply with your terms," said the man, "but Colin would have us hold here until the end of time if he has his way.  I am in command and there are twenty of my men here, yet he still has the greater share of the vote.  What am I to do?"  
Kard said, "can you sneak out and speak with your men?  If so, do it and assemble quietly in the courtyard and face the man en masse.  He must then listen to your decision."  
The man smiled, "yes, I shall see to it immediately.  I shall gather my men and meet you in the courtyard."  They stood and clasped wrists, sealing the bargain.  The commander disappeared, followed by the other men in the room.  Kard stood and made his way out the door Geff had gone through.  As he entered the courtyard, Geff had no time to react before Colin grabbed Kard and put a dagger to his throat.  
“Just as I thought,” grinned Colin, “you and my dear friends are plotting behind my back.  They shall walk free but I am left to your tender mercies because of my…allegiance.  You, my young friend, shall be my guarantee of freedom.”  
Geff said, “everyone, including you, is included in the amnesty.  As much as we hate to let one of the Brotherhood slip away without facing justice, such was the decision.  You have no reason to hold him captive.  I give you my word, there shall be no repercussions at this time for anything you have done in the past.  All we ask is that you leave the fortress and not return.  You may go wherever you wish.”  
“Even if I believed your guarantee,” said Colin, “my masters will not be happy if I just walk off and abandon my post.  A captive may give them something else to vent their rage upon thus sparing my life.”  
“You can believe my words,” said Geff desperately, “I am one of the Brethren and it would violate my Oath to break my word.  You will not be harmed.  And what use is a nameless youth from the University to your masters?  Especially if you consider the fact that they are either dead or scattered, your having abandoned this musty castle shall be the least of their worries.”  
“You speak wisely for one so young,” said Colin, “but you may believe that I will be allowed safe passage while your superiors have a different idea.  You are probably right in thinking the boy will not be of use to me once I am free of this place.  I will just have to kill him once I am beyond your grasp.”  
Geff and Kard both gasped, then Geff said quietly, “take me instead.”  
“What?” said Kard and Colin together.  
Geff said, “take me in his stead.  I may be the least of the Brethren, but I will be of far more value to your masters than a random scholar.  I promise not to try and escape, try to harm you, or cooperate in a rescue attempt until this is resolved one way or another.”  
“You are mad,” smiled Colin, “but I will accept your offer my witless youngling.”  He released his grasp on Kard and put a firm hand on Geff’s shoulder, though he left his dagger sheathed.  
“Why?” asked Kard in confusion.  
Geff shrugged and said, “it was my job to protect you and having failed in that, it is my responsibility to give my life if it will save yours.”  Colin laughed as if he found the whole thing vastly amusing.  
The remainder of the men in the Citadel then appeared in the courtyard.  The leader said, “Colin, we are leaving whether you wish it or not.”  
“Go if you must,” scoffed Colin, “I will go as well, but do not look for help from me.  You are alone in this.  Boy, you may lead us out.”  Kard took a moment to realize the command was directed at him, but he took the hint and led the party through the streets of the city and out of the gates.  When he emerged, he saw Tristan, the General, and several of the General’s men waiting anxiously without.  
Kard said, “they have agreed to your request and are surrendering the Citadel to you.”  
Tristan smiled and said, “well done Kard, but why do you look so grim?”  
The former defenders of the Citadel walked out into the open air and exchanged pleased looks.  After them, came Geff (who somehow managed to look grim and nervous and sheepish all at once) with Colin leading him by the shoulder.  “I am the reason the boy looks unhappy,” said Colin with malicious glee, “we have come to our own…arrangement.  I am sparing the scholar’s life in exchange for his friend’s.”  
Tristan looked at Geff and said, “what is going on here?”  
“I am sorry Tristan,” said Geff, “it is my fault.  This man is one of the Brotherhood and wanted to take Kard as an assurance that we would do nothing rash during his escape.  I tried to convince him otherwise, but he would have it no other way.  I agreed not to resist if he took me instead.  I think he plans to somehow use me to bribe his masters to save his own life.”  
“Let the boy go,” said Tristan sternly to Colin, “you will not be harmed in any way.  What use can you or your masters make of one so young?”  
Colin smiled, “if nothing else, he is one of the Brethren and must die on general principle.  I will not let him go without a better offer.”  
Tristan did not hesitate and said, “take me instead.”  
Colin laughed uproariously, “the Brethren truly are mad!  My masters would love to get their hands on you, but if you are willing to trade your life for so useless a boy, what will your precious Lady give for you?  I accept your offer if you promise to abide by the same restrictions the boy agreed to.”  
Geff broke in, “Tristan you cannot!  You cannot put the Lady to such a test.”  
Colin looked at Geff eagerly, “what are you talking about?”  
Tristan gave Geff a warning look but he did not see it.  Geff, still unable to understand when things were best left unsaid, replied, “the Lady is his wife.”  
Colin’s villainous smile deepened, “better and better.  She may ransom Astoria itself for you my friend.  Will you still agree to take the boy’s place?”  
Tristan looked grim, but said, “I can do no less.  He is my responsibility and it is my duty to protect him.  Though you must know the Lady will not bargain for my life, no matter her relation to me.  She has her responsibilities to the Brethren and the Master; we do not negotiate with evil.  Let us be done with this vile exchange.”  
“So be it,” said Colin, as he shoved Geff roughly away.
Tristan made to disarm himself, but Colin said, “I can trust your word that you will not use your weapons against me.  We may need them on the long road to Astoria.  Get your horse, we leave at once.”  
“Not without us,” said Turin, followed closely by Kard and Geff.  
“Are you all fools or simply mad?” asked Colin in irritation, “Now what?”  
“We are coming with,” said Turin sternly.  
“Why?” asked the exasperated Colin.  
“We wish to see our friend safely to whatever end,” said Turin, “besides, you may need more than two swords in these uneasy times.  What happens if you run into a patrol in Astoria and they do not like or believe your intentions?  We will agree to allow you to lead wherever you will and simply ride in your party.  We will not attempt to interfere in any way and will fight beside you if we must for mutual defense.”  
“Very well,” said Colin, “if you insist, but hurry, as I want to be well away from here before dark.”  
The General broke in, “Tristan, what are you up to?”  
“Exactly what it appears, sir,” said Tristan with a salute, “it has been an honor to serve with you, though I fear we shall not meet again this side of death.  Farewell!”  
As they turned their horses, Karly said sadly, “may the Master ride with you my friend, wherever this path takes you.”  Tristan smiled his thanks and obediently followed Colin north towards Astoria.  

They rode quietly until near dusk, at which point they turned in at the nearest inn.  The three Brethren and Kard sat at a table by themselves while Colin watched from a corner, where he smoked his pipe and laughed to himself.  “I do not understand any of this?” said Kard, “why trade your lives for mine?  Your lives at least mean something.”  
Tristan smiled reassuringly and said, “every life means something, even our vile traveling companion’s.  The only question is what we do with the one we have.  I do not consider it vain to give my life in exchange for yours, Geff’s, or anyone else in need.”  
“You do not seem afraid,” said Kard, “you could die!”  
Tristan smiled grimly, “it would not be the first time, and in a way I knew this was coming.  Since the Master brought me back after the Battle of the Plains, I have felt like one living on borrowed time.  The problem is that my heart yearns to be in two places at once.  I have been to the Master’s bright country, if only briefly, and my heart longs above all else to return thence, yet I must sojourn a little longer in these mortal lands, haunted by sorrow and grief.  I also know, deep down, that my time here is short.  I have some small thing yet to accomplish and then I shall find peace.  The other problem is, that as long as I live things like this will always be trying the Lady; I am a burden she should not have to bear.  Things were hard enough when we were both just members of the Brethren.  Since she became the Lady, our relationship has become even more complicated and it places another strain upon her in addition to those inherent to her position.  Things cannot go on this way indefinitely or she may succumb to the pressure; it is better that she not be placed in such a predicament.”  
“We are very optimistic tonight,” said Turin, trying to lighten the mood.  
“It is as it is,” said Tristan, “I just want you all to know that things will probably not end well.  You need to be ready, the Lady will need you when the time comes.  This is of my own choosing, I knew the price I might have to pay when I made the offer, and I am willing to pay it.  You must not blame yourselves; it is not of your doing.”  He looked significantly at Geff and Kard, who both nodded reluctantly.  “Good,” said Tristan, “now that that messy business is behind us, let us enjoy what time we have left.”  
Kard looked at Tristan as if he were truly as mad as Colin thought.  “I still do not understand,” said Kard, “why do you not fear death or whatever it is that waits at the end of this road?”  
Turin said, “we who serve the Master faithfully have nothing to fear from death.  It is merely the passage from this life to the next.  We all must take that road, for some it comes sooner than for others.”  
“But you are so young,” said Kard, “you have hardly begun to live and now you willingly court death?”  
Tristan and Turin laughed. “I have lived nearly one hundred and forty years,” said Tristan, “I think I have seen my fair share of years.  Though some of our Brothers have reached three hundred years of age.  That is more for the Philosophers and the Teachers, those of us that face danger on a regular basis often fall far short of that.  I am accounted ancient indeed by the standard of the Messengers.  Turin here is a mere youth: he has only lived a little over a century or so.”  
Kard turned to Geff in disbelief and said, “and I suppose you are at least forty?”  
Geff laughed, “I am no older than you!”  They all laughed at the exchange and felt their hearts and moods lighten after the recent discussion.  
Colin stalked over, “what have you to laugh about?  Unless the Lady is willing to offer something truly great for you, I fear things will not go as you expect my friend.”  
Tristan said, “I knew exactly what I was doing when I made this offer and am ready to face whatever end.  I may be riding to my own execution, but there is no point in moping about the whole time.  I shall enjoy life while it lasts.”  
Colin laughed coldly, “you are mad!  You think this whole thing a lark.  We shall see what your attitude is like at the end of our road.”  He returned to his corner and resumed his pipe.  
“Certainly a joy-killer,” said Turin, “but it need not mean he should succeed.  Come Tristan, tell us some tale we have not heard before.”  
Tristan smiled and began some forgotten tale he had learned from his wife.  A small audience gathered to hear the story.  He had not the skill of the musicians or the bards, but he had a pleasant voice and spoke energetically.  Even Colin caught himself listening at times.
In the morning, they left soon after sunrise.  Colin pushed them hard, but the unicorns handled it easily.  Tristan rode and talked with his companions as much as their pace and the terrain allowed.  During idle moments, Tristan mused that he had finally regained his former vigor just in time to lose it permanently.  They often camped because inns were few and far between in the lands between Astoria and Panmycea, but as often as they could they stayed inside at night.  Whether round a fire or sitting in a common room, they made a merry group.  Each was convinced that this journey might well be their last together and it was not to be wasted in grief, dread, or sorrow.  
Their mutual joy irritated Colin and confused Kard.  Who was jolly on the way to their own execution?  The Brethren ignored the strange looks from both and simply enjoyed what time they had; Kard joined in as much as he was able, though doubt and fear ever gnawed at him.  After much riding (and far too short a time) they finally crossed the border into Astoria.  Not far upon their road they were stopped by a patrol consisting of six of the Brethren.  Assuming Tristan to be in charge of the party, their leader rode up to him and said, “I would have thought you would still be in Panmycea.  What word from the South?”  
Tristan said, “things go well there and the General has the Citadel in his control.  The Legion is all but defeated.”  
The man smiled at the news but frowned when he looked at Colin, “and who is your vile friend?”  
Tristan shook his head sadly and said, “it is a long tale and will grieve the Lady sorely, but he must have an audience with her immediately.  My very life depends upon it.  He is of the Brotherhood and must be given safe passage into Astoria and out again.”  
The patrolmen did not look happy, but the leader bowed in his saddle and said, “I shall send riders ahead and they shall prepare the Lady as best they can.”  Tristan bowed his thanks.  Two of the men broke away at a full gallop to inform the Lady, while the other four resumed their circuit.


Chapter 18

The Lady was deep in a meeting with representatives from several of their allied countries when the urgent message reached her.  She was quite pale when she returned to the ambassadors.  “My Lady,” said one, “something has frightened or grieved you greatly.  Let us resume these discussions at a later time.”  The others nodded their agreement and politely withdrew from her presence.  
She sat down for a few moments trying to absorb the news, but she knew deep in her heart that the time had come.  She had been deeply grateful to receive her husband back, if only for a short time, but somehow she knew that that time would be brief.  Now she must face that reality.  She rose from her chair and quickly readied herself for whatever was to come.  She stood in the courtyard with a small group of the Brethren around her when Tristan and the others rode in.  They dismounted and approached her.  Such was the presence about her that immediately the three Brethren dropped to one knee and even Kard felt himself drawn earthward.  Colin actually bowed, though it was highly out of character on his part.  
“What dire news have you brought?” asked the Lady of Colin, “It had best be important as it has drawn me from a vital meeting.”  
Colin assumed a supercilious smile and said, “it is of the utmost importance Lady and concerns the future of one of your greatest and most beloved servants.  I will let him tell the tale.”  
Still on one knee, Tristan looked into Arora’s face, which softened slightly when she gazed upon him, but hardened as she returned her gaze to Colin.  He quickly recounted their adventure in Panmycea.  “And what does this have to do with me?” asked she.  
“I am here to see what you shall give for your servant’s life,” said Colin, smiling coldly.  
“Be gone,” said the Lady, “we do not bargain with the forces of evil.  Tristan has given his life for the boy’s with full knowledge of the cost to himself; I will not bargain for his life like a woman in the market.  Do what you must, but be gone.  If you are still within our borders after sunset your life shall be forfeit.”  
Colin looked on the verge of violence.  He raised a booted foot and touching it to Tristan’s shoulder, pushed him to the ground.  Colin ordered sternly, “beg for your life, fool!”  
Raising himself again to one knee, Tristan looked at the Lady and said, “it has been an honor to serve.”  
She smiled warmly with only a touch of sadness, saying gently, “you have served well.  Be at peace.”  He bowed his head.  
“If you will not beg,” screamed Colin, “you shall die here and now.”  He drew his sword and Tristan braced himself, but just inches from his neck, Turin’s blade blocked the fatal blow.  “You have broken your word,” snarled Colin, “you said you would not interfere.”  
Turin growled, “you will not do this foul deed in front of the Lady nor shed innocent blood on Astorian soil.  Be gone from our borders and then do what you must, but you will not do it here.”  
Colin sheathed his blade and said to Tristan, “you shall live a little longer.  Get your horse, we ride for the nearest of Astoria’s borders.”  
Tristan got to his feet, bowed once more to the Lady, and gave her his warmest smile.  The near catastrophe had unnerved her, but not for long.  She returned a smile warm enough to chase away the cold of winter.  She knew that whatever happened, Tristan was ready.
“Move it,” snarled Colin, “I want to be away before darkness traps me in this cursed place.”  They mounted and rode out of the city.  As they exited the final gate, the sound of galloping hooves came from behind.  Fearing some attack, Colin turned in his saddle only to find Kard, Turin, and Geff following desperately.  “Now what?” growled the man, “has the Lady reconsidered?”  
“No,” said Turin, “we will accompany Tristan until this is finished, one way or another.”  
“Very well,” said Colin irritably, “but do not hinder me further.”  Silently they fell in beside Tristan and Colin; they rode at full gallop for the nearest of Astoria’s borders.  By early afternoon they had crossed into the wilds of the borderlands.  Colin pulled up his horse in a small clearing, “have we crossed the border?”  Tristan nodded.  Colin said, “very well.  We shall stop here.”  All dismounted and waited on Colin.  Colin turned on Tristan, “why would she not negotiate?”  
Tristan said, “the decision was mine.  It is not for the Lady or the Brethren to be held hostage on account of my actions.  No matter my relationship to her, she could not forsake all to save me, else our hope is vain.  It would violate and destroy everything we stand for and hold dear.  You will never understand fully, but there is no negotiation in cases such as this.  You must now do what you intend or let me go.  It is time.  Toy with me no longer.”  
Colin still did not understand these strange people, but his anger had abated somewhat on the ride.  He said, “to let you go is impossible.  You are one of the most hated men among my comrades.  To release you would ensure my own destruction.  It cannot be, even if I wished it.”  
“So be it,” said Tristan quietly, falling to his knees and looking Colin calmly in the eyes.  
Colin drew his sword as something like doubt played across his mind; angrily he suppressed it and readied his sword, saying, “for crimes committed against the Brotherhood of the Serpent, I hereby dispense the penalty prescribed.”  Tristan’s face remained calm and sure as Colin prepared to strike, only as the blade pierced his chest did his expression change to one of pain.  Colin pulled the crimson blade free as Tristan fell backwards, only to be caught in Turin’s strong arms.  Turin gently lowered his friend to the ground, cradling his head as Tristan gasped for breath.  Colin turned and prepared to defend himself from the imminent attack that never came; he appeared to be forgotten, at least for the moment.  
Taragon ran desperately towards his stricken master but Tristan stretched out a hand, as if to hold him back.  The faithful beast would die for him if he allowed it.  Tristan said, “no Taragon, I am slain.  You must let me go.  Do not avenge me; it is my time.  Find another and serve him as well as you have served me.”  The stallion did not appear happy to have his intentions dashed but nuzzled the dying man’s cheek.
Geff gently grasped Tristan’s outstretched hand.  Tristan struggled for breath and said, “Geff, Turin defend the Lady.  Tell her not to weep overly much.  We shall meet again in happier climes.  I go in peace.”  He coughed a few times and gasped desperately for air.  To Kard he said, “my life has been given for yours.  Do not squander it…”  He trailed off, convulsed once, and lay still.  Geff wept openly.  Turin fought back all but a few tears, but looked grim as death.  Kard stood gaping.  Taragon eyed Colin malevolently but obeyed Tristan’s last command.  Still no one gave Colin any heed, save the stallion.  After the initial shock had passed, the three busied themselves with the grim task of burying their fallen friend.  
Colin had watched in astonishment as the stricken man fell but instead of despairing on the very cusp of death, he had tried encouraging the survivors!  He truly did not understand these peculiar people; they were all mad!  His own response to the execution was even more perplexing.  He had hoped to feel a sense of accomplishment or exhilaration, but he felt nothing at all.  One of the greatest enemies of the Brotherhood lay dead by his hand and yet he could not rejoice in his victory.  All he could think about was what the world had lost, and needlessly.  The man had died more nobly than he himself had ever lived!  The man had friends to mourn him and give him a decent burial.  Colin would die alone, unmourned, and easily replaced.  He suddenly began to realize how insignificant and expendable he must be in the eyes of the Brotherhood.  His whole life had been wasted on a meaningless and thankless cause.  
To make matters worse, he did not think he could face death as calmly as Tristan had.  The Brotherhood said that nothing waited beyond the grave, but they were not known for their honesty.  Secretly, Colin wondered if something dark and terrible awaited those who had not been faithful to the Master and if his masters just ignored that minor inconvenience lest it hamper their recruiting efforts.  For the first time in living memory doubt, regret, fear, despair, and shame swarmed like stinging wasps from his long buried conscience.  
He was brought back to the present by the sound of voices raised in song.  Geff and Turin stood over the fresh grave and gave voice to the traditional funeral hymn of the Brethren.  It was a haunting yet hopeful song speaking of endings and new beginnings that stayed long in the minds of those who heard it.  They finished their song and turned from the fresh turned earth, only to face the lingering Colin.
They had forgotten he was even there and had thought him long since fled.  The man fell to his knees, tears in his eyes, and said, “I have slain a valiant man needlessly.  Take my life also and let justice be done.”  
Turin looked at him in astonishment and said, “enough blood has been spilled this day.  If it is justice you seek, you must speak again with the Lady.  I cannot be the judge of such things.”
Colin nodded, as if in a trance, and quietly climbed into his saddle, following the three men and Taragon back to Astoria.  Long did the Lady wait in her room high above the courtyard, waiting for some word or sign.  Finally, as night fell she saw four men and five horses approaching.  For a moment hope stirred in her heart, but then she recognized the extra ‘horse’ as Taragon and his empty saddle told the tale.  There was no time to be lost in weeping; she knew how it would end.  They had both done their duty, but she had the dreadful chore of living without Tristan.  She arrived in the courtyard just before Turin’s party filed solemnly in.  
The four men dismounted and all went to their knees before her.  To her surprise, Colin was among the four and knelt with the others.  Turin spoke, “it is finished Lady.  He died peacefully and bids you not weep over much, for you shall meet again.  It was his time and he knew it.”  The words sounded trite and hollow even as he said them, but they were nonetheless true.  
She nodded solemnly, “thank you for attending him until the very end.  You have my gratitude.  What of the perpetrator of this crime?”  
Colin looked into her sad but steady eyes and wept, “Lady, I have spilled innocent blood without need.  I beg your justice for my crimes.  My life is yours.  Only too late do I realize the terrible things I have wrought, of which this is but the latest.  He found more peace in death than ever I have felt in life.  Though I fear the grave, I fear more living with such guilt and shame.  Do what you will with me.”  
The Lady stared at the man in amazement, “you truly regret your actions this day and previously?”  The man nodded miserably.  She said, “spilling more blood may feed the unquenchable appetite of justice, but it will not rectify the day’s wrongs.  If you are willing, revoke your oaths to your foul masters and swear your life and soul to the service of the Master and the Brethren.  Take up the sword Tristan has laid down.  Find the peace and purpose your desperate heart yearns for and give some meaning to this tragedy.”  
The man looked up at her in amazed confusion, “could you truly make this offer to one such as I?  Is there a greater wretch upon the whole face of the earth?  Would the Master accept me, should I throw myself at His feet?”  
The Lady said, “He welcomes one and all who seek Him willingly.  There was once a time when a man slew the Master Himself, yet even he was free to seek after that which he had slain.  If you are willing, you are able.  What say you?”  
Colin said quietly, “I will seek after the Master and hereby swear my life in service to Him and to you.”  
Everyone in the courtyard stood in stunned silence until Kard quietly added, “Lady if you will have me, I offer you my services as well.  Tristan gave his life for mine and told me not to squander it.  I can think of no better use of the time allotted me than spending it in your service.  Will you have me?”  Geff gaped in amazement; he remembered Trap and his miraculous change of heart, but Trap had not killed anyone he knew before his very eyes.  
The Lady smiled sadly and said, “it seems some good has come of this night.  Mourn not, his life was not in vain nor was his death.  I welcome you both into my service.  You shall both take the Oath and then we shall speak of other things.”  
Together in the courtyard, the scholar and the killer took their Oaths and wondered at the turn their lives had taken, momentous and unlooked for.  After such a tumultuous day, all retired early.  Alone in her chambers, the Lady wept a little, but mostly thought on the dramatic changes so suddenly wrought in her life.  A quiet knock came at her door and she said, “come.”  Turin stood silhouetted in the light from the hall.  “Yes?” said she.  Turin looked very nervous and awkward, which did not become a seasoned warrior at all well.  “I do not bite Turin,” smiled the Lady sadly, “what is it?”  
He cleared his throat and said, “Lady, a few of us could not sleep and have gathered in a quiet place to remember.  We thought that perhaps you might join us?  It is not good to be alone on such a night, especially for you to whom he meant so much.”  
She smiled at his thoughtfulness, “thank you Turin.  I shall certainly join you.”  
She stood and followed him to the great lawn.  Gathered there were some of Tristan’s closest friends among those currently in Astoria.  As was Taragon.  The Brethren bowed and she nodded and said, “no formality tonight please, let us just remember our fallen friend.”  
To her surprise Colin was there too.  He saw her astonishment and said, “Lady, I knew him but a little while and then only as an enemy.  I wish now to learn more of the man he was to those who loved him.  I shall leave if my presence disturbs you.”  
She smiled, “no please stay.  You are not the man you were when you slew him.  Do not let the past haunt you.  Let us find healing together.”  
“Thank you,” said Colin, “I am truly sorry for all the wrongs I have done, yet I am no longer eaten up with guilt or despair.  There is truly peace in seeking the Master.  I think I am finally starting to understand the Brethren, at least enough to say they…er…we are not mad!”  
The Lady laughed warmly and felt her spirits rise.  They sat together round a roaring fire and one after the other told of some story or anecdote of Tristan’s life.  The Lady occasionally broke into song.  It was an evening of healing and fellowship and many a weary heart was cheered.
Morning came, and so too did life go on.  The Lady sighed as she arose from her bed with far too little sleep, but she felt refreshed in spirit if not physically.  She would be able to face all of her tomorrows knowing that the Master was firmly in control of everything, even if she did not completely understand why things happened the way they did.  Only the Master could draw so much good out of such evil.  She smiled at the thought and began preparing to face the rest of her life.  
After breakfast, the Lady summoned the four men who had accompanied Tristan from Panmycea to her preferred audience chamber.  Once they had made their courtesies and seated themselves she said, “I know you are just come from Panmycea Turin, but I would send you back again immediately to see how General Karly is doing and what his plans are henceforth.  I would also have you take Geff with you as your apprentice.”  
Geff brightened at the prospect, but said, “Lady, I wish to join the Messenger sect yet Turin is a Warrior.”  
The Lady smiled and looked to Turin, “I was hoping to ask you privately, but Geff has again betrayed me with his excitable tongue.”  The boy blushed, taming his tongue would be one of his major areas to improve whilst he apprenticed with Turin.  
Turin smiled, “Lady, if you would have me, I would gladly change my affiliation to the Messengers.”  
The Lady smiled, “very good.  I am ever in need of those willing to undertake the more complicated and impossible missions that so often need accomplishing.  You both shall leave for Panmycea at once.”  They stood and bowed themselves out to prepare for their journey.  
The Lady then turned her attention to Kard and Colin.  “Once again,” said she, “welcome to the Brethren.  It will take you some little time to adjust to our ways.  If ever you have a question please feel free to ask any of us.  For now I wish you both to remain here.  You both have much to learn about the Brethren, the Master, the Truth, the Common Law, and many other things.  Kard, you must learn to defend yourself before I allow you abroad again; it will not do to get yourself captured a second time.”  They smiled sadly at her jest.  
She continued, “any questions that need immediate answering?”  They shook their heads and she stood.  They did likewise.  She bowed and said, “then I will give you into the care of others more skilled in such things than I.”  She motioned and a servant opened the door to reveal a patiently waiting man in the uniform of the Teaching sect.  He bowed to the Lady and beckoned his pupils to follow him.  They bowed and she watched them go, wondering what they would accomplish in their budding service to the Master.  After they were gone, the ambassadors from the day before ambled in, ready to resume their meeting, unaware of what had passed in the interim.


Chapter 19

The journey to Panmycea was bittersweet for both men.  They missed Tristan terribly, but found comfort in their shared grief.  The return journey was far swifter as they were no longer confined to the tedious pace of a common horse.  As soon as they set foot across the border, a patrol found them and escorted them to the General with all haste.  He was not surprised at the news from Astoria.  
On a happier note, Panmycea was well and truly under the General’s control and most of the fled populace had returned.  Scouts reported that there was no sign of resistance within the borders of Panmycea and suspected the Legion of the Serpent was well and truly dead.  There might be little pockets of resistance calling themselves the Legion, but Karly knew without organized leadership they would soon dissolve, fall into banditry, or be absorbed by the Brotherhood.  No one doubted that the Brotherhood was still a force to be reckoned with, even if they had been dealt a hard blow at the battle of Tithbia.  The Brotherhood was like a maddening weed, that when you lopped off one hunk of it, it threw out six more shoots and appeared in places you least wanted or expected.  
Turin said, “the Lady asks to know your plans hereafter?”  
The General played with his long mustaches and said, “for now we shall hold Panmycea as the headquarters of my army.  I think we can send home all of the recruits from foreign parts that wish to go.  Any that wish to stay must formally join my ranks.”  
Turin said, “are you refounding the Order?”  
The General smiled slightly, “I am thinking about it, though with some very serious changes and a new name as well.  We have been calling ourselves ‘the Order of Freemen,” but I am not sure I like that any better than ‘the Order of the Unicorn.’  I do know that I wish to maintain an independent military force composed of volunteers that can ride to the aid of anyone in need.  I do not wish it to fall again into the arrogance of the Order or the evil of the Legion.  We shall uphold the Common Law and cling closely to an as yet undefined moral code.  I would like to work closely with the Brethren to make sure we do not drift unnecessarily into noncompliance with our own rules and charter.  The Brethren can maintain their integrity because they are sworn to something greater than themselves; it will be harder for us to do that generation after generation, but that is my hope.”  
“And ours as well,” said Turin, “you speak truly when you say that it is difficult for self-seeking men to serve others year after year without falling prey to the temptations of greed and power.  We need the Master’s help for such things; we cannot do it ourselves.  Is there a way to somehow incorporate some of the Brethren into your leadership structure to help maintain your moral compass?  I know when men of the Order trained in Astoria many of them joined us.  I do not wish to cause such attrition within your ranks, but I also worry that when you and yours have passed on, the next generation will stray from the path you intended.”
The General looked thoughtful for some time then said, “your people are well trained in martial skills as well as in lore and music.  I would welcome such things in this place.  I want my men to be more than mere soldiers: I want them to be well-rounded people.  I will not hinder any who wish to ride to Astoria, but if they take the Oath, they will be under the Lady’s command, not mine.  The duel-membership idea is one I never liked.  You cannot serve two masters unless they are of the same mind and I know of none that are.  Your people are welcome to come and teach as they will and I will encourage my men to listen.  Perhaps we can seek the Brethren’s input ere we ride to war; they should be able to say what is a just cause and what is not.”  
“It sounds like a good start,” said Turin, “if you wish our input while you draft your charter, rules, laws, and so forth all you need do is ask and we would be happy to help.”  
“I thought as much,” said the General dryly, “I shall let you know what I need.”  
Turin bowed himself out.  He and Geff then went in search of the other Brethren currently stationed in Panmycea; he had messages and new assignments for most of them.  They spent most of the day with their comrades, exchanging news and passing out new orders.  Most left immediately, the rest were asked to wait upon the General’s need of assistance in one matter or another; in the interim they were put to work teaching both martial skill as well as history, lore, Common Law, and the Truth.  Several of the soldiers were fascinated by the Brethren and their tales of the Master and were soon on their way to Astoria in search of greater Truth.  In their dealings with the Brethren however, Turin noted the lack of one individual and sent Geff in search of the person in question.  
Geff searched high and low, but found no sign of his quarry.  Finally, in desperation, he set out for the archery range (the only place he had not looked save the wine cellars and the dungeons).  He found a group of boys trying their hand at the targets.  Most did well, but one lad far surpassed them all.  Geff watched in amazement, wondering idly what he found strange about the boy.  Then it struck him that the boy in question was one of the Brethren (he also needed to learn to pay attention to detail while on his apprenticeship) and that said boy was far too pretty to be a boy at all.  And since his missing comrade also happened to be a girl, he smiled at having finally found his quarry.  
The incognito girl finished her turn at the targets and Geff approached her.  “Tia?” asked Geff.  
The pseudo-boy looked at him and said quietly, “yes?” 
Geff smiled and said, “why all the secrecy?”  
She smiled and said, “no one takes a woman with a weapon seriously so in order to work with these lads on their marksmanship I need to hide my identity.”  
Geff shook his head in amusement, “Turin would like to speak with you if you have a moment.”  
She grew serious and said, “did I do something amiss?”  
Geff smiled and said, “no, we are newly arrived from Astoria and he wants to speak to all the Brethren here.  He may have new orders for you.”  
She nodded and addressing the boys about her, said, “that is all for today.  Go and rest your shoulders.”  The boys exchanged smiles at the early finish to their lesson and quickly scampered off before she could change her mind.  “I am ready,” said she, “lead on.”  They chatted on mundanities as they walked.  Turin waited anxiously in the tent the Brethren had taken as their impromptu headquarters.  
When the pair walked in he said, “where have you two been?”  Both reddened and Geff explained his great search for the missing Tia and her complete lack of knowledge about their arrival or pursuit of herself.  Turin rolled his eyes at Geff’s long-winded explanation, “thank you Geff, I quite understand.”  
He looked to the girl, “Tia I have new orders for you from the Lady.”  She nodded excitedly; she grew weary of training beardless boys how to shoot.  It was an important job certainly, but it could easily be handled by anyone, one need not be of the Brethren to do it.  Turin said, “how are your court manners?”  
She almost groaned but remembered whom she was speaking to and said, “they are a bit rusty, but I can remember them well enough at need.” 
 Unlike most of the Brethren, she was of noble birth, though she tried to escape her past as much as she could.  While most of the Brethren came from rural backgrounds, she was the daughter of a lord of middling rank in Arca.  The nobility rarely felt the need of anything greater than themselves, thus their reluctance to submit themselves to the strictures of the Brethren.  Tia had never found much meaning in her noble upbringing and found more joy in shooting and wrestling with the sons of her father’s guards and tenant farmers.  As soon as she was of age, she had left home in search of something greater and ended up in Astoria.  That was ten years ago and she had not been home since, though she wrote occasionally.  She was a complete enigma to her family, which could not understand her desire to serve something greater than herself.  
Turin continued, “the Lady asks that you return to Arca and join the court there.  It seems the King’s fourth daughter is still determined to cause trouble and the Lady hopes that you may talk some sense into her or at least rein in her temerity.  Usually the Brethren would not become involved in such an internal affair, but the girl has caused international headaches before and her father is desperate for answers.”  
“May I go with sir?” asked Geff hopefully.  
Turin laughed, “and what exactly would you do besides get into a similar predicament as Pallin did in Thespia?  You have much to learn my enthusiastic young friend and you will do it under my guidance.  You may go off on hare-brained quests once you are no longer my apprentice.  Until then, you are under my protection and authority.  Understood?”  Geff blushed crimson and nodded; he had hoped for an adventure of his own, but it seemed that day might be long in coming.  He did not doubt he still had much to learn, but he was impatient for the day when he could truly have adventures of his own.
Tia laughed, “do not worry, you shall be impersonating courtiers before you know it.  I would have you take my place if you could, but the task seems most suited to my background and talents thus it falls to me.  And Turin is correct, you have much to learn before the Lady dares loose you upon the unsuspecting world.”  
Geff blushed again and Turin laughed good-naturedly, “the lady speaks wisdom my young friend, heed her well.”  Now it was Tia’s turn to blush.  Turin laughed; they were both young yet.  They would learn.  Turin said, “it is late to start today.  But an early start tomorrow would be appropriate.”  The girl bowed in acquiescence.  Turin said, “the two of you are dismissed for the evening, but you both have your duties.  Remember that.”  They both nodded and quickly bowed themselves out of the tent.  Turin watched them go half amused, half aghast.  Geff was far too young to be chasing after women, especially one so much more mature and experienced than he.  Perhaps in a decade or two he might be ready.  Turin laughed to himself and went about finding something for supper.  
Tia and Geff sought out the dining hall to find their own supper.  The ranks of the Brethren were greatly reduced, but they found a small group of their comrades and spent an enjoyable evening in conversation.  After dinner, one of the more musically talented among them stood up and performed until it was time for bed.  Geff bid Tia goodnight and hoped he would see her before she rode off in the morning.  He returned to the chambers he shared with Turin.  
Turin was reading by candlelight when he came in.  He glanced up from his book and said, “how was dinner?”  Geff blushed again (yet another thing he had to work on).  Turin grinned, “just remember that you must have the Lady’s blessing to marry and you may not do so until your apprenticeship is behind you.  And do not forget that you may well live for three hundred years and that is a very long time to love someone.  I am not saying it is not possible, just that you should not hurry into anything because you have plenty of time to do so.  You must also consider the risks we all face every day we venture forth in the Master’s name: it is a dangerous and serious business to devote your heart to another who also lives so risky a life.  Remember the price paid by the Lady for loving Tristan.”  
Geff blushed again, “is it that obvious?”  
Turin laughed, “at your age it usually is.  Relax, she leaves on the morrow and then your senses may return unhindered.  Or so I hope.”  They both laughed and then sought their beds.  Early the next morning, Geff waited in the courtyard and bid Tia farewell.  She smiled and wished him well and then rode off into the dawning.

Tia rode quickly east.  She remembered little of Kalyn, the King’s fourth daughter, as they had been little more than children when last they met.  She had heard the tales of her escapades in Thespia and did not relish playing nursemaid to the girl.  Kozak, her stallion, felt her uneasy mood and snorted in concern.  She diverted her thoughts to things less troubling and strayed to Geff.  She had to laugh at the feelings that stirred within her for the young man.  He had much to learn, but Turin would see to that.  Men were always awkward at his age, but perhaps someday he would prove worthy of her.  She laughed again and the stallion frisked at her gaiety, they had only just met and here she was plotting their life together.  She returned her thoughts to neutral subjects and failing that, sang any song that came to mind that did not involve love or courtiers.  She camped most nights and tried to avoid social interactions if she could, as these often slowed her travel and a woman traveling alone aroused questions.  
One night, the wind blew cold and the rain came down in torrents as she desperately sought the shelter of the nearest inn.  Soaked to the bone, she ducked into the common room and sat close to the fire.  She sipped at her tea and tried to chase the chill from her being.  Three rowdy looking men sat in the corner and eyed her with interest.  She gave them a disdainful look and they laughed.  She would have to be careful; she was good with a sword but doubted she could handle three at once.  She was nearly dry and had finished her supper when one of the three (obviously well into his cups) wandered over.  
“Whatza fine laydee like yoo doing ‘ere on a night like ‘is?” slurred the man.  
“Coming in out of the storm,” said she, “and enjoying a little time to myself.  I suggest you seek company elsewhere, I am not disposed to talk with such as yourself.”  
The man gave her a sour look but staggered back to his friends, who roared with laughter at his rejection.  Tia gave up trying to rid herself of dampness and retired to her room.  After midnight, a great ruckus arose just outside her window.  She peered out into the downpour and saw three dark figures fleeing into the rain-soaked night with what could only be Kozak in close pursuit.  Apparently her admirers from the common room could not sleep and were looking for other uses for their time this night.  She sighed, and nearly shrieked when she turned and saw another dark figure, this time standing in the doorway of her room.  
"Who are you?" asked Tia as confidently as she could muster.  
"Just a curious old woman," said the figure in a voice to match the description.  
"What do you want?" asked the now irritated girl.  Would no one let her sleep?  "I sense great power within you and I would know the source if I could?" said the old woman, almost in awe, "The power to move mountains and churn the tides!  I have some little skill in such matters and together we could go far."  
"What sort of skills are these you speak of?" asked Tia.  
The woman sounded as if she smiled proudly, "I dabble now and then with some of the lesser demons of the wood.  They grant me powers and skills unknown to other folk."  
"You are in league with the Evil One?" gasped Tia.  
The woman scowled, "of course not!  I am no fool.  I deal only with the more benign members of that order."  
"Whether you deal with the Evil One himself or his most minor minions you are still dabbling with things far beyond mortal ken," said Tia, "nothing good can come of such meddling."  
"And who are you to judge and from whence does your strange power come?" sneered the old woman.  
"I am sworn to the Master," said Tia quietly, "He made the mountains and brought forth the seas.  It is His power you must sense in me, though I have no strange abilities as you seem to think I must."  An ominous feeling filled the room, as if all of existence demanded that she listen closely to what the old hag said and obey immediately.  Tia brushed the sensation away as one would a buzzing fly.  
The woman said, "I thought all that a myth, you must be mistaken.  Come with me and we shall see what we can make of you."  
The girl laughed, "you must do better than that my dear old woman if you are to seduce me away from the real power in the world."  
The woman's mouth dropped open in confusion, "you will not listen to me?"  
Tia laughed, "not unless you find a more convincing argument.  Your little spells have no hold over me."  
"I have never encountered anything like this before," said the old woman in disappointment, "I have ever been able to convince almost anyone of anything.  Perhaps I am the one who is mistaken about you."  The old woman shrieked as Kozak stuck his dripping head in through the window.  He saw the old woman and sensing some evil about her, laid his ears back in anger and distrust.  
"I thought unicorns were myths as well as this Master of yours," said the old woman, "what other old stories shall come to life to befuddle me?"  
Tia laughed, "they are secretive creatures but as real as men or horses."  
"How did you tame such a creature?" asked the woman, "His horn would make any sorcerer drool in anticipation of its magical properties."  
Tia laughed and Kozak looked ready to come through the window and attack the witch.  She patted the wet head in reassurance, "he is not tame.  He is my faithful friend and serves me willingly.  Had he not allowed it, no force on earth could catch or tame him.  I doubt his horn is of magical value.  It is the creatures themselves that have strange abilities, not their horn or any other part of them.  They fade away shortly after death and I doubt his horn would long survive separation from its rightful owner.  I do not know where these myths and superstitions of yours come from but they have no foundations in reality."  
The woman looked at the girl and unicorn in astonishment, "so little I know about such things as this.  Forgive my ignorance both of you."  They both nodded.  The woman said, "I would know more of such things."  
Tia said, "ride for Astoria if you seek such knowledge, they would be happy to give it.  I myself am bidden elsewhere and have not time for teaching though I would rather that than my assigned duty."  
"I shall think about it," said the old woman, "it is a long journey but may yield some interesting information.  Pardon me for disturbing your rest.  Farewell."  As silently as she had come, the old woman left.  
Tia looked at Kozak and said, "you, my soggy friend, had best get back to your stall before someone notices you have taken a midnight stroll."  The great beast shook his head, once again drenching the girl.  He snorted in amusement and went in search of his stall.  Tia lay down and tried to sleep away what little was left of the night.  The rest of their journey was rather uneventful and at last she crossed the border into Arca.
 She stopped first at her father's house.  It would not do to be seen at court and not have given greetings to her family.  She rode up to the great house in the midst of the rich and rolling fields, pastures, and woods.  She rang the bell and a servant opened the door.  He looked hard at her travel-stained garments of indifferent style though skillfully made.  "Yes?" said he in a bored and offended manner.  
Tia smiled, "I have come to give my greetings to Lord Penivel."  
The man looked irritated at her gall in asking to see his Lordship personally, "my Lord is currently indisposed.  I shall tell him you called."  
He began to shut the door when she said, "his Lordship would be highly displeased if he found that you had refused to let his own daughter in to see him."  
A jolt of shock ran through the man's body at her words, "it cannot be!"  
She smiled, "I am she who left ten years ago and have not been home since.  Certain business brings me back to Arca and I felt it my duty to call upon my father during my visit."  The man looked to be in a trance.  She put a hand on his shoulder and shook him gently.  He jumped as if wakened from a dream.  
He said, "er, yes...you must see his Lordship your father immediately.  He is currently enjoying a moment's repose in his sitting room."  Tia smiled, that meant he was not yet dressed and out of his rooms for the day and it was nearly noon.  The nobility did things at their own pace and for their own reasons.  The man continued, "please come in and sit down."  Tia nodded in thanks and let Kozak loose to fend for himself; the servant stared aghast at the beast loose upon the vast lawns but said nothing.  He cleared his throat and said, "perhaps you would like to freshen up?"  
Tia said, "I have much further to go and it would not do to clean up only to crawl back into my saddle.  I am not staying long, only long enough to let my father know I am in the country.  He does not need to dress formally either.  Just let him know I shall await him in the library."  With that she turned on her heel and headed into the depths of the house.  The servant stared after her in amazement but wasted no time in seeking out his master.
 The servant found Lord Penivel happily smoking his pipe in his rooms and only half dressed.  He was taken aback at the shaken appearance of the servant, "what is the matter Oster?  You look as if you have seen a ghost."  
"Perhaps I have sir," said the servant, "a woman claiming to be your long lost daughter is awaiting you in the library.  She simply showed up at the door in her dirty rags and said she would see you as you were, immediately!"  
"Did she now," laughed the Lord, "we shall see what this strange woman is about.  Help me dress."  Fifteen minutes later, Penivel emerged the very image of a rich and powerful Lord.  He marched importantly into the Library and found a rather rumpled young woman sitting primly in a chair sipping a cup of tea.  
At his appearance she rose and gave a bow proper from daughter to father.  She said, "it has been a long time sir."  The man nodded gruffly and crossing his arms, stared at his guest.  The age, voice, and appearance could fit his missing daughter, but when she had run away she had been a gangly and quiet girl; before him sat a confident and fully-grown woman.  There was something in her air and attitude that spoke of long-familiarity, but he did not yet believe it was his missing child.  
He said as gruffly as he could, “I suppose you have fallen into difficult circumstances and have come to beg my help?”  
She smiled as if she found the thought amusing, “I would never do such a thing.  If I get myself into trouble, it is my responsibility to extricate myself from the situation as well.  I have merely come on business to Arca and thought to drop by and let you know that I still walked the earth.  I wrote several times, but never received any reply.  Did you not get my letters?”  
The man said coldly, “I assumed they were requests for help and if I read them I would be obliged to assist you, therefore I did not read them.”  
The girl seemed a bit hurt, but not surprised at her father’s assumptions.  “I see,” said Tia, “since your feelings towards me are ever as they have been and I have done the dutiful thing and let you know of my presence in the country, I shall take up no more of your time.  I wish you all the best in your current and future endeavors.”  
She bowed politely and made to leave, but curiosity finally forced her father to say, “where have you been all these years and why did you leave?”  
Tia smiled and resumed her seat, saying, “I never felt at ease here.  I never felt any purpose or meaning or even anything resembling affection.  I felt a stranger in my own home.  I left because I could not stand to think of myself spending the rest of my life trapped in such a cage.  One day you would have married me off to who knows what kind of man and I would most likely end as I had begun: a prisoner in my own house.  So I left with little idea as to where I was going, what I would do, or even where my next meal would come from.  
A certain traveler took pity on me and allowed me to travel about with her for a time.  Eventually our path led to Astoria and there I stayed for some years studying various things and finally took my Oath and became one of the Brethren.  Since, I have traveled the world on one errand or another for the Lady.  Currently, I ride for the capital where I am to keep one of the King’s daughters out of mischief.  Last time she ran off she very nearly started a war with Thespia.  She is a disaster waiting to happen and I am here to prevent it if I can.”  
The man said, “so you never wrote requesting my aid?”  
She smiled, “never sir.  I wrote merely hoping you would care. But it seems you never have.”
The man cleared his throat loudly and said, “you are my eldest child, yet you are a girl.  Had you been a boy you would have been my favorite and my heir, but alas you were not and girls are worth little in our society.  They are little more than cattle to be sold to the highest bidder.  I felt it best if I refrained from showing you any special attention and thereby get your hopes up so that when you wound up in a loveless marriage your spirit would not be crushed by comparison.  I did what I thought was right, though now I wonder if it was folly on my part.  But it was done for the best and cannot be mended.  I suppose I should be proud of you for whatever it is you think you have accomplished, but I really do not understand what you are up to and really have no time to discuss it.  You are alive and relatively happy it seems and not coming to me for assistance so that should suffice to make me content and it does.  I wish you well with your little scheme.  You know the way out.”  He turned quickly and left the room.  
Tia waited until all sounds of his retreating footsteps had vanished before making for the door.  She had really not expected much else in the way of a response.  Most people would have been crushed, but she was used to this sort of thing.  Her father was a strange man at the best of times.  He showered her younger brothers with affection but left her to the care of her nurse.  Her mother had died when she was a child and she was carefully kept away from her younger brothers.  Her nurse was a wonderful and loving woman who gave the young Tia the only affection she ever received after her mother’s death.  When she had come of age, her father had coldly dismissed her nurse and dearest friend.  
That night, Tia had ridden away and not looked back.  It was strange coming home, but she had her duties to be about and silently left the premises.  Kozak was only too happy to leave, he had been chased about endlessly by a small army of gardeners who feared he might damage their prized lawn.  From an upper window her father watched her go, idly wondering if there was some way he could yet marry her off advantageously.


Chapter 20

Tia’s spirits soon returned to their natural gaiety and she pressed hard for the capital, hoping to arrive by noon the following day.  They rode long into the night and slept rough and were off again at dawn, reaching the city right on schedule.  Her first matter of business was to actually start looking like the role she was supposed to play.  She could not walk into the palace as she had done at her father’s estate.  She found a little inn on the edge of town and rented a room after making sure that bathing facilities were available.  She then went out and found a seamstress and was able to procure two suitable dresses that did not fit too badly.  This accomplished, she retreated to the inn and began the long, tedious process of beautification.  After a bath and much primping, she looked the proper lady.  She had had the groom polish her tack and groom Kozak while she prepared herself.  The results were surprising, the innkeeper and groom hardly recognized the previously travel-worn woman as the minor noble who stood before them.  
As she was preparing to leave, the groom approached her sheepishly and said, “Lady, there is no bit in his mouth.  I have searched high and low but could not find it.  My mistress will take it out of my hide if word reaches her of this.”  
Tia smiled reassuringly, “do not be afraid my good man.  I had no bit, I need no such thing with so willing a mount.  Be at ease.  Your mistress will only hear how wonderful a job you did of cleaning my harness and taking care of my mount.  Farewell!”  
The man bowed and smiled proudly as she rode off.  Tia arrived at the castle at sunset and the guards waved her through, they would not hinder one so obviously of noble birth.  She smiled at the thought of what they would have done had she arrived in her travel-stained riding dress!  She rode into the courtyard of the palace and a servant ran to take her reins while another handed her down from her saddle.  She nodded courteously and asked after Bristol’s presence.  
The servant gave her a strange look but led her to the man she sought; apparently the Lady’s representative to the King received few visits from comely ladies.  She smiled to herself as they walked.  Finally, they arrived at the man’s quarters and the servant knocked.  “Come in,” said a loud voice from within.  
The servant poked his head in and Tia followed.  They both bowed and the servant said, “the Lady Tia has requested an audience with you sir.”  
Bristol looked her over and at first appeared as confused as the servant, but finally recognition dawned.  He said, “ah yes, thank you.  You are dismissed.”  The servant bowed and left the room.  Bristol greeted her formally and enquired after her journey.  She gave him the more interesting happenings and then they got down to business.  
She asked, “what exactly am I to do here?”  
Bristol said, “you are to keep the King’s daughter Kalyn out of trouble by whatever means necessary.  The world is still in a delicate state, and this girl has already nearly caused a war.  The King is desperate; he will see you immediately.”  
She smiled and said, “then let us keep him waiting no longer.”  
Bristol smiled, “a woman of action.”  They went in search of the King and found him idly paging through a book in the library.  They both bowed and Bristol said, “here is my colleague the Lady sent at your request.”  
The King looked confused and then remembered why he had sent to the Lady for help, “welcome to Arca my lady.  I hope you can rein in my impetuous daughter.  Thank you Bristol; would you mind fetching my recalcitrant daughter?”  Bristol bowed himself out leaving Tia alone with the King.  
“I am at your service Highness,” said Tia formally.  
The King smiled wanly and said, “I hope you have more luck with her than I have had.  I would marry her off if anyone would have her but after her little stunt in Thespia she is almost anathema to most of the court.  Your job is to keep her out of trouble, at any cost.  You have my permission to use whatever means necessary.  She may be my daughter, but you shall be in charge of everything she does or does not do.  If you find a nice man to marry her off to, be my guest.”  Tia would have laughed at the thought, but the King was serious.  Shortly Bristol returned escorting Kalyn.  He bowed again and vanished.  
The girl entered the library, glanced uninterestedly at Tia, and bowed politely to her father.  “You wished to see me?” asked the girl.  
“Yes,” said the King, “I would like you to meet your new…mistress.”  
“My what?” asked the girl, not understanding.  
The King smiled, “Mistress Tia is to oversee everything you do.  I have recruited her to keep you out of trouble.  She has full authority to do with you as she pleases.”  
The girl frowned and said, “she may make an adequate lady-in-waiting, but you need not go to such extremes.  I am a good girl father.”  
The King smiled even more (he was enjoying this immensely), “of course you are my dear.  Just make sure you are also a good girl for Tia.  If you do not listen to her, you will have to deal with me and I think I may resort to the dungeons if nothing else works.”  The girl blanched and knew her father was serious.  He finished, “very well, both of you are dismissed.  Remember Tia, if you have any questions or concerns you must bring it to my attention immediately.”  They both bowed and left the library.  
When they were alone in the hall, the girl said, “this little charade betwixt you and my father is lovely, but it has no basis in reality.  You may tagalong with me if you must, but that is to be the extent of your interference.”  
Tia said, “I will do exactly as your father has said.  You will be a responsible young lady or you will face the consequences.  I am not one to be cowed by the likes of you.  The Lady did not send me thus merely to follow you around like a lost puppy.  You are considered a serious threat to international stability and that is why I am here.  You will do as you are told.  I have no wish to hamper your lifestyle, but I am here to ensure that everything you do is done with proper decorum.  Do you understand?”   
“Yes, mistress,” said the girl sarcastically.  
Then something Tia had said sunk in, “the Lady?  You are one of the Brethren?  Do you know Arora?”  
Tia smiled, “Arora is now the Lady of Astoria, it is she that sent me and yes, I am also one of them.”  
Kalyn asked, “how is Pallin?”  
Tia replied, “I have only met him once and that was some time ago.  I assume he is well.”  Tia smiled mischievously and added, “and still off limits to you as a potential suitor.”  
Kalyn frowned, “you know about that whole fiasco?”  
Tia laughed, “it is now almost a legend amongst us.”  The girl did not look happy.  Tia said, “I am here to supervise, but it is still your life.  What shall we do this night?”  
The girl perked up a little, “I was afraid you would set me to memorizing tedious poems or learning the finer points of philosophy.”  
Tia smiled warmly, “no, I am just here to keep you out of trouble.  You may do as you like assuming it will not cause another international crisis.”  The girl blushed.  
They went in search of the evening meal and then retired to Kalyn’s room, which had been equipped with a spare bed in their absence.  That night, they talked long into the night of Kalyn’s dreams and ambitions, her doubts and her fears.  Kalyn in turn, asked Tia about the Brethren and her life before and after taking the Oath.  The girl was amazed to learn that Tia was the daughter of a minor Arcan noble, and yet had run off to Astoria in search of something more.  
“You gave up everything to go to Astoria?” asked Kalyn amazed.  
“What did I lose but a gilded cage?” asked Tia.  “You yourself are afraid of the fate that awaits you,” said she, “you are as eager to spread your wings as ever was I.  Perhaps, instead of enduring an endless cycle of court, hawking, and balls, we can put our time to better use?  Your father said you will not find a husband here, if it is a husband you seek, but neither will you find a purpose or direction for your life.  Perhaps we can make a journey together and see what we can discover along the way?”  
Kalyn said, “I would dearly love to go on another adventure, especially with my father’s blessing and someone along for company.  Where shall we go?”  
“I do not know,” said Tia, “but we shall first make for Syre and see what comes of us after that.”
Tia did not know where the idea to go traveling with the girl had come from, but she knew it would spare her from the enforced tedium of the Arcan court.  She understood the girl better perhaps than Kalyn understood herself.  They were more similar than Tia wanted to admit.  They had both grown up with wealth and privilege, but with little in the way of affection or encouragement from their families.  Both were doomed to affluent but cold marriages and both longed for something greater than they had yet encountered.  Tia had found the Brethren, but Kalyn had not yet found anything to fill the great gaping hole in her heart.  Deep down within them both was a little girl simply wanting to be loved.  Tia felt an affection for the girl immediately and was determined to do what she could for the girl’s hopeless cause.  The next morning after breakfast, Tia applied immediately to the King with her idea.  
At first he was reluctant to let his daughter go on yet another excursion, but he could see the sense in letting her vent her frustration and excess energy in the wide world rather than within the confines of Arca.  And with Tia supervising, the chances of yet another disaster were somewhat minimized.  The King agreed, but only if Tia would instruct his daughter in the finer points of self-defense before ever they left Arca.  Tia agreed wholeheartedly.  Tia also suggested that the girl be allowed to go about as herself and not as a princess, should some vile fate befall them, Tia did not wish to excite yet another crisis.  The King agreed that should something happen to them, the nation in which it happened would not be held accountable.  With this agreement reached, Tia returned to her charge and immediately told her the restrictions upon their journey.  
The girl whined, “but if I am not reckoned a princess, how are we to be treated upon the road?”  
Tia laughed, “we shall be treated as every other woman who travels about is treated: often with respect, but sometimes with the greatest discourtesy.”  
The girl smiled, “let us begin my training so we can leave as soon as may be.”  
Tia smiled at the girl’s enthusiasm and hoped it would last once the rigors of travel became a reality.  
Over the next several weeks Tia worked with Kalyn tirelessly on her sword and archery skills.  The girl had some good foundations in both arts and Tia had only to improve upon her basic skills.  Soon the girl was skilled enough that Tia felt she could trust her in a fight should the situation arise.  She applied to the King and was granted permission to leave on the morrow.  The girl bid goodnight and farewell to her father that night and went to bed early, dreaming of adventure in the wide world.  
As they rode out of the palace gates early the next morning, many of the ladies of the court watched from upper windows and laughed at the insipidness of the girl in courting such a journey.  Who would not rather remain in the comfort and familiar intrigues of the royal court rather than face unknown dangers and discomforts upon the road?  Tia was ecstatic to be on the road once more.  Kozak frisked a bit catching her mood.  Even Kalyn’s placid mare seemed eager to be away.  The packhorse refrained from comment.  
“Where shall we go first?” asked Kalyn eagerly.  
Tia said, “I think we shall go to Dara in Syre and see what is happening at the University.  The Lady has not had time of late to concentrate too much of her efforts in that direction and it will be interesting to see what has happened there in recent months.”  
It did not seem a grand adventure to Kalyn, but any destination was as good to her as any other at this point.  Kalyn was not happy to discover that they would be sleeping rough most nights, but within the first weeks of travel had adapted fairly well.  She even learned to help with basic camp-chores without complaining too bitterly.  They rode uneventfully through Arca and crossed into Syre and finally reached Dara.  They camped overnight in a nearby copse and early the next morning made their way towards the University.  
There was much stir as the two ladies rode across campus, obviously armed (weapons and horses were still not highly favored at the institution).  They dismounted and Tia asked after whomever it was who was in charge of visitors on campus.  A stunned student offered to lead the way (girls were not a common sight either).  The Director of Visitor Affairs greeted them coolly and said, “ladies, I am afraid your presence has caused quite a disturbance this morning.  I must ask you not to linger longer than you absolutely must.”  
“Sir,” said Tia politely but firmly, “I wish only to observe the current circumstances on campus and shall leave as soon as I possibly can.  Is there someone in charge here who could answer my questions?”  
Wanting to be rid of the annoying ladies he thought quickly and said, “we have no proper president or head as you would call it, but I know someone who could answer your questions.”  
They were literally handed off to a rumpled professor buried under a stack of papers and books.  “Yes?” said he absently.  
“We were told you might be able to answer a few questions for us,” said Tia civilly.  
The man perked up at the thought of being useful, “what do you wish to know?  I am an expert in Arcane and Forgotten Lore.”  
The two women exchanged glances.  “Could you answer any questions about current conditions on campus?” asked Tia hopefully.  
“Let me see,” said the man, “yes I might be able to be of assistance.  I left my rooms two weeks ago and went in search of a nice cup of fresh tea.”  
The ladies again exchanged glances and Tia said, “I thank you for your time, but we were hoping to speak with someone with a bit more recent experience.”  
The man looked crestfallen but brightened and said, “Raye!”  
A student miraculously appeared from the dusty stacks of knowledge, “yes professor?”  
The man said, “please escort these ladies about campus and answer any questions they might have.”  
“Yes sir,” said Raye.  He motioned for the ladies to follow him and all bowed to the professor, who was again buried in his books and scrolls.  Raye laughed, “they sent you here in search of knowledge about current happenings about campus?  You must have really annoyed someone.”  Tia mentioned their experience with the first man they had talked to.  Raye laughed again, “that would be something he would do.  I am sorry for the inconvenience, I only hope I can be of assistance.  May I ask what brings the two of you to a place like this?”  
Tia smiled and said, “we are set out on a journey from Arca and I thought it would be an interesting sight to see.”  
“Interesting is one way of putting it I suppose,” said Raye.  
He took them on a tour, showed them a lecture schedule, sat through a lecture with them, took them to lunch in the dining hall, and otherwise answered all of their questions.  It seemed not much had changed from the last time one of the Brethren happened by.  While the University tried to teach more useful knowledge, they were happily slipping back into their more familiar topics that did not interest anyone.  At the end of the day, Raye invited them to watch the evening debate.  Tia agreed, the spectacle was almost legendary among the Brethren and she longed to see such nonsense for herself.  The night ended with no one being able to confirm or deny the existence of reality.  Tia could only laugh at the inanity.  
She said to their guide, “you seem a sensible lad.  Why spend more time than you must at a place like this?”  
Raye laughed, “I guess I have nowhere else to go.  There was a time when I thought there was hope for this place, but since the Legion captured the fortress where once the Brethren held classes, there has been little of wisdom taught here.  I guess I just cannot completely abandon all hope about this confusing place.”
Tia had heard of the fortress and asked, “what is the current status of the fortress?  Does the Legion still hold sway?”  
Raye shook his head, “no one knows.  Since its fall, no one has ventured thither.”  
Tia said, “it would be interesting to know what passes there.  Panmycea has fallen, but the Legion may still have a last stronghold on the shores of the sea.”  
Raye looked at her in confusion, “why would you care?”  
Tia sighed, “the Lady would love to know such a thing, but I cannot venture into such danger with my current charge.”  
Raye smiled in comprehension, “you are one of the Brethren?”  Tia nodded.  
Kalyn said, “we can go.  My father said it was alright if you got me killed.”  Tia and Raye looked at her aghast.  
Tia said, “it is one thing to be set upon by bandits in the wilderness, it is quite another to walk into the very heart of danger.  The Lady and your father would have my head if we survived such an adventure.”  
“Let me go,” said Raye, “I know the place almost as well as anyone.”  
“I could not ask such a thing of you,” said Tia.  
“You are not asking,” said Raye, “I am saying that I am going and I will.  Wait here for my return.”  
The girls exchanged concerned looks, but neither could do anything to stop him.  To speed his travel, Tia asked Kozak to bear him thence.  The unicorn was not happy, but submitted to his mistress’ will.  They spent another couple days idling about the University, if only to irritate the powers-that-be.  Raye rode off immediately, armed with a borrowed sword and an indifferent mount.  
The journey was swift, but Raye had little to do but hang on.  Kozak would not listen to any cues from knee or rein; the creature was completely oblivious to the wishes of his rider.  They stopped only once during the two day journey and reached their destination as night fell on the second day.  Kozak stopped in the woods around the fortress as Raye dismounted and crept cautiously towards the edge of the forest.  
He waited and watched for some time but saw no movement or lights within the structure.  In the dark before the moon rose, Raye snuck cautiously towards the wall.  No alarm was raised and no signs of life appeared on the walls above.  He gradually made his way towards the back door, wondering if anyone was foolish enough to leave it open.  The door was open and creaked forlornly in the wind.  To all appearances, the place was abandoned.  Slowly Raye opened the door and made his way into the courtyard.  Still nothing happened.  As he went deeper into the courtyard, a man jumped out of the shadows and held him at sword point.
“Who are you?” gasped Raye.  
“I am the one asking the questions here,” said the hooded figure with the sword, “you rode in on a unicorn yet are not one of the Brethren.  How is that possible?  And what are you doing in this forsaken ruin?”  
“How would you know all that?” asked Raye in confusion.  
“Just answer the questions,” said the man grimly.  
“I am called Raye,” said the boy.  
“Raye?” said the stranger, “What are you doing here and whose mount did you steal?”  
“Who are you?” asked the still confused Raye.  
The man laughed and threw back his hood, “it is Pallin.”  Raye smiled and greeted his old acquaintance.  
Raye said, “I met one of your colleagues called Tia and she lent me her unicorn to speed my journey hence.  She thought perhaps the Lady would wish to know what was passing here, if anything.  She seems to be traveling with a young woman named Kalyn and was not keen on endangering the girl so I volunteered.”  
Pallin groaned, “Kalyn?”  
Raye smiled, “yes.  What is it?”  Pallin briefly explained his encounter with the Princess in Thespia.  Raye could not help but laugh.  Said he, “what are you doing here?”  
Pallin smiled, “apparently the same thing as you.  Though I have nothing to report to the Lady save that an owl is nesting in one of the guard towers.”  Suddenly, Pallin grasped Raye’s shoulder and pulled him into a hiding place.  
“What is it?” asked Raye.  
Pallin said quietly, “my mare has seen men approaching.  We are no longer alone.”  
As he spoke, the main gate was thrown open and the clatter of hooves filled the courtyard.  A dozen riders came into view, dismounted, and secured their horses in the abandoned stable.  The men emerged and did a brief search of the area but failed to find the hidden boys.  They posted a few men on the walls to stand watch; the rest seemed to be waiting for something.  
A short time later, a hissing and snarling sound came from the direction of the front gate.  Soon, one of the Brotherhood’s vile monsters entered the courtyard.  The rider leapt from its back and the thing stood there as if in a trance.  Once the man was safely within the fortress, the gates banged shut with an ominous finality.  The dozen men looked eagerly in the direction of the newcomer.  He said, "you have all been summoned here on a matter of great importance.  You are all that remains of the once great Legion of the Serpent, and you only remain alive and uncaptured because you fled from battle or abandoned your posts.  My masters are willing to overlook this small failing in your characters on one condition: tonight you will join the Brotherhood of the Serpent or you will not leave here alive."  
There was much murmuring among the gathered men when the man yelled, "silence!  You are all extremely lucky to even be offered this chance; my masters are not keen on failure and are often swift to execute judgment.  Do not despair; this is not some menial form of slavery into which you are about to enter.  Instead, you are about to discover power beyond your wildest dreams.  Power to terrorize your enemies, kill with a single stroke, influence the minds of others, and much, much more!"  As he said this a cloud of fear filled the courtyard and all shrank back in fright.  Nervous whinnies emanated from the stable.  "All you must do is swear your souls to my dark masters and all of this shall be yours!"  
"What does this service to your evil overlords involve?" asked one intrepid man.  
"A very good question," said the man, "each man's assignments vary over the course of his service, but everything you are ordered to do is of the utmost importance to the advancement of our master’s plans.  The course of your life will no longer be dictated by your own whims, but there is ample time for various amusements and personal ambitions along the way.  Any more foolish questions?"  Silence was the only reply.  He said, "very well.  I shall give you a few moments to determine the future course and duration of your lives."  There was a little talking, but the pall of fright hanging over the courtyard cowed most of the men into silence.  After some little time, the dark man said, "your time of deliberation is at an end.  It is time to make your decision; hopefully not your final decision."  He laughed evilly.
 "Wait!" said a man emerging from the group and throwing back his hood, "You have not told them everything.  How can they make an informed decision if they do not know all of the details?"  
"Colin?" gasped the dark man, "I thought you had fallen into the hands of the Brethren."  
Colin laughed, "you could put it that way, but I am very much alive, as you can see."  
One of the other men chimed in, "last I saw of him he was on his way to Astoria with one of the Brethren as a hostage.  He was going to bargain with the Lady herself.  It seems he survived the ordeal, but I want to know what he got out of it?"  
Colin looked a trifle irritated at the man and said, "I see you have not kept to your word Orton.  One of the conditions of your release was that you not join the Brotherhood."  
Orton smiled toothlessly, "a man's gotta make a living.  Come on, tell us what happened after you left the Citadel?  As I remember you had three Brethren and a scholar in tow."  
Colin looked a little reluctant to tell his story, but it was apparent that he would not be able to avoid it.  He began, "we rode uneventfully to Astoria.  I tried to bargain with the Lady for the man's life, but she said she would not negotiate with evil so I was forced to leave once more with my hostage.  In the end, he died by my hand on the borders of that country."  
The dark man smiled, "all in all a great victory for the Brotherhood.  The man was a nuisance and our masters will be pleased to hear of your triumph; they may even spare your life."  Pallin's heart clenched at such a telling of Tristan's fate; he longed to avenge his friend, but now was not the time.  "Tell us," said the dark man, "what was it like slaying such a hated enemy?"  
Colin was quiet for a moment and said, "I thought I should feel some sort of exhilaration or thrill to end the life of one who had caused so much trouble amongst us, but I felt nothing.  My heart was dead and empty!  That is what you can expect from the Brotherhood.  No more will regret, guilt, or shame trouble your hearts but neither will love, joy, peace, or hope.  You will die alone, friendless and unmissed: a tool to be replaced.  They will tell you that there is nothing after death, but do not believe them.  They lie to their own advantage.  The soul lives on and it will exist forever in a place that resembles what the Nameless One wishes to remake our world into: a place with no laughter, goodness, hope, or light, just despair and darkness.  A place where the Master is completely absent.  What fool would sell his soul just to save his life?  It is far better to die free than to face such a fate."  
"What kind of a speech is that?" snarled the other man, "I am trying to convince these pathetic wretches to join our side and you are doing a wonderful job convincing them otherwise.  Your time in Astoria has not changed you for the better; I hope the Brethren have not corrupted you!  If I did not know better I would think you were a traitor, but no one is that foolish."  
 Colin smiled grimly, "the Brethren have gotten to me in a way.  It took a valiant man dying needlessly by my sword to teach me the wretchedness of my own condition.  I begged them to slay me outright to meet the demands of justice and to quiet the riot of despair and shame aswirl in my heart.  They would not listen and I despaired at the thought of a life spent in such torment and agony of heart, but they offered me another option and I took it gladly.  If you must sell your soul, make sure it is for a worthy cause.  The man I was died that night, but something greater came of it.  I found peace and purpose as I have never dreamed.  I have not just been influenced by the Brethren, I have become one of them."  
The dark man gasped, "it cannot be.  Once you have lost your soul you cannot get it back!"  
Colin smiled triumphantly, "perhaps no mortal can accomplish such a feat, but it is quite an easy matter for One of the Master's power."  
The dark man smiled in anticipation, "if you insist on playing the traitor, I will happily end your madness."  
He drew his sword and faced off with Colin.  The two men circled each other and exchanged a few practice blows before plunging fully into a frenzied battle where death awaited the loser.  The other eleven men watched in astonishment, as did Pallin and Raye.  Pallin had heard that Tristan had fallen, but to watch his murderer frantically facing off with one of the Brotherhood was a very strange experience.  He could hardly believe that the man was actually one of his comrades!  The pair continued to rain blows upon each other, at last Colin managed to land a blow that crippled his opponent, but did not prove to be fatal.  
The man fell to the ground, gasping for air and clutching at his wounded side.  He snarled, "finish it traitor, but you are now a hunted man to those you once called your masters.  Revoke your vile oath and perhaps they will allow you to live."  
Colin laughed, "it is an honor to be considered an enemy of the Brotherhood.  I have found my calling and purpose and nothing short of death will change that."  
The fallen man laughed, "death is certainly in your future.  Why do you toy with me?  End it!"  
Colin sheathed his sword, "it is not for me to strike a fallen opponent.  You shall stand trial in Astoria and the Lady shall decide your fate."  
"Fool!" laughed the fallen man, "of all people you should know that such as myself and such as once were you do not go willingly into captivity.  I shall end it myself if such is to be my end, but you idle fools who stand about gawking can gain great standing in the sight of our masters if you assist me in ridding the world of this traitor."  
There was a little chatter and some movement among the gathered men, but only two drew their swords and made as if to attack Colin.  The evil man grinned with glee, "it will be enjoyable to watch you die.  The rest of you have chosen your fate; you shall be next."  There was a little nervous chatter and two more men emerged from the group, swords drawn.  The rest backed away from the situation.
 Colin was not sure about four to one odds, but it seemed he had no other choice and drew his blade once more.  At the last moment, Raye and Pallin jumped from their hiding place and stood at Colin's side.  
"Who?" asked Colin in surprise.  
Pallin smiled grimly, "just a couple of eavesdroppers.  I hope you do not mind sharing?"  
Colin laughed, "help yourself."  
Pallin said to the approaching men, "do not be foolish.  Sheath your weapons and you shall not be held accountable for this folly.  Persist and you will die."  Two of the men hesitated, which caused the other two to reconsider.  
As the men debated within themselves, the fallen man said, "do not listen to them you fools.  I order you to defend me!"  This had the opposite effect from what the man intended and as one, the men sheathed their weapons.  
One of the men said, "you were defeated, how are we to survive such an encounter.  I for one, want none of your orders."  He turned to Pallin, "what will come of us if we do not resist?  We only came to hear an offer.  We are opportunists, not evil men.”  
Colin laughed, "Orton is an example of what happens when you have mercy, but mercy is still a virtue even if it is bestowed upon the foolish.  Be gone from here and never again seek out the Brotherhood.  Let this be the death knell of the Legion.  Go find something honest and useful to do with your lives.”  
“Fools,” snarled the dark man, “will no one avenge me?”  Everyone stared blankly at the pathetic and sinister man.  “Then I shall destroy you all!” yelled the man happily.  
Colin, glancing at the man’s beast, suddenly noticed it coming out of its somnolent state, “everybody to the walls!”  Without hesitation, everyone in the courtyard ran for the nearest ladder leading to the battlements and the safety of the heights.  The thing came snapping and hissing right upon Colin’s heels, but he managed to reach the ladder just in time and pulled himself up.  The beast turned from its lost quarry, but was too late to catch anyone else.  Everyone had climbed to safety.  
The sinister man laughed, “my beast can survive much longer than any of you.  Will you die of thirst or come down and be torn to shreds?  You may choose your fate.”  
Just then a horrible crashing noise sounded from the stable and an equine voice screamed a challenge.  The beast turned to face the oncoming unicorn and battle was met.  The fight between the creatures ended quickly when a flailing hoof cracked the crystal upon the monster’s breast collar.  The sinister man immediately lost control of the thing and it cringed back from the unicorn in terror.  Mad with fear, its eyes fell upon its former master, as did its teeth. The evil man had his sword at the ready and managed to strike a fatal blow to his mount, but not before it had mortally wounded him as well.  
“Not fair,” gasped the man as he collapsed into a heap and left an oily stain on the paving stones. 
Everyone came down from the walls once the creature lay dead.  They carefully avoided the black ooze, some of the men looked at it and shuddered to think that that might have been them had things gone differently.  Pallin, Colin, and Raye stood in a small group off by themselves.  
“Perhaps now is the time for introductions?” said Colin hopefully, “Thank you for coming to my aid.  I owe you my life.”  
Pallin smiled, “it was the least I could do.  This is Raye, a student from the University who decided that sneaking around an abandoned fortress might prove exciting.  I am called Pallin and was also scouting out this hulking relic when these interlopers interrupted my solitude.”  
Colin looked stricken, “I have heard of you.  How could you come to my rescue when you must know what I did to your friend?”  
Pallin said quietly, “if the Lady can forgive you, I can hold nothing against you.  Besides, you are one of us and that is what we do for one another.  You would have done the same for me.”  Colin smiled at the lack of a question in Pallin’s last statement.  
Raye broke in, “who is this dead man everyone keeps talking about?”  
Pallin was silent for a long moment and then said quietly, “Tristan has fallen.”  
Raye looked mortified but said only, “oh.”  The man had killed Tristan and Pallin chatted with him as if they were old friends?  Raye was very confused.  
The unicorn that had broken out of the stable came over to the small group and Pallin’s eyes widened in surprise.  He said in a shocked voice, “is that Taragon?”  
Colin shrugged bashfully and said, “yes.  I cannot believe it myself.  One moment his dying master is telling him not to kill me and not long after he is insisting that I be his new rider.  They are strange creatures, but I do not know what would come of us without them.”  Pallin laughed in agreement.  Raye did not understand what they found so amusing; his own experience with the beasts, particularly Kozak, was that they were inordinately stubborn and unruly.  
“What now?” asked Raye, hoping to change the subject.  
Colin said, “I ride for Astoria at once.  I still have much to learn and was only allowed to leave so soon because of this strange gathering.”  
Pallin said, “I had better escort Raye back to the University and wish to speak with one of our colleagues there.  I shall follow you to Astoria after that.”  
The sound of a nervously cleared throat drew their attention.  “Begging your pardon sirs,” said one of the eleven men, “but me and the other lads have a hankering to go with you.  We do not make any promises, but we are interested in learning more about the Brethren.  Do you mind our company?”  
Colin said, “we leave at once, you had best mount up.”  The man smiled and followed the others into the stable to retrieve their horses.  As soon as they were all mounted and ready to go, Colin said, “I shall see you in Astoria.”  
Pallin nodded and said, “may the Master ride with you!  Farewell.”  They turned their mounts and went their separate ways.
Kozak was excited to travel with a mare of his own species and also to be in company with one of the Brethren, even if it was not Tia.  Again, Raye did little but cling to the saddle while Kozak placidly followed Pallin’s mare.  They soon arrived at the University and were eagerly greeted by Tia and Kalyn, though Pallin would much rather have avoided the latter.  
“Hello Pallin,” said Kalyn happily.  Tia gave the girl a stern look and she blushed terribly and said no more.  
“This is a strange companion you have acquired Raye,” said Tia cheerfully, “what happened at the fortress?”  
Raye quickly told of happenings in the east and Pallin added a few details of his own.  “I am bound for Astoria,” said Pallin at last, “but I thought I should speak with you before riding thither.  What are your plans henceforth?”  
Tia shrugged, “we have no set plans.  My assignment is to keep the girl out of trouble and if possible teach her restraint.  I thought getting her out of Arca was the best thing to accomplish both ends.”  Pallin laughed and Kalyn could not decide whether to blush or scowl.  “Perhaps we can accompany you to Astoria?” said Tia, “If you do not mind the company.”  
“Not at all,” said Pallin, “I am sure the Lady can find ample tasks to keep your charge occupied.”  
Kalyn was not sure she liked this turn of events, but she had little say in the matter and had always dreamed of visiting legendary Astoria.  Such a fabled place could not be dull by any standard.  To everyone’s surprise, Raye announced that he would also accompany them.  They had dinner with the students and then just for fun attended yet another debate on the lawn.  Pallin was not surprised to see things had not changed very much.  Tonight’s topic was: is violence ever truly needed?  The swords worn by Tia and Pallin drew many significant looks but no one was mad enough to say anything about it.  After the wearying debate, they happily sought their beds.  The next morning they set out for Astoria. 


Chapter 21

Colin rode with his strange escort for a couple of days before he began having second thoughts about the wisdom of traveling alone with so many armed strangers through vast stretches of uninhabited land.  His concerns were not unfounded.  One forenoon as they sat eating their midday meal, several of his companions started whispering together and glancing occasionally in his direction.  The little group broke up and the members dispersed to speak with the remainder of his traveling companions.  Very soon, all were whispering excitedly or glancing his way with disturbing smiles.  Not liking how things were going, he called to Taragon and made ready to flee, but Orton put a sword to his throat.  
“Going somewhere?” smiled the man, “I think not.”  Taragon came bounding into the camp, ready to inflict damage.  Orton said, “call off the pony or I will run you through.”  Reluctantly, he bid the unicorn back down.  The beast stamped his foot in irritation but obeyed his master.  “Now,” said Orton, “you once belonged to this lovely little Brotherhood we all thought about joining?”  Colin nodded.  Orton continued, “from recent experience we realize your precious Lady will not be interested in negotiating for your life, but I think your former employers would be happy to have you back.  Our only problem is that we have no way to find any of them.  Would you happen to know of a way to contact them?”  
Colin nodded reluctantly and said, “there is someone in Waymeet.  You can leave a message at the inn and will receive a reply within a few days in similar form.”  
Orton smiled, “then we ride for Waymeet in the morning.  Now if you will please hand me your weapons…”  Colin did the only thing he could and complied, but he also sent Taragon off immediately in search of help.  He could only smile ironically at the strange, twisting path his life had led him down; he rolled over and tried to find a comfortable position for sleeping with his hands bound.
Taragon ran as fast as he had ever run, hoping to find Pallin along the road.  He could vaguely sense Pallin’s mare and Kozak some miles ahead and to the west.  Late one afternoon as they rode north, Kozak and the mare pulled up short, tossed their heads, and pawed the air.  Tia and Pallin exchanged confused looks as they tried calming their usually unflappable mounts.  Soon the reason for their mounts’ unease became apparent: Taragon came crashing out of the brush before them.  Through much frenzied communication in their own strange way, the unicorns knew exactly what was upsetting Taragon.  The difficulty lay in communicating it to their riders.  After many failed tries, finally Pallin understood.  
He said, “I think Colin’s companions have turned on him and they are making for the inn at Waymeet.  We need to get there before they do.”  Taragon calmed at last.  Pallin dug around in his saddlebags and found writing supplies and quickly (or as quickly as one can write with quill and ink on the open road) wrote a note for the Lady.  Once it was dry, he thrust it into Taragon’s saddlebags.  Pallin said to the creature, “I do not know if you can make it to Astoria in time, but this note must reach the Lady quickly or all may be lost.  Go!”  Without a backwards glance, he disappeared once more into the forest.  
“We have to rescue Colin,” said Tia, “but I cannot put Kalyn in danger, nor can I leave her behind.”  She turned to the girl, “if you come with us, you must do exactly as I say, when I say it.  You must not be injured, captured, or killed.  Do you understand?”  The wide-eyed girl nodded.  
“Good,” said Pallin, “let us be off.”  They pushed the horses as hard as they could, hoping against hope to reach Colin in time.
Taragon ran as hard as he ever had and finally reached Astoria.  He was a sorry sight, but he had completed his journey.  When news came to the Lady that Taragon had returned in haste with an empty saddle, her heart sank, but the note was soon found explaining the situation.  Pallin asked that she send help to the inn at Waymeet.  He and others would be in pursuit, but there were at least eleven hostile men and they would need reinforcements if they were to succeed.  The Warrior who had brought her the note and word of Taragon’s arrival waited patiently for her to decide upon a course of action.  
“Gathir?” said she.  
He bowed, “yes Lady?”  
“Has your patrol assembled?”  He nodded.  She smiled, “good, forget your patrol for the day and ride immediately for the inn at Waymeet.  If Pallin should arrive before you, he is to be in charge.  But if he does not, you will know what to do.”  The man nodded, bowed himself out, and took off at a run to find his men.  
Colin’s captors moved at an irregular pace.  Sometimes they wished haste and at others, the disparate group of men idled as if they had all the time in the world.  Colin’s only consolation was that the slowness of their progress bought time for help to arrive, though some part of him wished for haste, if only to end the tedium and uncertainty of the journey.  

Turin and Geff sat over supper in the common room of an inn on their return journey to Astoria.  Things were going smoothly in Panmycea, and Karly seemed to have everything firmly under control; there was no sign that the Legion would ever rise again and no reprisals from the Brotherhood.  Turin hoped the conflict had finally come to an end.  As these idle thoughts were meandering through his mind, the door opened and in traipsed a dozen scruffy, but well-armed figures.  He flinched when he saw the unshaven Colin with his bound hands among them.  He caught Geff’s eye and motioned towards the back door.  Surreptitiously, they arose from their table and went out the back, but cracked the door enough to listen.  
Orton announced for all to hear, “sorry folks but the inn will be unable to accommodate you tonight.  If you were thinking about spending the night, you will just have to go elsewhere.  You can however stay and finish your drinks, assuming you surrender your weapons to us.  Otherwise, I must politely ask you to leave.  Now!”  
Many of the patrons scuttled out, not wanting to be caught in the middle of whatever was about to happen.  The rest grumpily gave up their weapons and resumed their activities.  Orton said quietly to one of his henchmen, “go check the rooms and make sure no one is lurking about.”  
Turin saw Orton motion towards the guest rooms and had some idea of what was being asked of the other man.  He shut the back door and motioned for Geff to follow.  They crept around to the side of the inn out of which looked the windows of the guest rooms.  Quietly Turin tried opening one after the other, but to no avail: the shutters were firmly latched.  Finally, he tried the last one and miraculously it opened.  Instead of immediately crawling inside he waited.  The anticipated thumping of boots and the opening of the door told the tale.  The boots continued down the hall and then returned; the inspection was complete.  They crawled in the window and bolted it behind them.  They tried to find hiding places, but it was a small room and there were few places to conceal oneself.  
The man returned to Orton and said, “the rooms are clear and the windows are shut.”  Orton smiled, “put our friend in one and post a guard at the door and another at the window.  Put someone outside to turn away anyone who looks like they might cause problems.  The rest of us will enjoy the evening.”  There were many happy smiles at this pronouncement except among those chosen to stand watch.  
One of the men grabbed Colin by the shoulder and literally tossed him into the nearest available room, slammed the door, and stood grumpily in front of it.  He hoped Orton would not forget to rotate the watch tonight.  Upstairs in the storage area, Pallin crawled out from behind a stack of crates wondering how he was going to extricate Colin.  Soon, Tia should arrive.  It was a sketchy plan, but it was the best they could contrive on such short notice.  Raye and Kalyn were hidden in the stables, of no likely use, but at least Kalyn would be relatively safe.  
As planned, Tia came into the common room unarmed (Pallin had both their swords).  She sat quietly by the fire, sipping her tea.  Several of Colin’s captors eyed her hopefully.  She gave them a coy smile then continued her attentions to her beverage.  They had arrived only that afternoon and had quickly come up with a sketchy plan and found their hiding places.  Pallin hoped to somehow free Colin, while Tia was to distract the men in the common room.  This was when they needed Arora or another musician.  Tia could sing, but not well enough to be regarded as memorable, but it would have to do.  Tia finished her tea and stood up, catching the eyes of the gathered men.  She asked if anyone had any requests for a song.  There were several scandalous pieces she was happy to ignore, but finally someone called out a folk song she knew very well.  She started and soon almost everyone was singing along.  Pallin slowly crept down the stairs of the storage loft.
When Colin’s guard ungently tossed him into the pitch dark room and slammed the door behind him, he braced himself for a hard landing, but found strong arms restraining him and a hand clasp firmly over his mouth.  A candle was lit and his eyes widened when he realized who his attackers were.  He had never been so glad to see anyone in his entire life.  Turin released him.  
“Now what?” said Colin quietly, “there will be a man outside the window and one posted at the door.”  The brief sound of a scuffle outside answered that question.  “I wonder,” said Colin.  To everyone’s surprise, he unbolted the shutters.  He motioned for Geff to extinguish the candle.  Once darkness had again engulfed the room, he opened the window.  No sooner had the shutters been thrown open than two heads were visible against the deeper darkness outside.  
“Gathir?” said Turin in happy surprise, “What are you doing here?”  
“Trying to rescue Colin,” said he, “but it seems our services are not necessary.”  
“You took care of the guard?” asked Colin.  
Gathir nodded, “all is clear out here, though the bandits still hold the inn itself.”  A man approached out of the darkness and spoke quietly to Gathir, who flinched and then said, “it seems we have other problems.  One of my men recognized Tia in the common room, it seems she is trying to distract the men with her singing.  The Lady said Pallin was in pursuit, do you think this is some plan of his?”  
It would have been much easier simply to flee out the window and escape silently into the night, but they could not abandon their comrades to their fate if they were discovered nor leave eleven bandit-wanna-bes loose to terrorize the neighborhood.  
Turin said, “have one of your men get Colin out of here and safely back to Astoria.  Let the rest of us rescue Pallin, Tia, and Kerflufle the Ogre too if he happens to be in on this.”  
Gathir immediately told off one of his men to escort Colin home, while the rest planned their assault.  Colin was not happy to be sent off like an erring child, but it was obvious he could not partake in what was to come without immediately arousing suspicions among his captors.  He thanked the men for their efforts and rode quietly off into the darkness.  
Gathir and his four remaining men broke up into groups of two and three, staggering themselves as they entered the common room, pretending to be men only interested in a night of conversation and mediocre ale.  Pallin was hiding behind the stairs, waiting for an opportune moment to try rescuing Colin.  Tia was doing an excellent job keeping the audience enthralled and the innkeeper kept the mugs of wine and beer filled.  Pallin hoped that a long journey, a late night, and lots of alcohol would work in their favor.  He really did not have much of a plan and far too much depended on chance.  He was mulling over such things when he noticed who exactly was coming in the door.  He smiled in anticipation for his note must have reached the Lady.  Three of his colleagues strolled in and took a seat.  Though unarmed, at least the numbers were more in his favor.  Some time later Gathir walked in with the last of his men and took a seat on the opposite side of the common room from their fellows.  Tia continued her song, but her smile deepened as she caught the eyes of her comrades.  This was going to be fun!  
Turin remained in Colin’s room waiting for some unknown signal.  Geff had been stationed outside the window in place of the disabled guard.  Turin could hear a little of the singing from the common room through the thick door, but little else.  The entire encounter with Gathir had been so quietly accomplished that the guard at the door had not looked into the room to see what was going on.  He must be completely distracted by the girl’s singing.  About midnight, Orton remembered he should probably rotate his men.  He made a very slurred motion that his men finally interpreted to mean what he intended, but wits were moving much slower than usual tonight due to copious amounts of alcohol.  One man got up and went outside to replace the man Geff pretended to be.  Geff easily disabled the fellow and hid him in the shrubbery alongside his friend.  The man outside the main door of the inn happily came inside and his drunken companion took up his post warding the door.  The man guarding Colin’s room opened the door briefly, saw a man curled up on the bed and slammed the door shut; he then happily took a place amongst the revelers and a not-so-happy comrade took his place.  
Turin let another few minutes pass, opened the window, and motioned for Geff to go to the front door.  Then, trying to sound like Colin, Turin requested the guard’s assistance.  The drunken man opened the door and poked his head in, “whatcha want?”  Turin grabbed him and pulled him into the room.  
He took the unconscious man’s helmet and put it firmly on his own head.  He then left the room and stood in front of the door as the guard had done.  Orton looked up briefly and looked at Turin in concern, but the ersatz guard shook his head and Orton went back to his ale and singing.  Geff had the swords of Gathir and his men with him.  He snuck around front and approached the guard, who was dozing after his eventful night.  Geff rendered him unconscious and hid the body, taking the man’s place at the door.  After another long count of minutes, Turin nodded silently to the waiting Gathir, who then stood up and headed for the door.  He clapped Orton companionably on the back as he walked past.  The man laughed and smiled at such friendly attention.  Gathir left the inn as if needing to relieve himself and soon returned with several swords hidden under his cloak.  He quietly passed them out to his men as he walked past.  He gave Orton a knowing, sloppy grin.  Orton smiled drunkenly at his new friend.  
Finally, Tia halted her singing and went towards the front of the inn to get a drink of water.  The drunken men were not happy at the interruption, but several elbowed each other knowingly as if they hoped to somehow take advantage of the situation.  She found Pallin hidden near the front entrance and retrieved her sword.  As she turned to go back towards her former place, she found three large men standing before her.  
“That was some nice singing sweetie,” slurred one, “but how about something a little more friendly?” 
“I do not think so,” said she, “I must return to my seat.”  
“We will be the ones who decide how things go tonight,” said another, “you had best cooperate.”  The third man made to grab her, but her sword was out and Pallin was quickly beside her.  
“Unhand the lady,” growled Pallin.  The men groped clumsily for their swords, but Geff came in the front door, sword bared. “Drop your weapons,” said Pallin calmly.  They obliged.  
By now Orton had noticed that something was dreadfully amiss.  He and his three remaining men reached for their swords, but soon found themselves surrounded by grim faced and sober Brethren.  They raised their hands and stood up slowly.  The men were quickly disarmed and their hands bound.  Tia soon fetched Raye and Kalyn from the stable, though they were disappointed to have missed all of the excitement.  All were happy to learn that Colin was by now well on his way to Astoria.  There was much amusement at the great success of their poorly coordinated plan.
“Now what do we do with these traitors?” asked Pallin.  
Turin said, “I know several of these men have already walked away from Panmycea promising not to cause any more problems yet here they sit in the middle of yet another disaster.”  
“Kidnapping is a serious crime,” said Tia, “and they have proved themselves untrustworthy many times over.”  
Pallin added, “they also had no qualms about trifling with a lady.  We cannot let them walk free; they are a menace to society.”  
“Let us turn them over to the local magistrates,” said Turin, “I have no wish to be saddled with such companions all the way to Astoria, besides which we haven’t the means to mete out punishment under the circumstances.”  
There was much discussion and finally Turin’s suggestion was found to be the wisest course of action in the present circumstances.  Morning was slow in coming and the local officials were not happy to be burdened with eleven perpetrators, but they were also wise enough to know that should such men be turned loose, they could wreak havoc on the whole district.  After much deliberation, appropriate actions were taken, and the men soon found themselves unwilling workers in a penal stone quarry.  Their captive rescued and the villains thwarted, the Brethren rode joyfully back to Astoria.
They sent a rider ahead with a message for the Lady as the rest of the party pushed on steadily, but not hard enough to weary the travelers.  It was a merry journey for all, and there were many stories to tell and much catching up to do.  Geff rode beside Raye for some time and talked of happenings (or lack thereof) at the University and Raye’s adventures at the fortress in Syre.  Raye was astounded to hear that not only had Geff joined the Brethren, so too had Kard.  
Raye sighed, “I thought you had both learned better.  No one speaks well of the Brethren at the University.  They are little more than antiquated warriors hoping to conquer and indoctrinate the world!”  
Geff laughed, “you are the one who is indoctrinated!  Have you not spent enough time among us to know who and what we are?  For one so antagonistic towards us, it seems odd that you would ride to Astoria or spend so much time in company with us.”  
Raye shrugged, “you are my friends.  It is different.”  
“How?” asked Geff.  
Raye said, “I realize the University is generalizing, but there must be some truth in their assertions.  You and your companions are the exception to the rule.  You are normal, honorable people, but I am sure there must be some truth to what the University says about the Brethren in general.”  
Geff laughed, “you have traveled and lived through much.  Have you not learned that much of what the University teaches is distorted, useless, or complete nonsense?”  
Raye blushed, “well yes, but they have to be right sometimes.”  
Geff could only shake his head, “why are you so adamant that they are right in this case when they are wrong about so much else?”  
Raye sighed, “I guess it is because I am reluctant to give up on them completely.  It has been my home for so long and has become an important part of my life.  I fear if I give up on it I am losing some part of myself.”  
Geff looked sympathetic, “it is no easy thing to give up something you cherish, but it is no bad thing to put aside something that has lost all virtue and is only causing you further harm.”  
“What are they teaching you in Astoria?” laughed Raye suddenly, “You sound far wiser than any of my professors have sounded in living memory.”  
Turin rode up beside them and said, “the boy is finally learning sense.  We may make something out of him yet!”  Now it was Geff’s turn to blush; he still had a very long way to go, but he was making progress.
After Turin left the pair, Kalyn approached.  “A strange people are they not?” asked she of Raye.  Raye smiled and Geff blushed yet again.  
Raye said, “a very strange but honorable people.”  
Kalyn sighed, “this journey is turning out to be more exciting than I thought, but I seem to have missed out on all the best parts of it.”  
Geff sighed, “there is enough adventure in the world without riding off in search of it.  Do not worry that you missed out on some little excitement, before you are very much older you will have had enough adventures to last a lifetime and may prefer a quieter way of life.”  Raye and Kalyn stared at him as if he had grown a beard, shaved his head, and sat atop a distant mountain spewing wisdom to any who came in search of it.  He ruined the effect by blushing yet again.  They both laughed. 
 Kalyn said, “you are some strange combination of a boy and a wizened sage.”  
Geff sighed, “one day I hope to outgrow such things.”  
Turin fell back beside Geff and said, “all in good time, lad.  You will get there someday, but you need not wish away your youth too quickly.”  The boy smiled and rode ahead talking quietly with Turin.  Kalyn and Raye exchanged amused grins.  
Kalyn said, “what will you do in the future if the University fails to meet your needs?”  
Raye sighed and said, “I do not know.  I almost wonder if I should not finish my studies and then return in hopes of improving the place.”  
“Perhaps you could start your own,” said Kalyn quietly.  
“What do you mean?” asked Raye in confusion.  
She smiled, “you seem a brave and sensible man, even if you do not have the title of Scholar.  Why go through all the hassle of trying to change something that is flawed at its very core?  Why not start over and begin as it should have been started originally?  My father is a great lover of philosophy and all types of knowledge and lore; I am sure he would love to start an Arcan rival to the University.  I think you are the man to oversee the undertaking.”  
“Me?” gasped Raye, “But I have no title or special skills to enable me to do such a thing.”  
The girl laughed, “all you need is common sense and some good advisors.  I think you have the former and can easily find the latter.”  
“It is an interesting proposition,” said Raye.  They talked at length about Kalyn’s plan; Tia watched with a knowing smile.  Pallin watched in relief; at last the girl had found someone to occupy her thoughts other than himself.
A day into their journey, they caught up with Colin and his escort.  He was riding a normal horse, and was exhausted from his captivity, so their speed was not great.  They stopped and allowed the others to catch up.  There was a quick retelling of the rest of the story after Colin’s rescue and much laughter at the success of their adventure and the lack of coordination on everyone’s part.  Never had such a patched together job gone so smoothly.  Colin looked much better now that he had been allowed to shave and the grimness of captivity was lifted from his brow.  He rode alongside Pallin for a time, talking of their adventures since they parted.  After some little time he dropped back to speak with Turin and Geff.  
Colin asked, “and how did you two end up involved in this little plot?”  
Geff grinned, “we just stumbled into it.  We were simply on a return journey from Panmycea.”  
Colin said thoughtfully, “it is a strange chance that brings us all together at such a dire hour.”  
Turin said, “it is no random act of chance, some things are simply meant to be.  I do not believe in coincidence or luck.”  
“I once did,” said Colin, “but the more I live in this peculiar world, the less I believe in coincidence.  Especially since taking up with the Brethren!”  He smiled and the others laughed in understanding.  They rode on and enjoyed one another’s company immensely.  It was a much more pleasant ending than Colin could have imagined after his capture and the interminable journey.  
Finally, they reached Astoria and rode into the courtyard of the castle amidst the clatter of many hooves.  A much refreshed (and relieved) Taragon stood amongst the crowd of people awaiting the newcomers.  He waded into the mingling horses and unicorns and found Colin.  He looked disdainfully at Colin’s borrowed horse and laid his great head on the man’s lap.  
Colin embraced the great stallion in return and whispered softly, “thank you my friend.”  
Soon the horses were whisked away to the stable and the unicorns sent off upon their own business.  The newcomers were led into the large audience chamber the Lady reserved for less intimate gatherings.  She welcomed Kalyn and Raye to Astoria and asked them to stay as long as they felt inclined to do so.  She then heard the full telling of the tale from all who had seen it, though she had already heard the short version from the messenger they had sent ahead of them.  It was a very happy day for all in Astoria, most especially for Colin, who finally felt as if he had truly come home.


Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog


Book IV Sample Chapters


Chapter 1

The rain streamed down in sheets and lightning flashed outside the window of the darkened room.  Two men faced one another in the darkness, neither moving but both moments away from death should one or the other decide to end the conversation with violence.  “Are you a fool?” snarled a deep voice, “or merely a coward?  To abandon all that you once were to save your own skin is pathetic!”  
“I am neither,” said the other man calmly, “if what I have lost by forsaking my vows could have been called life, then I would rather be dead than to again endure enslavement to evil and gain nothing in return but a deadened heart.  I was a fool not to see it sooner!  Death is far better than anything the darkness can offer and life lived in service to the Master is far better still.  I have lost nothing I would not throw away a thousand times over.  I have gained life itself and far more than that.  Come out of the shadows and forsake the darkness.”  
The deep voice paused and then said, “they have truly gotten to you have they not?  You are no longer the man I once knew.”  
The other voice laughed, “that man was a lie, a half-dead excuse for a human being.  I am now the man I ever should have been.  ‘They’ have not simply gotten to me, I have embraced their tenets fully and with gladness.”  
“You are mad!” shrieked the deep voice, “our masters are furious.  Do you know what they will do to you if they catch you?”  
The voice laughed again, “they can only kill and torture the body.  What awaits them and all of their faithful servants after this life is ended is far worse than anything they could ever do to me.  They have no claim on my soul.  I do not fear even the worst they can do.”  
“What is this nonsense of a soul?” scoffed the dark voice, “we all know very well that this life is all there is and then nothing after.  You speak lies driven into your shallow mind by your new masters.”  
The other man laughed, “it is your masters that lie!  Mine can only ever tell what is true.  It is yours that lie to everyone, including themselves.  You should know how little the truth matters to such as I once was.  Do not die alone and forgotten in the service of those who care nothing about you except how you can be of benefit to their own schemes: a simple tool to be replaced.  I do not ask you to join the Brethren, but at the least forsake evil.”
“This from the man who should have been greatest amongst us after the Battle of the Plains!” sneered the dark voice, “you slew one of our greatest enemies and then immediately joined their ranks!  What fell sorcery is this?”  
“Not sorcery,” said the other man, “a humbled and broken heart redeemed and renewed by love; there is no more powerful force on earth.”  
“Bah!” said the deep voice, “you are forever lost to us.  I should destroy you and end this madness forever.”  
The other voice laughed, “this madness as you call it will not end with me.  Until the end of time there shall be a voice crying the Truth no matter what the forces of evil do to destroy or corrupt it.  I am just one voice among a great throng.”  
“I have heard enough,” snarled the deep voice, “this conversation is ended.”  
Colin clutched his sword, prepared to defend himself, but rather his foe leapt out the window into the downpour and galloped off into the darkness.  He could pursue the man into the storm, but something kept him from a futile chase.  He had tried, but it was now up to his former colleague to decide whether or not to forsake the darkness.  
A year gone, he had been such as the fled man: a man who had sold his very soul into slavery for the sake of power beyond mortal dreaming.  He had received power, but also an empty and meaningless life.  He had even managed to capture one of the Brotherhood of the Serpent’s greatest foes, which should have brought him even more reward from his dark masters.  But after killing the man, he felt nothing in the great gaping chasm that was his own heart: no triumph, victory, or joy.  Nothing!  The man who had fallen by his hand had died more honorably than he had ever lived.  At that moment, his heart had broken where once he had simply ignored it and his conscience.  He had given himself into the hands of the man’s allies and instead of slaying him justly and ending the torment roiling in his mind, they had offered him the chance to join them!  It was the strangest tale he had ever heard and it was his own story.  
He had taken their offer and had since been a dedicated servant of the Master of All, Who was able to fill the void that all the power in the world could not.  After a period of training in Astoria, the home of the Brethren, he had been sent out in search of what remained of his former colleagues.  The Brotherhood had been dealt a terrible blow during the events surrounding the Battle of the Plains; there were now few of them about and they went about in even greater secrecy.  Colin had tracked down several of them and tried to talk them into forsaking their dedication to evil, but it was almost impossible to talk a man out of something he believed with all his heart.  It took the man himself realizing that he had been serving a lie to bring about such contrition.  
A few words from a former colleague could plant a seed, but it was up to the man himself to make the final decision.  Colin hoped his efforts had not been in vain.  He sighed as he sheathed his sword and made his way back to the common room of the inn.  He took a seat at a table and sipped at a mug of tea, trying to calm the riot of thoughts that pranced through his mind.  He had exhausted his resources in trying to locate his former colleagues; his latest quarry had been his last.  Any more encounters must occur without his help.  It was time to return to Astoria and see where the Lady would send him next.  He retired to his room and was off before sunrise.

Bristol rode up to the gates surrounding the massive structure that had been constructed to house the Academy.  Syre was home to the University and its myriad professors in all things useless.  The Academy was Arca’s answer.  It had been founded not long after the return of the King’s fourth daughter from her travels.  She had brought with her a man she later married and whom she had convinced to found this very institution.  The King was a lover of all things involving knowledge, wisdom, philosophy, and lore (or those things that could be mistaken for them) and he gladly accepted his daughter’s proposal of starting the Academy, if only to prove to Syre that what they could do, Arca could do just as well, if not better.  So it was that Princess Kalyn and Raye her faithful husband founded the Academy, which many hoped would prove a better educational institution than the University, though it could hardly be worse.
At the University, anything and everything was taught, except that which might actually be useful.  Raye had been a dedicated student of the University and was determined to make the Academy into what the University should have been.  The University plodded along as usual, happily oblivious to everything going on in the world not directly related to itself.  It was not happy to have a rival, but perhaps a little competition would stimulate growth and interest.  The gates stood open and the guards eyed him suspiciously, but recognizing him as an official advisor to the King, allowed him to pass unchallenged.  He left his mount to graze at will upon the wide lawn and went in search of the High Chancellor.  The Lady had asked him to keep a close eye on this monstrosity as it grew and developed, and it was time for his weekly meeting with Raye about how things were going and in which direction they were headed.  The Lord Chancellor met Bristol in his study.  Bristol bowed formally, shut the door behind him, and took the now familiar seat.  It was strange speaking to a mere youth as one would a King or Ambassador, but such were the circumstances and Bristol spoke with the boy as he would any other dignified person.
“Come once more to supervise my actions?” sniffed the boy.  
Bristol smiled lightly, “I suppose you could call it that.  We wish not to interfere, but this institution could play an important role in the future of our world and the Lady wishes to know that things are progressing smoothly to the benefit of all.  It would be a tragedy to have your dream result in nothing but another cesspool of worthless information like the University.”  
Raye smiled thinly, “your confidence is underwhelming.”  
Bristol shook his head, “I do not doubt your intentions or your heart.  But I know how quickly great aspirations can fall far short if not scrupulously attended to.  I have great hopes for this institution of yours, for the world needs a purveyor of true knowledge.”  
Raye smiled, “I am glad to have your good wishes and we dearly hope not to disappoint, but the Brethren must remember that this is not Astoria and thus not under their control.  We will ask for your advice should we wish it, but your interference will not be appreciated.  We wish one day to rival Astoria in our ability to teach such a depth, breadth, and quality of knowledge but without the spiritual underpinnings.  The Master and his Truth are all well and good in themselves, but we are not here to make disciples but scholars.  We wish for free thought as well as wisdom.  I shall happily answer your questions and listen to your suggestions, but you are not to take any actions regarding the Academy without my direct permission.  Are we understood?”  
Bristol smiled, “I never wished nor expected it otherwise.  The Brethren are not here to subvert your plans; we only hope to assist you in them should you wish it.  May I ask how things progress?”  
Raye smiled proudly, “we already have over a hundred eager students.  We are scouring the world looking for real experts in a variety of subjects; we will not sell our professorships to the highest bidder nor allow anyone with unfounded theories to teach our classes.  Our teachers will be well versed in real knowledge else they will have no place here.”  
Bristol nodded, “I am happy to hear it.  What will your students do when they finish their course of study?”  
Raye shrugged, “that has yet to be determined, but I think an education such as ours will equip them to enter a variety of trades or to act as advisors to Kings and Merchants, among other things.  If they only become better citizens I think we will have been successful.  Many will probably go on to further study in hopes of one day finding a teaching position of their own.”
“What will be your official stance on the Brethren?” asked Bristol, “I know the University is not particularly friendly with us.”  
Raye sighed, “we have nothing against you and respect your knowledge and authority on many things.  We just wish for a less ‘religious’ approach to knowledge.  Your comrades are free to come and study here if they wish, just like any other person.  If one of you wishes to teach and we find them qualified they may do so, though we would ask that they leave all reference to the Master out of their lessons unless perhaps they are teaching a class specifically on the subject.  I do not mind particular classes on that sort of thing, but I will not have it sporadically thrown in no matter the subject.  The students should understand that knowledge can exist apart from such beliefs.  If they wish to pursue those beliefs on their own time, that is their choice.  I will not have them indoctrinated simply because they wish to learn.”  
Bristol chuckled, “I thank you for the clarification.  You seem convinced that we are all unwilling converts who sold our souls for a little knowledge.”  
Raye grew serious, “I saw what such teaching did to Geff and Kard.  They had promising careers ahead of them, but now their lives and minds are enslaved to the Brethren.”  
Bristol laughed once more, “we are not mindless slaves.  I would think you would have learned that by now.  We are willing servants and just because we serve the Master does not mean we have lost all of our sense or fail to use our wisdom and skills for the benefit of others.  Those boys have chosen to sacrifice their own ambitions to serve others, as have I.  We did so willingly and not without much thought.  We do not require anyone to take the Oath to learn in Astoria, they may stay as long as they like and have no requirement to join the Brethren.  Yes, many of our lessons are laced with references to the Master and the Truth, but that is the foundation upon which the whole world is built and through which all knowledge is interpreted.  Without the Master, there would be nothing at all and if there were it would be complete chaos.  We make no apology for teaching the Truth because it is the basis for all other wisdom; without it knowledge is vain.”  
“We shall agree to disagree then,” smiled Raye, almost sincerely “was there anything else you wished to discuss?”  
Bristol shook his head, “is there anything you wish me to convey to the Lady?”  
Raye answered in the negative as Bristol stood, bowed formally, and said, “I thank you for your time Lord Chancellor and I shall see you again at this time next week if it is convenient.”  Raye smiled and waved the man out.  Bristol made his way back to the palace to write his report to the Lady; she would not be pleased.

Tia sat patiently in the hall waiting upon Princess Kalyn’s convenience.  Finally a servant appeared and beckoned her into the girl’s presence.  She had not seen the girl for almost a year, since their little adventure had ended.  The girl had been a complete nuisance at home and her father was desperate enough for a solution that he agreed to allow her to accompany Tia on a journey that had taken them on a strange, twisting route and ended in Astoria.  There the girl had attended a few classes and spoken with the Lady a few times, but spent most of her time pursuing the boy called Raye.  The girl had always been a determined flirt and had once pursued Pallin to the extent that it required legal intervention to get her to drop her designs on the man.  She had finally found herself an acceptable husband in Raye, who was now in charge of making the Academy a reality.  Tia was on a return journey to Astoria after completing her latest assignment and felt she should visit the girl before heading home.  It would be interesting to see what the girl had made of herself and her new position in life.  Her father was relieved simply to have her no longer a menace to every eligible man in the Kingdom!  Tia bowed herself into the lady’s presence with an appropriate amount of formality.  
“Are you come once more to watch my every action?” asked the girl lightly.  
Tia smiled, “this is simply a social visit.  I was riding through Arca and felt I must stop and give my greetings.  How are you?  Much has happened in the last year.”  
The girl smiled happily, “yes, I am finally married and the world may rest in peace until the next threat to international security should arise.  The Academy is already gaining quite a reputation and we are only in the very earliest phase of our plans.  I am so excited; it is nice to finally have a purpose in life.”  
Tia smiled, the girl had grown much.  She asked, “and what are your aspirations for this institution?”  
The girl glowed with pride, “we hope it will one day crush the University into dust or perhaps encourage it to become a more useful resource for learning.  One of my greatest hopes is that we will produce enough qualified individuals who can travel from village to village and teach youngsters what their parents cannot.  The children of the common folk are sorely lacking in more of an education than that which is required to survive in a village or on a farm.  I think all children should have access to a proper education.  If we can produce enough qualified teachers, we can influence the entire world.”  
Tia said, “centuries ago it was one of the duties of the Brethren to provide such an education to the world’s children.  We have not had the numbers in recent years to maintain such an influence, but you are right in saying it is something that must be attended to.”  
The girl laughed, “I think it good that your influence has waned, while your knowledge is no doubt of benefit, your beliefs may prove offensive to some and should not be intertwined in what you pass along to your students.  I think the Academy shall be the answer to that problem.  We shall teach wisdom without mingling it with superstition and myth.  Empowerment with true wisdom unhindered by moral and ethical conundrums will allow humanity to reach heights it has yet even to dream of.  I mean no disrespect to your quaint system of beliefs, but we are moving into an age where reason and knowledge will rule the day and blind faith will no longer be required to explain our lives and purposes.”  
Tia smiled sadly, “I applaud your efforts with this Academy of yours, but I fear that your pursuit of knowledge simply for the sake of knowledge could be disastrous.  All good things were created by the Master for our use and enjoyment, but without submission to Him, any and all of them can become corrupted and dangerous.  We have already seen this with the Legion of the Serpent and their pursuit of power and world conquest.  All things must be tempered by submission to some higher calling or code else they will consume us; we must be a servant to something whether it is power, knowledge, wealth, ourselves, or the Master.  I ask you to consider this as your plans reach fruition.”  
“Fascinating,” said Kalyn, “if I did not know better I would say you were jealous.  I know your fears, but you have no cause for alarm.  We mean the Academy to benefit all mankind, not to somehow enslave it.  I fear it is you and your comrades who are enslaved to this superstition of yours.  That is why we shall work to free others of such entanglements.  I bid you farewell.  Your myths have wearied me exceedingly.”  Tia bowed herself out and went in search of Bristol.
She found him busily writing up a lengthy letter.  He looked up at her knock and beckoned her in.  “Where are you headed?” asked he abruptly.  
She said, “I am returning to Astoria at once.  I only stopped to give my greetings to Kalyn.”  
Bristol smiled, “you are exactly what I was hoping for.  I have a letter that must reach the Lady immediately.  This Academy is going in a worrisome direction and the Lady must know.”  
Tia nodded, “I just finished speaking with Kalyn and our conversation has me greatly concerned.  I shall take your letter and leave at once.”  Bristol thanked her and quickly finished his letter.  Tia was off for Astoria as soon as the ink was dry.  At least they had plenty of warning this time.  

General Karly sat in his study smoking his pipe and buried under a stack of reports.  A servant knocked and a tall, skinny man bowed himself in.  “Yes?” asked the General, happy for an excuse to temporarily abandon his endless paperwork.  
“Sir,” said the visitor, “I am called Yarl and have come on business from the King of Arca.  You may perhaps have heard that they are currently constructing an institution called the Academy, which we hope will one day be the seat of learning for the entire world.  It is my duty to seek out experts in all fields who would be willing to teach at the Academy.  I have come here to ask after any experts you may know in the areas of martial skill, military tactics, and military history.”  
Karly eyed him speculatively and said, “any experts I currently have are needed here to teach my own men.  I am sorry but I have no one to spare.”  
The man looked disappointed but not surprised, “is there anyone you could suggest that might be able to help me?”  
Karly smiled, “why not go bother Pallin.  I am sure he might be able to assist you.”  “
Pallin?” asked the man.  
Karly smiled, “just ask the servant.”  He went back to his reports and the man was forced to withdraw or stand there indefinitely and be ignored.  
The servant was waiting patiently outside the door and Yarl said, “the General suggested I speak to someone called Pallin.”  The servant set off without a word and Yarl was forced to follow or forever be lost in the bowels of the Citadel.  After a lengthy journey through the heart of the massive fortress, they came at last to a large hall in which a man stood lecturing two-dozen eager young men on some ancient battle.  Yarl waited patiently for the class to end and the students to finish with their questions before approaching the front of the room and the young man standing there.
“Can I help you?” asked Pallin of the stranger.  
“I am called Yarl and have come on business for the King of Arca.  The General thought you might be able to assist me.  I am recruiting experts to teach at the Academy and he claims he has none to spare.  I am currently looking for people to teach various martial skills, military tactics, and military history.  You seem to be a competent teacher, perhaps you would consider a change of position?”  
Pallin smiled ruefully, “is this Academy anything like the University?”  
The man blanched in horror and said, “no, it is to be what the University should have been.  The High Chancellor is seeking only the most capable experts to teach at his fine institution.”
Pallin laughed, “so that is what Raye is calling himself these days.  I wish him well in his little enterprise, but I cannot leave my current post without permission from the Lady.  That and I really have no interest in encountering Kalyn yet again.”  
The man looked aghast that Pallin spoke of his master and mistress in such familiar terms.  He cleared his throat and said, “I am sure this Lady of yours would be very happy to have a representative at the Academy.”  
Pallin said, “then you must ask her yourself.  I have no time for such foolish errands.  I am needed here.”  
The man looked irritated that Pallin was finding so little interest in an idea so glorious as the Academy.  He said, “where can I find this Lady of yours.  I am sure I can talk her into supporting my idea.”  
Pallin laughed, “I wish you well in your quest.  You shall find her in Astoria.  I bid you good day as my next class is starting soon.”  
“Astoria!” said the man, “you are one of the Brethren?”  He sighed, not thinking his master and mistress would be happy if he failed in his quest but not wanting to make the long journey to Astoria.  Certain views of the Brethren were not appreciated by the Academy, but they were also renowned for their knowledge and wisdom.  Perhaps Astoria would not be such a bad place to visit after all.  He thanked Pallin for his time and went in search of his horse.

After his final class, Pallin went in search of Karly.  The General grinned as he saw who his visitor was, “you are still here?  I thought you would already be on your way to Arca and its fabled Academy.”  
Pallin laughed, “I have no wish to go to such a place or do such a thing.  Nothing short of a direct order from the Lady can make me go thither.  Why did you fob the man off on me?  For all I know he is riding to Astoria as we speak.  I am not sure what the Lady will think of such a visitor.”  
“She has probably endured far worse than tedium,” said Karly, “at least he is not bothering me any longer.  You plan to continue your efforts here on my behalf?”  
Pallin smiled, “until the Lady sends me elsewhere, I am here to assist you.  I must say I am very impressed with your soldiers and your program.  It is far better than anything the Order ever dreamed of.”  
Karly smiled, he was very proud of his little army housed in the Citadel of Panmycea, the former headquarters of the now defunct Order of the Unicorn which had later become the Legion of the Serpent which was also extinct.  Karly said, “I could not have done it but for your assistance and that of the rest of your comrades.  I am hoping more education and more order will help prevent the disasters that destroyed our predecessors.  We must also cling strictly to our moral and ethical codes else we risk becoming what we hoped to destroy.”  
Pallin nodded, “I have no doubts as long as you are at the helm, but I wonder what will become of this group in a century or so.”  
“We will never live to see it,” said Karly, “but I hope it becomes what I intend it to be.”  
Pallin smiled grimly, “I may live to see it and I dearly hope it is all that you dream and more.  Else I will also live to clean up the mess.”  
Karly laughed, “I forget you Brethren tend to live a few centuries longer than the rest of us.  Just for your sake I shall do my best.”  
Pallin laughed as well, “I thank you very much for your efforts on my behalf.”


Chapter 2

 Colin rode quickly, eager to walk the grounds of Astoria once more: the first place he ever felt as if he truly belonged.  The guards upon the gate waved a greeting but otherwise did not hinder his passing.  He laughed joyously to himself at the sudden changes wrought in his life since taking his Oath.  Before he had been a sworn enemy, but now he was a trusted Brother and no one even bothered to question him as he rode into the heart of their city.  Of course they could tell by looking at him that he had not broken or revoked his Oath and thus was still numbered among them and therefore still to be trusted.  In the courtyard he removed Taragon’s tack and sent the valiant beast off on his own business.  What the unicorns did during their free hours no one knew, but when they were needed they were always there to faithfully serve their masters, even unto death.  
It was strange to think that his dearest companion and friend he had once thought a myth or perhaps just a glorified legend.  But the creatures were wise beyond knowing and faithful beyond understanding.  Colin did not know how he had ever gotten by without one.  He found two servants waiting, one took his saddlebags and the other waited to escort him to the Lady.  He found her in her habitual chamber where she received all but her largest audiences.  He bowed deeply upon entering the chamber and then went to one knee.  Such formality was not required, but he always felt somewhat awkward and deeply grateful to her.  He had killed her husband yet she had given him another chance at life.  He owed her his very soul, and as such he was deeply devoted to her.  Only the Master Himself received greater devotion and honor.
She took his formality in stride and bid him rise.  It was still very strange addressing the man who had slain Tristan, but he was a far different man than he had been that fateful day.  And with the Master’s strength she had been able to forgive Colin and also to go on with her duties.  He rose and said, “Lady, I have returned from the errand on which you sent me.  I was able to track down four of my former colleagues and confront them about their empty souls and dire fates.  All listened and later fled.  I suppose I must count it as some success that none tried to kill me outright.  I have exhausted my resources and am unable to track down any more of these men.  It will not be by my previous knowledge that their locations will be found.  I pray that the seed I planted finds fertile soil and that these men see what a dead and hopeless purpose it is to which they have dedicated their lives.”  
“You have done well Colin,” said she, “far better than I ever imagined when I sent you on such a hopeless mission.  Only time will tell if your efforts shall yield fruit, but now it is up to the men themselves to make the final decision.  We have done all we can.  I have no immediate need for you to ride forth and I think it would be of benefit if you remained in Astoria for a time to rest and continue your learning.”  He bowed deeply and left her presence.  She watched him go, wondering how such a faithful heart could once have been so deeply corrupted by evil.  A servant knocked upon the door, interrupting her reverie.  
“Yes Angbar?” asked she.  
He bowed and said, “Lady, Tia has returned and asks to see you immediately.  She says she bears a letter of great import from Arca.”  
The Lady nodded and said, “admit her at once.”  The man bowed and disappeared.  Soon Tia was standing before the Lady making her courtesies.  She wasted no time in handing Bristol’s letter to the Lady; her report could wait.  The Lady thanked her and read quickly through the letter.  Once she had finished she said, “and what news from Arca?”  
Tia said, “as I was passing through Arca on my way home I felt it my duty to stop and see Princess Kalyn.  I had a very disturbing conversation with her regarding her plans for this Academy.  It seems Bristol is also concerned though I only spoke with him briefly.”
The Lady said, “Bristol writes that the Academy wishes to teach knowledge separate from the Truth and the Master.  He says that the Academy is open to the Brethren teaching (if they are qualified) but they must refrain from mentioning anything regarding the Master or the Truth, save in a class specifically on the subject.  It seems the Lord Chancellor is concerned that the Brethren force indoctrination upon all who come hither simply to learn.  It is hoped that the Academy shall offer an alternative to this little problem where students can learn without fear of being influenced by others’ superstitions and beliefs.  What does the lady Kalyn say?”  
Tia said, “she has similar feelings and grew weary with my objections and dismissed me.  She also mentioned her hopes that one day they could create enough qualified teachers through the Academy’s efforts that they might travel from village to village teaching the children as once the Brethren did, except free of our myths and prejudices.”  
“Fascinating,” said the Lady, “our efforts on that front have failed miserably in the last two centuries.  Perhaps it is time to reinvigorate that part of our mission.  We have ignored the common folk for far too long, sufficing ourselves with a few teachers and musicians who entertain of an evening in a common room.  While the parents and masters of these youngsters are more than adequate to teach the basics of reading, farming, weaving, or other trades and basic skills, they lack the knowledge to teach history, Law, Truth, philosophy, and the like.  They are getting an education, but it is not as well rounded as it once was centuries ago.”  
Tia said, “Kalyn also spoke of a coming Age of Reason in which man would no longer need superstitions, as she claimed we believe, in order to prosper and get along.”  
The Lady nodded grimly, and almost prophetically said, “the Age of Reason is upon us and we must either redouble our efforts in teaching all aspects of knowledge and wisdom or fade into the background as a forgotten and archaic group of religious fanatics.  The time is coming when many will be vying for the hearts and minds of men; we must not be forgotten in the scuffle.  There are many who would deny or forget the Master if we let them.  We will not be silenced for fear of causing offense.  I will discuss this matter further with the Council of Six and we shall move forward to counteract the coming storm, lest we be forgotten in the maelstrom.”
Tia was just bowing herself out when a tall, skinny man was ushered in by a servant.  Angbar said, “Lady, this man claims some errand from the King of Arca.”  
The man made a minimal bow and said, “your Ladyship should be greatly honored to receive a guest of my important.  I am called Yarl and I bring great tidings from the King of Arca regarding the renowned Academy.  His servants are searching the world to find the best teachers possible to fill positions within this remarkable institution.  We wish to teach real knowledge and not the fluff that passes for wisdom at the University.  It was brought to my attention that certain of your subjects might be qualified to teach at our highly regarded institution.  It would be quite an honor to you should one of them be selected.  Of course there are limitations.  
We know that you are a peculiar people, who think themselves dedicated to this so-called Master of All.  You can practice your little religion however you wish in private, but it must not interfere with your teaching duties.  We do not wish to insult or offend those who do not believe as you.  We may one day offer a course on the subject and then you would be free to expound upon it at length, but until then we ask that you remain politely silent.  I ask permission to observe your subjects extensively and then if any of them impress me I shall refer them on to my master and mistress.  There was also a young man I encountered in Panmycea who has a gift for military history; he refused my offer without your consent but I am sure he would be happy to comply if you encouraged him.  His name was Pallin.”  The Lady could hardly contain a laugh at the impudence of the man and also at his complete ignorance in matters pertaining to Pallin and the Princess of Arca.
The Lady said, “Pallin is where he needs to be at the moment.  I cannot spare him for other errands or tasks.  And I do not think the lady Kalyn and most especially her new husband would much appreciate Pallin’s presence upon your campus.  I know that Pallin would most certainly regret such an occurrence.  The girl’s behavior towards him was abominable when they met in Thespia before the Battle of the Plains.  I will not have him subjected to such behavior again.  As for your request, you may observe my servants to your heart’s content, but they will not leave Astoria without my consent.  I will also not consent to them leaving under the stipulations that you have just presented me.  We cannot so easily lay aside our beliefs as you seem to think we can.  It is who and what we are.  We cannot treat the Master as some mad uncle that we would rather hide from public view and knowledge.  It is He to whom we have dedicated our lives and it is He that gives our lives purpose and direction.  My servants are knowledgeable and able teachers but I will not ask them to forsake their Oaths to teach at your renowned institution.  If you cannot accept them as they are, they will not go.  They will continue to teach here as they ever have done.  I bid you good day.”
  The man wanted to say something in reply but the dismissal was obvious and the servant standing at his elbow looked anxious to be out of the Lady’s presence.  He found the whole place confusing.  He had made a grand offer to this Lady of theirs and she had wanted to bargain as if he were a fishmonger in the marketplace!  To refuse such an honor was unthinkable, but perhaps once she had had a chance to think things over she would recant.  This thought encouraged him as he went in search of a class he could observe.
After the man had gone, the Lady asked Angbar to assemble the Council of Six.  The Six were representatives of the three major sects of the Brethren: the Teachers, the Philosophers, and the Warriors.  The Six advised her in various matters, but it was she alone who made decisions for the Brethren.  The fourth sect, the Messengers, reported directly to her and had no representation on the Council because each Messenger was an advisor to her in their own way.  They were the least specialized of any of her servants.  The Teachers and Philosophers excelled in the areas of knowledge, Truth, wisdom, Law, and lore.  The Philosophers gathered, recorded, and interpreted information.  The Teachers passed it on to others.  The Warriors were specialists in the arts of war, weapons, and defense.  It was their duty to defend others, pursue criminals, and advise and teach others in such things.  
While a Philosopher had to be able to defend themselves and others with a sword, it was not their duty to devise a plan to protect a city from an oncoming enemy.  A Warrior had to know the Law, the Truth, and many aspects of lore, but was not expected to advise a King on political matters pertaining to the finer points of some trade agreement in light of the Common Law.  The Messengers were expected to know and do all of that.  They were the most flexible of her servants and often received very strange and vital assignments in which all of their skills would be sorely tested.  Only the most talented and skilled of the Brethren were allowed to join the Messenger sect because only they had even a slight chance of surviving the deadly and puzzling missions as they were wont to be sent upon.  Anyone less than the best would not long survive such quests and often, even the best never came home.  The Six were assembled and the Lady was soon deep in discussion with them as to the current and future situation and the Brethren’s role in it.
  
Yarl soon found a class to observe and was not disappointed; the man who was teaching it did so with a depth and breadth that surprised him.  It must have taken the man years of study to learn so much and to be able to relate it so well.  The only disappointing thing was that he often spoke of the Master or the Truth and how it tied into everything he was speaking about.  Whoever thought the Master had anything to do with any of that?  The man had quite an imagination.  The class was made up of a dozen assorted students.  Most were not yet twenty and wore one uniform.  Three wore a different uniform and appeared slightly older.  There were also two fully grown men in the room; one wore the same uniform as the teacher and the other was plainly dressed and seemed rather rumpled, as if he had just finished a long journey and had not yet had time to wash or rest.  A few students had questions and after their curiosity was satisfied the room emptied of all save the rumpled man, the teacher, and two of the older boys.  The rumpled man greeted the other three as if he had truly been gone for some time and was only just arrived.  They returned his greetings with enthusiasm.  Then they noticed the stranger still sharing the room with them.  
“May I be of assistance?” asked the teacher.  Yarl walked forward and introduced himself proudly.  The four did not seem impressed.  What was it with these Brethren?  Did they not properly understand the importance of the Academy and therefore his errand?  He then went on to explain his reasons for being in Astoria.  The boys looked on the brink of laughter.  The men just stared at him blankly.  
Yarl ignored both groups and said, “I would like to offer you a place among the teaching staff at the Academy.  You have a very impressive knowledge and it would be of great benefit to our students.”
Turin grinned and said, “your request honors me but the Lady must approve of such an assignment.  I have no say in the matter.”  
Yarl looked disappointed and said, “perhaps you can just switch your allegiance to us and then you may go wherever you like.  How much is she paying you?  We will double it.”  
The four exchanged a scandalized look but said nothing.  Colin said, “you have no idea what it is that you ask?”  
Yarl shook his head, “what is the difference between this little band of men and any other group dedicated to a common purpose or belief?  Why such incredulous looks at the thought of changing your allegiance, especially for better wages?”  
Turin laughed, “this is not a knitting circle where one can simply walk away and find another that serves better tea.  The Oath is not something to be taken lightly.  Our very lives are bound up in our service to the Master and to break or revoke that is a very dire situation indeed.  You cannot double whatever it is you think we earn, because we are not paid anything at all, save perhaps room and board.”  
Yarl stared at them as if they were mad, “you truly believe all that?”  
Colin laughed, “believe it?  We live it.  We are willing to lay down our lives to defend it.”  
Yarl smiled, “such dedication, but I am sure I can find some way to make you change your loyalties.”  
Kard spoke up, “and why would we want to transfer our loyalties to the University’s younger brother?  I have spent time at the University and most of what passes for knowledge there is a waste of air.”  Geff nodded in agreement.  
Yarl smiled broadly, “you both attended the University?  Then you know what a disaster it is.  The Academy was created to remedy all of the University’s failings and that is why I am roaming the world in search of excellent teachers.  You need not remain in Astoria out of desperation for knowledge, the Academy will succeed where the University has failed.  I am sure the High Chancellor will happily accept such promising students.”  
Geff exchanged a pained look with Kard and asked, “would this High Chancellor of yours be known as Raye in less formal circumstances?”  
Yarl looked scandalized at so frivolous and casual a use of the High Chancellor’s name but said, “yes, he is called that by those closest to him.”  
“I see,” said Geff, “he is a nice enough fellow, but I do not wish to attend any institution of which he is the head.”  
Kard nodded in agreement, “besides, we can no more leave Astoria without the Lady’s permission than they.”
Yarl looked surprised, “I had thought all may come and go as they please and that no one is required to take an Oath to stay and learn.”  
Geff tried to explain, “the younger students are free to go or stay as they please, but we are not numbered among the students.  We have already taken our Oath and are considered apprentices.  An apprentice has very little say in where they go or what they do until the Lady declares that they are no longer apprentices, and even after that we have little say in our own lives.  The students may go and attend your Academy if that is their wish; they are not bound as we are.”  
Yarl was now beginning to understand what each uniform meant.  He made a mental note not to bother with anyone in the uniforms worn by Geff and Kard; an apprentice was of no interest to him.  He hoped to gain a few teachers out of those in the uniform of the full Brethren like Turin.  The students held no interest for him, save perhaps in sending them on as students to the Academy, but he was not a recruiter of students but a hunter for teachers.  The man who found the best teachers would be greatly rewarded for his efforts.  Even with only a brief experience, he was impressed by the Brethren, save for their insistence upon this Master nonsense.  He wondered if they still believed in Kerfluffle the Ogre.  He said, “I shall perhaps see you gentlemen around.”  He walked away.  The four exchanged amused glances but said nothing.  Kard excused himself as he was to lead a patrol of the border that evening.  Geff was Turin’s apprentice and his schedule was mostly up to Turin.  Turin had nothing pressing for the rest of the evening so they went in search of supper and then spent the evening deep in conversation.  Colin still marveled at the fact that his dearest friends had witnessed him murder an even dearer friend and yet did not hold it against him.  They truly were a strange and wonderful people.
Yarl attended the evening meal in the dining hall and tried to entertain himself by speaking with various students, apprentices, and Brethren in an effort to learn more about these peculiar people.  His only conclusion was that they must either be indoctrinated or mad.  Who believed in an obviously imaginary figure to such an extent that they were willing to risk their lives on the matter?  He had never met such a group of fanatics before.  They were obviously well learned, respectful, and polite but their dedication to such a cause was obviously a sign of delusion.  No wonder the High Chancellor wished to protect the Academy students from such things.  The worst part was that some part deep within Yarl longed to have such faith and surety and direction in his own life, but he was avidly dedicated to the Academy and his master and mistress and that should suffice, but somewhere a little voice cried out for something more.  He staunchly squashed the rebellious little thought and focused on his food.  
For several days thereafter, Yarl sat in on classes and observed the whole teaching process within the walls of Astoria.  He was quite impressed, but the Lady’s insistence that her people be allowed to speak their mind was unfathomable to him.  He had one more audience with her before he departed.  A servant led him into her presence and he made his minimal bow once more.  She gazed at him regally, as if she knew every thought and hidden sin.  He idly wondered if any man on Earth could be comfortable in the presence of such a woman; the Brethren certainly held her in a great deal of awe, but then what did one expect from fanatics?  He looked her straight in the eye, flinched, and stared at the wall above her shoulder as he spoke.  
He said, “your ladyship, I am quite impressed with your teaching staff in this rustic little attempt at a learning institution.  I am sure the High Chancellor and his Lady would be very happy to have them teach at the Academy, at least for a time, until we can find more qualified teachers who have a bit more, how shall we say…broadness of mind.  It is quite an honor for so many of your subjects to be offered a position in our fine institution, however if you wish them to take advantage of this highly advantageous offer I must insist that they not force their beliefs on others.”  
The Lady smiled blandly at the man and said, “we do not force our beliefs on anyone.  We simply tell them honestly of the Truth and the Master.  That you might not agree with our suppositions does not make them any less true.  How is it any different than you coming into my presence and declaring everything upon which the Brethren is founded a lie?  You have your ideas about things and we have ours.  I will not have my people pretend to believe something they do not just because you may find it offensive.  It concerns me that you find the minds of your students so weak or vulnerable that you feel you must protect them from any mention of something that you think may subvert their minds.  Is it not the sign of a strong mind that it takes in ALL the information, analyzes it, and comes to a decision based upon a thorough exploration of the data rather than just a handpicked sampling that someone else deems ‘appropriate?’  If you ‘protect’ your students in such a way do you not hinder their development as thinking individuals?  Should they not have the chance to hear all of the information and come to their own conclusions (as you yourself have done)?  If your students are such that they need this type of ‘protection’ then I want my servants nowhere near your institution.  They had better return to the University and see what can be salvaged from that disaster.”
The man seemed stunned; he had never quite thought about it that way.  Every teacher must have some form of bias whether it was preferring orange to blue or cherries to apples, but they did not feel the need to protect their students from the smaller biases.  Why were the larger biases any different?  So what if they believed something he did not?  As long as it did not interfere with the integrity of the knowledge they passed on, what did it matter if they believed in the Master and he did not?  Would not it be better for the students to be exposed to more information rather than less?  At the least, a challenge such as this might encourage discussion, reflection, and deeper thinking rather than simply absorbing knowledge and never using it.  The idea was gaining merit in his own mind, all that was left was to convince his master and mistress of the validity of the idea.  At the least, they needed many more teachers than they currently had (or were finding) and the Brethren could provide that until they could find enough elsewhere or produce their own.  It was no secret that the Brethren were renowned throughout the world as the source for knowledge, wisdom, Law, and lore.  He had seen their proficiency first hand.  He stood silently for a long time as all of this rolled through his mind and the Lady let him think.  
Finally he said, “I see your point, but it is not a decision that I can make.  It must come from my master but I am sure I can talk him into allowing your people to say whatever it is they feel they must.  As long as it does not interfere with the knowledge they are trying to pass on.”  
The Lady nodded, “of course.  Even here, the learning is not stifled by pontifications of that sort.  We do not hide who we are but neither do we force it upon others.  We simply say what we must and leave the rest to the student.  How many of my teachers are you asking for?”  
The man smiled enthusiastically and said, “I have assembled a list of fifteen individuals who I think would impress my master and mistress.  You need not send them all.”  He handed her the list and she said nothing as to his perceived kindness for not requiring all of the people on the list.  She scanned it quickly, he did have a knack for seeking out her most talented teachers.  
She said, “if you can make the arrangements with your master that you mentioned, then I will send those upon this list whom I can spare.  I will even send a few apprentices who will go to your Academy as students if that will help ease your master’s fears.  If my students can be exposed to your ideas without harm, then yours should be able to handle a similar situation.”  
The man said, “I shall ride to Arca immediately and send word the moment I have my master’s blessing.  Once word reaches you, I ask that you send those requested as soon as may be.”  The Lady nodded and he made a slightly more formal bow and went in search of his horse.  
She wondered what would come of this peculiar situation.  She marveled at Raye’s fears that their beliefs might somehow corrupt his own precious students.  The boy had spent enough time among the Brethren to know better than that.  She sighed at the strange direction the world seemed to be taking, but could not spare another moment for idle reflections as Angbar was escorting in a delegation from Ithalia that wished to speak with her.  She resumed her placid smile and prepared to face her guests.  Yarl rode quickly home, hoping his journey was not a waste of time else he would be behind in his recruitment efforts and that would not please either himself or his master.  The journey was uneventful and he took only time enough to clean up and change before presenting himself before the High Chancellor.  
The Chancellor smiled at his most faithful servant and said, “what news do you bring?  It is either very good or bad to bring you home early and in such haste.”  
Yarl rose from his deep bow and said, “my lord, I do not yet know whether my tidings are ill news or good.  I have recently come from Astoria.”  
“Astoria?” asked Raye, “I thought I had sent you to Panmycea and the Southern Kingdoms.”  
Yarl grinned sheepishly, “I went first to Panmycea, but the General claimed to have no one he could personally spare.  He then sent me to see a man called Pallin, who I was able to observe teaching a class on military history.  It was quite impressive and I wished to send him hither, but he refused unless so ordered by some Lady or other.  Intrigued, I then rode to Astoria to learn more of these fanatics who call themselves the Brethren.  I was highly impressed by their knowledge and skills, though their beliefs are a bit odd it does not interfere with their ability to pass on knowledge.  I gave a list of qualified teachers to their Lady, but she refused to allow any of her people to come to the Academy unless we let them teach as they see fit.  They will not come unless there are no restrictions upon them saying whatever it is they wish.  At first I was appalled that she would balk at such an honor for so trifling a detail, but then I remembered how firm they are in their beliefs.  
She then challenged me saying that to ‘protect’ our students from such ‘knowledge’ and not letting them decide for themselves stunts their minds and their learning.  If we hide knowledge (no matter how silly), will it not just make it more exciting to discover?  Should we not allow these Brethren to present their views and let the students decide for themselves?  You and I both went to that strange city and did not come away fanatics.  Do we wish to encourage the sort of students to come here that need such protection?  I think we should let the Brethren come and teach as they wish.  If their preaching gets in the way of their teaching we can always dismiss them.  We are in desperate need of qualified teachers and we are finding very few though we scour the world.  Let us use these Brethren at least long enough to find less indoctrinated individuals or even produce our own.  The Lady also says she is willing to send a few apprentices to study at the Academy if you wish it, if only to show she is not worried that our ways will negatively influence her students.”
The Chancellor smiled at his servant, “a well thought out and defended argument.  I just fear that the Academy shall become a southern Astoria.  At the University, the classes taught by the Brethren were by far the best-attended and most popular, but then no one else was even half as talented in their teaching abilities.  Our goal is to provide a plethora of such individuals and thus surpass the University in all areas of knowledge and teaching.  A few Brethren would greatly enhance our teaching abilities and they could be replaced as we find qualified people.  Also, if we have enough other teachers, their quaint beliefs will soon be lost in a sea of knowledge and other voices.  She is willing to send a few of her apprentices to allay my fears is she?  That is an amusing thought!  Send the Lady a pigeon; let her teachers come!  I also wish to see what we can make of these youths she is willing to send; perhaps we can win them over to the side of reason!”  Yarl bowed deeply and went in search of pen and ink to write his note.  
The Lady Kalyn entered as the servant was leaving and was nearly trampled in his haste.  The Chancellor rose and bowed formally to his wife.  She said, “why has Yarl come back so soon and what is his hurry?”  
Raye smiled eagerly, “he has just found us several new and highly qualified teachers.  If all goes according to plan, we shall be well on our way to meeting or even exceeding our goals for the year.  The only drawback is that he just came from Astoria.  I know we agreed not to allow the Brethren to teach if they insisted upon clinging to their beliefs, but we are in desperate need of teachers and they are a wellspring of knowledge and wisdom.  It seemed a waste to let such wisdom remain ever in the keeping of these antiquated scholars.  Our students do not need ‘protection’ from such thoughts.  Let them hear and in hearing dismiss it for the folly it is.  And then let us benefit from the scholarship of the Brethren.  We will dismiss them when we have enough teachers and have absorbed all the knowledge they have to give.”  
She shared his eager smile, “I think I like this new plan though I suggest you ask me first before making such a move in the future.”  He nodded meekly.
Excerpt from ‘To Shadow Bound,’ Book II of the ‘In Shadow’ series:

1

The wagon lurched into motion, leaving a grim and horrified crowd in its wake.  Nothing like it had ever happened before in the history of Astoria and all hoped it would never happen again.  Kent watched the vehicle vanish into the city, bearing with it all sense of right and good to be buried in some unmarked grave, never to be remembered more, or so it felt, for how could the world go on after such inexplicable evil in the very heart of Astoria?  He had dedicated his life to order, honor, justice, and peace, yet two men he had once esteemed as the epitome of those very precepts now lay dead: one murdered and the other executed for the crime.  With a heavy heart he withdrew into the heart of the keep, praying desperately for some answer, to make some sense of the situation, but he fell asleep with no answers and no consolation to his grieving heart.
His dreams were dark and terrible, his deepest fears and griefs come to life.  He walked in a misty world of darkness with fear at his side, an unwelcome companion upon a road he did not wish to traverse.  Something howled in the darkness and answers came from every direction; grim eyes like embers glowed malevolently out of the night dark mist.  Kent shivered and reached for his sword, the cold familiar weight little comfort in his hand, for it was little defense against such foes and none at all against the Voices.
One hissed, “where is justice now?”
Another mocked, “you dedicated your life to this cause, is this what you wanted?”
“Where is your Master, on this most tragic of days?” jeered yet another.
Laughed a fourth, “is this all there is?”
Kent dropped his sword and put his hands over his ears, trying to block out the taunting scorn in those hideous Voices, but they still echoed in his mind, driving him to his knees, tears of horror and dread in his eyes, praying that they could not possibly be right, but there came no answer, only the Voices.  They mocked and jeered at him, laughed in contempt at all he was and had ever done or hoped to do, slowly drawing closer, their eyes like furious stars in the shrouding mist.  He had no hope of survival, he knew that, they would taunt him, mock him, try and break him, and then they would devour him utterly, unless he despaired of all he had ever believed and joined ranks with them.  He was on his face, weeping like a forsaken child alone in the night, their taunts and mockery ringing true: where was the Master now?  Where was hope amid despair, life in the midst of death, light in the darkness?  It had been promised but it had not come; it would not come, so laughed the fiends.
Suddenly the Voices began to whisper in agitation, an uneasy tremor ran through them like wind in the grass; their scorn was suddenly replaced by terror and they fled, not far, but Kent could no longer smell their fetid breath, like rotten carrion, cold upon his face.  He dared to look up, and for a moment a far different terror seized his heart, for another apparition stood before him, this one invoking dread of another kind.  Which fate was worse, he could not then determine: to be set upon by the fiends and torn asunder or to forever wander the world, a ghost without rest or home.  For that is what stood before him, a ghost, in all its haunting splendor.  He saw a man, a man he once knew, a man he saw murdered that very day, but then again, he was not the man he had always known, for he glowed slightly with a light not of this world, and it was this that had caused the unease amongst the Voices and driven them momentarily from their prey.
“Can you stand?” came the familiar voice, but Kent merely buried his face again in the muddy turf.  The voice came again, more insistent but also far more gently, as a mother caught in a tender moment with her little one, “you must stand or the fiends will soon be upon you.”
“He is ours!” wailed a Voice in the night.
Came another, “you cannot steal him thus!”
With a shiver of dread, Kent flew to his feet, recovering his sword as he did so, setting himself in a defensive stance with the ghost before him, but glancing nervously off into the night whither the Voices had fled.  Said he in terror, “you are dead Baye.”
Baye smiled easily at him, “perhaps.”
The sheer incongruity of that statement for a moment drove the fear from Kent’s mind as he frowned in consternation, “what does that mean?  Either you are or you are not, you can’t have it both ways!”
Baye grinned in amusement, “well then I am not dead, as you can obviously see.”
Kent stared, “I watched you die!”
“Yes,” said Baye, a slight smile on his face, “but it was not the first time nor will it be the last.”
Kent shook his head in confusion, “how can you be so relaxed about death in general and the scandalous manner of your own in particular?”
Baye grew grave, “is that what is bothering you?”
“Bothering me!” Kent wailed, “it has almost been my undoing!  Do you know how the Voices have taunted and how my own uneasy heart has quailed in horror that they might be right?  Everything I once believed, all that I stood for, has come to naught!  To see two men I once respected meet such an end?”
Baye shook his head sadly, “I am sorry it has vexed you so, but I suppose that is part of the reason I am here.”  He glanced into the darkness significantly, “besides for the obvious problem of your fiendish companions of course.”  A mischievous look entered his eyes as his hand glowed so intensely that Kent was forced to look away or go blind, continued Baye as if nothing of interest were happening, “we’ll let the perpetrator of your disquiet speak for himself.”
There came a brilliant flash and when Kent could again see, Jace stood there looking rather perplexed.  He flashed the smugly grinning Baye a look of surprise, quickly assessed the situation, and then turned back to Baye, “what are we doing out here in the dark?  I thought you were trying to be more sensible on occasion?”
Baye grinned all the more, “Kent here is vastly troubled by the happenings of the day so I thought it appropriate if you explain matters to his satisfaction, cold blooded killer that you are, and this is not one of those occasions.”
Jace gave him an annoyed frown, but turned troubled eyes upon the astonished Kent, “I am sorry matters have so unsettled you, but things are certainly not as they seem.”
Kent gaped, “that is an understatement!  You broke Oath!  You murdered your friend and mentor!  You were justly executed for your crimes, yet you stand here bantering as if nothing of consequence has happened!  I nearly lost faith because of you.”
Jace stared off into the darkness, “yes, they can have that effect on people, especially upon one who is afraid or uneasy in his heart.  You did well to resist them.”  He looked soberly at Kent, “has anything ever been ‘normal’ in your interactions with me?”
Kent smiled in spite of himself, “I cannot say yes to that and you know it.  From the moment of our first meeting, uncanniness has wrapped itself about you like a cloak!”
Jace nodded, “precisely, so it should not unsettle you much more to see the things you have seen this day.”  He turned amused eyes upon Baye, “Adan once saw this villain run me through the heart with his sword and then stand over my fallen corpse in gloating triumph, the very first day of my apprenticeship in fact.”
Baye said patiently, “it was not in gloating triumph, I was just happy you had finally mastered the skill I was trying to teach you; I thought you would never learn and we might be thus engaged until the end of time!”
Jace grinned impishly but sobered as he faced Kent, “as you can see, there is far more to the matter than you can as of yet ascertain, but know that I committed no true evil or rendered any permanent harm, but rather we played out this little drama at the Master’s behest.”  He said quietly, “He said that my former self must die, and die it did, in flaming ignobility in fact, that and Baye was also of an age that he should no longer be walking the mortal earth any longer, at least as himself.”
Kent shook his head, “I understand none of this.”
Baye grinned, “you are not supposed to, unless you want to be a part of our perplexing little conspiracy?”
Kent said with wide eyes, “I have no wish whatsoever!”  He smiled apologetically at Jace, “whatever it is that you have embroiled yourself in, I have no wish to partake.  I cherish order, predictability, and routine, not the chaos and disorder that seem to surround you and yours.”  He eyed Baye soberly, “you have my word that what I have seen shall never be broached to another.”  He smiled slightly in relief, “but at least you have managed to allay my worst fears and misgivings in regards to today’s events; the Master is fully in control of the situation and therein I shall be content.”  He glanced nervously off into the darkness, “what of them?”
Jace drew his sword and said grimly, “leave them to me, but if you wish no part in this, I suggest you run as fast and as far as you can in the opposite direction, throw yourself into the deepest ditch you can find and cover your eyes.”
Kent looked questioningly at Baye, who said, “this is no dream lad, the unmaking of these fiends may well loose powers no mortal flesh can withstand; you had best do as he says lest you find yourself unmade.”
Kent mouthed the word ‘unmade,’ in astonishment, but bowed deeply to them both and then fled with all haste.  Baye gave Jace, who now wore Kent’s likeness, a final salute before following after the fugitive to see that he got away safely; Jace dashed into the darkness, whence the Voices had fled.  They were upon him immediately, shadowy wolves with glowing eyes that stank of death and the grave.  They mocked and taunted, hissed and tempted, thirsting for his blood, willing or unwilling.  He said nothing but let them approach, daring them to do their worst.  Sensing they could extract no more terror or despair from this particular soul and knowing it would not willingly yield itself to them, they leapt upon it as one, only too late learning their fatal error, for this was not the soul they were sent to destroy, but rather it had been sent to unmake them.  As their teeth sank into the man’s vulnerable flesh, an awful light was loosed, obliterating them all.
Kent ran as fast and as far as he could, running blindly in the dark, before stumbling into a gully where he collapsed in exhaustion.  A moment later an awful light washed over the world above, like a wave crashing upon the shore, and suddenly he knew it was over.  Baye stood at the top of the gully, and seeing Kent safe, vanished into the luminous tsunami.  Kent lay in the ditch, breathing hard but a relieved smile on his face.  As the wan light of dawn crept into the wash where he had sheltered, Kent at last crept from his refuge and began the long walk back to Astoria, grateful for the chance to think upon all that had happened of late, but happily at peace.

Baye and Jace stood alone in the clearing once more, said Jace, “why are we having such trouble of late recruiting someone into the Shadow?”
Baye shook his head, “you were the first initiate in two hundred years, Adan and Hawk joined us soon thereafter, which is unheard of in this profession.  Do not be surprised if it takes some little time to find someone else, for not all are as suited to this peculiar service as you and your companions.”
Jace nodded thoughtfully, gave his friend a hearty smile, and then each vanished about whatever errands this minor adventure had interrupted.  But the dell was not yet to be left to itself, for a great raven lingered in a dead oak, a shadow of evil muting the sunlight in that particular corner of creation.  He challenged the open air, “it is not fair!  You have so gifted your particular pets that I have no chance in opposing them!  Neither can their faithfulness be shaken, for you have blessed them too abundantly!  Let us see what happens when they are bereft of your favor and left to my mercies!”
A light too bright to look upon gleamed on the far side of the glade, resolving itself into a pert magpie, which was not fazed in the least by the presence of the vile raven, said He in disgust, “do as you wish, Fiend, but my servants shall find themselves blessed all the more for your meddling!”  He vanished in another flash of brilliant light, but it was a softer gleam that attracted the raven’s keen eye, for there in the grass something bright and metallic glinted in the sun.  The stygian bird fluttered down from his perch and cocked his head in eager study of a rather plain looking dagger; he took it up in his claws with a raucous cry of exultation and vanished into the shadows beneath the trees.


2

The family huddled like a mass of disconsolate sheep outside their one room hovel, each more unkept and rumpled than the last, while the dour man studied the lot of them, as if they were pigs in a market pen.  He ignored the morose woman with her stringy hair and dull, hopeless eyes, along with her disheveled, morbidly eager husband who was vainly trying to appear grim but kept greedily rubbing his hands together in anticipation, instead he focused on the eight children, all small, grimy, and ill-fed.  He ignored the youngest as too much work and the girls as too flighty, focusing solely on the three eldest lads.  The oldest was as forlorn and sullen as his mother, a condition the man loathed to shorten, while the youngest of the three was so fidgety the man feared him infested with vermin, leaving only one choice in the matter: a quiet lad with wide eyes that seemed to miss nothing yet neither did he cry out in fear or dismay.
He pointed grimly at the second oldest son and said, “I will take that one, at the price we have agreed upon.”
The man nodded gravely but avarice glinted in his eyes as he separated the boy from the rest of the brood and bound his hands; the woman sighed heavily but chivied the balance of her children away that the menfolk might be about their business undisturbed.  Coins exchanged hands, the boy balanced awkwardly on the back of the stranger’s packhorse, and then they rode away without a glance, without a goodbye, without a tear.  It was the last Cieren would ever see of his family or they of him.
They rode on for several days in silence, the man of a quiet disposition that loathed unnecessary noise and Cieren too overwrought to speak, stopping only at night to camp and at midday to rest and water the horses.  As twilight gathered about them on the third day, their journey appeared to be at an end.  A dark glade opened before them, a ring of standing stones keeping silent vigil within while a flat-topped slab of stone lay at its very heart.  The man dismounted and tied up his horse, took the boy down from the pack animal, and then began rummaging among the supplies, emerging with a horrible dagger and a length of rope.  Spoke he for the first time since the bargain was struck, “finally you shall discover what this is all about.”  He placed a firm hand on the lad’s shoulder and directed him into the midst of the clearing, towards the darkly stained center stone.
The boy was bound like a goat for slaughter and laid atop the primitive altar, the knife glinting in the wan light of a crescent moon as the man prepared to strike.  “Wait,” came the hoarse command.  The man’s hand went limp and the dagger clattered to the stony ground as a great raven lit on the far side of the stone and croaked, “I do not want this one’s blood, instead, raise him up to be one of my greatest servants.”
The man gasped, “what of my sacrifice?”
The raven scoffed, “open your eyes, fool!” as he winged off into the darkness.
The man frowned, but glanced quickly about the clearing, a grim smile darkening his countenance as his eyes fell upon an unmoving form barely visible amongst the bushes on the far side.  He left the terrified boy where he lay and approached the inert form, discovering it to be a mortally wounded man in the uniform of the Brethren.  The villain laughed heartily as he drug the senseless man, apparently the victim of bandits, to the flat topped stone where the boy yet lay.  He pushed the boy ungently aside, lay the substitute atop the stone, and finished the dreadful ritual that would initiate him into the Brotherhood of the Serpent; the boy watched in grim fascination, relieved at having been spared but horrified by what it was he witnessed.  The rites complete, the man loosed the boy and motioned back towards the horses, wondering what on earth he was to do with the annoying creature.  Raise him?  As if he knew anything about bringing up children!  There must be some other alternative?  These thoughts plagued him as they moved deeper into the woods to find a suitable place to camp, well away from the standing stones and their grim vigil.

Two days later, another figure ghosted out of the trees into that forbidden glade; it was midday and the scent of death hung heavy in the air as various carrion fowl fought and squabbled over the source of the stench.  The crows dispersed with many an aggrieved squawk as the intruder approached, but did not flee far, choosing instead to watch stonily from a nearby tree.  Baye studied the dreadful scene and shook his head, wondering how often in his long career he would see just such a spectacle.  He dutifully buried his slain comrade, mounted his unicorn, and returned to Astoria with his grim tidings.  He and his comrades within the Shadow of the Unicorn were often dispatched to find those amongst the Brethren who had inexplicably disappeared, that and keeping the Brotherhood of the Serpent in check, were two of their main duties, though anything and everything that verged on the impossible might well be asked of them.

The man and his unwanted responsibility pressed ever deeper into the Wilds as he contemplated just what he was supposed to do with the boy.  He couldn’t exactly settle down in the nearest village and take up housekeeping.  He had a glorious career ahead of him, he didn’t need a snotty nosed kid trailing in his wake and ruining everything, yet he had been commanded to do just that!  Could he find someone else to do it for him?  He smiled grimly at the thought and began running through a list of every potential candidate he could think of.  He had no kith or kin, no friends or even acquaintances on whom he could foist the lad, and he dared not bequeath him to the Brethren, they’d likely ruin the boy and make a veritable saint out of him.  An idea suddenly occurred to him and his smile grew grim indeed, a sign that the boy knew boded ill for himself and he shuddered all the more.
The man at last drew rein among the thinning trees on the edge of a stony wasteland, daring to take the horses no further, hoping he had not horribly miscalculated, but he had no other choice, unless he wanted to turn homemaker and spend the next eight years playing nursemaid to the wretched child.  They left the horses and continued on foot, the trees vanishing as a land of rolling hills opened before them, covered in scraggly grass, scattered scrub, and far too many stones.  They marched on silently for half a day until a hill far larger than the rest hulked immediately before them, at its base gaped a great crack like a doorway into starless night, from whence came the echoing sound of a rushing wind.  The boy shivered, was the man going to fling him into the vortex?  For what else could make such a horrid sound?
The man bellowed for all the world to hear and the cacophony ceased abruptly with three snorts and a roar which shook the very stones at their feet.  The man smiled nervously and hoped this moment would not be his last, but as a great black head emerged on a serpentine neck, he knew he had erred dreadfully, for this was no green dragon as he had hoped, but a beast as black as night.  There could be nothing but death and worse in such a place for mortal men.  But the creature did not incinerate them where they stood or leap upon them as a cat upon mice, but rather he glanced vainly about, his eyes vacant and blind while his nose twitched rapidly, trying to catch their scent.
“Men!” grumbled the creature, “what have I to do with you or you with me?”
The man said in sudden triumph, “I have a deal to make with you, dragon.”
“Deal?” scoffed the creature, “what could you have to offer me?”
The man smiled coldly though the creature could not see it, “in exchange for me not spreading it hither and yon that you are, how shall I say it?  Visually impaired?  Compromised?  An unfortunate condition I would think, especially in the eyes of your kinfolk, if you will forgive the expression, but no doubt you are aware of the gravity of your situation.  For my silence, all you need do is mind this young one for a year or three.”
“Me, raise a human?” said the aghast dragon, “are you mad?  What do I know about children of any species, especially of the human sort?”
The man shrugged, “it is of no matter to me.  Just keep him fed and sheltered and he can see to the rest, I think, he’s a quiet little thing and no doubt rather self-sufficient.”
The dragon snarled, “what makes you think I won’t just immolate you both this very moment?”
The man laughed darkly, “you could have done that at the start, you are certainly an odd black dragon, but that’s to my advantage.  Well?”
The dragon sighed heavily, “very well, I will shelter the pitiable creature, perhaps it will be a kindness to get the wretched beast away from the likes of you, but I make no promises as to his health, wellbeing, or education.”
“Fair enough,” said the man, “I’ll be back eventually to collect him and your secret is safe with me.”
“At least until you want another favor,” sulked the dragon.
The man smiled villainously, “how right you are.  Farewell!”
He vanished back towards the horses, leaving the boy and the dragon to get acquainted; it was impossible to say which was the more astonished.  The boy smiled ruefully, young as he was, he felt the full irony of the situation, and no little relief to be away from that awful man, at least for a time, even if he must share quarters temporarily with a dragon.  His grin deepened, thinking it might actually be an improvement after sharing that tiny hovel with nine other people; at least the roof wouldn’t leak, even if the beast did snore.
At last the dragon found his tongue, said he, not ungently, “I know little of men and nothing of children, I am afraid you will have to raise yourself.”
Cieren nodded equably, “after what I have endured in the past fortnight, I rejoice at my change in circumstances.”  He grimaced, “even before I came into the keeping of that awful man, my life was nothing grand.”  He sighed, “have you any green acquaintances that might contribute to my education?”
The dragon snorted in amusement, “I may have a black hide lad, but inside I’m as green as any of my kin.  Have you not noticed that you are still alive?  A black dragon would have made an end of you, or at least started the process, the moment you arrived.  I don’t tend to keep company with other dragons, as you might have noticed from what your unsettling companion said, other dragons would likely make an end of me if they knew of my infirmity, blight upon the race as they would see it.  I cannot see or read, obviously, but I am possessed of many books, though I have never had the pleasure of perusing them, and much knowledge, which are ever at your disposal.  You may also share in whatever prey I happen to take, a creature your size cannot eat much, and may seek shelter in the confines of my cave, just be careful that I not crush you in my sleep.  The rest is up to you however, as I am at a complete loss as to your wants, needs, and desires.”
“Fair enough,” said the boy, “is there anything I can do to repay your hospitality?”
The dragon grinned, “your company will be a welcome change from the unending tedium of my social isolation, that and you could perhaps read some of my many books to me.”  
So it was that a bargain of mutual convenience was struck and each benefitted significantly from the uncanny arrangement.  The boy was young, but coming from a large and penurious family, he had quickly learned to scrounge for food, to improvise when he needed something or to live without, and to thrive on the most meager of portions.  The dragon was blind, but he had become an efficient hunter in his own right, so there was always meat in abundance, which the boy supplemented with various herbs, roots, and in season fruits that he gathered from the surrounding countryside; he even tried his hand at gardening the following spring.  He found many strange and needful things amongst the dragon’s horde and supplemented this with items he crafted himself from wood, grass, or hide, so it was that he did not lack for anything of which he had need or desire.  
Cieren taught himself to read and soon became an intimate friend of the dragon’s impressive library, often wondering how such a recluse could have such an astounding collection, but never quite daring to ask.  The dragon himself enjoyed the lad’s company immensely, especially his many questions on any number of subjects, thus allowing him to showcase his vast knowledge of the world and most of the things in it.  By the time the fiend returned to collect his responsibility some years later, the boy had grown into a young man who was self-sufficient, resourceful, and wise beyond his years.
The dragon groused bitterly, “you are just going to show up, take the boy, and vanish without a word of thanks or explanation?”
The man smiled wickedly, “you can thank me for my silence later, farewell lizard!”
Cieren was not eager to go off again with the fiend, but there was a menace and a power suffusing his person that he dared not defy.  So it was that he found himself again leaving his home, such as it was, to follow this despicable person into the vast unknown, but this time he was not a silent, terrified boy.  Said he as they trudged along, “who and what are you?  What is your interest in me?”
The man turned on him that very instant, “you will speak only when I bid you do so!  You will ask no impertinent questions nor bother me with your pitiful demands.  Now march!”
The boy cringed back in a properly cowed manner, much appeasing the man’s wroth; he nodded approvingly and they returned to their silent journey, eventually mounting their horses and vanishing into the ever thickening forest.  They made a silent camp as the sun vanished beyond the distant hills, much as they had done in those interminable and terrifying days so long ago, Cieren found himself easily falling back into the silent rhythms of his dreary life with this unnamed man.  He curled up and tried to find what sleep he could, but it was long in coming, and when at last it did come, it was fraught with unsettling dreams.
He saw a knife glinting in the moonlight, felt a pall of triumphant evil drape itself about him, saw blood flow black in the darkness, and heard the harsh laughter of a raven’s mocking voice, but it was no mortal bird.  He felt those beady eyes upon his very soul, knew they studied him as the creature might carrion it had taken an interest in, knew that the rotting flesh was of far more intrinsic value, at least as far as the horrid bird was concerned.  At last it scorned him, “you shall be my champion child!  I shall make a great warrior out of you, a villain fit to destroy all my enemies.  You will submit or you will die!”  Suddenly starless night loomed before him and Cieren knew what it was that awaited him, should he disobey this awful bird.  He shuddered in terror and the raven’s mocking laughter echoed through his mind as he bolted awake to find the dour man standing over him, studying him thoughtfully.
Said the grim figure, “up boy, we are not alone.”
Cieren was on his feet in a moment, a strange knife clutched in his fist.  He frowned at the odd blade, wondering from whence it had come, but had no time for further thought as the fiend motioned for him to hide amidst the surrounding shrubbery.  As they vanished into the shadows, a sight that smote Cieren’s heart sore with beauty stepped into the glade as his eyes fell full upon a unicorn in all his unveiled glory.  He gasped to see a man aback the fabulous creature, for who could tame so wondrous and fierce a beast?  The shadowy figure dismounted, sword in hand, and seemed to be scanning the underbrush for signs of his quarry though the night was too dark for him to see much, if anything, not immediately before him.
Cieren felt eyes upon himself and knew, somehow, that the man’s vision could penetrate even into the deepest shadows.  The grim man must have known himself discovered, for with a cry of rage he leapt from cover and charged the unwary intruder.  A spectacular display of swordsmanship followed, much delighting the hidden Cieren, but even more did the foul man’s demise gladden his heart.  The moment the stranger’s blade pierced the fiend’s heart, Cieren was on his feet, hands in the air, surrendering to whoever this mystifying man was, for he could not be all bad if he could tame a unicorn and best such a villain.  Visions from his unsettling dream danced in the back of his mind as a harsh voice croaked in his ear, “use the dagger, fool, but nothing lethal.”
The stranger approached, revealing himself to be a boy little older than Cieren, sword still before him, said he quietly, “lay aside your weapons and we can talk like reasonable men.”
Cieren nodded eagerly, but the dread of his dream was heavy upon him, hardly knowing what it was he did, he fumbled with the uncanny blade, as if meaning to hand it over but accidentally nicking the man’s hand as he held it out to receive the weapon.  Jace flinched back as a wave of pain and dizziness washed over him, wondering at his reaction to so minor a wound.  He shook himself and looked at the boy, who was gaping at his empty hands, for the dagger had vanished.  Jace frowned, “what just happened?”
The boy shuddered, “I have no idea.  The knife vanished the moment it struck you.”
There was an edge of worry in Jace’s tone, “where did you get such an uncanny weapon?”  Another wave of nausea and disorientation washed over him, bending him double, his hands on his knees.
Cieren said aghast, “I woke to find it in my hand; I have never seen it before.”
Jace forced himself to stand upright and asked stonily, “did you strike me intentionally?”  The boy shuddered and stared at his feet, wondering how to answer, but his reaction was answer enough for Jace, who grated harshly, “how deeply are you involved with the Nameless One?”
Cieren stared at Jace in horror, the Evil One!?  But who else could command such dread and fear or produce such an uncanny weapon or disquiet dreams.  The boy shuddered, “I fear he has an unsettling interest in me, though I have not sought him out.”  He then poured out the entire tale from his unhappy childhood to this dreadful moment when he had listened to the fell voice in his head, rather than to his heart, which told him this man was not his enemy and might even provide solace from such a horror.
Jace sighed heavily, “this matter is far beyond my experience or comprehension, we’ll have to take it to those far wiser in such matters.  We must return to Astoria.”  He eyed Cieren grimly, “unless you’d rather attack me again and force me to settle matters once and for all?”
The boy shivered but an eager light sparkled in his eyes, Astoria!  The very name caused his heart to skip a beat in excitement, could he truly visit such a legendary city?  He said contritely, “forgive me, I will not attack you again.”  He grinned ruefully, “you have little to fear, as I have no experience in actual combat, nothing outside of those skills required for hunting and basic survival, that is.”
Hearing the truth in the boy’s voice, Jace nodded, and put up his sword, “very well, let us find what sleep we can and then we’ll set out for Astoria first thing in the morning.”
Cieren was the last person to argue with such a sensible suggestion, hope welling inexplicably in his heart for the first time since that dreadful man wandered back into his life.  Neither did he experience any more unsettling dreams, at least that night, perhaps the unicorn’s presence somehow warded his slumber from such terrors or perhaps he had wrought all the evil required of him this night.  Whatever it was, he slept soundly.  Jace however, did not.  The moment Cieren settled himself, Jace withdrew to the far side of the clearing and collapsed, dry heaving and dizzy.  Nearly an hour later, breathing hard and aching as he had not since joining the Shadow, he lay in a miserable heap, wondering what strange enchantment held him in its thrall.
His unicorn nuzzled him gently in concern.  Jace sat up and frowned at the creature, his thoughts fuzzy and unclear as they had never been since their meeting.  He reached out instinctively for the light within himself, the Master’s power and light that comprised his very being, but there was nothing there.  Jace bolted to his feet in horror and immediately toppled into the underbrush, completely off balance.  The unicorn whickered in concern and the boy glanced about himself in horror, unable to see in the dark any longer.  He stood again, this time slowly and carefully, too overwrought to sit still, he felt he must pace as he pondered whatever it was that afflicted him.
He leant against the unicorn for support as he climbed once more to his feet and then took one wobbling step and then another.  Slowly he paced the clearing, trying to clear his head, demanding of the stars an answer they could not give.  As dawn crept into the glade, a raven mocked from high atop an oak, “lost something?”  He laughed harshly as he winged his way off.
The unicorn whinnied uneasily as Jace shuddered, this not the first time he had encountered the Fiend.  Whatever had happened, the Nameless One was behind it.  He glanced grimly at the still sleeping Cieren, wondering what the boy’s own future held, if the Enemy had such an interest in him, shuddering to think such was even possible.  Said he at last, to no one in particular, “it seems I am truly mortal.”  He smiled ruefully, “I wonder what Baye will think?”  His grin deepened, “or my sister for that matter!”
He glanced uneasily at his right palm, but sighed in relief to see that a silver unicorn still reared thereupon, at least he had not been sundered from the Shadow.  The unicorn whickered his reassurance and Jace smiled, “nor the Brethren either it seems.  Whatever betide, we will trust our Master in this as in all things.”  His smile deepened, “this can be no worse than my journey, at least we still have each other.”  The unicorn pranced his approbation, waking Cieren with a start.  Jace sighed heavily, returning to the matter at hand, “we will be on our way as soon as you are ready.”  The boy nodded eagerly and wasted no time in retrieving his horse.  Jace smiled grimly, “let us see what the Lady can make of this strange situation, among others.”  They set off on the long journey home.


Excerpt from ‘Mistborn,’ from “The Greylands: Volume II:”

“Go not into the Elf Wood,” grated the old man on the village green amidst the wide-eyed children that had gathered to hear his tales.  He continued, “strange are the rumors of that country.  Those that go in never come out or if they do, they are never the same again.  ‘Tis far better to stay at home and mind your own business than risk that cursed place.”  
“But do not fairies and unicorns dwell in the Wood?” piped one small, hopeful girl.  
“Bah,” scowled the old man, “there be all manner of strange folk in that wood and none knows who or what might dwell there.  As I said, it is best to leave well enough alone!”  
“But it sounds the perfect place for an adventure,” blurted out a boy a bit older than the girl.  
“Who needs adventure?” groused the old man, “certainly not you.  Forget such foolishness.  Life is hard enough without going out and looking for trouble!”  
“But I want to see the Unicorn,” said the boy defiantly.  
The old man glanced around cautiously, as if the roan cow tethered on the green might carry tales, before saying, “those are dangerous words boy.  Where did you hear such a tale?”  
The boy smiled mischievously, “my old granny tells such tales before the fire each night.”  
The man said quietly, “you would do well to forget such tales or at least not spread them abroad.  I would bring this to your father but being the man he is I doubt such tale bearing would be of much avail.  But heed well my words lad, there are those in this world that would take such tales amiss and it just might bring unwanted attention upon your family.”  
The boy drew himself up and said, “and why should I fear anyone in the least?  Granny says all who follow the Unicorn have nothing to fear from man or beast.”
The old man smirked, “has your old granny never heard of the Blackguard?  They would make short work of you and she, if they heard such prattling on.  If you love your lives you will hold your tongues.”  
“But papa is one of the Whiteguard,” squeaked the girl, “he would never let any such thing happen.  And granny says we must not remain silent, for everybody should have the chance to hear about the Unicorn.”  
The old man shook his head in exasperation and quickly abandoned his eager young audience, fearing to hear any more of such nonsense.  The Unicorn indeed!  If that old myth were true the world would certainly be in a better state than it was.  If such a benevolent creature ever existed, certainly it was dead and gone centuries ago as the old tale told.  Those poor deluded youngsters and their stubborn parents would one day rue their fanatic devotion to such a pathetic cause.  Everyone knew the only way to survive in this wretched world was to avoid the wrath of the Dark Prince and his thrice cursed Blackguard.  If you had to cling to outdated superstition at least keep quiet about it lest you get the whole village murdered!  He hobbled slowly back to his crumbling hovel, muttering the entire way under his breath.  
The small group of children listened in fascination as the boy regaled them with one tale after another about the Unicorn and the Fairywood.  The older boys smirked in derision, thinking they knew better and were far wiser than the bold orator before them while the younger children hung on every word as hope stirred within them.  The group only broke up when their various mothers called them home for supper.  The boy took the little girl’s hand and together they made their way towards home.  The children dispersed and there was much excited chatter over the evening meal and many concerned parents thereafter.
The boy’s father received many aggrieved visitors over the course of the next few days, all quite upset by the tales carried by his son.  How could he let the boy carry such dangerous tales?  Did he wish them all to suffer the wrath of the Dark Prince and his evil minions?  The man only shook his head gravely and said that the boy was free to speak as he felt he must and if they objected they did not have to listen.  They stormed away in a fury and muttered together their frustrations behind closed doors and over a mug of ale at the local inn of an evening.  The man smiled slightly and hastened to find his troublemaking son.  He found the boy busy about the farmyard with various small chores; taking the boy by the shoulder he led him to a quiet place alongside the woodshed and seated themselves on a couple convenient logs.  
“Son,” said he, “you have garnered the wrath of many in this village with your stories.”  The boy blanched, fearing some rebuke but the man continued, “that it has caused such an outrage means your stories are having some effect on stony and hardened hearts.  I must commend you for your courage in speaking so for I know others have warned you that such tales are quite unpopular of late.  I am sorry to say my own enthusiasm for speaking thus has been dampened of late with care and worry, but I think you have the right of it.  These great things must be spoken and not hidden from view simply for fear of our lives.  Whatever happens for your temerity, I must tell you that I am proud of you and will try and be so bold myself.”
Amazement stilled the boy’s tongue and was writ large in his eyes and upon his face.  The man smiled, clapped the boy on the back, and returned to his own work.  The boy shared a parting grin with his father and ran off to tell his mother.  His mother and grandmother were busy about the house and listened with amused smiles as the boy told of his encounter with his father.  His mother cautioned however, “it is good to share your grandmother’s stories but you must be cautious in who you let overhear you.  All must have the chance to hear, but caution is warranted lest you fall into the hands of darkness.”  
The boy’s smile slipped as he said, “but father said all must hear and that caution is not needed.  Will not the Unicorn protect us should some danger present itself?”  
His mother smiled gently and said, “certainly you must speak these things.  I only say be careful in whom you confide for many will carry tales to your enemies.  The Unicorn shall certainly be with His faithful but that does not mean He shall rescue us from every evil and danger that presents itself.  Suffering, sorrow, and danger are certainties in this fallen world, my son.  The Unicorn has promised not to abandon us forever to such things and has in fact overthrown both evil and death, but that age is yet to come.  In this present age we must endure that which we must.  That is why I warn you not to court death by being too bold in your proclamations.”  
The boy drew himself up and said, “I will not hide as if I am embarrassed of what I believe.  Why does papa hide from everyone?”
A look of surprise crossed his mother’s face and she said, “what is your father hiding?”  
He sighed, “I know he once rode for the Whiteguard.  Why does he now live in obscurity and say nothing of what he once was?”  
His mother smiled weakly and said, “no one is allowed to ride with the Guard who has dependent children.  He has retired to raise a family.  Once you and your sister are grown, perhaps he shall ride with them again.”  
The boy nodded sagely but said, “then should he not at least be sharing the reasons for which he once rode?  Is that not also a duty of the Guard as well as fighting against the minions of the Dark Prince?”  
His mother nodded sadly and said, “your father and I have remained silent for fear that our family might suffer for it.  It seems all his old spirit lives again in you.  Not that long ago nothing could have stilled his tongue but our old courage is long fled.  My heart stirs within me to have kept silent so long and deny our neighbors the chance to hear that which we consider most dear.  Forgive me my son, and thank you for rousing again the courage that has waned for so many years.  I shall speak to your father about it, but we shall also make plans to defend ourselves or escape should our enemies fall upon us for our renewed boldness.”  The boy beamed and ran off to find his little sister and tell her all the news.  He found her running swiftly from the surrounding forest with much delight and eagerness.  
She shouted joyfully to her brother, “I have seen one!  I have seen one!”

Winded, she stopped her flight and gasped for breath as Kyan said, “what have you seen Clara?”  
The little girl beamed, “one of the Mistborn of course.”  
He looked at her seriously and asked, “truly?”  
She grinned all the more, “it could have been nothing else!  Let us find granny and perhaps she will tell us more of them!”  
In any other child this mysterious sighting might be thought a fancy of the child’s imagination but Clara was not prone to such whimsies.  They ran together into the house where granny sat by the fire with her knitting in her lap.  The two breathless children stood before her and Clara made her declaration and demanded to know all the old woman had to tell about such creatures.  
The old woman’s eyes sparkled in delight but were wide with surprise as she said, “the Mistborn?  Child, are you sure?”  Clara glowered at not being believed but nodded succinctly.  The old woman nodded sagely and said as the two children sat at her feet, “the Mistborn is it?  They are strange and mysterious creatures certainly, perhaps the most mysterious to haunt this world, if they truly walk upon it.  Much is rumored about them and almost nothing known.  What is true and what is folly I cannot tell.  I will tell you that which I consider closest to the truth but even that is hard to believe.”
She continued, “for all the long ages that the Dark Prince has ruled over the lands of men, he has fought constantly against the Unicorn.  You have heard many times the tale of Him that left His beautiful kingdom far from mortal sorrows and became mortal Himself for a time, to right the wrongs of mankind.  He came and spoke peace but men heeded Him not and allowed Him to fall into the hands of those who mocked and killed Him.  The Dark Prince had thought himself victorious that day but little did he know that he had sealed his own doom, for death could not hold such as He.  He rose again to life and by trusting in Him, we also might live.  For it was His blood that paid the price demanded of each and every man for all his many crimes against his Maker and his fellow men.  The Unicorn then returned to His own country but promised to return one day and finally overthrow the Fell Prince and restore the world to what it should ever have been, save for the folly of man.  
He left his followers to spread the tale of His coming that all might hear and find hope and life anew.  The Dark Prince in his wrath, has long hunted down and destroyed anyone found believing such heresy as he sees it, but this is just the latest offensive in a war that has lasted since the Dark Prince himself rebelled against his Master and will last until the end of time, when the Unicorn shall end the rebellion once and for all.  Now you know the Dark Prince has many servants, both of men and strange and terrible creatures, but the Maker has His own armies and servants as well.”
She took a deep breath and continued her story, “you both know of the Whiteguard, of which your father was once a part.  It is composed of those men and even a few daring women who ride against the minions of darkness and also spread word of their Master everywhere they go.  There are other, more mysterious creatures and people in the world and to whom their allegiance lies, only they and the Unicorn know.  Most dwell in the Fairywood but are sometimes seen abroad.  Among these are the elves, the Mistborn, and other more mysterious races.  A few of the more daring elves have actually left the Wood and have ridden abroad and have even ridden with the Whiteguard at times.  These creatures are quite different from men but similar enough in characteristics that we can at least comprehend something of their nature.  
The Mistborn are another thing entirely.  They are rumored to frequent the Fairywood but legend holds that they can be seen almost anywhere and at the strangest times.  They go about by means unknown, upon errands of which only they know the purpose.  They are said to be not quite solid just like their namesake, neither are they thought to be easily slain by mortal blade.  Some say they are servants of the Master, while others think them quite their own masters, and still others fear them to be some phantasm of the darkness.  They seem to appear most frequently wherever trouble is or is soon to be.  Some consider them harbingers of doom while a few whisper that they are actually saviors in a hopeless night.  Whatever they are, I would be cautious in my dealings with them my children.  Now Clara, tell me what happened when you glimpsed this creature.  Did you interact with it at all or simply glimpse it from a distance?”
Clara beamed in delight and recited her full tale, “I was in the wood a’gathering berries as mama told me when thin tendrils of mist crept out of the low places and gathered round about me.  Suddenly it started to glow with a light like the morning sun and a woman appeared in its midst, as if she had been lost in deepest fog and suddenly became visible as the fog thinned.  She was the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it seemed the light came from her.  She asked if I would like to go with her.  I was silent for fear and awe and then cried out in a fright that I would have to ask my mother and ran with all my might until I came out of the woods.  What does it mean granny?”  
Granny looked thoughtful for a moment and said, “I do not know my dear.  Perhaps there is some danger coming and she wishes to bear you to safety or perhaps she wishes to spirit you away for her own strange reasons.  You must certainly tell your mother.”  
“But what am I to do if she comes again?” asked the girl.  
The old woman shook her head gravely but made no answer.  Clara wasted no time in telling both of her parents as they sat over supper.  The pair exchanged a concerned look and her mother said, “darling, are you certain you saw such a creature and it was not just weariness playing on an overactive imagination?”  
The girl glowered at such an insult and then sighed in exasperation as she saw plainly that neither of her parents believed her.  “Mama,” said she, “what am I to do if she comes again?”  
Her mother smiled slightly and said, “of course you may go with her dear, but you must be home in time for dinner.”  
Clara sighed and finished her food in silence.  Granny and Kyan exchanged a concerned look at the disbelief of the others while the skeptics shared a knowing smile.  Their daughter was not prone to fits of whimsy but there was no reason she could not suddenly start, especially after all the recent excitement over Kyan’s tales and the complaining of the old man upon the green about such fancies.
After the meal was cleaned up, Clara said sadly to granny, “they do not believe me!”  
Granny said gently, “grownups sometimes forget the wisdom of childhood, but take heart my dear, for perhaps they will realize their shortsightedness soon enough.”  
Clara sighed again but tried to find solace in her grandmother’s words.  Kyan sat quietly by the fire, contemplating his sister’s strange adventure and trying to decide whether he should follow her into the woods on the morrow to see this strange apparition for himself, should it appear.  Kyan awoke early and hurried through his morning chores that he might be free in time to follow his sister should she venture again into the woods in search of berries, wraiths, or both.  He was both intrigued, terrified, and skeptical that such a creature could truly visit so common a place as the woods about their farm.  The Fairywood, where such creatures must certainly be common, lay far to the north while the dominions of the Dark Prince lay far to the south.  
In between lay a vast stretch of land inhabited by men and divided up into many countries each ruled by its own King, but the minions of the Dark Prince rode freely where they would and did as they pleased.  They killed, kidnapped, or stole whatever and whomever they wanted.  Some of the local lads sometimes volunteered to ride away with the Blackguard in hopes of joining it and gaining for themselves power and wealth beyond the normal means of men of their standing.  Besides the human soldiers, it was rumored that there were far more terrible and unnatural creatures that roamed about at the bidding of their dark master.  Such a patrol however, had not ridden through this part of the world in a generation and it was hoped that such peace would continue.  Many rulers paid tribute to the Dark Prince in both valuables and people that their own lands might be spared such predations by his roving minions.  Those nations closest to the south and the least despotic were the most prone to such invasion.
Clara was sent again into the forest to gather the seasonal fruits with which her mother would make many lovely jams and pies.  Her supposed encounter of the previous day had cut short her foraging so her mother was even more anxious to be provided with the first fruits of the season.  The girl was eager but also a little afraid to meet the strange woman again in the woods.  She clutched her basket, as if it were the only thing protecting her from the strange apparition and boldly made her way again to the place where she had seen the woman.  Kyan followed at a distance and kept to the cover of the bushes that lined the path upon which his sister trod.  Now and then she would gather a handful of berries but for the most part she spent her time looking about anxiously for some sign of her phantasm.  The day was growing old and the normal mist of evening began to creep out of the low places as Clara turned towards home rather disappointed when, there before her the mist began to glow, but this time with the intensity of the moon rather than the new risen sun.  Again the woman stood before her though this time she looked more solid than before but also more anxious.  She glanced about carefully and seemed to be straining her ears at something beyond mortal hearing before she focused on the child before her.  
Kyan crouched on a slight ridge above the path, well hidden by the verdant spring growth.  He was silent in awe as he watched the pair interact.  The woman said in a voice sweeter than that of any bird, “will you come away with me child?  There is not much time!”  Again she seemed to listen to something beyond hearing.  She glanced anxiously down the path and finally said, “we must go now else it is too late.  Will you come?”  
Clara smiled in trepidation and said, “mama said I could go as long as I was back for supper.”  
The woman said simply, “I fear you shall have no supper to return to.  But take my hand now, if you will.”  
The girl thought about this for a moment but suddenly grim determination blazed upon her face as she remembered her parents’ disbelief and she thrust her hand into that of the waiting woman.  No sooner had Clara taken the woman’s hand than they both grew very misty and suddenly vanished, as if becoming part of the fog itself.  Suddenly the sound of thundering hooves was heard in the distance and a dozen horses galloped through the place where the pair had stood.  Kyan froze in terror and his heart clenched to see the black banner and uniforms borne by the party which could mean only one thing: the Dark Prince had not overlooked their small corner of the world forever, as some had foolishly hoped.  




‘By Candlelight,’ an excerpt from “Over the Hills and Faraway:”

‘How many miles to Babylon?’
‘Three score miles and ten.’
‘Can I get there by candlelight?’
‘Yes, and back again.
If your heels are nimble and light,
You may get there by candlelight.’
~Nursery Rhyme~


A single candle guttered fretfully on the bedside table, little noticed by either the grief stricken old dame in the chair with her careworn face in her hands or the silent, wan figure in the bed.  The little girl fought for her life against a fever that had already claimed countless victims down through the ages while the old woman’s whole world flickered on the brink of extinction like the forgotten candle, for the child was all she had left of kith or kin and this night would either end her struggles permanently or see the dawn of a brighter morning.  So did the girl wander in troublous dream while her grandmother fervently prayed that some miracle might yet spare the stricken child.
The little girl was warm, oh so warm, she sat up in bed and stared longingly out the window into the cool of an autumn night, but terrified of the darkness, she took up the candle before she hastened out into the refreshing breeze that whispered of winter’s coming.  She danced gaily down the fieldstone walk her great grandfather had laid down for his new bride so many long years ago, rejoicing in her freedom after so many days abed, afflicted with fever, delirium, and pain.  Her merry laughter was echoed back by the bright stars, her dear friends since first she thought to name them.  A gentle path wound leisurely through the tame wood that surrounded her grandmother’s small cottage and she thought what a joy it must be to tread it in the mysterious shadows of moon and creeping mist.  She turned her steps thither and was soon lost amongst the swaying shadows of bare limbed trees.  She skipped down the familiar path, now turned fey with moonlight, mist, and dancing shadows, singing as merrily as a skylark on the wing with only her candle for company.
    How long or far she traveled, she did not know, but the world was now utterly strange about her.  The mist had thickened and glowed slightly in the starlight, for the very stars were odd, gleaming in peculiar brilliance and number in their courses above.  The trees were far fewer in number and widely scattered, but of such beauty and stature, height and girth, that she felt this wood was planted at the dawning of the world.  There was a feel in the air, an imperceptible song, that trembled with Joy itself.  The old year was dying, but in this strange wood, she was certain it was always Spring.  She stopped and gazed about her in awe and wonder, her very being quivering in delight just to exist in this marvelous place.  She wondered if she had strayed into one of the outer provinces of a lost country of the fairyfolk.
When a unicorn stepped out of the luminous mist and greeted her by name, she was in nowise surprised, rather had a common rabbit hopped across her path she would truly have been astounded.  For here she felt sure only dwelt that which was never seen by the light of common star.  She smiled upon the wondrous beast and walked along beside him, discussing all the questions and mysteries of the ages before and yet to come, her childish mind strangely capable of understanding all his wise and beautiful speech.  So did they wander until dawn hinted at her coming, but the girl thought that should she witness the imminent morn, never again could things be what they once were.  They stopped then on a hill, overlooking a little cottage that huddled forlornly in the dull grey of the predawn, mist shrouding it like a pall.  Behind them, a bright and golden path led onward into an eternal morning.
Said the creature quietly, “will you descend or will you arise and go?”
The candle was now burning low and she knew she would never need it more upon that wondrous path, but perhaps her grandmother sat alone in the dark and wondered what had come of her.  She sighed heavily and looked into the fathomless eyes of her companion, asked she, “must I return?”
He smiled slightly, knowing the burning ache to go that fretted like some trapped wild thing in her heart, but said he quietly, “the choice is yours child.  The time of parting is upon you, but there is one that begs that it might be deferred a little while.”
The child looked gravely at her candle and then upon the sad little cottage in the dell below.  She smiled sadly up at her companion and said, “I had best return the light to poor, dear grandmama, that she not linger on alone in darkness and fear.”
He nodded and said warmly, “I will await you here.”
She was about to ask how long he might wait and knew that he would bide there for all eternity if he must.  Her smile deepened and her heart grew firm in its resolve as she descended the hill and bore the sputtering candle back home.

The candle on the bedside table finally went out, fully spent, but the sun peeped in the window and chased away the night’s lingering shadows.  The child on the bed stirred and the woman by her side looked up from her grievous dreams.  The girl sat up and smiled wondrously at the old matron, saying, “I have brought back your light grandmama!”
The old woman smiled in relief and greatest joy, “that you have my darling, that you have!” 




Excerpt from “On Heroes: A Foible:”

Aido had been an under-clerk for the Department of Prophecy Amelioration for over a decade, and at last he was about to embark on his first undercover investigation.  He had been in training for years: working out, perfecting his combat techniques, learning to procure and prepare ‘wild food,’ studying old maps and forgotten languages, familiarizing himself with the prophetic writings of every culture, real or imagined, learning the arts of healing, riding, and woodcraft, and only shaving every third day.  Finally, his superiors had decided that he was ready to be promoted to the rank of Investigator for the Sub-department of Hero Isolation and Containment.  He happily walked over to the Repository of Draught and Riding Beasts to procure his very own work vehicle; hopefully something in a blood bay with a little spirit, but that was asking for too much, after all, his was a bureaucratic position.  
At least he was not assigned the riding ox or the donkey that would only go left regardless of whether you asked him to stop, turn, or back up.  He took the reins from the bored looking kid who worked the desk and looked over his new wheels skeptically; it had four legs at least, that was a start.  The sorrel coat would blend in with every other horse on the planet, which was far from exciting, but perhaps being inconspicuous would be an advantage in the field.  It would get him where he needed to go in an efficient manner and that was all the Department cared about.  He sighed and led the beast out of the Repository and parked it in the loading area before going to retrieve the rest of his equipment.
If the horse wasn’t exciting, maybe his weapons allotment would be.  Aido stood in line for what seemed hours as a fusty old lady pottered about behind the counter of the Dispensary of Potentially Lethal Implements, adjusting her glasses and scratching her head in confusion every three seconds.  Finally his turn came and he handed over the paperwork requisitioning what he would need for his field investigation.  She stared at him blankly, blinked a few times like a confused chicken, and then after a few minutes of silence said, “you will have to come back after the Midday Ingestion Break, Investigator.  You know it is against Regulations for me or anyone else to do any sort of Official Business between the hours of Twelve and Thirteen.”  He stared at her in astonishment, not believing it was already that late in the day and dreading the thought of more delay, but there was nothing to be done.  If either of them were caught working over the Break, the results would be catastrophic.  He said something inconsequential and made his way to the Room of Edible Procurement and then returned to the Dispensary to wait, finding that he had lost his place in line.  He sat down with a sigh and tried not to weep in frustration.  Finally, just before the Afternoon Refreshment Period, he was allowed to get his allotment of PLIs.  Like the horse, there was nothing at all interesting about the assortment of weapons but they were functional at least.
Quite nervous that he would not be able to leave today after all, he hurried to the Division of Wardrobe Affairs to outfit himself for his new role and thankfully arrived after the Refreshment Period.  He stared glumly at the bundle of clothing, knowing it looked like it was supposed to but that the material and craftsmanship would not hold up if he encountered any weather that was not sunny and warm.  The middle-aged clerk watched his reaction carefully, with a slight sneer on his face, saying as he saw Aido’s dismay, “don’t blame me, we have limited time to make the stuff and whoever bought the material got a great deal on it, but I wouldn’t use it for rags, but it ain’t my fault.”  
Aido sighed again and left with his allocation of lousy clothes.  Finally, with the sun low on the horizon, he returned to his nondescript horse to pack and be gone, but it took him another half hour to figure out which of the eight sorrel geldings in the loading area was his.  When he finally identified the beast, he almost turned right around and demanded his old job back, for there was a parking ticket tucked into the creature’s bridle.  He glanced at the sign, thirty minute parking indeed!  He loaded the saddlebags and swung into the saddle.  With a grim smile, he crumpled up the fine and tossed it over his shoulder and then urged his horse to a trot before anything else could delay him.
He stood outside the Edifice of Monetary Exchange and wanted to scream.  He needed to make a withdrawal from the Department’s account to finance his journey but the facility was closed and would not open again for three days, as it was an Obscure Holiday Weekend (Foot Fungus Awareness Day).  Aido could not wait that long or his superiors would demand to know why he was so inefficient in his duties.  He had no choice but to hope there was a branch Edifice in one of the villages through which he would undoubtedly pass.  He turned his mediocre beast and made his way out of the city.  Darkness had fallen, forcing him to pull over for the night.  He glanced about hopefully, but there was no sign of either an Approved Nocturnal Repose Sight or a House of Temporary Accommodation for Wayfarers.  He could get in trouble for camping in an unapproved fashion but it was a risk he would have to take, and with the mood he was in, he was quite ready to defy any and every regulation he could think of.  He even built a fire without a permit from the Incendiary Activity Coordinator and used wood without asking leave of the Arboreal Comptroller.  The cheery blaze revealed a sardonic smile on the face of the Investigator as he rethought the day and began to wonder at his previous eagerness for this assignment.
He had always been as much a stickler for the rules as any petty bureaucrat could be, but after all the headache and frustration of the day, he began to wonder at his previous zeal for such stipulations.  With these uneasy thoughts on his mind, he turned over and tried to sleep in as unregulated a fashion as possible.  The birds awoke far earlier than any sensible regulatory body or department could fathom, a challenge the Avian Affairs Agency was still trying to bring under control, but the small, feathered fiends just would not submit to their authority though fines and imprisonment had all been tried, alas to no avail.  Aido was glad there was something in the Universe that had as yet defied regulation and even more grateful that he would be up and on his way long before the lackeys of the Thoroughfare Safety and Compliance Administration were abroad.  His more sensible side began to regret his rashness with the parking ticket, but another part of him laughed mercilessly at the part that fretted over such a trifling matter.  He gathered up his gear, mounted his horse, and continued on his way.
It was just the sort of day to prolong the usefulness of his standard issue substandard clothing and his heart rejoiced in the beauty of the morning, quite insensible that he was violating at least nine subparagraphs of the Modern Aesthetic Code, which frowned upon such natural splendor and the enjoyment thereof, rather preferring the appreciation of the far more grotesque and grim (not to mention more financially lucrative) products of the modern writers, musicians, and painters.  But what did this mere underling know of High Culture and the Finer Things of Life?  He rode along amongst the bucolic charm all about him, content in his ignorance.  The plain old horse jogged along indifferent to the countryside about him, and therefore quite obviously a lover of Fine Things and of a higher social order than his master.  They came to a sizable market town that afternoon and Aido hoped to make a successful withdrawal from his work account to finance the remainder of his mission, else the paperwork to obtain a reimbursement of his expenditures would take the rest of his mortal days to accomplish.
He stopped before the newest and ugliest building in town, certain that it must be what he sought.  It was, but like every other public institution, it was also closed in observance of an Official Obscure Holiday Weekend.  Apparently his work related expenditures would have to be passed on to his children as an inheritance as he would not live long enough to be reimbursed.  He sighed and urged the beast out of town before he started screaming in frustration and risked being locked away as a lunatic or a disturber of the peace.  Aido rode on for another hour before stopping alongside a happy creek, where he decided to take a break from his saddle and water his highly efficient mode of transportation.  He mused upon his assignment and its futility as he leaned on the bridge railing and watched the gladsome water frolic in its stony channel beneath him.  He wished his life could be as happy and careless as that unceasing flow.  Another day of riding would bring him to his destination, perhaps his previous enthusiasm would then return once he was truly doing what he had always dreamt of doing one day and for which he had spent his entire life preparing.  With a heavy sigh he climbed back into his saddle, knowing chances were very good that only his loathing would grow in the days to come, for his heart had grown cold towards his first and only love.  He rode on, wondering what he was riding towards or perhaps more correctly what he was trying to escape.
He passed through several small villages while the day lasted, each with its own Regulation Stopping Places but he ignored them and rode on, enjoying the illicit thrill of thwarting the over-regulation under which he had happily toiled his entire life.  Thankfully it was a Holiday Weekend, else he might not have made it through the first village without being apprehended by the local constabulary for his various, heinous crimes against humanity and the world in general, to say nothing about the discarded traffic citation.  He rode on through more and more villages, each more forgettable than the last, laid out in the precise pattern required by the Zoning Commission of Outlying Settlements.  He camped again in an unregulated fashion before rising on the Official Obscure Holiday and rode into Happytown in time for the Midday Ingestion Break.  He glanced around uneagerly at yet another cookie cutter village and sighed, but he had work to do.  He entered the Requisite Lodging and Nourishment Establishment for Transients, the only place open on an Official Obscure Holiday, and allowed the flighty teenaged hostess to seat him in the nearly empty common dining area and acknowledged that he would gladly consume the Daily Balanced and Nutritious Repast.  She returned with the unassuming concoction in a bowl and set a mug of some viscous purplish-green liquid before him that smelled of aged turnips and old socks, which immediately killed what little appetite he had.
As he was staring balefully at his inedible Repast, a man with a knowing look in his eyes seated himself beside the Investigator and smiled superciliously at him.  Said the newcomer without preamble, “you work for the Feds don’t you.”  It was not a question.  
Aido looked up in surprise but did not deny it, saying, “what gave me away?”  
The man’s smile became condescending, “anyone dressed in cloth of that poor a make must either be destitute or a government employee.”  He laughed in derision, “my brother is a fabric merchant and makes a handsome living by selling such pathetic material by the square acre to lackeys in the Department of Acquisition and Distribution of Necessary Consumables.  He makes more per yard from that flimsy stuff than he does selling the finest material available to the Great Lords.”  
Aido smiled ironically, “that does not surprise me in the least.”  
Said the stranger, “so what are you doing here?  Obviously you are here on Official Unofficial Business else you’d be in a Right and Proper Uniform.”  
Said Aido warmly, “I am here to discover if any Heroes might be budding in Happytown.  Certain of the Prophecies hint at just such an Occurrence in the very near future.”  
The man laughed, “trying to thwart Prophecy again, are they?  Will you people ever realize there are just some things government cannot control?”
Aido stared at his regulation soup in dismay, “that I highly doubt.”  
Said the man eagerly, “so just what happens if you discover said Hero?”  
Aido said dryly, “we offer him a great government job.  If he declines that, then he gets to attend Mandatory Reeducation Sessions for the Socially Dysfunctional and will inevitably end up committing suicide, excuse me, I mean he will choose Elective Self Annihilation.”  
“Lovely,” said his companion, “you people have a title for everything!”  
Aido smiled wryly, “the Department of Nomenclature is the biggest division of the government.”  He glanced around furtively and said, “I would rather get out of this line of work.  The sooner the better.”  
The stranger brightened, “with that I may be of assistance.”  He continued with an amused smile, “are you aware that you are a fugitive?”  
Aido frowned, “I was not aware that it was Official, but it would not surprise me, though it is an Obscure Holiday.  The parking fine?”  
The stranger laughed, “you didn’t?!”  
Aido caught his amusement and nodded, “I carelessly tossed it aside.”  He then whispered, “among other vicious crimes.”  
The stranger smiled deeply, “then I will gladly aid your disappearance.  We criminals must stick together.  Come!”  They stood silently, heartlessly leaving the inedible fodder on the table and a less than standard tip for the Hostess.
As they walked inconspicuously down the street, Aido noticed several posters bearing his face and emblazoned with directions for his immediate apprehension.  They continued their steady, unhurried progress (so as not to draw attention) and turned down a smaller lane that apparently vanished into the neatly managed coppice behind the village.  Eventually the Regulation Side Path crossed the threshold into the Unregulated and Semi-wild Wooded Area and became as unmanaged as the forest through which it wound.  They continued on in silence for nearly an hour, and only when they felt themselves truly alone and unobserved did the stranger finally speak, “so what has prompted your flight from Order my friend?”
In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’


There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.

