
The Voiceless Voice

Copyright 2018 Alexandra Casavant
Published by Alexandra Casavant at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

©Copyright 2018 - All rights reserved.
This document is geared towards providing exact and reliable information in regards to the topic and issue covered. The publication is sold with the idea that the publisher is not required to render accounting, officially permitted, or otherwise, qualified services. If advice is necessary, legal or professional, a practiced individual in the profession should be ordered.
- From a Declaration of Principles which was accepted and approved equally by a Committee of the American Bar Association and a Committee of Publishers and Associations.
In no way is it legal to reproduce, duplicate, or transmit any part of this document in either electronic means or in printed format. Recording of this publication is strictly prohibited and any storage of this document is not allowed unless with written permission from the publisher. All rights reserved.
The information provided herein is stated to be truthful and consistent, in that any liability, in terms of inattention or otherwise, by any usage or abuse of any policies, processes, or directions contained within is the solitary and utter responsibility of the recipient reader. Under no circumstances will any legal responsibility or blame be held against the publisher for any reparation, damages, or monetary loss due to the information herein, either directly or indirectly.
Respective authors own all copyrights not held by the publisher.
The information herein is offered for informational purposes solely, and is universal as so. The presentation of the information is without contract or any type of guarantee assurance.
The trademarks that are used are without any consent, and the publication of the trademark is without permission or backing by the trademark owner. All trademarks and brands within this book are for clarifying purposes only and are the owned by the owners themselves, not affiliated with this document.
“When the whole world is silent,
even one voice becomes powerful.”
~Malala Yousafzai~
Table of Contents
5 Components
Ambrosia
Blame
Electronic Communication
Falsified
In and Out of Existence
It Wasn’t Hers to Take
Mannequin
Mr. Smiley
Mutism
Only What They Want
Perfect Speech
Silent One
Slavery by Dialect
Snatched
The Audacity of Arrogance
The Harvest
The Trade Off
The Unthinkable
Universal Language
5 Components
In the beginning, there was darkness.
As it always was with those unfamiliar with a new part of existence, the darkness was different for them. The kind of darkness that yielded enough essence with which the power of sight was made possible only to condition this power so that it never extended beyond the senses. One saw but never saw oneself. Enveloping but not suffocating; the kind of darkness in which one could neither see where one stood nor sense one’s mobility if one were in motion.  Never seeing from where you had come or where you were going. It was the type of darkness so rich in its own existence that it would only be a necessary dispensation of the other fundamentals that it be drowned in the sea of blanketing silence. The silence gave way sometimes to the shabby echo of its own calling, a deep calling, so deep with nothing firing back in response but its own call. The silence could only last for so long.
Accent awoke first. A jerk that withdrew at the instance she was alerted to herself.  A simple stare around and she perceived the unfamiliarity of the form around her. The questions flooded, each following in a minuscule distance of the other.
Where am I? How did I get here? What…
She heard herself and the trail of questions ceased.  She frowned at her own thought that she sounded funny; and deep and with a long drag of tone. Nearby, Inflection had also come awake. He stood furtively, gazing about trying to make exact sense of what was going on, like Accent had done just a few moments before.
“Where are the others?” Accent asked him and his attention was in that instant drawn to her. Accent thought she heard something like a sigh of relief on his sighting her but gave no thought to that. Inflection nodded behind her, a gesture that directed her gaze and did not refer to her.  With a quick turn, Accent saw them. Of the five components, Pragmatics shook his head as he paced back and forth talking to himself.  He carried the worried look of a professor who had just lost an important part of his research work. They approached each other and stood in a semi-circle. The small crowd looked to each other when they had gathered, waiting on who would speak first. The first that had spoken was unlikely.
“We in body,” Morphology said, trying to encourage the others.
“You mean we are in the body,” Syntax replied in correction and not in condescension.
“Technically, we are not in the body,” Pragmatics growled, he still wore his worried look like a mask that refused to leave the face after the party was over, “We are in the mind. We are in the thought processes, but none of that matters!”
“What is wrong?” Accent queried bright eyed when they all suddenly turned to her.  She looked around and noticed what the problem was. Phonetics was missing.  There was no sight of her friend, and that was a problem.
“We problem,” Morphology said her voice breaking in midsentence.  Accent and the others shared a frown in common confusion. She looked to Syntax and Semantics.
“She means we have a problem.” Syntax sighed.
“Without a doubt, we can’t have this child’s language function without phonetics,” Semantics said with a definite finality; a doctor announcing to a group of patients that the body needed the lungs for breathing as much as it needed the nose.  They understood. Pragmatics grumbled something quickly and soon let go of it. Morphology also mumbled what sounded like a desperate attempt to explain the situation in some better way to them. His meaning as well as his charity was lost as Syntax never saw it fit to correct him in that instance.
“Then we must find her,” Accent said at last.  She stretched her hands out, “Gather hands, everyone.  Try to hold on tight.”
The group of the five components moved in to form a whole circle and grasped the hands of each other. Once they were all connected, there was a flash of light. Bright and intense; it coursed around them, sluicing past with the ease of its substance. Existence seemed to have taken on a wind-like form, and Accent felt her weightless being adrift, hanging in a sea of nothing.  She finally landed on a chaotic roll and lay still; too still. Something did not feel right.  She got to her feet and noticed that a very dark cloud had formed above her.  Thunder roared, and lightning flashed around with the quick violence of its impersonal force.  A strong wind was picking up.  She saw the group huddle together trying to brace themselves against the wind.  Accent braced herself and pushed forward step by step until she got close to them.  She tried to speak, but the wind seemed to cut her off. She tried again and suddenly, like the small wind that caressed the face but was building into a violent storm, the realization dawned on her, it wasn’t the wind cutting off her voice.  She had no voice; none at all.  The others were trying to speak as well, but nothing was being said.  Then she saw inflection point to the ground.  No wonder they couldn’t speak.  Morphology was unconscious.  None of them worked without words.  Accessing the storm, Accent had to believe that they had landed on the body of someone old who no longer could process words.  She stomped her foot in exasperation and lent a grunt that only she had heard in her mind.
They were supposed to go to a child.  A child!
She reached out for hands again. They needed to get out of there.  Syntax grabbed one of Morphology’s hands, and she grabbed the other.  Once again, they entered the void.   When she woke up, she heard something.  She sat up quickly.  The storm was gone.  Everything seemed very airy though—like she was floating, and there was no gravity.  The sound of crying reached her ears.  Accent looked around the bright rainbow-colored area.  She couldn’t see any of the others.  She tried calling for them, but she couldn’t get anything out but a whine.  She tried again, and there was a moan.  She still had no words, no meaning, and no phrases—nothing, but…  Wait, she heard sound.  She looked around for the source of crying, and there she found Phonetics who was curled up in a corner by herself. Accent rushed to her and hugged her. Accent heard the whimper and understood what was going on.  They were trapped in the mind of a baby.  It was a better ground than the last but Accent knew that they needed constant nurturing which the child was too young to offer. None of the others would be able to survive here.  Accent grabbed hold of Phonetics hands and gave a reassuring nod.  They were going to get out of where it was that they had found themselves; she whispered and caught sight of Phonetics’ glinting eyes.  They both waited for the transference, but nothing happened.  Accent frowned and squeezed Phonetics’ hands tighter, still nothing.  They kept trying, but somehow, they were stuck.  Accent tried to fight the wave of panic that was crashing against her being.  They couldn’t be stuck here.  They needed the others.  They needed to be together. She dropped her friend’s hands in her perplexity.
What were they going to do?
Ambrosia
Her feet flew across the cobblestone as fast as they could fly, dashing quickly past the small dwellings of her people that had been deserted. She could feel the beads of perspiration that had formed on her forehead and that was now sluicing through her brows, dripping down her cheeks and falling on the already wet collar of her dress. Still, she ran, grateful that she could find the fortitude she needed to dispatch what may be her last duty to her people. The wind sometimes blew with a relentless fury across her face as she found her way through the path, dashing into this street and emerging from another. Still, she ran, holding the precious book against her chest in a prayerful gesture as if that alone was sufficient safe keeping. Her eyes continuously scanned the area for anyone or anything suspicious. Her heart thumped to a wild beat, fear gnawed into her, with the recklessness of an amateur drummer. Mary had hoped that she could trust all of her people, but there were those who had been so afraid to challenge the gods to the extent that they would betray the essence of their very being.
She stopped at the Omari's door, a giant oak construction that could only be opened from within. Her gaze journeyed up the right end of the street and then to the left end. There was nothing that she could sense to be suspicious asides the buzz of a single fly that perched to the left end of the door way.
Pray our lives are spared just as we have vowed to spare that life which belongs to you; Mary muttered a quick chant with a brief shut and opening of her eyes. She held her breath and gripped the book with a firmer right hand before removing her left to knock. The door slightly parted before her knuckle hit it and she caught the weary orb of a frightened human eye.  Her own eyes were wide with excitement and nervousness.  The door opened further and the lady who had opened the door ushered her inside.
“Come in! Come in! They have all been waiting for you.” The woman stole a quick look at the book in her hands.  “Is this all of it?”
“Yes,” Mary said gripping the thick manuscript in her hands.  “The scribes just finished, and I ran all the way here to deliver it.”
“Then come. Come downstairs.”
Mary followed the woman’s beeline through the wide expanse that she believed to once be the house of the Omari’s. It was now cleared so that only a few things remained, like the hanging lamp that flickered to illuminate the expanse. Mary traced the steps of the woman who led her to a back stairwell that further led down to a huge, dimly lit room.
The basement lacked the warmth that could be associated with a room full of people. The sharp cold air stung her nostrils like thorns on a cold morning. She ground her teeth to ease the discomfort. Her eyes slowly made out the members of the crowd that had gathered at Omari’s basement. All of the important leaders of the city and many common folks that she recognized were present but none of them was speaking when she descended the stairwell. She could see the glint in their eyes, the eagerness to pore over what it was that she held but it was Philip's old eyes which were the first to spot the newcomer’s package, and he ushered her forward.  He was the medium and some claimed that he was the only medium they had known ever since their people had found a voice.
With sharp hawk like eyes that he seemed to look beyond a person when he spoke rather than at the person, he had been elected to speak to the people from the gods and speak for the people to the gods. It was not a venture anyone could claim to have better expertise at, Philip embodied his vocation like it was the essence of his being and no one had had cause to complain of this.
Humans were not necessarily thoughtful beings and over the years they had offended in no small measure the gods which had created them and everything they enjoyed about them. Philip had warned them that the discontent of the gods which had blessed them above all creations but they had stopped listening; even their hearts witnessed them when they went astray from the path that had been made for them. The people neither listened nor showed a change of heart. That was until the white storm. Weeks ago, several of the children of prominent leaders suddenly died. There had been no warning or sign. Like the prodigal son of a merciful father, the people fell back to their gods for restitution of mercy.  Philip had then told them what he had heard, the judgement was passed. A total wipe out had been the subject of the gods’ decision, no one was to be spared and there was nothing any one could do about it now.
Mary thought he looked the same way as he had in the days of the prophecy as he did now when she handed Philip the book.  Scribes had worked day and night to record their history and language in one solid form that could be hidden before the gods exact their punishment. Philip wasn't convinced but went along with the people.
“I do not think this plan will work,” he said examining the book.
“We must try something,” A voice cried from within the crowd. “If we lose this, we lose everything.”
“We should bury it!” another said.
“Hide it by the cliffs!” still another.
Just then, they heard the door open from upstairs and everyone in the room froze. Mary wondered if the door had been shut when she came in, the woman who had opened the door for her threw her a glance that indicated that she might also be thinking the same. The footsteps fell upon the steps, each with a considered firmness. The wind suddenly seemed sucked out of the room as a male figure appeared floating downwards the stairwell. Mary watched as the others did in awe until Philip fell, feebly to his knees with a small cry. The mind went into a temporary numbness and for a moment no one else knew what to do but fall to their knees. The man looked around and spoke softly.
“I am Aye, the god of destruction.  The time has come for your people to be removed from history.”
“No!” a cry echoed from the body of people.  The people began at once to cry out their pleas.  Aye stole a glance at the book in Philips' hands. With a wave of his fingers, the book flew into his hands.  The people gasped with one common breath.  Aye looked at the book.
“You would try to hide this from the gods?” Aye roared.
“Please! Give us a chance!” Mary begged.
“We have,” Aye said.  “Years waiting for you to come back to the course we have set for you.”
“I beg you for one more,” Philip said from his knees. His old eyes looked up to the manifestation.  “One more chance that we may prove we have changed.”
All was quiet for a moment.  Then Aye said, “Fine. I will grant you one more chance.”
A little euphoria tore through the crowd and someone managed a loud heaving sigh. Aye held up his hand.
“In two weeks, I require Ambrosia be brought to me right here. Only then will your people be spared.”
Instantly, Aye and the book disappeared.  Amongst gasps and murmurs, Mary looked at Phillip and asked about the simple condition of their salvation which had immediately begun to plague them.
“What is Ambrosia?”
Blame
Margie stared at the book she held before, pacing the small confines of her room, they were letters before her eyes, a lot of alphabets brought together to form words, words linked together to form sentences but…
"Oh my gosh! This is just so hard!" She whined aloud at last and flung both her arms up to the ceiling, still gripping the book firmly. Heaving in irritation at the troubles she had been facing and quitting from the small pacing she had been doing since the early evening, Margie walked away from the door and threw her book on the bed and collapsed with her back on the bed, the dorm room still ringing with the sounds of her frustration. She could not curse but she felt the small splendor of that exotic language coming up her throat. She swallowed. Margie's communications book flopped off the bed as she bounced, the notebook dropping off the far side and the pen bounce in a rapid tap off the linoleum floor.  The activity seemed to symbolize the turbulent disturbance which was going on in her mind; a frenzied jumble of confusion brewing endlessly in an infinite loop and like a remorseless demon gripping her mind and wringing it so that she could do nothing but whine. Of course, the letters where there on the pages and she tried to assimilate the information they were supposed to relay but she just could not bring them to mind.  They just bounced along her consciousness, willy-nilly, never settling into a place that could make sense. She brimmed with fury when she thought of all the time she had wasted that whole evening of reading something that apparently was written to make sense but just did not to her.
She lay on her back staring off into the empty space of her ceiling which contained no more than she was grasping from the books. She heaved in exasperation and turned her gaze across the room where eyes spotted the device which blinked occasionally on the dresser.  It was charging again. She had come to rely on her smart phone so much at school that it always needed charging.
She cooed as a soft air escaped her lips. Unlike most of her peers the charging did not function to aid a social media addiction, if it were that she would have been thankful. It mostly contained voice notes of her lectures.
During her first days in college, she had hoped that her acts were met with the same inconspicuousness of the other teenagers who texted away during class. After a while when her phone did not ring as frequently as the others did, she suspected that she wasn't fooling anyone.  The phone would lay by the table, the appreciated but denied messiah of her college education. It was a struggle to keep this messiah long enough to fulfil its mission. It often did.
She thought back to how she felt in high school.  There, the phone trick had served its purpose without raising eye brows. College was different in all respect. At her high school, every staff of its academia knew that Margie struggled with letters.  Reading just didn't work, like a bull carrying its own china shop about, the letters kept clashing around her when she tried to read them. She had resolved to quit schooling at some point but had changed her mind when she was in middle school and Mrs. Edigner, the teacher that spoke with a foreign accent had realized the problem.  Mrs. Edigner had tape recorded herself reading the assignments she gave, and handing Margie the tape.  That had been the turning point in Margie's academic life.  She could complete assignments just like her classmates had. They had been so simple to figure out she wondered if she had been given a different paper. Elated when she received her marks she had kept the secret between herself and Mrs. Edigner.  All Mrs. Edigner’s reading materials were recorded, and duly handed to Margie who studied them as best as she could; an appreciation of the charity that was brought her way. Margie's grades soared in Mrs. Edigner's class. A silent understanding passed between Mrs. Edigner and other teachers and soon enough tapes were placed on the girl's desk in class after class. Margie’s grades excelled with each class as the tapes were handed her.
Living in a small school district had been a boon, apparently and Margie never really thought about it. She was too busy studying after all.  In the end, Margie had graduated in the top ten of her high school class. Similar to the case of people with lisp who cannot pronounce their own situation, Margie had come across the word dyslexia during one of her classes but had been too impatient to know the meaning of the difficult word, only to ponder on the word in her cogitations after listening to a tape. No one spoke of it and no one linked it aloud with Margie. At some point later, she had realized the issue and made at it. Most of the materials she found on dyslexia were huge corpus of professional work; she laughed at the irony and made a mental note of it. She had shrugged the issue aside when she was accepted to the top state college with a scholarship.
Well, look at this mess now; she breathed to herself as she pulled herself up to a sitting position.
Papers lay scattered all over the room, with her chicken scratch on it and some notes that barely made sense to her.  The books, the books, well, no matter how hard she tried, how many pep talks she gave herself, they still kept their secrets, didn’t they?
She had begun recording all her lectures on her phone.  It was a simple task to sit at the very front of the class, set the phone on the edge of her desk and set the app to record.  Some students, she thought, had noticed and the giggling usually came from the back. Most of the other students also had their phones placed nearby their seats but it was the usual. They would catch them tap the screen twice, sometimes their phone chimed in a low tone when a message dropped in but hers never did.
Why?  How did this happen?  How was she so unprepared for what she was trying to do here? She sighed as she tried to reach, one last time for the communications book that lay with a page wide open on the floor.
With a start, she saw it. It wasn't her fault! It was the dyslexia, it was nobody’s fault but the fact that she was sitting here, failing, well, that had to be someone's fault.  All those who sat back, helped her for the moment, but didn't look for a solution that would stand the test of time.  It was their fault. She felt the bite of agony at the perceived betrayal.
And with that thought, all her frustration and anger at her struggles bubbled up and over, flowing far and wide.  It carried her to the browser on her laptop where she typed in the search word “Attorney”.
She would make them all pay for her current situation.  She might need her roommate to read out the information she would find on the web, but it would be the stepping stone to an education lawsuit against the school districts that had led her through schooling but had not prepared her with an education that suited her situation.  There it was.  Someone would be made to fix this.
The screen delayed for a moment and then lit up with search results and her mind whirled at the information.
Electronic Communication
The charging stations at Martinique are always full of devices being charged.  Some were large communication contraptions and some were little devices that could be held and handled at the same time. There were bright blue lights above every one of these devices, blinking on and off which showed signs of this much needed energy that it was absorbing into itself. The charging stations were huge steel erections that stood over the neighborhood like doomsday alien machines, and almost unlike anything the human race had ever built, they had been so effective that they had been built at least one station on each street corner.  The centers were not without use as the people of Martinique put the huge beastly constructions to the employment they had been built for.
Everyone in the community had at least two or more electronic devices that they relied on.  The most challenging thing for most people was the panic when a charging station was down, when they could simply watch battery life melt away. Tales of trauma, like watching a child dying of a very treatable ailment when a hospital had been shut down, the people of Martinique indeed suffered greatly when their device battery life was down.
In the beginning, however, it had not been so. The order started long ago when the community of Martinique had not been so dependent on their technology.  The development of tablets, smartphones, laptops and other devices had been heralded as advancements in communication and productivity and soon, everyone had at least one item at hand at all times.  The process of scheduling and keeping track of business appointments caused the first owners of these devices to purchase them, but this soon rapidly expanded into written messages which were referred to as electronic mails (the younger generation called them e-mails). Soon, businesses and then even families were using emails to communicate amongst themselves. These devices helped in no small manner and some of the advantages they conferred were that these communications could be sent at any time of day, regardless of the other person’s schedule.  After all, they would be able to retrieve it when they were available.  Soon, instead of regular speech or cellular means of calling a loved one, they resorted to sending messages. It was easier and without the barrier of spending useful hours on an end to end simultaneous communication. It came as little surprise that cell phones became obsolete over two decades of this rapid technological advancement.  It was social media, like a defiant usurper ignorant of its own strength which replaced the ordinary communication system of speech. Soon it became a mainstay of everyday life in Martinique.  The argument remained that one could keep in touch with an entire world of social and business networks with simply a touch of a screen.
In short order it seemed all communication, organization and planning on all devices was carried out by means of these social media.  The wheel of communications technology spun faster and easier efficiency.  Families in the same abode communicated across their houses using devices, to call children to dinner, to consult on homework, to perform the most mundane of tasks; whoever was doing the dishes was determined on social media.
The people of Martinique prospered just as their verbal communications withered until speech in the community became so rare it was almost foreign to the ears of those who heard it.
It remained this way until a certain day when messages had come from St. Sebastian, a town nearby, following a flooding catastrophe.  The St. Sebastian levees had failed and failed so completely that the town was being evacuated. The message thus was simple:
Could the town of Martinique provide shelter for their people?
The town of Martinique obliged and voices were heard in the streets again.  The evacuees came first in small groups, three or four people at a time, carrying their belongings that they could carry, but soon, they came in droves, the streets full of bedraggled, exhausted people.
“Where is the mayor’s office?  We need to meet with the mayor to get help.”  A large gentleman, in a vest struggling to cover his ample girth, pushed forward, shoving his way ahead of the first larger group.
Sean, one of the citizens of Martinique raised his head from the vocation on the device that had occupied him and pointed the way and waved him on. The man squinted in consternation. Sean held out his tablet, typed a message and tried to send it to this man. The man did not bulge to check if his own device was alerted of his message. The large man simply stared at him without understanding.
“Man, what are you doing?  Which road should I go on?  Where is his office?  Look at all these people.  We need help and shelter.  The mayor sent a message that we could be sheltered here.  But I didn’t get any more information before we had to leave.  The waters have covered everything.” the man cried in desperate breaths.
Sean tapped his screen again, to no avail.  By now, people of Martinique were coming out of their homes, devices in hand.  They tapped on their screens but got no responses from the newcomers.  The newcomers stared at them in exhausted bewilderment, clutching their children and bags.
A woman reached out to an incoming group, silently gesturing towards her home, waving the distraught newcomers in.  The evacuees, at first hesitant, soon followed her in.  In short order, the resident had abandoned attempting to use her tablet, and simply handed things to her guests.  Water bottles, crackers for the children, and gestured them to chairs and couches, places to put their bags down.  Then they stared at each other, the woman with surprise at these foreign people that were so removed from the vehicle of communications civilization that they still babbled in verbal language. They probably thought she was abnormal herself, the shared glances they gave each other and the smiles at her that were not quite wholesome.
“Thank you.  Thank you so much.  It was such a long walk, so much was lost in St. Sebastian.  The flooding came so fast.  I don’t think our home will make it.”  Tears streamed down the face of one of the evacuees that had been helped in transparent liquid ribbons.  Her young daughter clutched her leg, holding tight to someone that felt safe in the confusion her life had become.
The homeowner wanted so much to give words of comfort, to give the woman hope.  But how could she do that without a device?  For so long, that was all she had used.  All anyone had used.  She typed out a message on her screen and held it out to the other woman.
After it was read, the evacuee looked up in thanks and clutched her hand.  “Thank you.  I know we will find a way and thank you for being willing to help us.”
Falsified
She stared at the numbers again and her eyes twitched. They always twitched when she was nervous and now nervousness would be an understatement of what she truly felt.  The relentless anxiety welled inside of her and her throat felt parched as it had the entire morning. At first, she had thought it was just her body reacting to the need for water but there it was. The data before her was depressing and no matter how smart she worked it or any maneuverers she could come up with, it was a wall that refused to give way.  She had juggled through the information over and over until her neck ached. She had tried documenting one piece after another, changing the viewpoint, altering her theories, anything to keep those numbers looking better, but they just couldn't ignore this. The truth stared nakedly refusing to be wholly covered by any garb of deceit she could envelop it with.
The study was dead.  It was over, she sighed.  Even she, with her complete ability to rephrase, rework, put a spin on things, just couldn't make any of the data fit with what she wanted to say any longer.  Sadly, the reality was going to show that all those numbers she had juggled before were nothing more than numbers, nothing more than playing a shell game.  This was going to be bad, on a very big scale.
She let her fingers caress the edges of the document she held and her neck inclined backwards, a heavy breath came out of her parted lips. The truth was there daring her to do whatever she could, taunting her intelligence but she knew better than to continue with the silly tussle. It was always best to not struggle when you were certain to lose.
A bell rang.  The green feathers of the parrot gleamed in the sunlight that filtered in through the bright pink curtains that covered the window. The sun was bright across the day sky and the gentle breeze which caused the curtains to caper in small slow dancing, swept into the room cooling it. The animal lifted itself in a stride and was soon nuzzling the blue plastic fish which was now its favourite toy in the cage. His feet were heard clicking along the perch as he took a walk over to his food bowl, whistling a bit as he went. The room dropped into a distracted silence in between the parrot’s unintelligible noise while it ate.
The chimp, Alexa, was sleeping, bundled into her blanket, looking relaxed and satisfied.  Why shouldn't she be?  After all, they provided her every comfort they could.  Their training sessions were rigorous, so they really went out of their way to be sure that she had the best of everything.  Even so, nothing changed.  The data still mocked her with its startling truth.
Both animals could utter a few words this was undeniable and actually between the two they had quite a large vocabulary.  Alexa, the chimp could use the sign language effectively and Emerald, the parrot, used verbal words inimically of the human voice patterns that he could deduce. Emerald's speech was perfect, clear and precise.  Alexa's signs were definite, and she could spit them out rapid fire.  It all looked so good.  The vocabulary, the accuracy, and the details they had worked into the training programs.  How could they have all come to this?
But Angela could no longer deny the truth.  And the truth was going to bite them in the butt.  It could not be hidden any longer.  All these years of work; of a comfortable lifestyle, of the wonderful research facility they had built would soon be over in a snap of a finger. The thought alone brought a cold shudder alive; a cold shudder looking for a spine to run up and finding none. The thought that their fantastic lives had all been built on a foundation of sand was too wild a radical truth to accept even though it now stared back at her from the paper before her.
They had known it when they had started, but believed so much in what they hoped for, that they ignored it. And then, well, with all the conveniences and luxury that came with pursuing their dream, they just couldn't acknowledge that it was a lie.  She had known it for quite some time but it had never revealed itself in this manner.  She was in charge of the data, and it had always been there in black and white, a soft ripple carelessly dismissed brewing into wild wave. A wild wave she could accept, a few disturbances here and there in business but a tsunami. Nothing could withstand a tsunami.
So, she had fudged things and so was everyone. From the careful tax avoiding sales employee to entire business organizations who wanted to secure contract. Bogus information was always a part of business. So, she had changed what she looked to record and reported only what she must to the investors, she wasn’t the first.
Now, however, there was no way to rework things, to report something different.  When she did, they would also realize that she had known all along that their theories were wrong, that the entire endeavour had been a sham since shortly after it had started.
She placed a finger on her head and pressed on a spot to ease the throbbing.
Her husband, her Tom, was going to have to face it too.  Like her, he must have known.  They had both tried to not overtly discuss faking the data, or fudging the research strategies, but they both knew they had directly done it, intently and together.
She looked at the animals again.  So, their theories were bunk; that was obvious. The research centre was based on something that was at best an ignorant assumption and at worst an outright lie.  Though the animals both could use over 500 words, never had they strung them meaningfully together.  They could use the knowledge to name items, to at times ask for a specific food item or activity, but nothing as complex as sentence construction.
Language would remain the realm of humans only.  That was the fact.  All their lives were going to be exposed.  Their home, their fancy life, the cars, the work, the accolades, it was all going to be gone.  No one would overlook this.
Her fingers ran through her hair as she composed the document to the investors, relating the latest research findings.  Even the most basic numbers revealed the sham.
In and Out of Existence
Lea jerked upright with an effortless force she perceived ran within but could not make out from where it had come. An almost lightheaded dreamy tension grabbed her focus.  She breathed in stunted heaves and the air in the room where she had found herself smelled of nothing natural. The panic that seized her at first released her gently, like the sharp bites of a shark which had torn into her just a few moments ago but now it was different, the teeth were blunter. She took easy breaths and her eyes travelled through the room. Everything about the room gave of an augury of a strange and eerie presence. A simple rectangular construction, all that surrounded her was a concrete floor bare of any dressing and white walls. The only spectrum of light that filtered into the room appeared to come from the silhouette of a person that stood against the far end of the wall. It had not talked or moved, and Lea held her breathing as soon as she sighted the figure; sorely afraid that any noise might trouble it. The light did not come from it, it merely seemed to stand in front of the source. A thousand thoughts assuaged her senses at once. There was one about how she got here in the first place.
“Who are you? What am I doing here?” she cried in a teary voice, hiccups gave away her panic.
“I am here to give you a gift,” the figure which seemed suddenly aware of her said in a raspy male voice.  The figure had not answered her questions but the fact that it spoke and, in a language, she understood gave her a strange sensation of safety. The familiarity of language had been achieved.
“What gift?” She managed to ask, trying difficultly to suppress the pleas which she was almost bursting with. The figure approached with a nimble swiftness and was soon before her. If it was anything he surely did not look like someone who she wanted a gift from.
“The gift of power over words.” She heard what he seemed to say but she could swear that her eyes did not see his lips move. “You are asleep right now. When you wake up, you will have the power for twenty-four hours to speak anything into existence.” he continued in the same fashion.
“Really?” she breathed the words but a hovering suspicion caused her to move back. “Anything?”
“Anything. But be careful. When the twenty-four hours is up, anything you changed will be permanent.” the voice warned. A finger snap sound echoed and he was gone.
Lea jolted awake in her perspiration. The rain outside still drizzled against the window pane and the clouds hung over the sky in a bunch creating a perpetual dusk. A quick glance around the room and she cupped her face, muttering a quick thank you to the deity that had rescued her from the dream. She peeped through her fingers and confirmed that she was no longer in the strange room with the strange man. She was in her bed; her very own bed. It had been a strange dream which still startled Lea when she heard a bang on the door. Before she could answer, her sister barged into her bedroom.
“I need to borrow a dress,” she said without looking at Lea, simply meandering her way to the wardrobe.
“I don't want you to because you never take care of them.”
The tantrum was readily ignored as her sister begun to scour through the clothes to search for the one she had desired.
Lea growled, “I really wish that you didn't exist.”
And Lea's mouth dropped because as soon as she had said the words, her sister was gone. There was teleportation or scenic effect to the fact. Her sister just wasn’t anymore and as strangely as it was Lea could not even remember she had existed. Lea jumped out of bed and reached through the room only she had possessed her entire life as the only child of her parents. Her mind flashed back to the dream. And she wasn’t sure if it was a dream or something she had just thought up. No thoughts of a sibling registered. She was gone without even the entire world noticing.
She went downstairs to breakfast. Her parents were already eating when she arrived; two proud parents, smiling at their only child as she climbed down the stairs. A perfunctory look at the cereal on the table for breakfast and she spun upstairs back to her room, shutting the door behind her.
“I wish I could have hotcakes, sausage, and eggs instead of these same old cereal meals” Again, almost before she said the words, there was a plate before her filled with the food she had wished for. Lea was so excited that she could hardly wait to go through her day.
She went through her day making all the wishing that she had harbored within her, little expressions of her private vanity
“I don't want there to be any homework due in school,” and there was none.
“I want Luke to ask me out on a date,” and he came up to her at lunch and talked with her.
The crowd had cleared after school and Luke had promised to call later the same day.  She sauntered through the streets that led to her house and thought of the so many things she could create with this gift if she could call it that.
“I want a million dollars. I want to always be happy. I want to be able to drive and have a brand-new car!” she reeled, breath after breath.
She kept going with whatever she could think of, and that was when something strange started to happen. First, she saw a car disappear. Then she saw a building disappear. Then she saw the trees disappear.
“What is happening?” She cried out. Her feet did not obey the impulse of her brain which had made it paraplegic with fear; it carried her with a rushing dash towards her house. Rounding the corner of her street, she stopped in her tracks and screamed. Her house—it was gone. Lea fell to her knees.
“Stop! Stop! Whatever this is!”
“Those aren't the right words,” the voice of the one from the dream came from behind her. Spinning around, Lea spun around facing the man. She grabbed his hands.
“What is happening?” she screamed.
“I gave you a gift, and you abused it. There is great power in words, but if you do not speak the right things, they can bring great harm. You chose to speak out of selfishness, and that brings destruction.”
“But—I don't want this to happen,” she said waving her hands around her.
The man smiled. “You still have time to use your gift. What will you say, Lea? What will you say to bring life instead of destruction?”
Lea thought to herself as she steeled herself against the fear that threatened to consume her. Everything around her was fading away. She knew that she had to make things right. Taking a deep breath, she began to speak.
It Wasn’t Hers to Take
At least she looked like one of the other kids in school. Caroline had never thought herself to be any different. There were times though when she wished, a lingering wish that always came crashing down with the solitary answer that no matter how much she wished she could not change the way she was. She was born that way and there was no way anyone else who had the same experience of being born could tell her she had been at fault for being born deaf. They could say all they wanted about her but she was just one of the kids.
Like a diver who was floating through the belly of a gigantic sea, coursing through the unfamiliar with ease, Caroline waded through life with ease in the territory she only had to get used to. When she was little, it almost felt like a game between her mother and her; they communed at a plane akin to telepathy; that place where no verbal communication could hold human relationships. They communicated with every part of their being; their hands, eyes, fingers, heads and hearts and Caroline could not have asked for a better life although the small jealousies of what others perceive to be their normality crept up in her. She found compensation in those nights alone at the dinner table when they would both giggle at their common jokes that those whose lips moved in vibrant speech could not understand.
Later, it had been her and the other students at the School for the Deaf and Hearing. Some of those kids who once had hearing could learn to speak after some time. Forging the most rudimentary sounds after a week of their arrival, some could construct sentences after some months; Caroline knew this because she could see the clapping hands of the teachers, applauding the brilliance of those they tutored. Caroline tried but like every foreign sense that the human body had not quite adjusted to, she was never quite sure if she was forming the words correctly, even as the instructors showed her how to shape her mouth and hold her tongue. She figured signing would work to communicate with hearing people, and if they didn’t know it, she could write messages. So, it was that she, as would a child learning the patterns of spoken words and speech inflections to create effect, tried her best but still carried on through most of her life in words that couldn’t be heard, but only seen in gestures of hands or strokes of pens.
When she turned eighteen, she had earned her place at the state university, one of the few with situations that had found a way to get past them. The school had provided a translator for her on the first day which proved most useful. She watched the gyrating hands, nodding in understanding and giggling at some joke the professors might have made long after the other students had their own share of the information. The fact that she got it was all that mattered to her and not when she did.  The initial challenge was the concentration problem she soon triumphed over, trying to look at a demonstration the professor showed in a PowerPoint presentation while also watching her translator.
A strange thing had happened when the university had required some medical information sometime in her sophomore year and when she had asked for her medical records to be transferred to her new doctor closer to the university, her mother took weeks. She had caught the distress on her face when she had made the request. A slight panic in her mother’s eyes that she quickly dismissed when her mother had chalked it up to some tax issues that she should not worry her sweet pretty head about. Then there had been the delay which had only taken Caroline asking her mother’s best friend, Lea, to get the records sent to her. The records had arrived the very next day after Lea had gotten them.
The doctor’s office was neatly kept and his stethoscope dangled from a metal holder when Caroline was ushered in by an assistant. A silent courteous bow was quickly exchanged and the doctor motioned her to the seat opposite him, in front of his large desk on which sat a sole rose plant.
The doctor signed to her when she was seated.
“I found something strange during your exam.” he swung his fingers in a series of definite pattern which registered in Caroline’s head.
“What?” she responded with the same.
“When I examined your ears, there was no indication of any structures that would indicate that you were born without hearing. It appears that your cochlea was damaged. It is missing the small hairs that translate sound waves into nerve impulses. Did you suffer from a traumatic injury when you were young?”
Caroline’s eyes went wide and it took a moment to recover from her discovery.
“No.” she replied.
The doctor’s brow furrowed in consternation, and he flipped through the pages of Caroline’s chart once again. “It’s very strange there is no record of how you lost your hearing.”
“But I’ve never been hearing.”
“You were.” he stopped with a definite sign and eased.
The meeting had continued with the doctor giving her a small lecture on how the aural senses function and malfunction.
She had then brooded over the doctor’s diagnosis through the spring quarter, the thought slowly vanishing from her conscious as the summer break approached before she could ask her mother about it.
Soon it was upon them and on her first night, Lea had invited them out on a treat. The trio sat at a table as she talked about her classes and the errands of school. The meeting with the doctor crept back to her thought and her motions paused slowly from the tale she had been gesticulating. A sad countenance at once fell on her.
Lea with the same motherly affection that she could be offered by her own parent, rubbed the back of her hand to grab her attention.
“Is something the matter?” Lea queried with a soft look in her eyes
Caroline looked at her mother. “Yes.”
“What?” her mother responded with an urgent sign.
“When did I lose my hearing?” she asked.  The question hit like a thunderbolt and Mother’s face went pale with panic. She got up, stumbling over her chair and took sharp deep breaths. She needed air and she quickly sauntered out of the diner. Caroline could see tears glistening in her mother’s eyes. She didn’t understand. She looked to Lea with a lost gaze.
“You were probably two years old,” Lea signed. “Your mother...”
“My mother what?!”
“You were born hearing, and she was so upset. She was afraid that you would look down on her, not want to be around her, find her different ability to navigate the world an obstacle in your own.” Lea rested her hands on the table for a moment and then lifted them again. “I think she wanted a daughter like her.”
“So, she stole my hearing, my voice! How?” Caroline’s demeanor registered no anger.
“She and I went to concerts quite often. Your mother liked watching the musicians and feeling the vibrations of the music in the amps. She began bringing you along after you were born. I never understood why,” she paused, “But I guess it all makes sense now. She wanted you to speak like her, through signing.”
Caroline stood up with a tired huff.
She wanted to give her mother an earful, and the thought that she couldn’t. She had understood that nature had taken away her mother’s hearing but she could not understand why her mother took away hers.
Mannequin
“I'm so happy to meet you!  Ben has told me so much about you, I feel like I have known you for years!" A blonde with a clear blue pupil inclined over with a polite nod and stood hunched over on the doorstep fairly bubbling with enthusiasm, and then reached out to shake Doreen's hand. From a long tradition of courtesy, Doreen returned the greeting with a polite smile but still tried to break the confusion that gripped her from this most unexpected meeting. She stared blankly in puzzlement, her mouth releasing the air that escaped from her slightly parted lips.
Excitedly, the blond whose presence and hospitality Doreen could yet understand plucked her left arm with a jollity and passed hers through the bow that was made between Doreen’s arm and her body.  Doreen blinked in perplexity, raking her mind, desperately trying to make a connection, to find out who this stranger was, to pull together this encounter with something familiar. It came like a vague wind and disappeared just as soon as it had come. She could sense something but just couldn’t place her mind on it. The lady chattered on even as they entered the familiar spaces of the house and peering around to take in the surroundings. Few words filtered through Doreen's shock from the continuous rambling.
Ben, talking, hoping to meet you, can't wait to see him, how excited...  the rest went on and on.
Ben was her 21-year-old son who was always down the hall in his study, sitting before the computer, listening to music that she had put on for him.  He had as he always been like that since that awful day. Doreen shook the thought from her consciousness and allowed the fine freedom the blonde was giving her thoughts roam.  The doctors had said he was in there somewhere, inside that shell of a body that the accident had trapped him in, but she had not seen any indication of that since.  His eyes were open, he seemed to perhaps watch things, but maybe that was her wishful thinking.  She did see his hands move, but no voice echoed from his throat, no smile creased his face.  They called it "locked in syndrome".
And it did live up to its name; it locked him in and locked everyone else out. Doreen had always contemplated how much longer she could cope with his situation since the doctors had maintained he was in there. As much as Doreen’s heart wanted to believe it, the lack of purposeful responses from him had continually dashed her hopes, to the point where she did the best she could to provide him with those things that he might enjoy.  Music that he loved before, new artists that might have appealed to him had he been able to tell her, movies that she thought he would have enjoyed had she had the chance to ask him before the accident.  Her efforts seemed so little, so insignificant but she did what she could, steeling herself against the nagging thoughts that screamed the fact that she might be deluding herself with the whole affair that he might be in there somewhere. She tried to reach him, still. She kept the routine, including reading aloud to him every night.  He used to love reading and she now sought out books that he would have enjoyed before and added in new things to pretend she was broadening his experience. She couldn't stop trying, couldn't let go, and couldn’t stop pretending that maybe he heard her.
Ben never spoke. Her offerings like that offered to a deaf god, did not appease him enough to emerge from the shell which he had been locked in since that day. She reminisced the days she had wept just to hope to hear his voice again; holding a picture of him in a more youthful age smiling blissfully unaware of what might be. She had saved the few recordings she had of him speaking including the last voicemail message he ever left her, just to hear the timber and tones of his voice.  It was surprising that it hadn't been worn off the tape before she got it re-recorded to put it on an audio file on the computer, so she could hear him, just one more time.
These days, Ben's body just lay there.  Anyone could see that.  There were older family photos all over the house.  Ben when he was just a baby, a toddler creeping his way through the large body of the adults who cheered him on. Ben when he was still a more active youth; either playing baseball or water skiing but always with a laugh or a smile.  And then there were those with the new normal with Ben.  Ben seated in his wheelchair, under the tree, in the front yard; the setting sun shining on his glossy hair. But still and silent his eyes never showing signs of awareness to his surrounding, as always.  Ben in family photos, but always seeming like the statue in the room, a mannequin placed in the grouping.  Somehow, even though she didn't believe he was really there, she tried to ensure that he was photographed for every event he attended; his sister's wedding, the baby's baptism, the church picnic, all of it.  Still and silent.  Some days she could tell herself that he was taking it all in, and that it meant something to him, but other times, in her despair, she felt that maybe she should face that only his body lived on.  And those were dark days.  Days when she went in and held her son's hand, cried, and told him how much she loved and missed him.
Whatever this blond stranger was saying; Ben had invited her to come over?  What?  The lady had to be insane.  She glanced at the distance she had gone by the phone as the flashing thought of calling the police occurred to her.  In her shock, she realized that she was being dragged down the hall and arrived in the study with Ben.  Ben, still and quiet.  Same as always.  No movement, no sound, no change.
The blonde bubbled her way over to the man and tapped a few things on the computer.  A blank screen came up.  Ben's hands moved over the keyboard.  They seemed to do sometimes, but nothing seemed of purpose. Doreen clasped all the fingers of her hand together and…
Or did they?
The cursor blinked and letters appeared.
"Mom.  Mom, I love you.  You have been so good to me.  This is Audrey.  We have been talking for a long time.  I have a girlfriend.  Can you read this?  Please, Mom, this is me, Ben.  All the time you have been here, I have too.”
The room spun wildly around her and she fumbled awkward trying to reach for something to steady herself. She heard the girl's voice reaching out through the fog of her mind.
“Mrs. Thomas?  I think you better sit down.”
More letters appeared on the screen.
“Mom, sit down.  It's okay.  You believed in me for so long, made me a part of life.  I just couldn't tell you I was here.”
Ben obviously had a lot to say.
Mr. Smiley
I have lived in this same town my entire life. Most people are born here, some grow up here, raise families here, and mostly, they die here. You don’t understand, do you? You are born, you may choose to live here and even die here, nothing new, no-one cares. There are lots of people in this town who have lived like this, but there is something different about our town now. Call it a curse or call it a strange occurrence or call it a curse with a strange occurrence, but there isn’t any laughter in our town. It’s not like we walked around sad all the time because it was hard living or because someone just died. It’s just that we have never experienced smiling or laughter or—joy.
And so, on and so on, life was bland in the town with a name that sounded merrily funny to anyone but those of us who live here. I mean, think of it. A bunch of people with weary faces came together to a strange land and someone suggested without a smile on their face, “Why not call this place… wait for it… Olearia,” flourishing bush of daisies.
Funny thing is that the people around agreed that it was fine and they went about their business with the same bland faces. Must be some group eh? Everything, however, remained the same every other day. So, when something different occurred, or something strange happened in town, it was quite obvious. Like take for instance the day Mr. Gesticulation moved in a funny way in town when he was trying to tell the Mayor how big his enterprise would be if they let him have the land he wanted for his business. The entire town had lips babbling with tales of how he had flung his arms about the air. It was a most disturbing thing, if I must confess. He was immediately arrested, and who knows perhaps he would remain there until he learns how to keep his hands to himself while he speaks.
Another strange incident happened a while ago and I would tell you just how it was told to me. How was it? Alright, I have it… Here…
We called him Smiley for reasons you would soon know and he walked into town on a Wednesday afternoon and straight he went to one of the local diners for lunch. He was immediately noticed when he walked up to Judy, the cashier, and smiled. I imagine the sight and how Judy must have been thrown aback at it.
“How are you? Beautiful day out, isn’t it? Just makes you want to bask in the sunshine.” he had said brimming with a smile, exposing his dentals in a way that looked like he was in pain and Judy had stared at him unsure of what to say. She was only twenty-seven, and she wasn’t sure what had happened to the man or what he was doing to his face.
“What are you doing? Are you okay?” She asked warily, withdrawing a step away slightly.
“What do you mean?” Smiley asked.
“Why do you look like that?” Judy pointed to her own face as she replied.
“I’m smiling,” he laughed and his entire dentals were revealed. Judy jumped at this most painful sight.
“Bob,” she called out, “There’s a guy here, and I think something’s wrong with him!”
Two men emerged from a corner of the diner, stood up and walked forward.
“Is this guy bothering you, Judy?” the one Smiley identified as Bob inquired with the dour expression still plastered across his face.
Smiley shook his head and said still smiling, “Gentlemen, I bring no trouble.”
Bob and the other man jumped back.
“What are you doing with your face? Are you insulting us?” Bob moved closer, his expression did not change but the way he fumbled with his fist was more menacing now. The two other men beside him still crackled their knuckles without saying a word.
Smiley’s shoulder dropped but his smile still remained.  Something about his smile was offending people and he could not understand their sensibilities. It was strange indeed. He quickly turned, put his hand up in a surrendering pose and left the diner. As he walked around town, he realized that no one smiled. Everyone he walked past simply nodded their courteous acknowledgement of the next person. When he smiled in politeness, they jumped back in fright. Finally, he decided to spend dusk in a small hotel where a young boy sat behind the desk.
“Hello, young man. I would like to get a room for a few nights?” The boy nodded and went about his vocation setting up the requirement for which Mr. Smiley might be able to obtain a room. While he set up his reservation, Smiley cleared his throat. “So, a man walks into a hotel, and the hotel worker says; ‘the room is seventy-five dollars a night, but its fifty dollars if you make your own bed.’ The man says to the worker, ‘I’ll make my own bed.’ The worker reached behind the desk and gave him a hammer and nails.”
The boy didn’t spare a laugh or smile, but he said, “That’s funny.”
“It is, huh? Then why do you not laugh or smile?”
“I don’t know what that is?” the boy said, his expression unchanging.
Smiley laughed out loud.
“Laughter is a language of life and joy. Try it. Just do what I did.” Mr. Smiley explained.  The boy shook his head in concern at what he had just seen. Smiley shook his head and reached to give him his money. When he did, he banged his elbow on the desk and winced in pain. The boy behind the counter burst into an uncontrollable laugher. Mr. Smiley could scarcely believe his ears. He had been walking through town for the past day and this was the first time he heard laughter.
“You’re laughing!” he joined in with the boy.
Just then, two police officers walked into the hotel. They looked at the boy laughing, and then at Smiley.
“Come with us, sir,” one of the officers said.
Smiley thought quickly. He took a deep breath and kicked the bottom of the desk and sucked in air at the pain. The two officers erupted in laughter. Smiley took the cue to make his escape. The cops immediately recovered from the laughter and started chasing after him. He ran down the street and tripped over a curb. Tumbling to the ground, he heard a burst of laughter. He looked up to see a little girl with her mother. Both were laughing at his mishap. The mother put her hand to her mouth.
“What is happening?” She cried in shock at what had just occurred and grabbed her daughter.
Smiley raised a hand to indicate that he meant no harm.
“I can explain,” he said.
“With what?” she asked nervously still holding her daughter closely to herself. “Who are you?”
He stood up and brushed himself off. “My name is Bill Smiley, and I think I’m here to save your town.”
Mutism
“Honey, now take a spin”, Maggie said with a flourish as she watched the little female child totter with her capering two feet, trying to swirl around, “there you go! Smile over your shoulder as you turn.” she continued
The child’s head turned as her little figure spun. The girl glowed and glittered in her pageant dress as she moved across the floor, her beautiful blue eyes holding a fine freedom that only she perceived. Her hair was blonde just like her mother’s but Maggie’s was whiter. Both their features were almost a mind numbing similar with the exception of one; Maggie shuddered when the thought returned. The little girl still continued her dance even while Maggie had stopped cheering but was watching in amazement. Mother and daughter’s eye caught during the spin and Maggie’s daughter giggled.
Maggie watched her daughter practice her routine with a love that was almost tangible like the cloth she pressed so dearly to her chest, while trying to suppress her concerns about the upcoming competition. Andrea, her daughter, was the entire package - beauty and grace, looks and personality. However, this particular pageant was a step up from their previous competitions, and this brought a new challenge - a challenge that may be impossible to conquer, unless she could find a way to help Andrea.
If they could only skip the interview portion; she thought silent to herself.
The house remained silent, except for the music and the sound of Maggie’s voice. It had been this way since she sent the boys to camp. Without the activity of the twins - their voices ringing throughout the house – the house had become empty and bereft. Andrea continued her practice gracefully, maintaining her silence just as she had done for the last year and a half. When the three-year-old had been about a year old, she had babbled and talked as she played and that had been all she had offered.
The pediatrician had not been concerned; they told Maggie to “give it time” as the rest of the child's development was right on track, if not advanced. It was just a phase; just a hiccup, they had claimed.
Months and months had flown by but the child had refused to respond to every means of verbal intercourse. They had tried again after the wait and the doctor counselled her on not being an overprotective and hovering parent, and on getting the child out into activities.
Then, at the next check-up, the doctor noted that Andrea’s mind may have formed the idea that her family was speaking for her, and most likely, her adoring older brothers were talking for her so much that she had no needs to voice her opinions.
These visits had simply become another source of stress and frustration which wore exhaustedly on both parents. The daughter merely stared blankly at the doctor during the sessions.
However, Maggie and Andrea, like any mother and daughter, got along just fine. But the worries never ceased to pick away at Maggie. At the end of her rope, she had sent the boys to a teen camp for a session in the summer. Perhaps without the support of her adoring 13-year-old brothers, Andrea would find a reason to speak with a voice that gave sense to what it was that went on in her head. The trip was only for a month, but this was the first separation for the siblings who were so close they were barely within hours of each other.
The alarming chime of the phone’s bell rang out over the sound of the music. It was startling in the relatively predictable quiet of the day. Maggie withdrew from her squat and planted a kiss on Andrea’ cheeks while the girl continued her dance. She moved towards the phone.
“Hi Mom! How are you? It's great here! We went rafting today and have a basketball game after supper, before the bonfire tonight!” Andrew, the eldest of the twins rapped in a voice punctuated with heaving amidst hurried excited breaths. Maury’s voice also filtered into the phone receiver and Maggie noted with a smile that he was most likely from right beside Andrew, given the sound of his voice.
“I caught fireflies last night! And a toad at the pond,” The distance voice of Maury seemed to be reporting.
They both competed to tell their stories as Maggie laughed with the thrilled of hearing her sons’ reports. She had not noticed Andrea’s lithe movement to her side. Andrea who had observed for some moment, turned up to her mother, listening intently to the burble of voices she could hear.
Slowly it dawned on the child that she was hearing her brothers on the phone, as they in turn shouted over each other to talk to their mother.
Maggie had barely caught sight of her figure before Andrea had reached up and pulled the phone from her grasp. Andrea had captured it and was delightedly listening and laughing, her entire face lit up.
“A toad, Maury? You caught a toad? Andrew, did you fall in the water? Don’t get sunburned,” Andrea’s vocal’s blurted out with an accompanying giggle.
Maggie blinked twice to acknowledge what had just happened and she stifled the gasp that sought to terrible to escape in a loud yelp. The voices over the phone silenced abruptly, and then resumed.
“Andrea? Is that you? Yeah, we have the toad in a can in our cabin, with grass and bugs. Wait, what happened at home? How are you?” Andrew managed to speak through his confusion.
Maggie rocked back on her heels, crouching before her daughter. In amazement, she listened as her children talked about camp, friends, and life at home. The boys had been momentarily shocked to hear their silent sister speaking, but their excitement must have carried over any shock that they felt. Maggie, on the other hand, had gone speechless and nearly breathless. Andrea was speaking. For the first time in months and months, Maggie was hearing her young daughter’s voice and no sweeter melody had entered her aural senses.
************
The next day, Maggie spent hours on the phone, calling a dozen specialists, trying to find a professional she could talk to about Andrea. Maggie had allowed herself hope that Andrea’s silence might have been permanently broken at the moment she spoke on the phone to her brothers, after that most amazing conversation of all, but it had not. Andrea had handed the phone back to her mother when she deemed she was finished catching up with her brothers’ adventures. Maggie had hoped that somehow, some way, her daughter could access her ability to communicate again. It had been disheartening to try to convince her daughter to speak again only to be met with more of the same; silence.
Finally, Maggie made progress. She related the story that seemed nearly unbelievable again, to yet another receptionist, begging for help yet again. And this time, her pleas were heard. Dr. Orton, he was who had agreed to see them. An appointment was set for the very next day.
************
“Well, I can tell you a little about what is going on with your daughter, with Andrea,” the doctor spoke quietly to Maggie, while Andrea was taken to a playroom by an assistant. The doctor spent almost three hours with them, first collecting information and history from Maggie and then interacting with Andrea. Through it all, Andrea was silent, but she did her usual social interaction with others. She wasn’t incapable of interacting; she just did not do so verbally.
“There is something called selective mutism…” the doctor moved to explain.
Only What They Want
Alana stood in the middle of the hut with her eyes glued to the gun that was pointed at her; the muzzle gaped with an eager menace, ready to release what was held in it. She could feel the cold sweat that poured out from the pores of her forehead. She reeled from the tension that made her stomach tighten and it took all she had in her to hold her sphincter from releasing the warm liquid that sat in her bowel.
A few weeks ago, she had no idea she would ever find herself in such a position and now it came to her, trickling into her consciousness like tap water from a broken faucet. She was trying to save the life of a little girl whom she loved very much from some men whose eyes held all the mien of mercilessness.
A few weeks ago, she was in America where she had lived a very self-led life. She was a saleswoman for a company that sold insurance and had excelled through the ranks of the business world owing to her silver-tongue and quick wit. An executive at the company had once joked during a briefing that she could sell venom to a snake and convince it not to bite. Assured but not flattered, she also knew she was good at what she did. Disillusionment came like a thief in the night; a thief that planted the realization that none of it made her happy. In a fit of pallid melancholy, thoughts of her loneliness plagued her. The boring monotony of her life caused her aches in the chest. She had talked to a friend about it.
“You need to get out of your own world,” the friend had advised in between mouthfuls of wine. “With all of your knowledge and money, you could easily support people who don’t have what you have.”
Alana had thought about that which sounded like a good idea until she resolved that she didn’t need to send money somewhere. She found out about a medical relief trip that an organization near her was sponsoring to a distant tribe in Africa. She had taken time off and signed up to go. Landing in a small plane in the hot humid air of Africa when the rest of the world froze over in a cruel winter and adapting to a foreign geography was hard enough but she had pulled through.
The friendliness of the African tribe thawed her heart to smiling pieces that she soon familiarized with them. A little African child she called Rae was the most spectacular of the group she stayed with. The child’s name had been a long series of alphabets that Alana couldn’t pronounce so she had taken the only syllable that she could wrap her tongue around. Although the child never spoke a word, her eyes carried a simple meaning of tenderness when she would smile and motion with her hands.
Alana was outside of the tribe early one morning for whet curiosity of the environment when she had seen the shadow among the trees. She heard the girl humming.  She moved in and caught the figure of Rae.
A startling excitement gripped her; Alana thought that the girl never made a sound her entire life. She followed the vibrations Rae created and watched as different jungle animals climbed out of their hiding and came up to the girl as she hummed. Some of them were obviously dangerous creatures; others were creatures that she neither seen on the television nor in a magazine. She clasped her mouth with a firm right hand and took steps back where she inadvertently stepped on a branch and she heard the humming come to a crashing halt.
“It’s just me,” Alana called when the child like a prophet emerging from the wilderness emerged from the bulrushes. The girl had a relaxed countenance.  Alana made a feeble attempt at a conversation, “You can talk, can’t you?”
The girl nodded. She took Alana’s hand and led the quivering woman to the bushes from which she had just emerged. She showed Alana the animals. Narrating with visible excitement what she had seen to Rae’s mother later, the woman had nodded.
“My daughter cannot speak, but she can hum. And her sounds call to the animals of the jungle. She speaks to them that way, and they listen to her. I have not told anyone because that gift in the wrong hands could be devastating.” the woman said without looking Alana in the face.
The incident was almost removed from Alana’s mind until a couple of days later when a few men walked into the tribe with sophisticated artillery. Alana and the workers were inside one of the huts when they heard gunshots and screams. The door to their hut had swung open and Rae ran inside frantically seeking a messiah amongst them. She found her mother and hid behind her. Soon two men marched in.
“Where is the girl?” the leader bawled.
“What girl?” Rae’s mother asked in a heavy accented English.
“The girl who sings to the animals,” the man answered kissing his teeth disdainfully. His men filtered into the room and started to walk around the hut. Alana glanced at Rae’s mother who struggled to keep the child hidden behind her.
“Um, listen,” Alana said with an uneasy smile stepping towards the men. “I’m a worker here from America. I don’t know what you are doing here, but…”
That was when the gun was turned on her. She stopped talking.
“Shut up. We want that girl. We've been hunting for a week now, and she has somehow controlled the animals and warned them every time we've gotten close. Then, we saw her today. She was humming to them. They were coming to her. They did what she said. We’re not leaving here until we get that girl.” He swung the gun around. “Or we will destroy this village until we find her.”
There was silence for a moment until Rae stepped from behind her mother; her eyes wide with apprehension.
“No,” her mother cried.
The men rushed forward and grabbed Rae. One of them gripped her arms tightly and snarled down at her. “You're going to get us a lot of money, kid,” he said.
Alana tried to grab one of the men but he had swung with an unpredicted force and pushed her to the floor. Alana watched as the men dragged Rae off with them out of the tribe. She held the mother who wept uncontrollably.
“Call to them, call to them!” her mother yelled after their fading shadows. Alana fell to her knees. Suddenly, she stopped.
“Wait,” Alaina said. “Listen!”
They were all quiet. Faintly, they could hear Rae humming loudly in the jungle. The lion’s roar that followed was belly deep.
Perfect Speech
Today was the day! Everything seemed to be perfect. Clarity paced about in excitement because today her human was going to give a big speech! For the longest time, she had watched her human, Abe grow as a leader into someone significant. She credited that to the team that worked to make his experience valuable to him as a human. That was part of her job. Walking into the control room, however, Clarity realized that something was wrong. There were a few others in the room murmuring amongst themselves.
“What’s going on?” she asked as she walked up. They all looked up at her.
“Clarity! You’re here! Oh, it’s awful! It’s awful!” Energy breathed heavily as she bubbled up and down on her feet. She wore the emotional stress of the team on her.
“Calm down, Energy,” Rate said slowly. “It’s not that urgent.”
“Well, what’s going on?” Clarity asked.
“It’s our human,” Concise said. Clarity rolled her eyes; another episode.
“What about our human?”
“He’s scared,” Concise said. Clarity looked at Confidence for some help.
“Abe doesn’t want to give his speech because he is afraid. We are trying to come up with a plan to help him be prepared for it.”
“I think that we should talk to him,” Pronunciation said in her dignified tone. “Sometimes, the very thing that we are afraid of is that we will not say things correctly, and others will see us as a failure.”
“Yeah, I don’t think that’s the issue at all!” Volume yelled out.
Energy still bubbled over, “Why is there yelling? Is there another problem?”
Volume received a frown from Non-verbal and shrunk back.
“Sorry,” he said softly.
“I will go and talk to him,” Pronunciation said. She disappeared into the thought room where they all communicated with Abe. Clarity paced back and forth. Why would Abe be nervous? He wasn’t the best speaker, but that hadn’t stopped him before. Pronunciation soon came back. She shook her head.
“I’ll take a chance,” Confidence said with a knowing smile. “Most of the time when someone is afraid, all they need is a confidence boost. I’ll be right back, and we will be good to go.”
Confidence was gone for a long time.
“Maybe he’s figured it out,” Rate said in drawn-out words. Non-Verbal shrugged. But as soon as they thought everything might be okay, Confidence came back with a confused look on his face.
“I’m not exactly sure what happened, but I wasn’t the issue.”
Clarity watched as, one by one, the others went to the thought room. They all came out with the same response as Confidence had given earlier and Abe was still unready to give his speech. Finally, it was Clarity’s turn. She looked around at the others who were now looking with beaten expressions on their faces. She heaved, entered the thought room and sat down.
“Abe, I think I know what’s going on,” she said. “Sometimes, we have to do and say things when we aren’t sure exactly what to do or say. I’m your clarity, but I have a feeling that you have to say something without me because if you try to find clarity, it’s not going to come out right. What you have to say isn’t even clear to you. So, I’m going to leave right now, and I think that you’ll be okay. Just stand up and give the speech you know to give.”
She waited, but there was no response. Clarity walked out of the thought room and nodded to the others as she walked out of the control room. Suddenly, there was a cheer.
“Abe looks like he is ready to make the speech!”
“He looks concerned, but he’s going for it!”
“Come on, everyone. Let’s help him!”
Clarity smiled. She wasn’t needed on this mission, but it didn’t matter. The mission was going to happen. As the door closed, she heard the raspy familiar voice that carried with it an aura of ancient sagacity.
“Four score and seven years ago…”
Silent One
The machines hunkered over the room like a futuristic predatory animal made out of steel and wires. It droned on and at intervals gave a sharp beep. One of the doctors in the room fumbled with the instrument and stuck up his thumb.
OK.
The vitals were good, Tom realized. He gave Angie a weak smile; all that he could afford her at this particular time.
It was the most perfect of days.  They had been waiting for this day for nine long months, and even longer.  They had planned for this child since before they even married.  And today was the day the baby was coming. The machine spiked louder and the doctor went back to it.
Tom withdrew his left arm from over Angie’s shoulder and rubbed the back of the right hand he now held like precious china, willing it to not shatter but hold firm. Angie’s frequent cries during the labor had been heart breaking for him, even as he knew that she was struggling to bring their child into the world. The whimpering, the long drags of breath and quick exhalations were part of the unimaginable pain he now assumed she faced.  He looked at her and she perceived that he would have given anything to bear this pain and spare her the struggle or if she had been too adamant that they share, he would have taken the more of it. Now, they were nearly there.  The doctor said just a few more pushes.  Just a few and they would see their child.
One last groan from Angie and the doctor reached for the baby with a deft reach for its body. Angie jerked sharply fell back into Tom’s arm, perspiration at once flooded and covered her body. Streak of the liquid rolled down her face.  He held her and laughed as he saw the small shock of hair, the waving limbs and a little slippery blood-stained body.  The baby was hustled off to the side, to be hovered over and bundled up.  Angie looked up at Tom, joyous and exhausted, and then alarm crossed her face.
“I didn’t hear the baby cry.  They didn’t tell us, is it a boy or a girl?  The baby isn’t crying?  What’s wrong?”  Angie’s voice rose in pitch with every word, and soon she was shaking in his arms, this time from apprehensive fright. He tried to placate her still with a steady caress.
Tom released Angie and approached where the doctors and nurses were huddled.  There were quiet murmurings and much activity.  Dr. Arnold felt the stiff grasp of Tom’s hand on his arm and turned calmly.  As he turned, Tom could see his child, clearly a girl, but heard no cries.  The infant’s head turned as she protested the light and her cold entrance into the world.  And Tom saw it.  Or rather did not see it. He shook with a fit and flinging his head in disbelief. His hands instinctively went to his face without his control.
The baby had no mouth.  No rosebud lips, no place to utter the cry Tom could sense was there. It just wriggled with the little violence it could muster. He shrunk back in horror, the movement of his body clearing Angie’s line of sight and she saw her baby.  A loud animalistic shriek introduced the dizziness and the last mental picture her eyes registered were those she so longed to forget.
Three hours later, Dr. Arnold sat in a chair beside Angie’s bed with a professional dour look on his face as one who appreciated the situation that was at hand, Tom perched on the foot of the bed, folding his arm across his broad chest.  Both young parents were visibly numb with shock and a silence reigned in the room.
“The baby, what is her name?” Dr. Arnold’s voice broke the silence like shatter of a million glass.
Tom looked up with a certain distance in his eyes, “Name?  We were going to name the baby Adam if a boy and Lily if a girl.”
He spoke as if the child were not in the bassinet beside them all.  As if she were not living and breathing right there, waiting for the welcome of her family. Dr. Arnold swallowed a hard ball of spittle and cleared his throat again before he spoke.
“Well, Lily will need a great deal of help, in order to get things, put to rights, but it can be done.  There will be surgeries, reconstruction, and more surgeries as she grows, in order to make her new mouth functional and useful.  In the meantime, we will give her a feeding tube so she can get the nutrition she needs.  But in the end, we will be able to make it so she can eat someday.  It is a long road, and there may be other anomalies present.  This is a very unusual birth defect.  We just don’t know yet.”
“No, no.”  Tom broke into a mild rant and Angie nodded confused along with him.  “We can’t.  I can’t bear it.  I can’t look at it.  I can’t…”
Dr. Arnold reclined in shock.  Although he had seen many parents learn of their infant’s unexpected birth defects, this reaction was one he had rarely seen.  Shock and grief could completely undo parents.  But usually they came around.  He would present their options, give them time and see what happened. He offered a smile and said nothing else.
************
“Angie, let’s go.  We don’t need to go to this.  We have seen so many great speakers, heard so many wonderful stories, we don’t have to go to one more.” Tom complained.
It had been a wonderful conference.  They had learned so much.  The time had passed, and their regrets over their daughter had never faded but had instead led them to find a new calling in life.  The first year after they gave Lily up for adoption, they were convinced they had done the right thing; for her, for them.  It was just more than they knew how to handle.  But, as time had passed, in her grief and then shame, Angie had sought to learn about children with disabilities, and their families, and how to help them.  They had created a foundation, one that not only helped to connect expectant families who knew of their child’s disability, but also families who were surprised as they had been at Lily’s birth.  They had created the largest database of resources and worked to connect families with mentors and specialists.
“Just this one more, Tom.  I have heard that this young woman is quite amazing.  I don’t know much about her story, but every time I hear her name, I am told that I must hear her speak.”  Angie dragged him by the hand through the hallway and into the crowded amphitheater.  The loud hum of conversation buzzed around them as they found seats near the front.  And they were just in time, Angie sighed thankfully.
A lovely young woman, about 20 or so, came onto the stage and voices hushed.  She shuffled her notes and smiled a lovely smile up at the crowd, and they all fell into an expectant silence.
“Thank you for coming to see me and I hope that I can share some things with you that you will find helpful and encouraging.”  She scanned the room, unafraid to make eye contact with everyone in the room, “My name is Mary, but when I was born, my name was Lily and I was born special.  When I was born, I did not have a mouth.”
A single gasp rent the air of the silent amphitheater.
Slavery by Dialect
The sun beat on them all with a fierce cruelty but the man still held his hand higher with the same repeated monotonous mechanizes and released the horsewhip onto her back. The whip fell with a loud crack and it slashed through her bareback, and the tail end of it landed on the side of her breast.  The veins on her forehead stood rigid and the blood coursing through them were almost visible. His teeth were clenched and his eyes shut as he released lashes of the horsewhip onto the back of the whimpering woman. It was obvious that they both suffered; punisher and the punished.
“I said flog her like you mean it, or I will order that you be flogged till your skin peels off and your muscles stand out like the raffia plants of the forbidden forest,” the commander, a veritable heap of flesh of a man barked with each crack.
The punisher continued with the vocation in a renewed passion and a more determined vigor than he engaged for the past twenty minutes that he had been whipping her.
I felt the violent stings of the whip on my own flesh from the corner where I stood. I could see through the watery film of tears that covered my eyes the tears that rolled down the cheeks of the punisher. Perhaps, if he had a choice, I am certain, he would have had the punished, the one we call Ashanti, untied from that tree. The commander would have made a better fit up there in her place. The teary punisher would have been pleased to discharge the duty of whipping him with a thicker horsewhip-not on his back, but on that shinning bald head of his- till the flesh peeled open and the whole village could see through the skull into the murky recesses of his brains. The punisher gritted his teeth in the agony of his duty. He shivered wearily, even as he flogged his victim, not because his hands ache from flogging her for so long, but because he was being forced to punish one of his own for a crime which would have been forgiven if she wasn’t from Iporin, the clan of slaves.
Ashanti had been brought into the Chief’s palace the previous night by a group of villagers. They had come chanting a rioting song and bearing leaves; a part of the protesting ritual. They had stripped her of all her clothing and had marched her naked on the walk of shame. That was what they called it – the walk of shame - the punishment due to anyone from the slave lands who commits a crime or is caught indulging in the privileges only freeborn citizens were. They knew what they wanted; the Iporin people never engaged a wasted journey. The women had taken to the forefront of the walk. They whipped her body with leaves, pushed and spat at her repeatedly in a clear show of disdain even as they dragged her to the Chief’s palace.
The offence: they had caught her in a motel sleeping with Adama, the son of a noble chief. Sexual relations were not frowned upon in Illewa unless it was one of the slave races. How dare us? They spit, beings baser than the ground on which the tread should never engage in such mundane pleasures which only satisfied ourselves. Submission was to be total; body, soul and devotion.
Illewa, a little town on the brink of its own civilization, was made up of the twelve villages that was our portion of the earth. It was boasted to be one of the biggest and most popular lands in the East African Republic of Titani and of the twelve villages, nine spoke Swahfari, which was the dominant language; the rest, Iporin, Kandoli, and my village, Azolea spoke in a different dialect. In the other worlds I read about - in the books I picked up from the Chief’s small library - these three villages would have been called minority ethnic groups. But in Illewa, just like other royal empires in the country, they had been termed the slave clans, and the ones who spoke the main languages were the noble citizens.
They said that our languages were cursed, and we were forever condemned to become slaves to the people from the other villages who spoke the Swahfari. From the days of our forefathers, all the descendants of our village belonged to the Chief; from the grey-haired grandmothers to the tiny fetus in the womb of the maiden who just conceived, we were all supposed to understand our position as the property of the Chief.
We were not to attend the same schools as the children of the noble clans. The Chief had built our own schools in the forest where we lived in small tents and cold caves. He sent tutors to the school to teach us how to speak the Swahfari because that was the only thing we needed, they claimed, to learn to understand and speak a little bit of Swahfari so that we could understand the commands of our masters when we are finally sold into slavery.
It was from this school that I was taken when I was twelve years old. The rule was that one must be fifteen before we were to be sold into slavery or brought to work in the Chief’s home, but the tutors had noticed my brilliance and gift with the herbs of the wild; the Chief had then asked to see me. So, there I was.
The Chief and his counselors had been firm when Ashanti had been brought before them. She had desecrated the land by sleeping with a man reserved for the daughters of noble birth, and she was going to pay for it.
“Enough!” the commander shouted, and the punisher dropped his horsewhip. His calloused palm had become reddened with blisters from gripping the whip for so long, and I could tell that Ashanti’s back, which was bleeding profusely, had become numb. She had felt no pain after the first few minutes of the rhythmic lashing and could only jerk back and forth against the tree on which she was tied.
As the commander, the punisher and the rest of the royal guards walked away, I and the maidens who worked with me rushed for her and untied her from the tree. We brought her into the healing room where I was to treat her with herbs and balm.
“Malaika, Malaika!” A familiar cool voice called my name from the arch of the shut door into my hut as I put a black quick healing mixture on Ashanti’s broken back. I grunted as I chewed the combination of leaves into a pasty marsh, the door opened at once and one of the maids walked in, shutting it behind her.
“The Chief needs you in his court.” She said with a slight obeisance.
I cast a perfunctory gaze her way and continued with my enterprise. I was never going to leave Ashanti in that much pain and walk away to attendance with the Chief, no matter his reasons for calling me. Most times, I wished my people could be half as brave as I thought myself to be.
“We are their strength,” I had always said whenever we gathered in the nights at the slave’s court at the back of the Chief’s house. We would sit on the ground, around a fireplace, and everyone would share stories of how they were treated roughly still by these masters that had no humanity. I was always to sit closest to the fire, my legs drawn together in fold monk like pose, placed over each other, and my hands gesticulating, trying to make every single word I said sink into their minds. I always told them that if only we could wake up one morning, turn against our slave masters and stand for each other, then would we truly know the little freedom of living in the land we called ours. But no matter how much I tried to make them see that the nobles were using us as weapons to club down our own people, the more they proved that apart from their bodies. Like the wild beast which had only fed on grass, they refused the fleshy fruits of freedom and proved with every passing day that their souls and minds had also been sold to slavery. I however never give up, till the day Old Kofo had called me aside and told me to watch my words; the same people I thought to free would betray me, many had sworn unflinching loyalty to their masters for life and they herded over their every command of these masters. He said, smiled and had disappeared into the dusty harmattan night.
“Is the balm hot yet?” I inquired when I had spat out the paste of leaves. One of the maids nodded and placed the heated plate on my outstretched hand. Ashanti gasped as soon as the hot balm touched the open wound on her back. It was the first time she had moved her body or made a sound since we took her into the healing room.
“Is she going to be fine?” The maid asked meekly. I nodded and walked away to attend to the Chief.
“Aha! Here he is,” Sumbo, the Chief’s right-hand man, said as I walked into the court. The Chief was sitting with the pale men who said they came from a land over the big seas. I had met Mr. Smith, their leader before now. It was he who led the delegation of white men who came to our clan, Azolea, some seven years ago to search for diamond. Some days after the white men found diamonds in the land, the Chief had ordered the owners of the lands to vacate the land immediately so that the white men could do their business. Some of them who were obedient moved away and went to live in tents by the side of the forest, while the others who had been a tad reluctant or too slow to move were sentenced to death for challenging the order of the Chief. The Chief had been infuriated when he heard that some families refused to leave their houses so that the white men could come in and do their business. He ordered his forces to arrest them all and bring them to the town square. On the day of the execution, all the people from the three slave villages were asked to assemble at the town square, and there, they were forced to watch as the Mayor’s exterminators chopped off the head of their people with long sharpened swords.
I lived with the trauma for many months, and even as I watch the same white people gather again, I was scared to be the point of their discussion.
When the Chief spoke, the large folds of flesh on his neck jiggled as it did now that he told me of the white men’s knowledge of a mixture I had produced. I let the silence that followed disclose my ignorance of what he meant.  Mr. Smith tapped his fingers gingerly on the chair he occupied. Just like the other slaves, I had come to hate the white man with a burning passion. I stood there as I was, watching and offering a very uncomfortable smile at the seated men, the Chief boasted like a child who owned a very unique toy about how good “this servant” was with the leaves. Mr. Smith had corrected to his colleagues that man meant alternative medicine. It took everything I had to restrain the urge to charge towards him, wrap my arms tightly around his slender neck and squeeze the life out of him.
We hated him because it was he and his people that made our people lose their lands. It was because of them that their kinsmen lost their life in a cruel execution.
“Hi, Malaika, my friend here has told me a lot about you,” Mr. Smith said in Swahfari and extended a hand to greet me. I hesitated in my motion as the pale hands stretched towards me. I had never shaken hands with anyone above my station in life. Mr. Smith looked at me wryly, and I pulled out my hands and stretched them forth respectfully to greet him.
“No, no!” the Chief bellowed, “you don’t have to shake hands with him. He is a slave.”
My hand dropped limply beside me, just the same way I felt my self-esteem drop each time I was reminded of my base station; that I wasn’t human enough to be treated as such. The fact clung to the skin like an eel.
“A slave? How do you mean?” Mr. Smith asked to consternation of the gathering. If he didn’t know we were slaves, how then was he with effrontery to plead the Chief chase our people from their lands? How then did he think it was right for the Chief to ask that our people be slaughtered because they dared to resist his intimidating order?
“You still practice slavery in these modern times?” Mr. Smith was getting angry, and I could see some sincerity in his voice, which made me curious and suspicious. Were they trying to play games on me, or were they trying to mock me?
“Mr. Smith, Mr. Smith, let’s not deviate,” the Chief interjected in an inferior tone. “This has been in our custom for years, and there’s nothing bad about it.”
The Chief channeled the conversation back to my discovery, and even as he talked about the number of people trooping into the land from other villages and states, to take treatments, I observed Mr. Smith. His movements had become different, a restless shivering passed through him. He didn’t smile the way he always did, showing a missing tooth, he didn’t ask questions in between the mayor’s speech, he just sat there, looking at him this monster who he couldn’t wait to go very far away from.
“So, Malaika, can your concoction really do all that?” Mr. Smith’s mouth curled up as he pronounced the word “concoction,” and I could see that he called it that because he couldn’t think of a better word to use. I read that the white men go through many processes before they accept a mixture of medicine and I took no offence that he had called my medicine a concoction. A vain pleasure came over me and I imagined Mr. Smith with a stomach infection and I forcing him to swallow the mixture and watch him throw his bowels out until his anus became a sickly deep red.
I nodded.
“Excellent. I guess we’ll have to take him back with us to Germany. We have to test the efficacy of this ‘universal antibiotic.’” He emphasized the term by holding up both his index fingers and curling them repeatedly.
“No, you can’t take him. Here is my son, Kola.” The Chief’s son stood and bowed slightly to his father. “Malaika has taught him everything about the medicine. He will follow you and answer all your questions.”
Mr. Smith was bewildered. I could also see the surprise on the faces of the other white men who were with him.
“How do you mean, Chief? Did your son discover the mixture?”
“No, but….”
“So why should he be the one to go with us when the inventor is present and available.”
“He is a slave!” the Chief’s voice rang out angrily, but he quickly comported his bulk and drew a deep breath. His eyes glinted and he apologized for the outburst, not wanting to annoy his “friends” “Slaves are not allowed to travel abroad. They stay here and serve the noble births all the days of their lives.”
“That’s bullshit. You still subject people to slavery in this present time? Is that the reason why I see lots of people wearing sack cloths in this land, while others are well dressed? I thought it was a poverty thing, but slavery? That’s an all-new level of barbarity!”
The Chief withdrew in fright, never had he seen the white man angry. He explained to him that we were slaves because our dialect was different from most people in the land. In his defense, he told him of all other lands in the country that had the same practice. Quite rife, he submitted.
“Nature made it that way; for some people to be beneath others. That is the reason why they were cursed with the languages they speak, which sound like voices of the spirits.”
“Do you realize that you can be jailed for life by the International Human Rights Court for gross human rights violation?”
The Chief leaned back on his seat in surprise. All his life, he had never been threatened.
“Chief, there are over one million ethnic groups in the world, and most of them have different languages. On the average, there are over seven thousand languages all over the world. No language is better than the other. It is just a means of communication, which defers from people to people. It is not a criterion for supremacy, because there is no proper or improper dialect.”
Mr. Smith lashed out angrily at the Chief. He continued talking and talking and threatened that he was going to report the matter to the President and the international community. The Chief pleaded with him not to take the matter further and agreed that he was going to let me go with them.
I hurriedly packed my bags and every single mixture of herbs and roots I had. The other slaves were ecstatic. The palpable jubilation and tangible euphoria swirled around the atmosphere. I promised them that I was going to come back for them; that I was going to Germany to make a name for myself and shine the global torchlight on the plight of my people.
I would not wait on Mr. Smith’s word to take it to the international community he had spoken about. If anyone could find a way, it would be me. As soon as the efficacy of my drugs was proven, on every press conference or interview I grant, I will not talk about the drugs; I will talk about a people, their stigmatization and the slavery they are subjected to because they speak a different dialect. And as I sit on this aircraft on the way out of my fatherland for the first time, I had made up my mind to become the ambassador whose voice will ring out so loud until every part of the world abolishes the act of slavery by dialect.
Snatched
Claire dashed into the school dormitory as fast as she could, the breaths came out in weary puffs. She knew she ought to slow down but she could not bring herself to doing just that. She stumbled before her locker, her knuckle grazing the steel knob handle of the locker. She swore silently. She grabbed the things she had come to acquire from the locker and slammed it shut when the haze over her eyes cleared. She could now see the people around her when the tension eased. There was a small crowd by the stairwell that led to the classroom area.
Didn’t they all know that they were going to be late for class? Claire thought, while clenching her books closer to her chest. Focused on getting to class before the bell rang, she would have avoided the frenzy if it was not the only way that led to her class. She felt a yawning ache in her chest when the motions of her feet drew her closer to the crowd of kids by the stairwell.
She walked quickly down the hallway as her lush dark hair bounced off her shoulders. She got to the back of the group and tried to see over the shoulders of the kids in front of her. The kids did not give way and some of them restrained with an outstretched arm those who tried to shove further than they were into the body.
“Hey, what’s going on?” she asked no one in particular, straining to see what it was that had attracted the crowd. No one responded and she pushed through the group until she finally got to the front. The new kid, Jerry, was on the floor. His eyes fought back the tears. His backpack contents were spilled all over the floor with sticky soda poured on top. Three other boys were hovered over him menacingly, with immediate threat of doing something nasty. The crowd roared into laugher when they taunted him.
“Come on, stupid! Speak!” one of the boys yelled. Jerry frowned.
“St-st-stop p—pi-pi—cking on m-me.” His voice broke into a broken stammer. The kid spoke with a slur and it took him forever to get the words out. Everyone roared again into a wild laugh. Another boy squatted in front of him.
“Why can’t you speak normal, dummy?” the boy teased.
Claire felt the disgust metamorphose into an anger that surged quite quickly. She pushed through the three boys and stood in between them and Jerry.
“Stop it! Stop making fun of him! He didn’t do anything to you!” she yelled.
“He’s stupid!” one of the boys retorted almost immediately. The crowd recovered from its shock and uneasy laughs rent the small space.
“What are you going to do about it?” another stepped to her.
Claire heard the rancor of the crowd; she listened to all of them. She wanted to help but somehow, she felt trapped. The bell rung, tearing the tense atmosphere almost immediately, and she heaved a sigh of relief. All the kids dispersed leaving her and Jerry in the hallway alone. She helped him up and he fetched his things from off the floor.
“Th—thank-y—you.” His said when he was done, with a smile that warmed her heart. She patted his shoulder.
“You’re not stupid. Don’t listen to them.”
“I-I w-wish I h-had your v-voice.”, he said and Claire though it was polite that she only returned his words with a gesture of hers. She smiled. She was not only a singer, but she had won several speech competitions for school. She loved being in front of people, and it made her happy that her voice was being used for good. She did feel sad that Jerry struggled, and she wished that there was something that she could do to help him.
“Why don't you come over to my house after school,” she suggested. “We can study together. I can help you with speech and everything.”
Later that afternoon after school, Jerry was at Claire’s house. She had been excited at she had been able to help him, and he seemed comfortable around her.
“Ca-can I a-ask you s-so-something?” Jerry asked. Claire nodded. “Wh-why are y-you b-being so ni-nice to m-me?”
Claire smiled. “Because we all deserve to have friends, and I don't like the way that people treat you. If I could give my voice to take away your speech problem, then I would do it for you.”
“R—really?” he asked wide eyed, not intending to receive an answer.
Claire nodded. She started to look back at the homework they were assigned, but Jerry spoke again. “C—can I h-hear y-you s-sing?”
Claire shrugged. It was a simple request, and she loved to sing for people. She put down her pencil and started to sing a favorite song of hers. While she was singing, she noticed that Jerry was pulling something out of his backpack. It was like a recorder. Was he recording her? Well, it wasn't that strange. She continued to sing, but when she went to stop, she couldn't. Claire frowned. She couldn't stop singing. It was like her voice was being pulled out of her. She looked at Jerry. He didn't seem fazed at all. Then he stopped the recorder. When he did, she stopped singing.
“I'm sorry. I don't know why I kept singing.” Well, that was what Claire meant to say when her mouth opened to a meaningless gape. No sound came out of her mouth when she had wanted to utter the words. She clutched her throat. She tried talking again. Nothing. She looked up at Jerry.
“I—I'm s-sorry,” he said. He closed his eyes and rewound the recorder to the beginning. Then, he played the recording back with the speaker to his mouth. Claire was wide-eyed as her voice played. When the recording finished, Jerry smiled. He looked at her. “I'm sorry. I really didn't want to do that, but I was given this recorder a long time ago. The one who gave it to me said that I needed to find someone who would willingly help me and give their voice up for me. You said you wanted to, right?”
Claire shook her head as he held up the recorder. He stood up from the table and grabbed his books and bag.
“I never found anyone who would do that until you. So, I had to try. Looks like it worked. And no one will know what happened here because you can't tell them,” he said, walking away. Claire listened in horror as Jerry left her home—with her voice.

The Audacity of Arrogance
Beyond the dense jungles, the endless waters that sluiced through the lands, the golden horizons of a thousand setting suns and the colorful geography of the continent, there were in a distant part of Africa ten tribes that had been accustomed to themselves by proximity and familiarity over a thousand generations. But, as it was meant to be the conflict roiled between the tribes and they would often quarrel over whom had what and why. These quarrels were by no means civil and were not submitted to arbitration but were decided by brute force alone. The winner could always decide the truth.  In this way, feelings were hurt, and pride was extolled amongst the victorious tribes. Of all the fighting that had been done over the millennia, the Abolgiwe tribe was whispered to be the strongest of the tribes of the jungle. They not only showed their dominance by defeating the other tribes in battles and wit, but they demanded rather brutishly that the other tribes hold them as the dominant tribe. The one who disobeyed had not yet been born and they were feared to the extent that of the ten tribes they soon imposed their edicts on the jungle.
Pride, like a cancer, eats away at the unknowing victim until it festers into arrogance. The Abolgiwe indeed were proud of their serial victories that they became arrogant. If they were the dominant tribe for so long among the mortals, they assumed, then they perhaps might challenge the gods. This boasting in low hushes, a fire travelling beneath the covering of branches started to travel around the tribe, and the gods caught the rumble of the rumors in the heavens. They conferred with one another and decided against destroying the tribe.
“We must humble the Abolgiwe,” they said. It was a long and sober deliberation, the father unwilling to punish the child but wanting to put an end to the madness that consumed the Abolgiwe. The decision was made to alter the Abolgiwes’ language so that everyone spoke in a different tongue.
Dawn came in Abolgiwe, and the chattering of mothers could not understand sons, and fathers could not understand daughters hollered rowdily into the heavens. Those who were once neighbors could not understand each other and thus no profitable venture could be done. After the first day, the Abolgiwe were not only feeling defeated, they could only communicate non-verbally. Soon the other tribes learnt of the tragedy that had befallen the Abolgiwe, the gods’ punishment had dealt them a wonderful hand they agreed.
It was they who plundered and utterly desolated this tribe who could cater for their own. The Abolgiwe lost everything in the carnage. Their riches were stolen, their houses were destroyed, and their pride was broken.
Ranige, the Abolgiwe elder, stood as the rain pattered down on his pale frame. The water dribbled across his face as he examined the garden trying to save as much food from the torrential downpour as he could. It was a grueling task and Ranige hissed greatly with all the displeasure he could muster. Usually, they just had the other tribes pay them in food as a tribute, but since the downfall of language for them, things had been different. They were on the bottom rung of the ten tribes now, Ranige rolled the last phrase silently in his tongue. Now, they had to work hard and grovel for any scraps that they could, and they had to do it without understanding each other. As he tried to salvage food from his garden, he felt a heaviness in his heart. He looked up to the heavens and closed his eyes as the rain pelted his face.
“Hear, o gods of my ancestors, if you ever forgive us, please give us our language back. I would do anything to see my people flourish again and not for our pride, but so that we may serve you.”
A flash of lightning struck the ground right in front of him, startled he fell back into the mud floor. The smell of burning grass filtered into his nostrils and his eyes cleared just in time to see his burning garden. Crawling forward, he began to grab as much food as he could. His hand sunk into the ground and touched something cold and hard. He pressed his hand into the clammy soil and groped the rock-hard substance. He gripped it in his hand and pulled it out of the ground. Mud dripped from the object. It was metal and round. It fit in the palm of his hand. Ranige wiped it off and saw some writing on one of the sides.
To he who finds this power, the key is given to restore what is lost. Ranige frowned, unable to decipher the meaning of the augury. He gathered up his food and took the metal with him. As he walked through the tribe to his hut, something happened. He began to hear voices of people around him. And he could understand them! He looked at the metal in his hand. Had the gods answered his plea? He ran into his house. His wife looked at him. Sadness was still in her eyes. Ranige dropped the food on the floor and rushed over to her.
“Can you understand me? Tell me! Can you?” Ranige watched his wife’s eyes open wide.  She blinked and Ranige’s mouth was almost forming in despair.
“I can! Oh! I can? Can you?” He nodded vigorously. His wife started to cry as she hugged him. “But how?” she cried.
Ranige held up the metal and observed it tersely, “I think that the gods have heard me! I can help our people!”
The Harvest
Anna walked into the humble house with a resolve to do all she could to help the family that had needed her. The mother led the way into the small opening that served as the family’s main room. Ashen gray sooth splayed over the wall like the badly done graffiti of an amateur artist. She studied the home for a moment and slipped her fingers into the hood that had disguised her through the day, removed it from her head. She looked silently from the mother to the father who was seated when she walked in, both hands clasped in silent supplication to Anna for whatever she could do to relieve their situation. The child seemed unbothered; she smiled at Anna from her father’s side and communicated only with a nod. Anna smiled back and beckoned the child to come closer. She did and Anna fell to a low squat in front of the girl. Anna studied the eyes of the child. There was nothing that held back her deliverance and Anna placed her hands on the child's cheeks and felt the child shiver at the cold touch of her skin.
“Open your mouth,” Anna said softly. The child’s jaw popped slightly as she obeyed; and Anna blew her breath lightly down the child's throat. A soothing tinge course through the child’s throat; her lips quivered at the frost, and her mouth chilled through to the back of her tongue. She shut her mouth at once and opened it again just as quickly.
“Ahh!” The echo came the cry from the girl, an unsteady piercing shrill like the cry of an apprentice banshee from the belly of a winter forest. Anna smiled as she saw the plasma of tears poured forth from the parent's eyes. The woman sniffed and passed her gaze from the daughter she so dearly loved and back to Anna whom she could not but have appreciation for. Rushing forward, both parents collapsed into an embrace of their daughter. Anna stood apart and quickly stepped towards the front entrance.
“Wait!” the father called when she was almost at the door. She returned slightly and gave a slight nod of knowing. His voice trembled when he struggled to speak through the choking sobs, “Thank you. Our daughter has a voice! Thank you!”
Anna nodded again in understanding and swiftly escaped the house. She tossed her hood over her jet-black hair as she emerged the awning of the doorway and stepped into the streets so that only her eyes were visible in the mid-morning light.
Her feet traced past the forest of people, struggling to disguise herself as much as possible through the streets of Reotha until a firm hand grabbed her from behind. She could have run if she had not been so rapidly cornered in the crowded street by the sharp-eyed men of the Roetha Civil force.
“The Prime Minister wishes an audience”, one of the men offered the only explanation before they snatched her away.
She steeled herself against the violent pace of her heart beat through the journey to the Prime Minister’s Home pondering over the upcoming meeting. The time had come to reveal her decision to help his son or not.
After a brief exchange of hushed greetings in a pretending show of politeness, the Prime Minister had gotten down to the business of the day.
“These men, they maintain you have powers”, he took a brief pause, rolling the last word around his tongue in emphasis and finding it to his taste he continued, “You have the power to heal my son's language disorder.” Prime Minister Sala had stared at her with a cold glare. “You will heal him, or you will be put on trial for witchcraft.”
Anna resolved to match his glare. “I do have powers.  I have the power to give a voice to the voiceless and to heal language disorders as if they had none.  And now, I have the power to be that voice for them. So, I will help your son, if you will help my people—your people.”
Her demands were fair—fresh water system, equitable taxes, more grants of land for growing crops and access to medicines they needed. The prime minister had said he would consider her offer and that had been the first meeting.
A week later, like some stroke of deft magic, she once again stood with him in his home.  The second meeting had been done for effect. He had refused his men leave and they stood over them while they discussed.
“What is your decision?” Sala's voice echoed through the room, carrying a tone of self-assurance.
“What is yours?” Anna countered.  Sala was quiet for a moment, and then he blurted, “You will help my son or else!”
Anna lowered her eyes to the ground; the meaning of the act was not lost. He swore in his fury signaled to the authorities with a dismissive wave, and Anna was fetched and dragged from the room.
Days later, Prime Minister Sala had received an intelligence report of a certain letter that had been sent by Anna.
Mother, you know my son has the gift, and I fear that they will try to take him and force him to heal Sala's son.  Hide him.  Hide him well.
Anna
The simple letter read and Sala slammed his fist down on the table in urgency.  The authorities were sent out to find the boy.
“Sir,” one of his men entered his office after days of the search without success.  Sala sighed.
“If this is one of your negative reports, then you may go.” Sala dismissed him exasperatedly.
“It is.  We can't find the mother or the boy, but I have some other news, too.  It is about your son.”
Sala made one final crack at her
Anna opened her eyes when she heard the door to her prison cell open.  Rough hands grabbed her and pushed her out.  With forcefulness, her mind flung to the possible case scenarios. She prayed silently for her son’s safety as they led her to Sala.
Sala waited until she sat before him.
“We have your son,” Sala said.  Anna immediately felt panic, but strangely it died as soon as it had been awoken. Sala’s eyes showed something that was not confidence. Her instincts called his bluff.  She sat up straight.
“No, you do not.” She saw his eyes widen, and she smiled.  “You need me.”
“Fine!  I do!” Sala broke down.  “My son has had a stroke and—he--he is worse.  You have to heal him.”
Anna lowered her head, and Sala stood up with anger in his eyes.
“If you don't, then I will kill you!”
Anna planted her feet and stood with fire in her own eyes.  “If you kill me, then all hope is lost for your son because my power will die with me! Help our people, and I will help your son! The choice is yours!”
Both of them sat facing each other; breathing heavily, eyes full of passion, and bodies rigid with tension.  Sala drooped first.  He crashed into his seat; his head lowered and his eyes closed.  “Fine.  I will help.  I will do whatever is needed for the people.  Just—just heal my son.”
The Trade Off
Melodic sounds, like gentle ripples of a peaceful ocean troubled by a small drop, filtered into the air and flowed over the shores. Inhabitants of the land smiled as the singing reached their ears assuaging their moral senses with most excellent of euphonies, and all who heard ceased from their vocation to enjoy of this most excellent sound. Every morning, Akeleen sang in a sweet melody small area of the planet, a small sacrifice to improve the sense of beauties of her people. She was a titan but her voice was unlike anything the Jupiter’s inhabitants had ever heard. Coming from a strong line of brutes, this gift from the gods to Akeleen was akin to the evening fresh air that hit the face after a long time in the basement.
Larzar, with all the sinews of his body moving in a solitary purposeful rhythm, strutted into their dwelling. He admired her with a tender gaze.
“Your melody my love makes the sweet winds of the evening skies jealous, Akeleen,” he said with a flush of pride, and knowing that you belong with me…” he sighed, unable to describe what he felt. She smiled at him.
“Hopefully, our child shall have a voice like its mother.”
Larzar nodded. “Yes, hopeful…” He paused and for a second was suddenly taken aback. He glanced at her with the look of one who wasn’t sure what he had heard her say. “Wait! Are you—are you saying that…” he stuttered.
Akeleen nodded her titan head happily. “Yes, my love! We are pregnant!”
Larzar leaned his head back and tried to yell, but he couldn’t get it out. He was so happy. He grabbed her up and spun her around in his arms. For years, they had tried to have children, and now this. They had felt the stings of pain at every disappointment when their prayers came crashing back to their faces like those whom the gods had overlooked. Now, that was good news to Larzar’s ears; the best news. His face contoured into a very wide smile.
For several days, Akeleen could not help the mirth she felt knowing that Larzar was telling everyone he knew that they were going to have a child. She was happy that he was happy. She had made her happy and that was all she wanted with him.
But as with all good news, there was a threat of something terrible happening. Nothing prepared Akeleen with at a least thought that their joy would come at such a high price. She was asleep next to Larzar when she had heard her name. She woke up with the slow ecstasy of a dream fading from her eyes into a reality that was no different. The voice hummed in her ear. She rose up from the stretch of the bed and followed its whispering outside of their home without willing to trouble Larzar’s sleep. When she stepped outside, she had seen the towering figure with a halo around it. It greeted her like an angel would regard a human saint who was yet alive on earth with a chant. Akeleen shielded her eyes against the brilliance.
“Who are you?” she managed to call out.
“Akeleen, the gods have sent me to give you a message. As you know, you shall have a child. It will be a boy.” A boy! Akeleen felt her heart’s pump with glee.
The being continued, “But your son will be born with no voice. He will be silent from the moment he is born until he dies.”
“No!” Akeleen dropped her hands from her eyes. Now, she couldn’t care how bright the light was. “This cannot happen. You cannot do this. This is our child!”
“You can change this outcome, Akeleen. You only have to do one thing.” She fell to her knees and cried out,
“Anything. I will do anything!”
“You must give up your voice forever.”
Akeleen fell into a stifling silence. Give up her voice? Ever since she was a child, her voice had been her life. She sang for audiences, for her family and friends, for herself, and—now the gods wanted her to give all of that up?
“There has to be another way! Please, I—I beg you.” The being was silent. The light around it pulsated as if it were debating on what to say next.
“If you decide to sacrifice your voice for your child, you must travel to the Great Tree as far as you can go across the rivers and lands of Jupiter. You will know that tree because of its guardian—a mammoth beast called the Ragonat. You must get past the beast to grab the fruit of the tree. You must eat the fruit to save your child’s voice. And you must hurry, Akeleen. Time is not on your side.”
In a split second, the light and the being were gone. Akeleen looked around frantically, unable to understand what had just transpired. Larzar came out of the house with panic in his eyes.
“Why are you out here, Akeleen? What is wrong!” he cried.
Akeleen told him everything that had happened and Larzar heaved when she had done so. He knelt beside his wife as she shook with tears.
“My husband, what are we doing to do? What are we going to do?” were the only words her lips could say.
The Unthinkable
Panic gripped Vanessa's heart as she stared at the strange face of the baby being handed to her.  The baby’s eyes held the same confusion but still reached out to grasp her—to grasp anything.  Vanessa shook her head to the young worker whose smile seemed to fade at the very second the mother's concerned look etched itself on her face. Vanessa's hands flew into a rage as she tried to communicate to the young girl.
Where is my child?  This is not my child!
The worker swallowed hard but began to immediately look around the room for assistance. Vanessa shoved her way through, pushed past the girl and began to frantically scan the current room they were in for her son. Each face seemed to blur, and the babies started to all look alike.  Her heart pounded like a jackhammer, and she was sweating. In the back of her mind, she could hear the worker asking her to be calm.  Suddenly, Vanessa saw him.  He was in the arms of another confused mother who was trying to explain that she also had the wrong child. Vanessa stormed up to that mother and with a strong grip, she wrangled him away from her.  Tears flowed down Vanessa's cheeks as she kissed him over and over.  Without hesitation, she ran out of the building into the cold winter morning with a heart as cold and resolute as the morning she ran into. She never returned to the building she had just exited.
Years later, Vanessa stood in the kitchen cleaning up the last of her dishes.  Her eyes lovingly traveled over Kyle who sat in ignorance of the activity that was going on behind him watching TV.  He had a notebook with paper and plenty of books all around him. His favorite shows were on which she also loved because he loved them; and she could perceive that he loved them because they were educational and entertaining.  Often as they did now, the characters of the show would take a break from the quizzing and would dance around together to the music—laughing and smiling in jollity.  As she put away the last dish, she sighed.  If only he would speak.  If only he could read.  Ever since she had started home-schooling him, she could see that he was bright.  Pictures and sounds excited him, but he couldn't seem to comprehend anything else.
Dr. Michele Hansen placed her hands under the hand sanitizer dispenser just by the right end of the door and rubbed her hands together. She turned the doorknob and entered into the room.  She smiled at the young mother and her son; however, noting the mother gave her a wary look, like a fierce tigress that would do anything to protect its young from anything that posed a threat.
“I'm Dr. Michele Hansen,” she said.  “How are you both doing today?”  She saw the mother's hands gesture for a pen and paper. She reached into her white lab coat and turned to the mother with her request.  There was a hint of a smile on Vanessa's lips.
Dr. Hansen, my son, Kyle is not able to speak.  He is not able to read or comprehend. He only responds to pictures and sound. She wrote.
Dr. Hansen nodded in understanding.  She replied by the same means.  Has he seen any other doctors?  Have his teachers in school said anything?
Vanessa replied.  He hasn't seen any other doctors, and I home-school.  He doesn't have any other teachers.
Dr. Hansen frowned at the information but then it was gone in an instant. She resumed with a polite nod.  Does he communicate well with other children his age? Any other adults?
Vanessa shook her head.  He doesn't have friends, and—he only has me.
Dr. Hansen gave a smile, but she didn't like what she was hearing.  She examined Kyle and asked a few more questions before telling the mother that she wanted to get her some names of speech pathologists and specialists that she would recommend.   She had one of the nurses give Kyle a lollipop, and when Vanessa and Kyle left, she sat in her office and dialed the number of a friend into the desk phone that served in the capacity of an office messenger.
“Hey, Sam,” she said into the phone’s mouth piece.  “I have a problem.”
“So, this is a business call?” Sam’s voice came over the receiver.  “Is it a patient?”
“Yes,” she replied.  “I'm not sure if you guys at CPS will consider this a case, but I just had a mother in here with an eight-year-old boy who can't talk, read, write, or communicate at all.  She is mute, and she told me that she has been the only person who he had ever socialized with.”
“That seems pretty extreme.”
“Sam, think about it.  He has never had friends, never gone to a social event, never had human counteraction except for his mother and maybe doctors when he was a baby.  Something is wrong. Really wrong.”
Sam blew hot air into his palm as he considered what might the most complex work he had ever gotten and agreed with her. Something was terribly wrong.
Universal Language
Everything was quiet; which was not exactly a good thing. Eli wiped a layer of sweat off his face with the back of his hand. The greasy liquid stuck to the spot. Right now, he was Eli, a businessman from the Southern United States. Earlier this week, he had to be Modupe an archeologist from Nigeria. Who knew who he would be tomorrow? This was his life now and Eli grabbed the wheels of this unsteady vehicle that seemed ready to crash any minute with all he had in him.
Ever since he was a boy, he understood he had a flair for languages and the simple fact was that he could learn other languages quickly, perhaps quicker than anyone in the world. By the time he had graduated college, he understood twenty-five and could speak twenty-one with a fluency that bordered on nativity. It was that which had started him in a teaching position at a college, which had now turned him into public enemy number one.
“Each and every one of you is defined by who you were created to be,” he had addressed his final class. “One of those defining characteristics is the language that your people—of your culture. All around the world, we have beautiful languages that share with the universe our uniqueness.”
A student raised his hand and Eli had politely obliged him. The student asked respectfully, “Are you saying that you don’t agree with the mandated order that in one year, we will all move to a one world language that is going to be taught around the world?”
“I not only disagree with it,” Eli had said. “I will fight it with all that I have.”
That had been the last time he stepped foot in the classroom. It had been the last time that he had set foot in his house. Eli had been on the run from a government whose arms stretched through every strata of civilization for inciting civil unrest. Eight months had passed successfully, and he had sought sanctuary with friends and scholars that he had connected with across the globe hoping each time would not be his last. So far, his prayers worked.
His last time in Israel, he had stayed with Rabbi Jerome, an old strictly Jewish purist who shared Eli’s love for the languages.
“You live your life on the run, my friend,” Rabbi Jerome as they strode through a narrow passage in the Rabbi’s house, “What do you hope to accomplish?”
“I know that it’s a long shot,” Eli had said, “but there is a legend—of a book—a book named שפת האלוהים.”, he emphasized the final phrase in Yiddish.
“Ah!” Rabbi Jerome exclaimed. “Translated to mean ‘Language of God.’ I have heard of the book. It is said that the book has the power that was spoken by the Creator when He confused the language at Babel. He put his power in a book and locked it away. This legend is only a legend though, Eli.”
“Except, I have been researching, and I believe that it is here in Israel. It’s locked away in one of the museums. I have been tracing its path through history, and I believe that if I find this book, I can stop the universal language from happening.”
“You are on a dangerous path, my friend,” Rabbi Jerome said. “Peace be with you.”
Since that conversation, Eli had been working on a plan to figure out which museum held the book. After weeks of rigorous research in the borrowed study of Rabbi Jerome, he had figured it was the Tower of David Museum in Jerusalem. The slightest sight of him would be his arrest, Eli breathed in exhaustion when he realized the only window that was open to him.
Eli stood outside of the museum as the rain drenched the coat with which he disguised himself, waiting on the last security man to take the final rounds for the night. He needed several moments of silence to unlock the front door and get inside of the museum. The guard came around at last with a dog that stopped ever so often to sniff the air. There were no cars. There were no people. Eli ran across the street from his hiding place and got to the door. His heart pounded frantically as he worked on getting the door open. The entrance had a small overhang and was tucked into a corner. He heard foot drops coming in his direction and the blood drained from his face in panic. He struggled to get back out but the door had refused to yield. There was no hiding place in the large foyer when the bright lights came on. He cursed with a pained breath as he saw the men with guns emerge from the blackness with the bright light, staring him down as Eli stood in the doorway.
A gentleman in a dark suit walked up to the front of the group, holding a large book in his hands. The Language of God. The man smiled.
“Eli Williams. I believe that this is what you are looking for.”

