THE GUEST (BOOK 2)

Yufeng Zhuang
Copyright 2012 by Yufeng Zhuang
Smashwords Edition

Chapter 1
An Ordinary Man By The Lakeside

“This time in the S2 district parliament election, the having opposition faction character senators, no beyond all the prediction of the election experts, successfully won two hundred and forty three seats, successfully take control of the management committee of four administrative states. The politicians of the federal Capital Planet Circle accused in succession, these with thick opposition faction color senators, get used to have the private communication, thus make the second provision of the Federal Charter, which holds together the six hundred political balance of the federation, become a dead paper.”
In the full of green bamboo courtyard, in the setoff of the natural scene, the hung on the white wall light screen, looked like a picture more, but at this time on the picture of the federal channel four, that famous female reporter had her face seriously, very killjoy to say something ceaselessly, “Held up the George Colin banner thirty years ago, the anti-government troops abandoned the force to confront the federation, turned to pursue the non-violent uncooperative proposition. But from five years ago, the anti-government aspect began to shift their manner, in the negotiation framework with the federal government, participating in the federal political election affairs. The leader Medellin of the anti-government, is the strong supporter and impeller of this big transition. Medellin was elected the senator of the S2 administrative region four years ago, according to the sources, Medellin is ready to take part in the election of the federal management committee this fall, to run for the senator of the federal parliament.”
In the deep courtyard, a wearing glasses, dressed in a black double breasted vintage garment middle-aged man, watched to the light screen silently, listened to the analysis by the female reporter.
“This time the anti-government…” The face of the female reporter seemed slightly flurried in the picture, but restored calm immediately, “The reason why the opposition senators could gain the complete victory in the district election of the S2 administrative region, on the one hand, because the four states in the mountains of the S2 are the actual shadow zone of the anti-government aspect, and the result of the strange explosion in the East Forest Region in Constitution Calendar year fifty six was announced at the election eve, even gave the federal conservative senators a heavy blow. The opposition senators brought out the evident, proved that the President’s office, the Secret Service, the Ministry of National Defense and the management committee all took part in the concealing of the explosion truth, let the public sentiment of disappointment for the on the table senators to reach to a new level.”
The middle-aged man had the tips of his eyebrows frowned slightly, shook his head and heaved a sigh, listened to the female reporter said with some excitement on the screen, “Although the president ordered to investigate this thing right away, and declared to the public through the Charter Bureau, in the spring of the Constitution Calendar year fifty six, that explosion caused three hundred West River state soldiers of the East Forest Region accident casualties, severe damaged the earth’s surface of the living area, and caused the difficult-to-reverse eco catastrophe, all of these was because of a secret action which the federation aimed at the first order target, the treason mechanics Yufeng, of the Charter Bureau. But this kind of explain still couldn’t make the public satisfied, because all the people understand, such an aboveboard action, why would be hidden for a whole year, and all the news medias didn’t obtain any news.”
“Facing the charge of the opposition senators, the federation aspect have made the most serious response, the spokesman of the Ministry of National Defense denounced that the opposition have not abided by the treaty, still possess the armed forces in the S2 administrative region. The office of the senator Medellin issued the news release yesterday, solemnly denied this charge, and warned the federal government, don’t try to shift the public sight, demanded the government must explain, why the eliminating treason action aimed at the mechanics Yufeng would be hidden deliberately for so long, what on earth the secret has behind this affair…”
“The following is the news background information: Mechanics Yufeng, once served in the capital planet Second Military Academy as the mecha repair assistant, at the end of the third war between the Federation and the Empire, conscripted into the army…”
The middle-aged man pushed the glasses a bit, shook his head and turned off the light screen TV, about the information of the mechanics Yufeng, he knew much clearer than most of the people in this world, even much clearer than the federal government and that opposition leader Medellin. He walked toward the green courtyard, on the way passed several pieces of rice field and several red carp pools, the heavy in his heart dispersed gradually. Although his family had not many population, and the actual strength was far not abundant to match with those legendary seven big families, but could possess such a large area manor in Philadelphia, the middle-aged man knew what kind of respect and trust the federal populaces had on his family.
After walked for a few minutes, the middle-aged man came to the front of a flat lake, looked at the lakeside and lowered his head to say, “Father, the news about little uncle was confirmed, as what you expected, he… Should have gone away, the information we found in the Ministry of National Defense… Was late for half a year.”
The distance away the capital one thousand three hundred km Philadelphia, was a warm in winter and cool in summer tourist attraction, could possess such a large area manor in such place of high cost land, it was enough to explain the status of the people who was living in there. Didn’t know how big was this boundless lake, the breeze blew coming gently, the waster was ripple less, like a mirror reflected the inverted image of the distant snowy mountain top, let people to have the feeling of too many beautiful things instantly. On a bluestone by the lakeside sat an old man, dressed in a very simple but with little vintage meaning long gown, a head of gray long hair hung down loosely on the back, the back of the figure was very vicissitudes. but the appearance of this old man, didn’t affect this like a picture scene, that slightly thin and old body, seemed to have already stayed by the lakeside for countless years, had become one whole with the lake and the mountains long ago.
Heard the words of the middle-aged man, the old man lowered his head slowly, looked at the clear and static lake in front, seemed to have some sadness, or seemed to have some relief, then he said, “It may not be bad to be in the dust, he should be dead forty years ago, he should be dead fourteen years ago as well, but the result is that he just doesn’t die, never die… Dead earlier, relief earlier, I also wish I could die long ago.”
Listened to the with bad omen words, the middle-aged man had the severe shock in his heart, had some worry that his father would be excessively sad because of the news of his uncle‘s death, although he always didn’t understand very well about that kind of peculiar relationship between his father and his uncle, but heard too many stories about his uncle from small to large, he knew it clearly that actually his father always cared about his this brother very much. He walked to behind the old man and said with concerns, “Little uncle could escape the wanted by the federation before, perhaps he can do it this time as well.”
“I don’t want of care about these things, a disappeared for decades brother, it’s also nothing different from dead.” The back figure of the old man seemed bleak and chilly, but the middle-aged man always kept the respect in his eyes, although he and the other party was relation of father and son, but he always felt that his father was more like that image, which the federation put in publicity and praise, he always had a kind of sense of distance to his father from small to large. The old man heaved a sigh, the sound was full of extremely complex emotion, “Your little uncle is a genius, no matter what he did in this life, he could do it to the perfection. He had the great contribution to the development of the federation in those days… Just only he is a liberal activist, even I can’t understand what he was thinking in his mind, doing things never consider other people’s thinking. There is an old saying that the bad cause will have the bad result, since he broke the federal laws, killed so many people, caused so many problems, perhaps the death can be counted as the compensation he gave to those innocent people.”
The middle-aged man understood what his father meant, was not that big explosion happened when attacking the Empire in those days, for those ages ago things, he didn’t understand very well, after silenced for a moment, he said, “His Excellency President’s personal letter arrived yesterday evening, would you like to take a look?”
The old man silenced for a moment and said, “I respect the federal spirit, also respect the representative of the federation Mr. President, but I don’t want to read that letter, I don’t want an outsider to tell me, they have already killed my blood young brother one year ago, although I don’t mind to kill him personally.
“…Knew about the relation between your little uncle and me, only Tai family that woman, Mr. President may also know about it recently. I am only a statue of the federation now, of course he doesn’t want me to have any relation with that flagrant mechanic.”
“Several decades ago, I gave your little uncle a punch, shocked him seventeen teeth off, from that day on, I don’t have any relation with him any more, and never have any contacts again.” The old man stood up from the stone slowly, looked at those not so easy bubbles on the quiet lake, felt his that aged heart was also getting empty, “Those people in the government always want to get that star map in your uncle’s hand, but some people are not willing to let that star map to come out, these two stream of powerful forces fight together, no matter how many doppelgangers your little uncle could have, it’s still impossible for him to always hide restfully.”
“I don’t understand, little uncle is a people who likes the boisterousness the most.” Every time the middle-aged man thought of the most unknown, but most talented uncle, he would have the fear in his heart, “When the Charter Bureau issued the first order for arrest, he still took the risk to stay in the universities in the capital planet, why in the last more than ten years, he would stay in the East Forest Region honestly instead? The now East Forest is very deserted.”
“He would prefer to stay in theS1 to play different roles before, that’s because he always had a wrong thinking, he thought the splendor of the First Charter is a kind of humiliation, so he would take the risk to stay in here, in the most dangerous place to challenge the eyes of the First Charter, under this kind of mischief was hidden his madness and courage… Why he left? Of course that’s because he thought the First Charter was not the shackles to tie up his freedom any more, of course he would disdain to keep playing this game.” 
“The reason why he went to the East Forest, probably only I can understand in this world… In the twilight, the disappearance of a section of civilization, is what kind of thrilling beautiful.” The old man said calmly, “This is the thing that your little uncle want to see in the East Forest, the thing he pursues in this universe, couldn’t be understood by the average people. I am getting old in these years, and then I understand the choice he had in those days… In a sense, I am still not as him after all.”
The middle-aged man looked at his father’s back quietly, last generation of the family had two utterly extreme characters, just one of them had the great reputation in both the Federation and the Empire, in the first war, assassinated the ambitious His Majesty of the Empire successfully, in the individualistic heroism had downfallen present age, became the number one heroic figure of the federation. The other one in fact fought his life with the splendor of the First Charter intrepidly, at the end died quietly with the disguise identity of a small potato and treason. Now his little uncle was dead, his father was old, how would the future of the Philadelphia Lee family continue?”
“He has stayed in East Forest for more than ten years, should have some close to him people.” The federal god of the military was just a recalling the past old man at this time, said leisurely, “He is always fickle and cold-blood, it’s afraid that he wouldn’t care about the life and death of those people after he died, you go to take a check, if he really has some close people, give some helps secretly if you can help.”
“I have already checked, little uncle has an apprenticeship in East Forest, the relationship is relatively close. But that apprenticeship has already lost his life unfortunately in the federal action.” The middle-aged man replied respectfully.
The old man looked at the lake surface, thought in the heart, no matter whether you were dead or fled, you and me two brothers, in fact, were just the ordinary men.



Chapter 2
The Sprout Of The Day After

In the shrouded in the hero halo for decades manor of the Philadelphia Lee family, that incomparably respected by the federal citizens god of the military, once was serious to consider to take care of that poor and innocent little apprenticeship, except that in the information of the central computer of the Charter Bureau, that little apprenticeship had already died, so everyone of the federation thought that little apprenticeship was impossible still alive affirmatively.
Of course Sheilor didn’t die, he also didn’t know the Philadelphia Lee family had tried to find him and take care of him, he even impossible thought of uncle Fengyu would have any relation with the Philadelphia Lee family, even that full mouth rotten teeth, incredibly… Were knocked off by lord god of the military. If he knew about these striking keyhole reports, would he touch Fengyu’s rotten teeth with the worship eyes in those days? If he knew all of these, maybe he would understand, why in the like blood twilight over the mine, when uncle Fengyu talked about that all federal people respected old man, he would use the old man those words without any respect.
Now Sheilor was having his meal in a crude three floor small building, he used the fork and knife to cut the buffalo meat in the plate with difficulty, time to time raised his head to take a look at that with unstable lines and could broken any time TV on the wall, the news on the TV was still telling the things about the senator election of the local state management committee, also mentioned that secret action in the East Forest Region. Any secret action of the federation, could possible be labeled the black curtain by the opposition senators, with George Colin doctrine, shout themselves hoarse to criticize hardly. But as the party Sheilor didn’t have this kind of interest, he knew uncle’s death had the black curtain, but that black curtain should had already fallen down many years ago. The buffalo meat in the plate was very hard, that was searched out by him yesterday, didn’t know was frozen for how many years, didn’t have any delicate flavor of the meat, but fortunately didn’t go bad incredibly, had it into the mouth like a piece of wood to digest, to Sheilor, it was still a bit better than those synthetic food. It’s the end of the summer at this time, the just fixed by him air-conditioning system began to deliver the cool wind, but still not enough time to drive away the summer heat, he wiped off the sweat from the forehead, finished the buffalo meat in the plate with the fastest speed, had a touch on the belly, with some dissatisfactions to walk into the house, began to pick around and remember those fragmentary things.
This three floor small building, from the information of the government land management bureau to see, belonged to Sheilor. Changed another way to say, here was the retired soldier Sheilor’s old house. The Pear Garden university began to have the summer vocation from mid June, Sheilor brought out the bought for a long time air ticket, stepped on the journey to go back his “old house”, for living more safely in the federation, he might need to know where his old house was, tried his best to be familiar with the local life and custom situation, or even his accent, then he couldn’t give the trick out as less as possible. Shielding could tell he was a man with secret hands down, Sheilor had to be more cautious a bit. But he didn’t think of, the “old house” uncle arranged for him in the disguise chip was so far away, from the Coastal state airport sat for seven hours of plane, and then sat for eleven hours greyhound bus, at the end still walked for whole half day, he then came to this small town.
He had stayed in this small town for several days, he had more shocked for uncle Fengyu’s ability, choosing this small town was really too fantastic, no talked about its faraway, and because of the debris flow in recent years, the vast majority of the residents had already moved into the new developed habitation by the state government. Even those several still stayed in the town residents, mostly also forgot whom that three floor small building belonged to… Couldn’t be said passable thing, right? Actually just the heavy load of the life, let the few residents, lost all the interests to inquire about the gossips, and the town primary school and the town middle school had already shut down several years ago, even let Sheilor besides the relieved, had the endless curiosity about Fengyu’s ability.
Could choose such a perfect disguise identity, might get into those very high level federal central computers to have a long time information screening, even represented that Fengyu had invaded that omniscient central computer of the Charter Bureau!
Sheilor took a bath, stood on the balcony, put the scene of the town and those peculiar plants into his mind firmly, at the same time, associated the things in the information with the reality to enhance the memory. He had a stroke on the metal on his wrist subconsciously, thought of inside those like stars chips on those tiny metal wires, one chip would represent a whole new unbeknown identity, if all were same like his present identity to be found the flaws, how long it would take for the preparation?
Thought of the hidden in the freezer for years buffalo meat, a sincere and full of pray meaning smile began to emerged on Sheilor that ordinary and sincere face.
…………
…………
Finished the summer back to the hometown trip, through the long and hard way, Sheilor came back to the Coastal university town again. This trip besides let him to have more confirmations about his new identity, also let his spirit to have some impacts. Up until now, he just knew, the East Forest Region was not the poorest place of the federation, that called Brightness little town, was really poor on top of the world.
He couldn’t understand the rich and developed federation, especially on the planet the core of the Capital Planet Circle, how could have such a place, even still had the farmer this kind of occupation, not performed on the stage that kind… Once he thought of that couple brother and sister he had met, Sheilor had a deeper layer of cognition about the injustice of this society, just he didn’t understand how on earth this kind of injustice would come, and should how to solve it. But in the sub consciousness, he still didn’t have any good feeling to the federal government, instead had some curiosity and fuzzy cognition to the anti-government force.
The early September, the campus of the Pear Garden university was opened once again, Sheilor began to have the boring back and forth movement between the teaching building and the gate house again. The engineering course foundation teaching of the Pear Garden really had the strength not compatible with its fame, Sheilor absorbed those knowledge eagerly, such like the working principle of the Peasant brand high energy battery, the data conjunction parameter of the three systems in the enclosed construction, the electron auto spring layer rule of the crystal mineral in the illumination condition… 
Tomorrow he would begin to go into the laboratory building, to have the learning by doing. Sheilor once thought of this, then felt the skin on his hand began itching, left the East Forest, left the operation room in the mine had been more than one years, besides made a electric shock stick to protect himself, hadn’t touched those electron plates, pipelines, metal… That kind of great feeling and the light high energy plastic smell, really made him miss very much.
“What are you thinking? Thinking about the thing that going to have the application for the Upper Forest Nutshell company in the future?” A deep and chilly voice pulled Sheilor out from the thinking. He stopped the rubbing hands funny move astounded, looked at that wearing black frame glasses female student on the other side of the table, somewhat awkwardly to have a smile, “Was thinking about tomorrow’s experimental, whether professor Chow would let us mounting equipments do-it-ourselves.”
Yes, in the quiet university life, the biggest change in Sheilor’s life probably would be on the other side of the table this used to wearing the black frame glasses, gentle and quiet, clean and pure, or even somewhat ice-cold female student. 
When that black ghost car drove into the Pear Garden, Sheilor and Charming two people had already recognized each other, and also from that day on, they would meet in the campus occasionally, with the increase of the nodding head and saying greeting, they began to sit down to have the meals together. Although it drew the puzzled eyes of a lot of people, didn’t know why the good family property Charming would walk this close with a small porter and auditor. Although Sheilor didn’t want to be the public focus, but he still liked to sit together with Charming more.
Charming looked at the dork on the other side, heaved a sigh in her heart. The monitoring squad of the FBI finally withdrew after maintained for a semester, the students of the campus also got used to her comeback from the S2, everything was back to serenity. But that target she wanted to contact seemed to disappear in the campus forever, if it’s quiet like this any longer, she would even have some doubt whether she had really become a pure student.
Having meals with Sheilor together, didn’t mean anything in her opinion, she just felt that a retired soldier while working as a porter, auditing in the school, wanted to go into the Nutshell company to be a mechanic engineer in the future, he was really a very hard young man, she admired this point very much. 
At the same time, she wanted to buy Sheilor a few more meals, perhaps because she had stolen his puppy biscuits before, and misunderstood him. And in her guessing, Sheilor’s economic condition might be not very good, as to why she met him on the airport bus, she thought that it was the welfare the Ministry of National Defense giving to the retired soldier…
“Next month has the bi-moon festival, the school has a dancing party.” Charming looked at him and said, “Need a male partner, would you like to go with me?”
After he heard the request, Sheilor didn’t open his mouth immediately. Charming stared at him quietly, didn’t know why she would suddenly put forward such a request like this, saw Sheilor didn’t open his mouth for a long time, she had some disappointment in her heart, not disappointed that he would refuse, but disappointed that Sheilor would retreat because of fearing those strange eyes, perhaps she would really go to attend that boring but had to attend party by herself.
“I have the money to buy the relatively appropriate clothes myself. If there is no your blind date object in the party, and also don’t have those go overboard for you people, you are not really need me to be your temporary boyfriend or shield.” Sheilor raised his head, said very seriously, “Then I would like to go with you.”
Heard so many preconditions, Charming was not angry, but laughed happily instead, a light flashed over on the lens of her glasses, very clearly.



Chapter 3
The Awkward Pear Trees

“Although you are smiling very obscene and cheap right now, pretty much have my shameless style, but… I still have to tell you a very big bad news, let you to wake up from this day wet dream, really sorry.”
The afternoon weather of the Pear Garden university was always nice and warm like this, made people slouching. Sheilor looked at that familiar beautiful face outside of the iron gate, looked at the obscene and cheap smile on that slouching rogue officer, couldn’t help scolding, “If you have a fart, just release it as quickly as possible.”
In recent months, Shielding had been busy at work, but nobody knew what he was busy with, his whole person lost weight for one size, but the lost-weight this time, let his face lines seemed more distinctly, and matched with his that pair of killing beautiful eyes, lost a bit of the charming, but had more heroic spirit, could attract the glowing eyes of those middle-aged female creatures even more.
Shielding passed a cigarette through the gap of the iron gate, also lit up one for himself, said seriously, “The yesterday flight of the Chad family siblings, had already arrived at the Coastal state airport, you have to be careful for yourself, don’t go out of the campus any more in recent days, until I give you the exact news.”
Sheilor had the holding the cigarette fingers stiff, didn’t care to light up the cigarette, he stared blankly for a moment and then thought of those two not ugly but abnormally disgusting faces. These several months he had been busy with learning the basic knowledge of the machine maintenance aspect, been busy with practicing the skills every night, been busy with experiencing the suddenly hitting his waist youth, he seemed to have already forgotten about this thing a bit. He looked at Shielding and asked, “Where do you hear the news from?”
“Don’t forget that I am the able agent of the field service office.” The tone of Shielding was now so relaxed, he also felt the unlucky in his heart, he took the huge risk to open the fire in front of the nightclub door last time, just wanted to get this pool of water muddy. But he didn’t expect that that big boss of the Ministry of National Defense didn’t want to save any face incredibly, sent his son and daughter over again after several months, he worried about his this only friend very much.
No matter how good this without any background little porter could fight, he still couldn’t be the rival of those people… And agitated Shielding the most was, Sheilor offend that couple brother and sister, it was all his fault.
“There are some people holding the grudges this much in the world?” Of course Sheilor didn’t know that there were really this kind of people in the world, those in the leading class big shots, once they had their face damaged, if they couldn’t take it back with further intensified, absolutely they wouldn’t stop, “That major you talked about was in the Third Military Region, could it be said that he transferred to the Coastal state just to deal with us?”
“They come to the Coastal of course  not for us, but clear away we these two dare to bark dogs without difficulty, I’m afraid that they would be willing to do so very much.” Shielding had a trace of gloomy flashed in his beautiful eyes, looked at Sheilor that honest and ordinary face, thought in his mind if that couple brother and sister dared to act recklessly, he would have to do something ruthlessly if he got no other choice, at most he would be fired by the organization afterward. But fire and clear away seemed to be the synonyms? He suddenly thought of this, felt the unrestrained and far-ranging in his heart instead, smiled and said to Sheilor, “Don’t be too worry, just leave it to me… But, you have to tell me, why did you smile so obscene and cheap in the sunshine just now, whether you have some good news?”
Sheilor stared blankly a bit, but Shielding had his face changed, looked at him seriously and said, “Don’t tell me, this is the first time you fall in love.”
Sheilor neither nodded his head nor shook his head, just was in a daze. Shielding looked at him blankly for a long time, suddenly opened his mouth and said seriously, “Don’t fall for it, what is love? Love is just shit.”
Although Shielding was not a gentleman, or even you could say that he was a lingering in the flowering shrubs and scourged many girls rogue, but he rarely would say such dirty and vulgar words. Sheilor didn’t get angry after he heard the words, frowned his eyebrows and then said, “Love… Is the contact eyes with eyes, the friction flesh and flesh, the exchange body fluid and body fluid.”
These three sentences shocked Shielding right away, he looked at Sheilor like looking at a stranger, thought in the mind that this looked honest guy, how could he speak out such vulgar yet terribly precise argument?
He didn’t pay attention to the still stupefied Sheilor any more, walked to that black government car. Sat on the driver seat, he looked at the side of the iron gate, in the sunshine, the still bottom not-touching the chair Sheilor, shook his head-- He didn’t have too much time to care about Sheilor’s private affairs, in these several months, he redeployed all the resources in his hand, but still couldn’t find out the location where that prince was in the university town. He even doubted sometimes, what was the organization for to pay such attention to a young man? Whether there is such a person existed in this world?
Shielding drove away, left behind the stupefied Sheilor. He raised his head to take a look at the slightly dazzling sun, thought of that it was also in this kind of sunshine yesterday, he and Charming walked slowly on the track of the athletic field, around them countless students cast their strange eyes over, it looked like that he had already against his own will and got famous? Those three words about love he said earlier, were that frequently in and out of the leisure center uncle Fengyu often nagged in Sheilor’s ears. He spoke it out, but he couldn’t agree with this kind of naked viewpoint in his heart.
Would it possible for him and Charming to keep going on? No need to have more time to think, Sheilor had already denied this. The first impression Sheilor gave Charming was very good, this was a sincere and kind-hearted young man, along with the later contacts, she found that Sheilor had more advantages, such as motivated, such as endeavor, such as attentive, but so what? She just could keep the distance carefully, yet still coveted that trace of sincerity. After all she would leave the Pear Garden university one day, went back to the side of the senator, helped him to handle those verbose affairs. She always reminded herself not to be too greedy, it would be enough to have the quiet campus life such like this, the other party ultimately was just ordinary man, perhaps he could really fulfill his dream to go into the Nutshell company, but… What relation that would be with her?
Sheilor didn’t know what kind of feeling he had for Charming, just felt that pair of eyes the other party covered with the black frame glasses very quiet, very attractive. A not up to twenty years old young man, first time to have this kind of contact with the female, hard to restrain and began to emit the light out, he liked to sit with her together, but also had to keep the distance carefully, not because of those strange and surprised eyes, not because the other party had the very good family property, but because of his own problem, he didn’t know when the federal soldiers would come to arrest him. 
Sheilor never fell in love before, neither did Charming, but they were happened to be at the age of falling in love, just like those trees in the pear garden would grow in the spring, the interesting thing was, they didn’t know what was love, what was like, but began to like this kind of feeling, but because of those real and absurd reasons, had to keep the distance, let those perhaps had or perhaps don’t have intention, only in the hearts.
Since it was only in the nobody could see heart, of course it was far from whether like it or not. They got along with each other at this time, just like the trees in the pear garden were tied with iron wire by the gardeners, awkward but lovely.
…………
…………
In the looked clean and dust free with naked eyes operating room, Charming was awkwardly and lovely operating the small size laser welding machine, tried to connect those several metal components together on the operating platform. But even though she had the extremely excellent comprehension in other subjects, once it’s her time to operate the tools, she seemed so clumsy.
At the outside of her operating compartment, several male students watched her operation with the concerned eyes, so anxious that they wished they could rush inside to replace her. Time always could let people to forget everything, now the students had long forgotten that Charming had once quitted school for a year, the naïve activity went to the S2 administrative region, in their eyes, Charming was a beautiful and lovely female student, and exactly right to have the good family property and character. Although the rumor in the campus said that Charming became weird again, liked to hang out with that very poor porter auditor, but they didn’t want to believe this, and according to the inside information of the female student apartment, Charming also completely denied the possibility that she would stay together with that poor boy.
Perhaps all were absent-mind at the same time, the response was also the same, those several students turned their heads subconsciously, looked at a completely transparent operating room next by, and then they were abnormally shocked to hear a sound “Dee”.
“Two minutes twenty three seconds!” The dressed in operating clothing professor Chow stared at the display screen on the door of the operating room with the incredible look on his face, shouted at that young man in the operating room louldly, “Sheilor! You are really a fucking genius! Yesterday you just broke the school PCSKits assembling record, today you broke the B drawing record again! Fuck! If not for you this boy only could have the single digit exam score for the historical political science and the economics, surely I would recommend you to the school to let you become a gratuitous formal student, or even very anxious to recommend you to go to the First Military Academy!”
It was said that the professor Chow was the regimental mechanic engineer of some large assembling center of the Ministry of National Defense, so far he still had the strong military style, his voice was very loud, would shock the whole laboratory building to have the buzzing sound, and what’s more, he roared out the words with the wild joy at this time. At that instant, all the students heard what he said, cast the envy and shocked eyes to that transparent operating room.
Across the flat magnified glass, the awkwardly having micro operation on the forth welding spot Charming, was shocked to look up, took off the black frame glasses and looked at the side, she couldn’t never think of, that looked very ordinary boy student, would incredibly have the talent in these aspects even professor Chow would also be shocked.
The door of the operating room was opened, the back already all wetted by the sweat Sheilor walked out, wiped the almost dripped down from the hair off with his sleeve, pretended that he didn’t see the surprised eyes around, nodded his head and gave his regards to professor Chow. The operating skill taught by uncle Fengyu teach-by-doing, was used to finish the school operating practice, of course would be much faster than these students. He was just somewhat helpless, once he put his hands on those tools, he would neglect the environment. In order to bring down the speed from the addicted status, he had already tried his best effort, even was so anxious to have the cold sweat, but it still seemed too fast a bit.


Chapter 4
Professor Ken And The Library Zone H

The fine figure and dark complexion professor Chow, didn’t look like a noble charcter and high prestige professor of the university campus, but more like a man under the blazing sun all day in the army. At this time in the single room office, his voice was still very loud, roared at the standing well-behaved in front of him Sheilor, “All the stars in the mono galaxy of the federation, are called suns by us, we just call all of them sun. Sheilor… Fuck! How could you do it this fast, have you ever learnt it before? Explain to me honestly!”
Several days in succession of the practice courses, Sheilor all showed the extremely strong operating ability in everybody’s shocked eyes, this kind of things just needed a pair of skilled hands, actually it also didn’t have any way to hide it perfectly. Professor Chow knew that this auditor still have a part time job in the school gate house, and also knew that this boy was a retired just for half a year batman, so he just stared at him curiously, seemed to not understand it at all.
“When I was a new recruit, there was a chained artillery battalion by the campsite, I went to feel out several times secretly.” Sheilor repeated the resumes and information of this identity once in his mind, lowered his head and said.
“Then you are really a fucking genius.” Professor Chow picked up the tea pot and poured a couple mouthful in his mouth, suddenly frowned his eyebrows and said seriously, “But this doesn’t represent anything, all of these are just the most fundamental things, and it’s also not necessarily to play a part in the practical work in the future, this kind of open course, regarded as the most important thing is still your design ideas. After all, we are the university, not the place to train the machine maintenance soldiers. Just speak of the speed, you are still not the fastest one. Those abnormal soldiers of the assembling base, a lot of them have the faster speed than you do. Do you understand clearly?”
“Understood.” Sheilor answered loudly, although he had some disagreements for the perspective of the professor,  what he adopted was the style of boss uncle, with faster, smoother and more accurate as the goal, with the save up more, more convenient and more could use the local materials as the goal. In other words, the damn kid was still ready to take the battleship and mecha as the household appliances to repair subconsciously. But behind those words said by professor Chow, Sheilor would really like to hear about. He knew that he was not a outrageous machine maintenance monster, it might be assumed that he wouldn’t cause the attention of that almighty and very bastard computer of the Charter Bureau.
“Unfortunately you have already retired, otherwise you should register for the examination of the petty officer of the Ministry of National Defense, it should be more suitable for you to attend the military school.” Professor Chow said with some regrets, “Now with the identity of citizen to register for the examination, your age is a bit older, and still need to wait two more years, it’s not very cost-effective. What about this, you just need to study well, I will find a chance to discuss with the student affairs department, see whether we could transfer you as the official student, as for the what tuition fee those things, you don’t need to worry too much, we still have too many scholarships and grants which were handed out by the government every year for use.”
Sheilor knew that professor Chow was telling the truth, every year the federation would input a large sum of educational appropriations, but the procedure to examine and verify the scholarship and grant was very strict, if his audit grade were excellent enough, and had professor Chow this kind of people to guarantee, perhaps he could really be transferred into an official student. If he could have the diploma, it would be a great help for him to go into the Nutshell Maneuvering company, he “Pa” had a stand at attention, said loudly, “Thank you, professor.”
“Oh, right. This is the password card of the library zone H, the materials and instruments over there are relatively complete, some of the decrypted drawings and information were also kept in the computer over there, I think it should suit your degree.” Professor Chow took out a small card and threw it to Sheilor.
Sheilor caught it, kept saying loudly, “Thank you, professor.”
Holding the compact electronic password card, Sheilor left the office, although he had already said many times thank you repeatedly, had some curiosity to that never heard of library zone H, but Sheilor still had the another words of professor Chow resounded in his mind at this time. The examination of the petty officer of the Ministry of National Defense… Sheilor had some bitter taste in his mouth, thought of that he had the longing for the future life in the remote East Forest mine tunnel in those years. But he was already in the most flourishing and advanced federal capital planet now, and soon would step on the journey to achieve the second ideal, what else he didn’t feel satisfied with? Sheilor had a deep breath, dispersed that blob of shadow in his heart, but knew it clearly, he still had a lot of dissatisfied places.
Right at this time, professor Chow also left his office, went the top floor by the elevator, consulted the secretary and saw the principal of the Pear Garden university. He looked at that full of elegant flavor face of the principal, opened his mouth and said, “That student which you asked me to pay attention to, is really good, I have already given him the password card of the library zone H.”
The principal raised his head from the big desk, took a look at him questioningly, asked, “You talk that young man named Sheilor? I thought that you had already given him the password card long time ago.”
“Why? The student without my observation personally, don’t imagine that it’s possible to own the best teaching materials in the federation!”
The principal heaved a sigh, took down the glasses and put it on the desk, said, “You are really mischievous, since I have already assigned it, you just need to act accordingly.”
“That doesn’t seem right, your presbyopia is getting too serious, and you don’t want to have the LASIC… Come to speak of it, it is just a thing for two minutes, why do you have to have this pair of glasses on?” Professor Chow rattled on ceaselessly, “Still have to let me to observe him personally, not only to observe his completion of the knowledge structure and ability of operation, but also the moral character is the most important. This boy is not bad, every time I let him to move the heaviest thing, he didn’t have any complaints, will not be a such idiot to think that I this professor am discriminate him this moneyless auditor…”
The principal had a frown on his eyebrows, waved his hand, said, “Professor Ken wrote the letter of recommendation for this young man, although I am not sure how come this young man would have this good luck to meet professor Ken, but since that letter of recommendation is real, of course I will believe in professor Ken’s eyes, what else need to be observed?”
“You said… Old Ken?” Professor Chow had his complexion changed immediately, “He had already left for more than twenty years, he still alive? Fuck, if I knew that he is the student of old Ken in private, why I still would lose my face to teach him?”
“He is not the student of old Ken, just very passionate and very talented student he met occasionally.” The principal always couldn’t get used to professor Chow’s attitude, shook his head disagreeably, “Old Ken said in the letter, don’t let that boy to know about that he had the recommendation.”
Professor Chow stared blankly for a moment, said, “Wasn’t that letter brought to here by that boy?”
“Thus why I said that you don’t need to observe on the moral character of that boy, since old Ken said like this, of course he would believe that the boy wouldn’t tear the letter and peep on it.” The principal smiled to say, “To old Ken’s eyes, I never have any doubt.”
“A student can let old Ken to look up to, you still incredibly let him to be the porter?” Professor Chow never knew what these people were thinking, scratched his head and ready to leave, just right before he opened the door, he suddenly turned his head around and asked, “Can I not participate in the bi-moons festival? I don’t know how to dance.”
“No.” The previously seemed very easy-going principal, suddenly said resolutely and decisively, “This is always the tradition of the Pear Garden university, all the people must take part in.”
Looked at the closed door, the principal of the Pear Garden university Nolan had the corners of the mouth warped up, thought of that left for many years friend old Ken. He said that he would travel around the federation, even wanted to look around the empire as well, didn’t know where he was wandering to right now. Just such a good friend in those years, said goodbye and then it’s goodbye, in the communication so developed present, even pitiless to not send even an electronic greeting card, he’s really a fickle and shameless man. Never knew that although he was an old man already, once he thought of that disappeared suddenly friend, still felt that he had a share of anger in the heart, fortunately he knew the other party was living well from that letter of recommendation, he had a bit of comfort in the heart.
And then he thought of that dancing party of the bi-moons festival, thought of the Pear Garden university this tradition carried on from more than twenty years ago, also had the relation with old Ken. In that dancing party, had a nice story happened, and the protagonists of the story were all that kind of big shots, even he was a great-hearted principal of the university, he still couldn’t have a kind of pride.
“Don’t know whether madam Tai would come to see her childe of not?” Nolan had a flicker of delighted and pleased smile floated on his face.
…………
…………
The library zone H was not inside of the library, this was a very wonderful thing. Sheilor studied that little e-card for a long time, then he thought of that he could use the computer to read the data on it, finally found that building at the most remote area in the Pear Garden university. This building hid in the boundless woods, didn’t have any marked sign around at all, no matter who walked through here, perhaps would not pay attention to that somewhat gloomy building.
Had the e-card on hand, Sheilor entered inside of the building unimpeded, he didn’t see any serve people along the way, he couldn’t help to have some doubts. But when he pushed open that door, saw the whole row up-to-the-minute processors and those big enough to let people to drool light screens, he knew that he had already entered a treasure house. 
The had the extent of authority to enter the zone H students were not that many, but not that less neither, they just searched the information from the central control computer silently, and then went into their own exclusive operating room or the simulation chamber, no one greet to the new comer Sheilor.
Sheilor uttered a sigh of relief, it looked like that this was not a very special place. Spent the whole afternoon, he then roughly browsed one time for the information which he could see on the terminal, but even so, it still could surprise him enough, and also finally understood why there was always a kind of statement, in the whole federation, besides the three big military academies and the West Forest military school, the Pear Garden university was the best school in the three big systems of the battleship and mecha aspect.
He even searched and found all the military mecha drawings before the M37 series in the computer!
The light screen kept scrolling ceaselessly, appeared the drawings he was somewhat familiar with, looked at the M02 that same as stripped off the skin internal structure, Sheilor finally couldn’t help to open his mouth and laugh soundlessly.


Chapter 5
Two Wakeful Young Men (1)

…………
…………
The several days after that, Sheilor would spend most of his time every day in the library zone H, he forget sleep, forgot food and drink, put all his heart and soul into his interest. Of course this would be a rather exaggeration, but he really didn’t let off any time that he could stay in the zone H. Those just decrypted by the military not long ago information, to he this kind of people, really was the great temptation. 
After he read all the drawings of the M series once, especially after he analyzed the internal structure of the M02 carefully, he then found out that originally the conduct on the Antique Bell was so childish and whimsical after all. The assembled out of order by him mecha, looked like that it could move, but actually it had endless danger hid inside. Fortunately that broken mecha just fell to pieces but rather than exploded.
While Sheilor was studying, he would also compare the knowledge with those he learnt from uncle boss in those years, understood some relatively fuzzy principles gradually. If he wanted to become a mechanic engineer, he had to achieve the usual mind, no matter what kind of delicate instrument he was facing, he should just take it as if he was reparing the household appliances, but yet couldn’t really take all the sophisticated equipments as the household appliances.
After all like mecha, self-propelled cannon and drive system of the battleship these kinds of equipments, must needed to bear the incomparably huge load and the kinetic energy impact carried when attacking, not like the household appliances would be just only at ease in peace. The careless omission of very detail, the quality of every electronic component, and the selection of every metal material, all would affect their performances and/or the life length of the operator.
On the light screen, the M02’s partial structural drawing of the machinery leg was enlarged to the maximum limit, in the light blue light, Sheilor open widely his eyes, stared at over there without even a blink, watched the hydraulic pipe which was hid inside of the armor behind the machinery leg. In the woods of the suburb of the West River state, he once saw that uncle took here as the breakthrough to attack the mecha personally, he analyzed for a long time seriously, finally affirmed that this hydraulic pipe really was the most vulnerable part of the M02 series mecha’s surface… Of course, this kind of fragility was also relative. If just for the normal attack, even if it was attacked by the piggyback rocket launcher, most of the energy impact would also be blocked by that layer of alloy armor, and if you wanted to stay away the alloy armor to attack that hydraulic pipe, it would need to have the extremely accurate angle and… the bendable attack means, or the could stick in the crack small and exquisite weapon.
Thought it over and over again, the thing could fulfill this requirement… Sheilor looked at his both hands subconsciously, he then understood that the words which uncle said in those years didn’t have any too many faults after all. To deal with those huge mechas, it seemed like that this pair of hands would be the most effective weapons. But if for the hands of the normal people, punched a box on the metal hydraulic pipe, surely it would be fractured and bleed, and the hydraulic pipe wouldn’t even have a vibration. Unless that pair of hands could have more tremendous power, and tighter and denser muscles.
Sheilor somewhat changed his countenance to gazed at his own hands. He knew that he surely no way couldn’t do like this right now, but obviously uncle could do it easily, if he kept practicing on that set of postures, experiencing that kind of scorching tremble, surely it didn’t mean that he could reach that kind of degree one day?
The defense of the M series mechas was very intrepid, presumably, with mechanic Fengyu that horrible strength, he still couldn’t breakthrough from the front, but the thing would be this wonderful, the seemed like perfect design of the mecha, actually all the considerations were for the attack of the hot weapons, especially the attack of the same grade weapons, but didn’t consider at all for being attacked by… human, so it left out the hydraulic pipe that loophole. After all, the top mecha designers of the federation would never think of, there would be Fengyu that kind of monster existed in this world incredibly.
…………
…………
Because he indulged himself in the library zone H, these days Sheilor seldom had the lunch with Charming, he had already told that wearing black frame glasses girl, and Charming just nodded her head, seemed that she didn’t mind at all. On the contrary, Shielding had not seen him to have the sunbath for quite a few days, had some worry, finally got hold with him through the telephone, then he knew about the lately whereabouts of Sheilor. Childe Shielding knew it clearly what the worldly ideal and interest  he this friend had, as long as he still stayed in the campus, the personal safety would be not threatened, so he also didn’t ask questions.
Every night about seven or eight o’clock, then Sheilor would leave the zone H. At this time, those good student had already left the zone H, after all, they were still in the green years, no matter how they were hardworking, none would be willing to keep staying in this cold and full of metal flavor place, and the effect of the long fatigued studying not likely would be good. 
One night, Sheilor went back to his own room, looked at the green trees in the light lamplight in the pear garden through the glass, suddenly thought of that in the valley woods of the West Forest state, the thing uncle Fengyu did to that balck M52, how could that pair of trembling hands control the movements of the mecha from the outside of the mecha? This was really rather baffling.
Once Sheilor began to think about something, it’s difficult for him to get into sleep. The present him had the further understanding to the mecha, and also understood how precious that share of magical power in his body was, of course he wouldn’t never cool down the training again, even he was very tired every night, he still would insist to finish the training. After had a shower, he sat down on the bed and turned on the light screen of the computer, began to calculate carefully, if he wanted to brought his that wonderful guess to the reality from the theory, what was the possibility to make it realized. He kept calculating ceaselessly, but he found out that he knew about that share of magical power too little, that kind of tremble also seemed to not have any fixed frequency, no matter how he guessed whimsically, it seemed that he still couldn’t have any proof from the experiment. But he still didn’t give it up, because uncle Fengyu had already shown him that kind of picture.
Countless symbols, parameters, structure drawings and characters kept flashing on Sheilor’s brain, finally became uncle Fengyu that pair of like playing piano fell on that black mecha trembling hands. The kept tormented by that kind of faint clue Sheilor couldn’t get into sleep at all, he climbed up from the bed, put on a coat, turned on the alarm system of the automatic monitoring, and walked out of the gate house. 
The midnight twelve o’clock campus was extremely quiet, especially in this woods where the library zone H located in, it’s impossible for the sound of the TV in those far away student dormitories to reach to here.
Sheilor opened the door of the zone H with the e-card, confirmed that the zone H was exactly like what it said in the information, opened twenty four hours a day. The library zone H had been no one around at this time, Sheilor walked inside of the spacious building all by himself, looked at the induction lamps around lit up along with his steps, but he didn’t have any scared feeling in his heart, on the one hand, because he had already got used to stay in the dark mine tunnel of the East Forest from a child; on the other hand, because his mind had already all occupied by the problems of the mecha and the power in his body.
Searched the information on the screen seriously, but he didn’t have any gains, this was what he expected, so he didn’t have any disappointment, just felt some tired. He rubbed on his eyes, began to walked around inside of the building, on the one hand, this would help him to reduce some of the tiredness, also he could stretch his limbs a bit by the way. Unconsciously, he walked to the front of a corridor, a H1 was marked on the wall by the side of the corridor, there was a marked name board under, the probable meaning was, the place inside of the corridor was a control area, people without the corresponding extent of authority please don’t go in.
Sheilor looked at the corridor curiously, he couldn’t understand why the Pear Garden university would still have a H1 area in the already seemed weird library zone H. Curiously was just curiously, he also didn’t have the thought to go into that area, because he could deduce very easily, the extent of authority of the admittance shouldn’t be too low, it should be possessed by those professional researchers of the school, he was just an ordinary student, how could it possible for him to enter inside.
He just walked a few steps toward the inside of corridor, narrowed his eyes, and wanted to see clearly what materials of that weighty door was made of. But just when he walked inside the scope of five meters from that door, the corridor suddenly had the light blue light lit on, a deep electronic composition voice sounded, “Information front end characteristic code, please accept the chip to scan and prove the identity.”
Sheilor was frightened by the precipitate sound, he didn’t expect that he even didn’t touch the door of the H1 area at all, had already activated the authorization program of the electronic monitoring, he wanted to back away from the corridor subconsciously, but the around had already been full of the light blue layers of lines, it looked like that the chip scan had already begun. If he left at this time, whether would he be considered as the intruder by the electronic monitoring program? He had a little bit of fear to stand in those scan light, prayed secretly that the scanning would be ended soon, once the electronic monitoring program judged that he didn’t have the extent of authority of admittance, the door of course wouldn’t open, and he also could leave then. Sheilor thought in his mind that he shouldn’t have the strong curiosity like this, it was only insomnia… how come it would cause such a big movement?
The development of the situation didn’t develop according to what Sheilor expected, the shouldn’t be seen originally scanning waveband was designed to show the light blue color lines by the designers, those lines finally focused on the chip in his nape, finished the scanning procedure, but didn’t send out the alarm sound to ask him to leave. 
“Identity pass the approval, serial number secret, personal information secret.” The mechanical electronic composition sound seemed to become a bit lively at this moment, “Welcome to enter the H1 area.” 
Sheilor looked at that door to retract inside of the wall in surprise, of course he didn’t have the thought to pay attention to this made of alloy metal weighty door at this time, he was shocked to think, why he just stood in the corridor, scanned over, then he passed the identity approval? Could it be that professor Chow besides gave him an e-card, also input his personal information to the system?
He couldn’t figure out this thing temporarily, looked space covered by those gentle light lines at the end of the corridor, the strong curiosity defeated his discretion, he walked to the inside. The weighty alloy door closed up behind his back, Sheilor took a look around, found out that the construction structure of the H1 area was very simple, there were two rooms by both sides of a small lounge, he turned to right side habitually, and opened that door.


Chapter 6
Two Wakeful Young Men (2)

With whole body tiredness, full head of problems, thirsty for sleeping but couldn’t sleep because of hyperactivity, this kind of feeling made him really uncomfortable. 
Sheilor rubbed on his somewhat dry eyes, looked at the that alloy mecha connected with countless cables at the end of the open room, suddenly he didn’t feel earlier that kind of mental suffering any more, had his spirit lifted without any reason, and his eyes also got brighter. It’s really beautiful, the pure black body surface reflected the light matte, and those cables connected to each port on the wall behind it, would according to the difference of the data transmission or the energy, were painted into all kinds of different colors, some red, some white, some blue… It’s just like a black ancient warrior, countless color ribbons tied behind its back, blew up by the wind of the wasteland, dancing in the air ceaselessly.
Sheilor gasped in admiration to watch this scene, suddenly he felt that nowhere was not a beautiful scene on this world, even this kind of cold metal and technology, still could let people to feel so much pleasant. After the shock because of feeling the beauty, Sheilor came back to himself gradually, and fell into the pleasant surprise again. After all, this was the second time he saw the real mecha in his this life, last time on the Antique Bell, the appearance of that broken M02 was such like the garbage, but this hung on the platform not far from him mecha, was so fresh and alive, it seemed like that it would come alive at the next moment.
He got close to the wall that side cautiously, although he already got the admittance permit, but suddenly saw that a seldom seen among the people mecha showed up in front of him, it still was difficult for him to restrain the nervousness and excitement in his heart.
This was the prototype of the M series mecha, stripped off all the weapon system and the cabin door of the operating cabin. Sheilor walked to the place under the mecha, looked up at the shining metal light in the mid-air it, very simply distinguished its model. Found the terminal light screen in this open room, he took a look carefully, then he knew what this room was for, it turned out to be a simulation chamber for the mecha operation. Virtual training technology had already been developed hundreds of years ago, the problem was always not ripen, didn’t have the generalization in the federation at present, Sheilor looked at those descriptions on the light screen curiously, found out that this series of technology was that series of military technology which he had already guessed on the electronic magazine.
Sheilor had the interest on operating the mecha far not as big as he had on repairing the mecha, but he knew it more clearly, an excellent mechanic engineer, certainly would have the absolute understanding to the object which he was studying on, further needed to have the long time to operate it personally, then he could have the quicker and more accurate judgment to those slight places. The Pear Garden university provided the students such an excellent training condition, just right that he had the great doubt in his mind about the relation between the magical power from his body and the mecha operation, of course he wouldn’t let off such a good opportunity.
Rubbed his somewhat ice-cold hands, rubbed his somewhat reddish eyes, Sheilor calmed down the excitement in his heart. Along the machinery leg which was even bigger that two people’s waists combined, the designers built the armor exterior skillfully to make it like the gangway ladder by the side of the leg, that made this kind of climb seemed not so difficult. Sheilor sat in the operating cabin, looked at the open space in front of him, he had a kind of weird feeling in his heart, his palms shivered slightly, put on the ergonomic touch screens by both sides of the body, this kind of touch screen, surely wouldn’t be the same as the military real mecha system, but for test, training and be familiar with,  it should be more than enough.
At that moment when he put his palms on the touch screen, the black M prototype mecha sent out the “Zee” current conveyance sound, a very thin light screen was dropped down on the originally empty place where the cabin door was, occupied all the sights of Sheilor, it looked just like what you could see when you wearing the real helmet.
“Please select the test level for the comprehensive operational capability.”
Sheilor chose the… Lowest level VI testing environment without any hesitation. Although uncle Fengyu and Levi all praised that he was a genius, and sometimes he also thought that he was a genius, but that kind of talent always seemed to be reflected in the machine maintenance level that aspect, he wouldn’t be so arrogant to think that he could give off the star power when he operated the mecha for the first time, and incarnated into the most powerful mecha warrior of the human federation. There was nobody born with knowledge in this world, Sheilor also didn’t presume himself to be one.
…………
…………
The mecha operation training of the level VI was really simple as expected, on the light screen occupied all the sights in front, just appeared all kinds of color patches and light lines, according to introduction in the terminal explanation, just all the green color patches needed to conduct the jump, the black color patches needed to conduct the smash operation, as to those lines, they represented the energy emitted by the other party’s weapons. The only thing somewhat complicated was the operation of the weapon system, because some color patches were added on a light ring, it represented that it needed to conduct twice to five times attacks in variety, then he could destroy the target.
The speed of the system testing was very slow at the beginning, but with more and more the targets which the mecha could steer by or destroy, those moved from the far side in the light screen color patches and light lines would pickup the speed gradually, to make Sheilor headache more, the appearance of those color patches and light lines didn’t have any law to be predicted, he only could rely on his attention and that pair indulged in the micro world many years and seemed extremely calm eyes to judge.
Sheilor never really operated the mecha before, those command input on the touch screen all needed him to test several times, and then he could remember all the operation commands. A new learner like him just wanted to let the mecha to walk and to move, that would be counted as a very amazing thing. But when he was hit by the light lines for the thirty fourth time, heard the mechanical electronic composition voice to report that he was dead and the mecha damaged, he still couldn’t help to have the endless gloom.
First time he insisted for… One second, the mecha’s left machinery leg entangled the right machinery leg, fell down onto the ground and destroyed itself successfully. The second time he insisted… Two seconds, the mecha difficultly stepped out the left foot in the simulation light screen, and then penetrated by a light line, the transmission gear on the left leg was out of order, he was judged fail. The third time he insisted… Three seconds. If he could keep on like this, every time could insist one more second, as tough as the East Forest stone Sheilor perhaps still wouldn’t have any frustrate emotion, because he originally was a piece of white paper in this aspect. But the problem was, after he was finally familiar with all the operation command inputs successfully, could let his hung in the mid-air mecha to walk and run neatly, but he found out that he couldn’t avoid those blowing on him barriers and light lines completely in the light screen, those mounted by the program barriers and weapons were coming too fast, he had striven for thirty four times, the longest time which he could insist in one time was nothing… But only five seconds.  
“It’s too abnormal!”
Sheilor’s character was doomed that he wouldn’t consider that this kind full of color patches and light lines test too boring, originally it was the primary simulation technology of the federation, it’s impossible that the 3-D pictures of the lifelike city streets and buildings or the mountains and woods would be revealed on the light screen, but he really somewhat couldn’t stand this kind of feeling for the consecutive fails and losing sight of making progress. This was just the lowest level test, it’s already so difficult to pass, Sheilor wiped the sweat on his forehead off, couldn’t help to have the endless worship to those mecha soldiers of the federal military in his heart. For that seized the mecha successfully, like a demon wandered on the mountainside uncle, he even felt that the other party was like a high mountain, no matter how, he still couldn’t get close to him.
“Fuck, fuck.”
Basically Sheilor would only say the curse words in front of the closest people, most of the time, it’s when he was alone by himself and had the frustration, then he would say “Fuck” this word. When he said “Fuck” this word, it would just be that decent and serious, with clear articulation and a mellow and full tune, and constant forceful, it seemed like that he was saying “I love you, federation”. The sweat on his forehead came out again after he wiped it off, he stared at the “fail” this incomparably huge word on the light screen in gasps, breathed out the sulks long.
How to improve the reaction speed and the operating speed? It seemed like that there was a jargon in the mecha operation called APM? Sheilor stared at his both hands blankly, but he didn’t have any thought to give it up at all. Because he came to the zone H today, originally he just wanted to check out the relation between the power in his body and the mecha operation, although he had already tested for many times earlier, and only could insist for eight seconds, but the thing which he really wanted to test was still not conducted yet.
Closed the eyes and recalled those ten postures all over again, a share of light warm feeling began to simmer on the back of his waist, carefully he felt that share of warm feeling to become scorching hot, and then turned into those trembles on the skin, only covered under the clothes, so it didn’t unfold before anyone’s eyes.
“Level VI test start.”
Those had been incomparably look familiar color patches and light lines, all surged toward him from all the directions on the light screen, only left few reaction time and dodge room for the mecha which showed up in the virtual set with the first person point of view. Sheilor both hands moved and clicked quickly on the touch screen, input one after another commands, only he could knew it clearly, the present situation had already had some subtle changes from earlier. When those color patches and light lines entered into his eyes, the brain had the reaction in the shortest time, however, the command from the brain to the finger seemed to not transmit through the nerve tract in the body, but was grabbed the load bearing right by that share of hot stream and tremble in the body subconsciously…
Made progress finally, eleven point seven seconds. Sheilor leaned against the seat of the operating cabin weakly and limply and feebly, he was all drenched in the sweat. In a world of his own, he even didn’t notice the body internal change earlier, to tell the truth, those too subtle changes, really couldn’t be observed by human itself, only could be reflected from the result. His belly made a “Goo Goo” sound, a kind of hard to restrain hunger emerged, Sheilor took a lick on the dry lips, he had already got use to this kind of phenomenon, every time after that share of familiar tremble appeared, he would feel the incomparably hungry and tired.
He didn’t leave, kept doing the attempt which only one had ever done in the federal history, but he also didn’t make any progress anymore, the best performance still stopped on eleven point seven seconds this very poor number.
Finally one time, in the strong gloom, Sheilor couldn’t control that share transmitted to the finger tremble, just heard “Crack” the sound, two pieces of precision and expensive touch operation screen… Were broken into countless components and light screen fragments!
He stared blankly at these fragments under his hands, suddenly came back to himself, damaged such delicate instruments of the school, didn’t know how many credits he would be deducted. Tried hard to bear the tiredness and the hungry, he climbed down the M prototype, cleaned up the fragments inside, and then sneaked out of the room like a thief.
After he got out of the room, Sheilor was somewhat surprised to find out that there was a cup of hot coffee on the tea table of H1 that lounge, and several plates of snacks. He swallowed down the slobber, it was already late at night at this time, there was also no place to have a meal, he really couldn’t resist the hunger of his belly-- He took a look all around cautiously, confirmed that there seemed to be nobody coming to here, then he walked over to there.


Chapter 7
Two Wakeful Young Men (3)

The library zone H was already the most remote, quiet and hidden building in the Pear garden university. But behind this building, surrounded by the lakes and dense woods, there was also an extremely quiet small villa, if without the permit of the school authority and the master inside, perhaps nobody could see this small villa.
“Master, the coffee and your favorite roe cake are ready.” The dressed in steward uniform uncle Ken hunched his body forward slightly, said calmly to that sitting on the sofa young man, “But I still strongly suggest that you should adjust your rest time, although the people outside know faintly that you are in the university town, but it’s no need for hiding the identity and then always hide in the daytime and come out at night, this would be bad to the health.”
The leaning on the sofa young man put down the file in his hand, silenced for a moment. In front this steward Ken was one of the most trusted people in the family, he met with this steward not until after he finished the preparatory courses in the Capital University, had tried several times, then he knew that he could let him to give up master this address, so he gave up. But that hiding in the daytime and coming out at night was a thing he couldn’t help, Charlie Tai didn’t have any object that he was afraid of in the whole federation, he just had the habitual insomnia, this insomnia bad habit started when he was eleven years old, and always couldn’t find a way to cure it. Actually he knew it clearly, the insomnia was all because of the pressure, those infinite pressure, since he had the intelligence, began to surround him.
The face of the young man seemed a bit pale, he stood up from the sofa, said to steward Ken, “I have already got used to it.”
Steward Ken bowed respectfully and cautiously to that walking out of the villa, but he was thinking about the pale face of his master in his heart. Been getting along for several months, of cause he knew about the insomnia of his master, but he also couldn’t solve it, because they these most loyal servants of the Tai family all knew it clearly, their master would bear what kind of pressure in the future life. Every federal citizen knew about that there were seven big families in the federation, but they seemed to forget, actually very long time ago, there was only one name family stood proudly above all the people in the federation-- That was the Tai family.
Thirty seven Constitution Calendars ago, the last emperor majesty of the Tai family ended his own family’s rule with a smile, and then began to hide in the shadow of the history. No matter how the history was written, the federal citizens all thanked that distant Tai family, for the federation developed to the democracy and freedom this direction, made the biggest sacrifice and the most intelligent choice. But nobody knew, that once mastered the fortune and power of the whole human society Tai family, after countless years, what kind of power they still possessed in the dark. This thing even the other six families of the seven big families couldn’t know completely, just no any force ever dared to show the irreverence to the Tai family face to face.
As the seven generations of more than heir of the Tai family, the master was just a seventeen years old young man after all, could he bear such a big pressure? Steward Ken thought of the anticipation which madam had for the future development of the federation, couldn’t help to have some distressed feeling to that slightly pale face young man, but then he knew that he shouldn’t reveal this kind of too conversant feeling, because this was the disrespect to his master. He walked to the side of the sofa, began to clear up the files which his master had already finished reading today, and then put these paper files into the stove to burn, not leaving any trace.
The flame swallowed the information which Charlie Tai read earlier, on those white paper, recorded that the leader of the anti-government had already arrived the Capital District secretly by taking the private jet, began the journey to run for the federal senator, and not until the night after tomorrow, then the whole federation would know about this news. Also recorded on one white paper, the family background in the East Forest senator Palmer, in a small party for the close friends, expressed very cautiously, for the presidential campaign of next year, he had some thoughts.
Normally, the seventeen years old young men would just read the comic books or the novel books, only the heir of the Tai family would read the things like these, this kind of life, it’s hard to not have the insomnia.
…………
…………
The lake side villa had a secret passage, directly lead to that named H1 mysterious area behind the library zone H of the Pear Garden. Charlie Tai silently stood in the corridor, after scanned by the light blue lights, entered into the alloy door, chose that room on the right habitually and pushed open the door. 
This kept being looked for by all kinds forces, tried to get in touch with, called “Prince” heir of the mysterious Tai family didn’t need to worry anything about his security, because permission authority for this area only had steward Ken and him two people, even that principal didn’t have, there was no monitoring over here as well, those agents of the Secret Service also didn’t need to follow him to come in. Of course his identity didn’t need him to strive for becoming a successful mecha warrior or a mechanic, but he still came to H1 every night on time, conducted those boring trainings. That was because the previous generation master of the Tai family, his father, repeated somebody’s words more that once when he was still alive: Mecha this kind of thing, besides for the special military operation, basically was a kind of gaudy garbage. But… The process trying to control a huge machine with the human body, could sharpen one’s will and change one’s temperament.
For the status incomparably noble Charlie Tai, he came to the H1 every night, there was one more reason, that was every time he had the sweat all over after worked hard in the laboratory room, he always would have a kind of carefree feeling. And had a cup of coffee, had a couple of snacks, then he could barely get into the poor-quality sleep. 
The passage from the lake side villa to the H1 area and the passage from the library zone H were totally two inside out directions. Charlie Tai turned to the right, the came earlier Sheilor also turned to the right, these two people just went right into the opposite rooms exactly.
After a period of time, another room had the door opened, Sheilor walked out of the room, took a look blackly at that put on the thermostatic plate coffee in the lounge, the belly “Goo Goo” made a couple sounds out. 
After Sheilor left, the H1 was still very quiet. After a period of time, the seemed more tired, but the face had some blush Charlie Tai walked out of the room, a drenched all in sweat clothes was put on his forearm. The face of the young man had the good features, although could be said that it’s a valiant look, but still was very impressive. Now he had a trace of satisfaction flashed on his face, today he finally passed the level III, although it took him the whole half a month, but that kind of sense of achievement seemed to be not less that any success he had in these years. 
There was no monitoring over here, no family servants around, Charlie Tai was distracted for a moment, suddenly shouted at the empty building, seemed to release something out. But obviously he seldom did this kind of thing, the shout stopped abruptly, slightly had the embarrassment on the face, and then returned to the customary indifference and calm.
Charlie Tai walked into the lounge habitually, sat on the chair, reached out his right hand habitually, picked up the hot coffee cup, and put it to the mouth and had a drink. 
There was nothing in the cup at all.
………..
………..
Charlie Tai had his eye pupils contracted with a rush, then he felt that the weight of the cup was much lighter than it was usually. Took a look with the corners of his eyes, then he found out that the roe cakes on the plate also missed several pieces, there were some food residue left on the table. He stood up alertly, took a glance at the comprising everything in sight space of the H1 area with the fastest speed, put his finger on the beeper, once he pushed it down, steward Ken would immediately bring those agents of the Secret Service to rush to here to protest his safety. 
But Charlie Tai didn’t push it down, because he noticed that a paper was put on the table by his side. Usually he would also leave some notes here to steward Ken, so he prepared a pen and a stack of white paper over here, but obviously today the handwriting on this paper was not his, and also not steward Ken’s. Charlie Tai frowned his eyebrows, picked up the thrown onto the ground clothes to wrap around his fingers, then picked up that piece of paper.
“I am very sorry, I am really too hungry after the practice, took your food without any asking, although I don’t know who you are, whether want to eat it, I am really very sorry. Oh, right, those cakes seem bad, it tastes funny. I will bring you some good things to eat tomorrow night, hope you don’t get angry.”
Charlie Tai put down the paper, suddenly turned around and walked to another room, pushed open the door of that room, he walked to the front of the terminal screen, found that there was bag of garbage hid behind the light screen, it seemed to be the fragments of the touch screen. He somewhat didn’t understand even more what happened indeed, he turned on the terminal screen curiously, wanted to see what on earth that guy came into here earlier did. 
“Level VI? Eleven point seven seconds? It’s really and idiot!” Charlie Tai gave out the fair evaluation unceremoniously. According to the data input speed of the computer statistics, this man obviously was a newcomer, how would he think of to challenge the most difficult level VI unexpectedly? It looked like that this man really knew nothing.
Although Charlie Tai could insist over half a minute if he went to challenge the level VI, but he wouldn’t absolutely go to take the second attempt, because the test time of the level was twenty minutes long, and the speed would be faster and faster, if not for the top strong people of the federation or the empire, it’s impossible to pass it. No, even the strongest mecha warriors of the federation or the empire, were also impossible to pass the level VI. Charlie Tai turned off the terminal screen with the gloomy face, had the endless anger to that stupid intruder in his heart.
Drank his favorite Ghata coffee, ate his favorite Caspian roe cake, still said that his cake went bad unexpectedly… Charlie Tai walked back to the lounge in quick steps, silenced for a moment, and then left his reply on the bottom of the paper habitually.
“Read!”
…………
…………
“Master, principal Nolan went to the Ministry of Education to attend a meeting, it seems like to prepare for the matters concerned about that the First Military Academy is ready to visit the Coastal university town. You bet that I will let him to explain about this.” Steward Ken lowered his head to cover his nervousness, once he thought of that master would stay in the H1 with an intruder alone for tens of minutes, he could help to have the fear after the event, “The laboratory report of that coffee cup and the roe cake was out, they don’t contain any poison, the pen and the paper also don’t have any problems.”
“Found the identity of that intruder yet?” In the afternoon sunlight, the just got out of the bed Charlie Tai seemed to have the better spirit that usual, he asked calmly as far as possible. 


Chapter 8
Two Wakeful Young Men (4)

…………
…………
“The central control computer of the H1 gave out the confidential information answer very strangely, but through the monitoring devices of the school, the Secret Service found out that this man is called Sheilor.” Steward Ken replied, “And the finding by the family, this man entered into the Pear Garden university last year, he is recommended by professor Ken.”
“Professor Ken? The designer of the H1?” Charlie Tai had the blank slightly, asked, “After all, it’s him, no wonder that student could enter into the H1. That student knows about my identity?”
“Principal Nolan is a prudent people, it shouldn’t have this kind of problem happened.” When mentioned the principal of the Pear Garden university, steward Ken didn’t have any too respectful meaning in his tone.
Charlie Tai silenced for a moment, thought of last night that ate his roe cake intruder, thought of the less than stellar taste of the other party, especially thought that empty coffee cup… It meant that he touched that man’s mouth indirectly, Charlie Tai felt incomparably annoyed and angry in his heart, but he didn’t reveal anything on his face, just taunted calmly, “Prudent? I can’t tell it out at all.”
Charlie Tai of course wouldn’t put the principal of the Pear Garden university in his eyes, even couldn’t be said that he had the respect for the designer of the H1, but only because his parents met in this university before, and his parents had the good relationship with the principal and the professor Ken, so he didn’t express too indifferent in front of the steward.
Principal Nolan went the Capital District to attend the special meeting of the Ministry of Education, about the problem of that accidental intruder, they couldn’t have any appropriate disposition right away. Charlie Tai suddenly thought of that words which the steward said just now, the First Military Academy will be going to visit the Pear Garden university? He frowned his eyebrows, smelled a share of pleasing taste which he didn’t like at all. 
Tai family had already been staying on the top of the human society for too many years, it’s so long that even Charlie Tai couldn’t remember all the history of his family sometimes, thirty seven Constitution Calendars ago, the Tai family ended the rule to the human society, since then, now matter how the form of government would change, even the present federation was established six hundred years ago, they still kept some very important tradition all the time. Similar to the tradition of these big families, the several big military academies of the federation actually were also established before the present federal system. From ages ago, the descendant children of the Tai family, all studied in the First Military Academy, this was a kind of tradition, a glorious tradition recognized by both sides. But the only exception was more than twenty years ago, the last generation master of the Tai family… against all the people’s expectation, chose the Pear Garden university. Because the last master of the Tai family was exactly Charlie Tai’s father, he was a literature and art breath very strong character, didn’t have any interest in the politics, military and economy these kinds of things, and he also seldom took part in these kinds of things, so besides the surprised and lost, the First Military Academy also had to accept this reality reluctantly.
The problem was, now the prospective master of the Tai family began to study and experience in the human society once again, but gave up the First Military Academy once again, chose the Pear Garden university, this let those big bosses of the First Military Academy to feel humiliated, they didn’t know what on earth the stood high above the masses Tai family thought about, presumably the matter about that they would come to visit soon, should also have the relation with the hiding in the Pear Garden university Charlie Tai.
Steward Ken saw that his master fell into meditation, guessed out very exquisitely what he was thinking, so he explained in a soft voice, “Where the First Military Academy had the news from, we still can’t find out yet.”
“It’s likely that they guessed it out, after all, there are a lot of great people in the First Military Academy, they just could let my father to choose the Pear Garden university helplessly in those years, how can they possibly not remember this kind of humiliation.” Charlie Tai said calmly, “Since even Chavis and Youzhi could know that I am in the Pear Garden, it may be assumed that there are few people not knowing in the whole federation.”
“Young Chad is somewhat damn shame. That couple brother and sister have already come to the Coastal state once several months ago, it’s said that they caused some small troubles in the city… Master, do you think that we should give a warning to the Ministry of National Defense side?” 
Although steward Ken was only a steward of the Tai family, but besides in front of his madam and master, no matter which any dignitary of the federal government he was facing, he still would behave extremely arrogant just like the nobleman in those novels. Warning seemed to be just a mild word, but if this word was coming out from the Tai family, that would represent the extremely mighty pressure and execution, probably a lot of people would lose their future, or… Even life.
Charlie Tai looked at steward Ken calmly, in his calm eyes had the deep coercion faintly, he said every single word precisely, “Don’t forget, the era of the imperial authority have already passed thirty seven thousand years. The present federation is a government by law society, I am only a descendant of the Tai family, and it’s impossible to be what a real prince. I don’t want to warn you one more time, it’s impossible for the past glory to come back, you also don’t try to think about this, moreover, as far as I can see, those glories were just the shame and guilty in the slightest.”
“The history couldn’t be turned back the clock, at least wouldn’t be in my hands.”
Charlie Tai put down the information about that called Sheilor intruder, narrowed his eyes to warn his steward. The reason why he would warn him so seriously, that’s because he knew it clearly, once he expressed his opinion about something or somebody, the spread all over the whole federation terrifying influence of the Tai family would play its role, but he didn’t want to be such like that. Especially that couple brother and sister of the Chad family, although he didn’t consider that couple brother and sister as his friends, but when he was early youth, this couple brother and sister accompanied with him, and the attitude to him was always respect, he didn’t want that the other party would have any disaster just because they wanted to get close to him.
And his mother seemed to say it once at will after the meal, Youzhi Chad this girl should have the good capability to give birth to children by looking at her ass. Although Charlie Tai was very uncomfortable to his mother this kind of like picking mating female tone. But he also knew it clearly, if Youzhi had already become one of the possible targets in his mother’s eyes, then if steward Ken did something in private for him, it would cause some big troubles.
“The thing about last night, entirely confidential.” Charlie Tai tapped his finger couple times lightly on the information about Sheilor, emphasized his tone and said, “Don’t let the people of the family to know about it, I don’t want my mother to worry about this.”
Steward Ken hesitated for a moment and then gave him his promise, then he said, “Before we can remove the permission authority of that called Sheilor student, master you can’t go into the H1 area any more.”
“I don’t need you to manage my business, since he is the student professor Ken recommended, it may be assumed that my mother also wouldn’t  be nervous even she knew about it.” Charlie Tai said, “Those agents of the Secret Service, also let them to stay a bit farther away, don’t always follow behind me, I have some difficulties even when I breathe. I am already the prisoner in this villa, but I still can’t let those guards to stare at me all the time.”
“That the agents of the Secret Service is the goodwill which president Hoover coveys to madam…”
Not waited until steward Ken to finish his words, Charlie Tai had his eyebrows frowned up, “Hoover this idiot, is doomed to step down from the president next year, could it be said that he still counts on my mother to continue to help him to stay in the office?”
“Of course president Hoover doesn’t have such a huge ambition, he just hopes that he could go into the foundation after he left office.” Steward Ken picked up the topic very naturally, said seriously, “Madam will meet with senator Palmer tomorrow, discuss the matters about the election next year.”
“Palmer is the person who my mother and I all admire very much.” Charlie Tai silenced for a moment and said, “But the more she admire, my mother would have the disappointments the more, an righteous and excellent politician, how could he be willing to be influenced too much by those families and tycoons?”  
“Maybe madam will make out a very tempting price.”
“At most both sides only can reach some kind of compromise.” Charlie Tai didn’t want to think about those nuisances which a seventeen young man shouldn’t think about originally, he walked to the bedroom on the second floor. 
The color of the sky outside was getting dark gradually, after rest a period of time, he would still be ready to go to the H1 according to the usual routine. He didn’t want his mother to know about this thing, on the one hand, that’s because he wanted to have some space, secret and freedom belonged to himself; on the other hand, because he didn’t want his mother to know the news that professor Ken was still alive subconsciously. As to Sheilor, he never took notice of, in the opinion of this noble childe, that intruder was only a retired soldier with the extremely good luck, and also possessed the… Extremely lousy lifestyle, perhaps… Also with some interesting? 
The walking to the upstairs Charlie Tai had a flicker of mischievous smile floated on the corners of his mouth.
…………
…………
The rarest food materials Sheilor ever had in his this life, probably would be the buffalo which he butchered with his own hands, of course it’s far from how high the lifestyle which it would be. On his tongue, the precious Caspian roe was just a kind of very disgusting and like salted smelly egg yellow taste, and the granules were a bit too big, that increased the disgusting feeling a bit more. His taste buds couldn’t adapt to those tiny explosions, thus he would remind that student on the paper: The cakes you brought seemed to go bad.
That night, Sheilor still lost sleep, the experiment in the H1 area ended in failure at last, the magical power in his body didn’t show that kind of intrepid strength like what uncle did when he used it on operating the mecha. He was not sure whether it’s problem of his own ability or he went the wrong way. But that kind of subtle possibility still let him to keep thinking and getting excited, he kept thinking, if not for the tremble of the fingers was too strong, caused two operating touch screens broken, whether he could really find out some wonderful things? In addition to this, the more he thought about was, he ate other people’s the night snack last night, he felt very ashamed, because taking without asking is stealing… Although he had stolen the door of the coffee shop with Levi before, but he did install it back at the same night. Sheilor decided that today he would bring some night snacks for that student as the compensation, but just didn’t know whether the other party would still stay up late tonight.
What he wanted to experience was the relation between the mecha operation and the power in his body, that kind of mysterious tremble in his body absolutely couldn’t be seen by other people-- For security, it’s impossible for Sheilor to go into the H1 area at the daytime, so he waited in the gatehouse all day long, until when it’s all quiet at dead of night, then he carried his that grinded somewhat whitish backpack, came to the most remote place of the Pear Garden in the dark.
Before he walked into that room on the right, Sheilor walked into the lounge first. Saw that big “Read” word on the paper, he couldn’t help to laugh out, he thought in his heart that this student also was a funny man. He saw that there were still the hot coffee and cakes on the tea table, Sheilor hurried up to move his eyes away, he was really almost choked to death by this kind of cake.
Put down the paper back which had the soybean mild and deep-fried dough cake inside, Sheilor took a look at that closed door, then walked into the room belonged to himself.


Chapter 9
The Beginning Of The First Machine

The backpack was full of small size self-powered maintenance tools, a lot of components and the high strength screen standard wafer, these things were all ordered on the net, cost Sheilor more than ten thousand dollars. Fortunately, the present logistics industry was extremely advanced in the federation, these things also not the materials of control, thus he didn’t lose any time, he was ready to repair those two touch screen for good which he broke last night. But when he walked to behind the terminal light screen, he found out that those piled together by him carefully screen fragments… Were missing.
Put down the heavy backpack in surprise, Sheilor had a touch on his own head, along the gangway ladder on the machinery leg, climbed into the operating cabin of the prototype mecha, somewhat gladly to find that two touch screens appeared by the sides of his hands, he had the extremely good mood at this time, couldn’t help to have more gratitude to the Pear Garden university, but he just didn’t know that these two light screen were changed for good by steward Ken, who was responsible for the cleaning and the clear-up of the H1 area.
Although the childe of the Tai family always just had this steward Ken shown up by his side, but actually this private butler was leading five groups, up to sixty professional staffs, to have the all-around services exclusively for Charlie Tai one person, changing two touch screens for good in one day was really a thing too simple.
Sheilor of course didn’t know that he had gained some advantage from another great personage, enjoyed the highest level logistics service in the whole federation. He had already sat inside of the operating cabin, began the practice of the level VI, but he conducted extremely cautiously tonight, controlled that stream of tremble in his body or the output strength of the hot stream consciously…
Very wonderful, it’s very wonderful, facing those getting quicker and quicker light lines and color patches on the light screen, Sheilor even didn’t have a blink on his eyes. All carved into his own brain, yet just by thinking about it, the muscle and nerve seemed to pop up a channel suddenly, that share of hot stream or tremble would along that channel, royally and rapidly transferred his thinking to his fingers, thus could move quickly on the touch screen, input one after another commands.
But it’s still very embarrassing, the best score eleven point eight seconds improved point one second than last night, could this also be counted as an improvement? The sweat all over Sheilor sat in the cabin seat weakly and limply. The sweat dripped down along his black hair, his fingers ceaselessly shivered slightly because of the excessive exercise, this kind of shiver purely was the after-effect of the exhaustion, didn’t have a bit miracle in it.
Sheilor sat in the operating cabin on the mecha abdomen as if thinking of something, kept recalling every act and every move which uncle had in the valley in the first place, the fingers imitated those once seen movements. Suddenly, he stood up, looked down along the side mecha interlayer of the operating cabin, couldn’t help to blow a whistle, it looked like that there were still some differences between the drawings and the reality. Although those data flexible flat cables and the sensing devices were under the cover of the mecha, but they didn’t have the insulation control between with the mecha. Faintly, Sheilor roughly understood, how uncle Fengyu that pair of magical hands controlled the mecha movements through the mecha surface-- Probably that kind of tremble in the body, could leave the human body, formed some kind of similar to the current or data stream thing, entered into the data transferring line through the surface of the alloy mecha.
This was a whimsical thought, the human body was not the generator or even not the sensor, how could it possible to have the exchange with the machine through the current or data stream? But in addition to this, Sheilor really could think of a way to explain the ability which uncle once displayed. Sheilor sat back into the seat, and then fell into the long thinking, if he wanted to prove his guess, proved that kind of tremble in the body could transfer into the fixed frequency band wave under certain circumstance, or even could control the mecha, then he needed to enter into the top laboratory of the federation.
It’s been a year, in Sheilor’s body that kind of could burst forth tremendous power tremble had been hid under his skin, no more could catch the attention that much, but became certain kind of slight numb hot stream, kept circulating along some certain channel in his body… But this was nothing to do with he operating the touch screen. Unless he could obtain an already been eliminated whole body interaction console of the mecha.
Sheilor wiped off the sweat from the forehead, enjoyed the clean breeze which blew in from around the console. It was said that the handling and the comfortableness of the present series mecha were even a bit better, but he was already very satisfied. In the breeze, he looked at his that pair of shivering slightly hands in a trance, didn’t know how he could release that share of hot stream in his body to the outside of the skin, let alone to mention how to use this stream of power to control the three big systems of the mecha. But even the slow coach, would also know at this time, that the ten postures which boss uncle taught him in those years, was a kind of how mysterious and strong ability, he looked at his hands blankly, suddenly felt the fear, felt that if he kept going on like this, it’s afraid of only one thing that he… Wouldn’t be himself anymore, but would become a machine, but just didn’t know whether it’s a killing machine or something else? But so what about fear? That kind of strong curiosity and the desire for the unknown, still urged on him, let him to self-explore on this without any teacher path, totally forgot the original intention which he just wanted to repair mecha, more and more sank into the mecha and his own body these two endless scopes.
What on earth boss uncle said the first machine in those years really referred to?
The exhausted but in good spirits Sheilor walked out of the room. A whole new world had already pulled open the curtain in front of him, his mind was full of the excitement totally not correspond to the body fatigue. Facing this kind of mysterious but unknown world, perhaps some people would be scared, some people would try to avoid, but not Sheilor, he would just like to wait gamely for what might happen in the future.
The door of the opposite room was still shut closely, the sound insulation was extremely good H1 area was all quiet, on the lit green light by the door indicated that somebody was inside. From the hot coffee and the went-bad cakes in the lounge, Sheilor knew that unknown name “companion” at this time  was also the same people of last night. He looked at that door curiously, thought in his heart, it’s already so late in the night, besides him, even would have somebody who couldn’t go to sleep two nights in a row? He couldn’t go to sleep, just because his mind was occupied by those bizarre and beyond understanding things, but what about that people inside there? 
The “Goo Goo” grunting belly reminded him that he was in the state of extreme hunger. Sheilor walked into the lounge with the bitter face, finished his that share of soybean milk and deep-fried dough cake voraciously, and then began to look at the soybean milk and deep-fried dough cake which he brought to that man originally with green eyes. Sheilor had already confirmed at this time, every time once he used that kind of tremble power in his body, then he would fell into the hunger state afterward. When he broke the plastic rope in the East Forest Region, it was so; when he practiced in the gatehouse every night, it was also so. His spirit was tightened to the extreme, and the hunger also reached the unprecedented degree, these little soybean milk and deep-fried dough cake really couldn’t fill up his belly.
He mumbled some words in a low voice, it seemed like that he was apologizing to the air, and then picked up a piece of deep-fried dough cake, swallowed it down quickly, but he still didn’t feel satisfied… He kept staring at those not much food on the tea table, took a sip on the lips, somewhat embarrassedly opened his mouth to have a smile, picked up that cup of coffee quietly. 
It was still over there, that no taste guy really came to here as expected, the sweat all over Charlie Tai stared at the table in lounge with the unhappy face. He saw the soybean milk and a piece of oily causing headache thing in the paper bag, he picked up that piece of paper, saw some words written on there again.
“I’m very sorry. Brought the food too less today, really hungry, so just leave you a piece of deep-fried dough cake, and also drank your coffee… But looks like that you are also sleepless lately, coffee this kind of thing, better to drink a bit less. Huh, Huh.”
When Charlie Tai saw the last “Huh, Huh” two words on the paper, it seemed to have a giggly face flashed in front of him, he should be very angry, but didn’t know why, he had a wry smile instead.
Charlie Tai took out the soybean milk and the deep-fried dough cake from the paper bag, suddenly he was somewhat in a trance-- If somebody wanted to harm him, he would likely put down the ordinary food more than twenty days continuously, just to let him to drop his guard, what else couldn’t those people do? He looked at the soybean milk and that called deep-fried dough cake in his hands silently, had a flicker of malicious expression flashed on his face, seemed to decide to make the riskiest gamble in his life. 
He frowned his eyebrows to drink down the soybean like drinking the poison, and then gnawed the deep-fried dough cake with the tittering sound. After that, he sat down on the chair in the lounge, stayed blankly for a half day. Long time later, he said to himself in a low voice, “Deep-fried dough cake? It seems like that the taste is well enough.” he lost the interest in his favorite roe cake, a flicker of mild luster flashed in his eyes, he thought for a moment, picked up the pen and wrote down his reply on that piece of paper:
“Cheapskate.”
After he had this act which even he himself also felt incomparable childish, Charlie Tai walked into that room subconsciously, began to callout Sheilor’s training data to take a look. Even he also didn’t know, why he would have such great interest in that intruder. As expected, the insistence time for the level VI still stayed on eleven point some seconds, Charlie Tai mocked slightly to think that this guy was really an idiot. But when he was going to leave, his frowned the tips of his eyebrows, always felt on those lines of data, looked like that there were some incompatible places.
“Master, the analysis result of the First Academy is out.” Steward Ken looked at Charlie with some worry, he was responsible for cleaning the H1 area, of course he would know those left on the paper handwritings, but without his master’s permission, he wouldn’t dare to move it. He lowered his head and reported, “Been identified by the laboratory over there, they consider these data are forged.”
“Forged?” Charlie turned off the light screen on the wall, frowned up his eyebrows, somewhat didn’t understand what the matter was, these obviously were the training data of that idiot, why after identified by the experts of the First Military Academy, would have the been forged this conclusion? 


Chapter 10
The Thick Nerve

“Master, the First Academy didn’t know that it’s you test data.” Steward Ken didn’t know about this thing very clearly, he just thought subconsciously that his master had some moves on his own data, but he was unable to guess what his master’s intention was, could it be said that his master had some dissatisfactions for the matter, which the delegation of the First Military Academy would come to visit the Pear Garden university, he thought that would disturb his peaceful and quiet life?
“Maybe there are some problems in the samplings.” Charlie Tai of course wouldn’t admit his childish act to his subordinate servant frankly, he lowered his head to look at the analysis report about Sheilor’s test data, just took it as a kind of relaxation under the heavy pressure of everyday.
The more he read, the more he felt strange, of course the experts of the First Military Academy wouldn’t have the misjudgment, those thickly dotted data were really somewhat strange, it corresponded with the intuition which he had at that night. In Sheilor’s test data, got rid of the input speed of the effective instruction for the redundant data, the average was about one hundred, the peak was one twenty something. That was, in every standard time slot, Sheilor at most could input one hundred something effective instructions to the mecha, even these effective instructions were all the correct solutions, but this kind of low speed, still couldn’t last eleven point seven seconds in the level VI test, at most seven seconds it would be fail.
The data marked on the paper really had some problems. Charlie Tai looked through it curiously, his input speed of the commands approximately over four times of the other party’s, the other party really was a beginner. With the analysis of the First Military Academy to say, with this kind of input speed, if wanted to finish those dodge and attack actions of the mecha, unless the nerve reaction speed of the experimenter was high to be inconceivable. 0.0012? Looked at this calculated number, Charlie also couldn’t help to have the doubt on the reliability of Sheilor’s experimental data. 
The most important thing of operating the mecha was the reaction speed of the operator. The detection equipments of the mecha itself would check the landform and the environment, find out the hostile target or the barrier, then showed them on all kinds of display equipments which the operator could observe with the naked eye. Those light icons or data, read by people with the naked eye, entered into the brain to have the analysis, then gave the commands by the brain, arrived to the hands through the verve tracts, then input the operation commands on the touch screen, the mecha would make the corresponding actions according to the commands, this was a whole set of process. Nobody could leave out therein every single detail.
After taking the exercise, the reaction speed of the human body would likely become much faster than the ordinary people, such as those first-tier special mecha warriors of the federation or the empire, but subject to the physiological basis after all, it’s impossible to be as fast as so incredible, this kind of reaction almost equaled to zero… And yet from the data analysis and every step of the mecha operation to see, the only step could reduce the reaction time, just lied in that section of time from the brain gave the commands to the hands input the commands.
The science had already proved long ago, the process and reaction speed the human brain nerve approximately would be three hundred meters per second, the response speed would be about one-twenty-sixth second, the transmit speed of the information in the fasciculation nerve would be one hundred twenty meters per second. But backward induction from Sheilor’s experimental data, the came out reaction speed of the nerve or the transmit speed in the nerve tract, would be far surpass this numerical value in fact!
No wonder the experts in the laboratory of the First Military Academy would consider that there were some problems with this data, if the information could transfer in the human body so fast to such degree, that only could explain… That person was not a human.
Charlie Tai shook his head, put the data aside, since the data had some problems, he would also don’t have any interest to care for that idiot anymore. He also didn’t worry about whether he was the ace of some kind of force, disguised as a beginner to get close to him, because the disguiser would only pretend to bring down the reaction speed a bit, rather than creating such ridiculous nerve reaction speed out of nothing.
“Oh, right. Uncle Ken, tonight… Prepare a pot of coffee.” Charlie 
Tai thought of one very important thing suddenly, frowned his eyebrows and said, “Two cups.”
Sheilor really possessed the nerve much thicker than the average person. If changed for somebody else, when he was still an early youth, knew that his boss was the fugitive of the army, might had already gotten away from the operating room or the repair shop long ago, and then would be all of a tremble to report to the government, but Sheilor didn’t. if changed for somebody else, if caught by the special soldiers of the army, and several pitch-black muzzles pointed at him, might be frightened to urinate the pants, told the trace all about uncle conscientiously, but Sheilor didn’t. If changed for somebody else… When found out that the covered the whole federation the splendor of the First Charter couldn’t shine on himself, when he found out that he could implant the new chip on the nape by himself, might be frightened to be an idiocy, but Sheilor… Still didn’t.
Probably that was because he had already seen too many strange and curious things in his this short eighteen years life, so when he found out that the magical power in his body seemed to be even more magical than what he imaged, he didn’t have a bit panic and uncomfortable. Instead, he felt the faint excitement and desire, not the desire for the power, but the desire for the unknown.
He just understood all of this, accepted all of this, and faced all of this bravely. And he also faced it so optimistic, even he himself still was a fugitive identity not allowed by the society at present, but he still worked studied and lived happily and healthily in the Pear Garden university. Now, he had a friend, had a female friend, also had a every night never met but accompanied learning partner, and also he had the thing which he had the most interest in and was willing to pay the sweat and time. 
Of course, this kind of thick nerve just described Shelor’s character, didn’t have any relation with the conclusion of which the First Military Academy had after they analyzed the data. Sheilor didn’t know that somebody had already studied his nerve in this world, and considered those data very ridiculous. If it was him who went to check those data, actually he could easily reach the conclusion most corresponding with the physical truth.
--Nobody in this world could have the speed of the nerve reaction and transfer that fast, Sheilor couldn’t, Fengyu also couldn’t. The reason why his that so poor low APM(hand speed) could reach the effect of beyond the speed in the detection, all because when those light lines and color patches on the light screen entered his eyes, after been calculated by the brain, not through the nerve tract of the marrow pillar and those nerve cells to transfer to the hands. The reaction after the brain made the calculation, should move ahead along that share of magical tremble in the body and the channel of the heat current. If the nerve tract in the body was that broadest twelve lanes high speed high path on the suburb of the Capital District, that path which surely couldn’t be found in Sheilor’s body in anatomy, would be like the established access of the space navigation between the galaxies, no boundary, only direction; no speed limit, only spacious…
In the several nights of study and test after that, Sheilor also gradually experienced the wonderful place of this kind of singular control mode, indulged himself in and hard to extricate himself. And the time he could insist in the level VI, also was getting longer and longer, from eleven point eight seconds to seventeen seconds.
In addition to fight with the prototype mecha constantly, in these several days Sheilor also had one thing to let him to pay attention to, he found out that the student next door seemed to also have the problem of insomnia same as he did. Although so far they hadn’t met each other yet, but these two people seemed to exchange something through the corridor and through those night snacks.
Sheilor had the food portions prepared very sufficient afterwards, such as green onion pie, such as roasted sweet potato. These kinds of natural food were hard to find, and the price was also not cheap. But Sheilor would have the extra meal every night in these few months, he had the interest and was familiar with the thing on looking for night snacks, he didn’t have them the same even for one night.
He brought the roasted mutton chops over tonight, of course it’s the synthetic mutton. He looked at that pot of coffee and the small plate of the poor less cakes in the lounge, couldn’t help to have a laugh, thought in his mind that the man said that he was cheapskate, actually he was the real severe cheapskate indeed, how could so little cakes be enough to eat? Actually he found out the strange of those roe cakes afterwards, and also knew the preciousness of this kind of cake, but he still didn’t like it.
Sheilor poured himself a cup of coffee very naturally, and then humming the theme song of that long life TV drama of the channel 23, shook his body and walked into his own room. He and that he didn’t know the name Charlie Tai seemed to have a tacit understanding, the two men would all turn to the right after enter into the H1 area, wouldn’t turn to the left, so they would never bother each other.
Sheilor had already been accustomed to this kind of night, he sat in the M series prototype, began to concentrate to proceed the practice. Just occasionally in the time between the practices, he would lift his feet to put them on the alloy frame of the cabin door, while he was sipping the hot coffee, he would look at the high ceiling to think about something. Such as he was thinking at this time today, if he could find a simulation system in good condition, connected those sensors directly to the surface of the body skin, whether that would let the mecha to be operated much quicker? Although this was just a thought, that kind of judged for no future system had already been eliminated decades ago, Sheilor’s luck was not that bad, he saw it once in the garbage cabin of the Antique Bell. but where to find that in this university?
An arose suddenly voice in the cabin woke Sheilor up from the thinking, the cup of coffee in his hand nearly was thrown to the ground a few meters away.
“Is the coffee good?” A without too many emotion voice came from the speaker of the operating cabin.
Sheilor stared blackly for a long time and then came back to himself, he had already stayed in here for many nights, didn’t see other people than himself, didn’t hear any other sound. He took a look at the prompt on the light screen, confirmed that it was the internal communication, then he guessed who that voice might be right away, he lifted the coffee cup to the speaker subconsciously, said with a smile, “The green onion pie delicious? I didn’t see you left anything for me yesterday.”
The voice on the other side paused for a moment, seemed to somewhat not used to this kind of conversation, said quietly after a long time, “Whether it would be too boring just practice by yourself? Want to try to play it online?”
Sheilor stared blankly for a moment, scratched on his sweat-wet hair. He never saw that man in the other room, of course would have some curiousness, although for keeping his own secret, he never tried to open that door initiatively, but in these many days coffee and snacks, let him to feel that he seemed to be not strange to the other party. The more important thing was, these days’ practice let him to find out that he seemed to have the interest in the operating mecha more and more, and he also felt that his level was rising a bit fast, just lacked a kind of real comparison, so he was not so clear what his level exactly was. 
“Looking for abused? Then come on.” Sheilor put down the coffee cup by the side, clenched his fist a bit.
The voice on the other side paused for a moment again, seemed to never thought of that Sheilor would say such absurd words, there was some extra seriousness in the voice, “Dare to talk to me like this, there are not that many.” 


Chapter 11
Relationship Of Human Like Paper Thin

The fact proved, the one looking for abused was Sheilor, and he was abused very bad.
In the virtual set which the framework was organized in four minutes, he only lasted for a minute, then was judged as the losing side, the comprehensive failure, man and machine both were destroyed. Looked at those representing victory fireworks and the representing the loser white flag in the wind on the light screen in front, Sheilor could help to be somewhat downhearted, and had the anger to the designer who designed this virtual system, but didn’t pay attention that although the art designing of the virtual combat system was very rough, but it applied the 3-D combat simulation which even the federal military hadn’t had the successful experiment so far.
Wiped off all the sweat from the face with the towel by the side, Sheilor calmed his mood down, broke away from that kind of joy which he stumbled across the treasury several days ago, positioned himself as the beginner and bumpkin again, said to that strange but also familiar companion on the other side of the speaker with a smile, “Come again,”
The ending didn’t have too much change, in the next few times competition drills, no matter what kind of topographic condition he chose, Sheilor still was beaten by the mecha on the other side very bad, although he possessed the “nerve” much thicker than anyone did, but the combat experience of the mecha was almost zero, of course he wouldn’t be the opponent of the people on the other side.
Charlie Tai didn’t want to meet with that young student porter, his status was too sensitive, he shouldn’t have any relationship with Sheilor this kind of level character. If not for some very vague reasons, Charlie Tai even didn’t allow Sheilor to enter into the H1 area-- Even if he was the student who professor Ken recommended, even if professor Ken was the designer of the H1 area.
Didn’t know whether he was too bored for the sleepless night, or for those hot soybean milk and those he couldn’t tell the name, very oily but with a kind of speechless delicious night snacks, or for… The master of the Tai family didn’t have a similar age people appeared by the side for a long time, he allowed Sheilor to enter into the H1 area every night. But even so, he still was not going to meet with Sheilor, at this point, he somewhat appreciated that this young man knew how to behave in the delicate situation, the other party had never tried to open his room.
Not meeting didn’t mean to not speaking, Charlie Tai said to himself like this in the heart, he had some curiousness to that looked very common student, why he would be same as him to have the insomnia very night, could it be that the other party also carried the similar pressure as he did? Thought of this, Charlie Tai couldn’t help to laugh up himself, in this world, it was impossible that the people of his age had the same pressure as he did.
Just started in a words because of boredom, then it somewhat couldn’t be held back. Since they began to talk, whether he should have a fight with the other party in the virtual environment, let off a bit? Charlie Tai said to himself like this in the heart, just right that he also had some curious for the training progress of the other party, because he had tried the level VI once, knew the later difficulty of it, the other party could in the short ten days, from not make a head of it at the very beginning, to could insist for seventeen seconds now, this was really an impressive achievement, that trial of Charlie Tai at that time, also just could last for thirty seconds. Although he made some progress now, but it might be assumed that the progress shouldn’t be too big.
The descendants of the Tai family, ages ago, should be the crown prince identity. Even in the present federation, the head of the seven big families Tai family still hid its huge body in the shadow, just like the legendary supernatural being didn’t have its ends shown outside of the cloud at the same time. Called this family to be the emperor on another level of the federation, it’s also not too excessive. With this kind of identity, Charlie Tai never had a real friend from childhood, when he hid his identity to study in a primary school directly subordinate to the federation in the capital, he met the Chad family siblings, but all of that changed after the Chad family guessed his identity…
No matter how honorable the identity of Charlie Tai was, no matter how prominent his family was, he still was a seventeen years old young man. He was suffering in the adolescence, trying to suppress his own rebellious impulse under the pressure, buried his own blood impulse with the impeccable appearance and majesty. Every experienced the youthful years people all knew that this kind of blood was hard to be suppressed, thus Charlie Tai would choose in the empty H1 area to roar loudly at the sky, although the roar sound was somewhat crude and unused. He never had a fight before, and also nobody dare to fight with him, he just wanted to find the feeling to be… A real people. And today, he seemed to find a little bit, because that fell to the ground mecha always would climb up once again, so stubborn, but also still smiling, it’s like a forever warped up the lips tumbler, it’s so interesting to beat him up…
In the lounge, picked up the lamb chop which was held in the box, Charlie Tai took a sip of the coffee with a smile, had a bit on the roe cake, and then wrote a newest words on that already had a lot of words on white paper, walked back to his villa from the H1 area. didn’t know whether the reason the physical consumption was too much, he slept especially sweet that night.
When Sheilor came out from the room, he noticed that most of the night snacks on the tea table had already gone, he raised his that like knives eyebrows a bit. In this many days, this was the first time that man left before him. He walked to the table and picked up the white, saw a words written on it, “The lamb chop taste not bad.”
This was the first time that boy praised his hard to get night snacks? Sheilor had a touch on the head with some anger, thought that even you beat me, you still didn’t need to be so proud of yourself. But didn’t know why, looked at that line of good taste words, Sheilor was somewhat happy in his heart, picked up the pen and wrote down his own reply with some scratching noises on the paper. “What the delicious taste the synthesis lamb chop can have? One day I would get some wild lamb for you to eat.” 
When Sheilor wrote down this words, suddenly thought of in that spacecraft one year ago, he also made a similar promise to that little girl. He couldn’t help to have some sighs with emotion, that smart and lovely little girl should have grown up a lot? She still hate to have the meals like before?
The day after, Charlie saw the words on the paper, couldn’t help to warp up the corners of the mouth slightly and smiled. The laws of the wild animal protection had been executed very strictly, the wild lamb was not that easy to be eaten, but for him, what this could be counted as? But Charlie Tai was very self-discipline for the life aspect, he never touched those things, he replied on the paper, “No like it, get me two that kind of pie on seventeenth that night.”
Sheilor picked up the paper and shook his head, replied, “No problem.”
“Since you are a man with no taste and won’t eat the roe cake, why you ate them all?” Charlie Tai left the words angrily.
“Just knew that it’s so expensive, of course will eat some more! I brought you the food for so many days, shouldn’t suffer, right? Say it again, taste this thing always needs to be cultivated, I have it a couple more times, perhaps I won’t think that it’s the gone bad thing? Don’t be so mean as a big man, I’ll bring you some baked sweet potatoes.”
“Today, I would like to wait for you to come out and meet you at first, but didn’t know that you left so early.”
“I don’t have the interest to meet you.”
Time extended down and died away along the lines of words on the white paper, on an occasional night, these two young men also would talk a few words through the speaker of the mecha, arranged the matter about the simulated combat, but the childish behavior about the types and quantities of the night snacks and haggled over every ounce, still would be recorded on that piece of white paper, probably they both thought that this was a very interesting thing. They still didn’t meet each other, although Sheilor once put forward this kind of request, but since the other party didn’t want to, then he also forget about it.
“That piece of paper is almost full now, I am really curious, how come the insomnia of that boy will be so severe.” In the cafeteria at noon, Sheilor while having the meal with the spoon, spoke to the wearing black frame glasses girl on the opposite side.
These days he had already got used to this kind of  work and rest lately, and seldom went to the H1 area at the daytime, so instead he went back to the beginning that kind of having meal and talking with Charming together life. The strange eyes cast over from around were a lot less, because it’s a common thing for the young men and women to break up and stay together in this school. And the magical performance of Sheilor this poor student had in professor Chow’s class, also added a lot of credits on him, the defended for Charming people had a lot less.
Sheilor didn’t know what kind of relationship between Charming and himself, he just liked to sat opposite sides with this pure like water girl subconsciously, that gave him the feeling like the clear spring water that kind of refreshing. But when he faced Charming, he would feel very nervous, this kind of nervousness made him feel very anxious, could it be that this was that legendary thing?
However, Charming was absent-minded at this time, there was some melancholy in her clear eyes, she looked at the autumn views outside of the cafeteria through the glass of his glasses, didn’t pay attention to what Sheilor was talking about, and just those information she missed out, in the before long future, let her to feel very regret.
In the campus, the top of the trees were slightly yellowish, the autumn wind blew to keep them swinging, the sunlight on the black frame glasses on the nose bridge of Charming also was swinging slightly, the wave made the people staring at her very anxious to fall into that sunlight. Sheilor stared at her blankly, felt that it’s empty in the heart, but also it’s full at the same time, a bit sour, but also a bit sweet, he didn’t know why there was always a kind of speechless feeling under the calm appearance of Charming, he always felt that the other party would disappear at any time.
On the opposite side of the dining table of the cafeteria, it would become empty at any time, Sheilor didn’t like this kind of presumption.
“The dancing party will be held next week.” Charming suddenly turned around and had a smile, said to him, “You have been busy recently, I also don’t know what you are busy for, we don’t have any class tomorrow, let’s go out to buy some clothes.”
Sheilor nodded his head, was going to say something, Charming lowered her head and said in a low voice, “Of course you will pay for it, don’t need to worry about anything.”


Chapter 12
You Are So Beautiful

The university town was located in the north of the Capital planet, except the severely cold winter, the dawn would be very early every morning for the most of the time every year, this also let people to feel difficult to adapt. At six o’clock of the early morning, Charming woke up from the sleep, put on that never away from the body black frame glasses gropingly, stretched her body, looked at that beautiful Rose river outside of the window, those seemed very clear in the autumn river water and the light yellow woods, then she fell into meditation.
Although her person had already returned to the university, but her heart was still over S2 there, she served for the senator Medellin, had her own tasks and responsibilities-- Last year when she came back to the Pear Garden university, the most important task was to get close to that mysterious, code name prince young man, and attempted to establish a certain kind of good relationship between the senator Medellin and the head of the seven big families, the Tai family. The throughout the whole federation wireless network, let her could receive the instructions of the senator aspect at any time. But she had already come back to the Pear Garden university for more than half a year, the black frame glasses never had any move, the peaceful life almost let her to forget her true identity.
Until the day before yesterday, there some words appeared on the black frame glasses, the senator aspect informed her, they had already confirmed that the target was studying in the Pear Garden university, just couldn’t check out the specific living place, but according to the intelligence, the target was bound to attend the dancing party of the bi-moons festival next week. Senator Medellin gave her the direct command pure-heartedly through his subordinates, she had to think of a way to get close to “prince” in the dancing party, got the jump on other forces, created some kind of benign atmosphere. 
The autumn scene outside of the window was that clear and beautiful, the mood of Charming was that chilly, the information about that prince was not that meticulous, but the most emphasis of it, had already pointed the direction for her, a young man who could tolerate the temperament of the miss of the Chad family, a young man who was disciplined very strictly from a child, there must be the rebellious impulse, and also had the extreme curiousness for love that kind of thing.
Love? Then where is my love? Charming was just a not up to twenty years old young girl, she also dreamed about her future for countless times, the love belonged to her own. But… The autumn scene outside of the window became a face gradually, that always narrowed the eyes, full of sincere and kind face. Charming had a smile self-mockery, Sheilor that guy was too honest.
Scholar Bruce, the staunch supporter of the George Colin doctrine and the recognized best solution reader of the society, he thought that love in this world was just like the fist, also divided by the size. The love of man and woman, the love of the family were all very good. But all of these still couldn’t be compared with that kind of to the whole human race, to the federation deepest and longest love, that was the great big love. 
In order to have the big love to the society, then she must sacrifice her own small love. Charming stood in front of the window, clenched her fist little by little, the world she saw through the window, always was different from the usual. Maybe even more real, maybe even more false, Charming seemed to see those in the mountains insisted to confront the federation, just to seek for a more fair future comrades-in-arms. She seemed to see those at the bottom end of the society kept struggling, wasted their whole life citizens. She also seemed to see those mastered most of the power, manipulated the election shamelessly politicians, and the plutocrats and the families behind those politicians.
There were too many unfairness in this world, getting in touch with that applied unfairness to this world Tai family, was only a kind of means. The pure heart of Charming was floating in the pure sky, she was willing to sacrifice her everything for eliminating the unfairness of this world, in the lead of senator Medellin, including… That still didn’t have time at all to hatch love.
But before that still didn’t have time to start love to become the ash, she should have some time to enjoy it to her heart’s content in the end, to give some kind of warmhearted response to the other party that young man, to leave a section of good memory, although the ending of this memory bounded to make people sad. Charming loosened her fist gradually, took off that put on her nose bridge black frame glasses resolutely, put it into the metal drawer which had the combination lock on, and then spread out her black hair, began to dress up herself carefully.
Early morning at the backdoor of the Pear Garden university, in the already become cold autumn wind, Sheilor looked at this wearing sky blue skirt with shoulder-straps girl in front of him, somewhat couldn’t believe in his own eyes. His surprise not come from that Charming would wear so little in such a cold weather unexpectedly, but he found out for the first time, after all, Charming… Could be so beautiful!
No matter on the bus of the airport, or later on by the side of dining table in the cafeteria, or on the track of the athletic field, the Charming who Sheilor saw was always wearing a pair of black frame glasses on the nose bridge, the other students probably also were the same, it seemed like that nobody knew what Charming would look like without the glasses.
The wearing glasses Charming was gentle, quiet and pure. But at this moment the took of glasses Charming seemed to change to another person, the bright eyes had the attractive smile in, the eyes without the filter by the glasses were very moving, just like they could talk. The didn’t have any makeup on face, the picturesque eyebrows and lashes, the cute lips. The sky blue skirt with shoulder-straps, showed her that slender neck and small part of the skin on the chest out, all of these sent out a strand of youth breath.
Very threatening, threatening to make people enchanted.
“Look good?” Charming slanted her head slightly, blinked her eyes lovely, stared at Sheilor that somewhat embarrassed face, had a pull on the bottom skirt of her that sky blue skirt wittily. 
Very obviously, Charming was ready to give herself one wild day for the last freedom, ready to give that hidden but not came out yet love a relative good ending. The opened her heart Charming, no longer the same as what she was in past those days, but seemed a lot more lovely and bright, and… Much cuter, even more like that eaten doggy biscuit by others and got hidden bitterness and anger girl.
Sheilor also felt that Charming had the mood today no the same as usual, but this kind of unusual was what he liked. In order to cover up the previous silence and embarrassment, he coughed a couple times, stepped forward, said very sincerely, “Very beautiful.”
What he said was very beautiful, but Sheilor’s hands seemed not following the order to take over that short wind coat in Charming’s elbow, put it on her body mechanically, said, “It’s cold, wear a little bit more.” This had nothing to do with the weather, purely was the youth’s nature of mind doing the mischief. Although there was no any relationship between Sheilor and Charming until now, but that kind of faint feeling kept fermenting slowly and sweetly, by instinct, Sheilor didn’t want any other man to see Charming that exposed outside bare shoulders, Charming also felt something, she said in a low voice, “Cheapskate.”
After she finished this words, Charming took Sheilor’s elbow very naturally, Sheilor had his half body turned into fossil suddenly, somewhat out of phase to move his steps. It suddenly had some spring meaning in the autumn wind, let his face to have some slightly warm feeling.
The trip for buying the clothes was ended very soon, at least the counted as middle class Sheilor didn’t draw any supercilious look from those shopping guide misses. Although Charming also bought several sets of clothes, but she was not as picky as the general girls, very neatly chose what she liked, paid for them and then packed to go. After they had done all of these, this pair of young man and woman began to go window-shopping in the most prosperous area of the Coastal state, just arm in arm like that to walk around, such as a pair of in love lovers.
“Didn’t hold her hand.” Sheilor accurately told himself what he should do now, could it be that this is a dating? The matter seemed to develop a bit too fast, but that soft body by his side, the light fragrance made him somewhat confused. 
After walked on the streets of the Coastal state for about five miles, the arms of Sheilor and Charming dropped down about four inches, both people looked straight ahead, both pretended that they didn’t know about the difficult and long lasting four inches dropping process. At this time, Charming’s hand had already like-touching-but-not-touching held Sheilor’s forearm, she had a flicker of smile in her eyes, thought in her mind that Sheilor was really an honest guy.  
“I’m hungry now, let’s go to have some meals.” Walked on the stone path along the Rose river for about half an hour, Sheilor suddenly said this words very seriously, and then his right hand held Charming that soft and slightly cold hand very rightly, pulled her to walk to a restaurant by the street.
The hold was all the sweat.
“There should have a lot of rumors about me in the school.” Charming sat across the dining table, cut the black pepper steak carefully, lowered her head and asked, “Do you have any thought about that?”
“This want me to praise first and then give the speech?” Sheilor also lowered his head at this time, cutting those meat fiber too even synthetic beef attentively, thought like this in his heart, but the words came out from his mouth was another one, “I don’t think that you particularly care about the view of others.”
Charming was slightly surprised to raise her head, had some lonely smile on her face, said in a low voice, “A lot of people think that I am a naïve, unrealistic, innocent and silly woman, would actually for the so-called ideal, to give up my study, went to the S2 anti-government area.” 
Sheilor stared blankly for a moment, didn’t think of what Charming wanted to say was this thing. The rumor about her past, he had already heard a little bit in the campus. Just from the day he met her, the Charming in 
Sheilor’s eyes was just like that quiet and insipid in front of people, but somewhat strange and clever in private little girl. He couldn’t link her with that kind of image together, he thought for a moment and then said with a smile, “Have you come back? What’s more, as long as it is an ideal, it always should be respected.”
Charming looked at him, silenced for a moment, then said seriously, “What do you think about George Colin?”
Sheilor didn’t have any opinion for the politics or George Colin, but he also thought of that Charming came back to the school, she should be looking for some certain kind of mental support, he said with hesitation, “The theory maybe is good, but when it is used to guide the behavior, perhaps… Well, to tell the truth, I think he’s got a point.”
Charming had a smile gratified, looked at him and said, “Although I came back to the university, but in fact… I still miss those time when I was over there, actually I am always a believer of George Colin.”
Sheilor was surprised slightly, thought in his heart that why you would come back then. Charming didn’t continue on this topic, just looked at Sheilor and thought with some sour in the heart, if without those things, could develop the relationship naturally with this honest and lovely boy in front, perhaps it should be a really wonderful thing.
Charming looked at the outside of the window habitually, said quietly, “Do you believe in love?”
“I do.”
“I don’t know what love is.” Charming looked at the people walking outside of the window, “Even if I could understand love this thing in the future, but what is forever this thing then?”
Sheilor looked at her that looking at the pedestrians outside of the window face, thought with a smile, Charming was really a nervous girl. In his mind, love this thing just needed to believe, it wouldn’t need to know originally-- And today this such beautiful girl, was about to make him believe.


Chapter 13
Love This Thing

This was the first time Sheilor invited a female for dinner in a formal restaurant, so he was a little bit nervous, once he was nervous, he wouldn’t look at other places subconsciously, but looked at that girl on the opposite side of the table who he was only familiar with in this place. However when he looked over there, just saw the spring scenery on the chest which was not covered by the sky blue skirt with shoulder-straps, those two half-wrapped by the cloth tender whites let his mind in a mess, he moved his eyes up in a hurry, but then saw Charming that hanging down face, her that warping up eyelashes, and her that slightly biting the fork red lips and white teeth, his heart was in a mess more.
The temperature in the restaurant was kept on seventy eight Fahrenheit degree, the black pepper steak was a bit spicy, some small lovely beads of sweat came out from the nose tip of Charming, she had already taken off outside that short wind coat earlier, her whole people was releasing a kind of clean and pure attracting flavor. didn’t know whether because of the food, or noticed Sheilor earlier that quick glance, Charming had the slight blush on her cheek, but she didn’t try to cover the scene on the chest intentionally, still kept this tempting posture, showed her charm not so smoothly.  
Sheilor didn’t know where to put his eyes on, Charming also didn’t know where the other party was looking at her, each one of them had the own thinking, it was in the embarrassing silence unexpectedly.
“I like you.” Sheilor that very serious but firm discourse, broke the silence.
Charming looked up amazed, looked at this honesty boy in front of her, she never thought of that the other party would confess so directly to her, her linguistic competence also became scarce a lot at this moment, said falteringly, “You… What did you say?”
“I said, I like you very much.” Sheilor repeated that words once again, because the reason it’s the second time, the words he said was much more naturally than the previous. He looked at Charming that delicate and pretty face, thought in his heart, when you were looking at the outside of the window, I always thought that you could see me, this should be like?
“Why?” Charming lowered her head, somewhat panic, today she just wanted to have the light youth for the last time and enjoy it to the top of her bent, but she didn’t expect that Sheilor would put forward a problem to her suddenly, and this problem would be so swift and violent and determined.
“Like a person doesn’t need a reason.” Sheilor looked at the plate on the table, there were still some steak and juice left on the plate, just like looking at a very difficult to overstep hurdle, both hands held the fork and knife tightly, said, “If from the angle of the physiology and the psychology to demonstrate, we were releasing some certain kind of information to each other, thus we like each other.”
Charming was silly to look at him, after all, she was just a girl never been in love before, no matter how determined her mind was, how meticulous her thinking was, but she still would never know how many kinds of love could be divided into, and how many kinds of men could be divided into. Some people would like Sheilor this kind, only chose the most direct way to attack, and won’t give her any time to go away quietly.
“Ha ha.” Charming tried to cover up her nervousness, “I… I don’t understand.”
Sheilor raised his head, stared at her eyes, hesitated for a moment and then said, “I used to have an elder told me, if you meet a girl in the boyhood days, she is clearly very beautiful, but you don’t dare to peep on her body, not even dare to dream those things about sex in the brain, it will prove that you have already liked her, and like her very much that kind.”
Charming looked at him foolishly, asked, “This… This… What kind of damn theory it is? If you don’t have any interest in… My body…” She wanted to say, if you don’t have any interest in my body, why you would want to see just now, and why you will still want to like me? But when she spoke the words half way, then she found out that this kind of conversation seemed to be a bit too sexy and explicit. She lowered her head in a hurry, asked in a very low voice, “How many people like this kind you have already met so far?”
“Two.” Sheilor’s reply was very quick. Actually this answer had already turned in his heart for a long time.
Charming looked up, very interested to ask, “Who else would that be besides me?” She wanted to pretend to take it easy, just like taking it as the conversation between the friends, but her that pair of flashing eyes still revealed that she actually cared very much about whether other girls existed in Sheilor’s heart.
“Jane Sue.” Sheilor looked very simply and honestly to have a smile, caused the supercilious look from Charming. The men from little to old in the whole federation all liked that purple hair little girl.
Sheilor looked at Charming that slightly blush face, had a jump “Ge Deng” in his heart. The theory what he just repeated, actually was what boss uncle once said, but he didn’t tell Charming all the words.
In those years, uncle Fengyu sat on the place over the mine in the twilight, held the red wine in his left hand, picked up the buffalo meat to bite with his right, said to the youngster Sheilor, “But the problem is, this kind of like just the like which is because little boys influenced too much by the love novels… Love this kind of thing, you would know what it is after you have had one hundreds women. The staring at each other in the eyes, actually is just for the friction between the flesh, the exchange between the body fluids.”
At this time was still a virgin Sheilor, of course believed in love, thus he forgot selectively the later part of those words which uncle said.
The long quiet, the piano on the far side of the restaurant was flowing out the musical notes, occasionally there were some sounds which the silver wares dropped down on the porcelain floor. In the silence, Sheilor lowered his head to wait for the reply from the other party, didn’t notice that Charming was looking at him with a kind of apologetic and sorrow eyes.
She had her own life, Sheilor had Sheilor’s life, and these two people were doomed that they couldn’t walk on the same path. She had the endless pity in her heart for this honest boy in front of her, or projected this kind of pity on her own heart. Looked at Sheilor that quiet eyebrows, Charming had a shiver slightly in her heart, knew that she shouldn’t covet this kind of feeling, and lit the other party to sink into it as well.
“I am sorry.”
Sheilor heard these three words, raised his head and looked straight into the eyes of Charming, “The reason? I know that you like to stay with me together.”
He didn’t have too many experiences and wisdoms for the feeling and relationship of people, but he was extremely sensitive to other people’s mind, this also the insight which Fengyu admired him the most. The sky blue skirt with shoulder-straps, the walking together on the sports field, the different kind of scenery in the cafeteria in these many days, all let him to understand, Charming was same as him, had some kind of imperceptible to work poison, as to when it got started, perhaps these two young little friends also didn’t know, but at least they could know, it had already started.
“You said, like or don’t like don’t need any reason.” Charming dropped her eyelids slightly, the eyelashes were trembling slightly, “And like to stay with you together, doesn’t mean that it must be I like you.”
“I don’t know the reason why you refuse me.” Silenced for a long time, Sheilor opened his mouth and said, “But I know… You like me.
Just this so simple, so ordinary, but directly to the heart words, a looked like unreasonable and childish judgment, however, hit on Charming’s heart.
She looked at the boy in front of her surprised, the eyes were getting soft and moist little by little, yet had some color of pain flashed in as well. She then understood, it’s not for the reason that the task had arrived, let her somewhat coveted the last freedom of the youth; and it’s also not for the feeling which she liked to stay with Sheilor together, therefore she would come out with him today on a date-- The so-called youth, the so-called feeling, actually were just like what the other party said, unwittingly, she had already liked this boy.
With “Pa” the sound, a bag of vacuum-packed was taken out quietly by Sheilor, and then opened in the music of the piano, he picked up a piece of doggy biscuit, put it into Charming that still slightly opened mouth because of complex emotions.
Charming was somewhat not knowing the taste to finish eating the biscuit, took a look at him with the complex expression, said, “I am a selfish person, it would hurt you.”
“You know that have seen service in the East Forest Region, I am like the stone of the East Forest, not afraid of exposing to the wind or rain.”
“Ever have a stone as slippery as you this kind?” Charming looked at Sheilor’s face and Sheilor’s small eyes quietly, seemed to make up some kind of determination, cracked up the smile, the light mixed into the music of the piano, shined the whole hall.
She took out a pair of red devil little horns from the purse by her side, put them on her head, slanted her head slightly, had a touch on Sheilor’s lips like the lightning. She sat back to the chair, narrowed her eyes, cute and matchlessly sexy to ask, “Look good?”
At the quiet backdoor of the Pear Garden university, in the night mist, a girl in the thin pajamas, naked the feet, quietly came to the small gatehouse in the chill, knocked open the door. She had a pair of small red devil horns on the head, she just looked like a spirit came from the distant deep space.
That little porter in the room still was immersed in the emotion of the daytime, sweetly and worried infinitely to think about his future, forgot all the things what he supposed to do, and also couldn’t go into sleep. And then he found out that he was making a dream, that he hugged gently in the dream girl, climbed into his bed, and embraced him tightly.
The body of the girl was a little bit cold, the pajamas touched on the leg, seemed incomparably smooth. In the former days the very stable on the chipsets and components hands, touched it along the leg opening of the pajamas, began to shiver, touch the smooth but slightly cold tender skin of the girl, the cold of the autumn night had already been turned into fire-hot.
Was it a little bit too fast? Sheilor only had time to think of such a words, and then immersed into that kind of warm and gentle dream, both hands put on the tender and lovely chest of the girl not so smoothly, felt that he seemed to find the real meaning in life finally at this moment.
In the dark, felt the in his bosom Charming crying, crying so sad. Heard the crying, Sheilor was incomparably nervous to ask, “Hurt?”
“A little bit, but still can stand.”
“… I can’t help it any more.”
“Sorry…If I hurt you.”
The naked feet girl left with some inconvenient movements, the wearing the red devil horns spirit, disappeared quietly in the morning fog, as if she had never shown up. The felt lost Sheilor opened his eyes widely, but he couldn’t understand, the one supposed to say sorry was him, why did she say so?


Chapter 14
Grew Up In One Night

Although it’s already autumn in the university, but the dawn was still very early, just the five o’clock of the early morning, the campus was already all bright. Today was the weekend, a lot of the students had already gone back to their homes, and the chill autumn wind let the people in the campus lose the interest to come out to have the morning exercise. The girl student apartments all had the elegant names, such as Cinnamon Garden, Plum Garden, Pear Garden… The space under the Plum Garden was all empty at this time, no cars, no lighting the candles to show love boy students, also no in-and-out and chirping nonstop girls, just a holding a bunch of flowers and carried vacuum flask boy student stood over there.
The flowers were just collected by the side of the Rose river, still had some dew on them, just like the girl blossomed for the first time last night, in the vacuum flask was the just cooked chicken soup, no matter how long it’s put, it still won’t be cooled off, just like the fire-hot heart of the boy student at this time. In the cold wind, Sheilor rubbed his hands, looked up at a certain room on the seventh floor of the Plum Garden, had the happy smile on his face.
He didn’t sleep for the last night, until the sunlight of the university town shined into the window, he then found out that he seemed to have done a lot of things wrong, how could he allow Charming to go back all by herself last night? Up until now, he still felt that all those wonderful things happened in last night was just a dream, he had a kind of unreal feeling… And he found out that he actually never sent flowers to Charming, this was a kind of mistake couldn’t be excused, if let Shielding to know about it, he surely would scold him strip.
In order to not let the girl to feel disappointment, he began to have the remedial measures right away, cooked the chicken soup, collected the flowers, and even carefully went to the hours pharmacy to buy the ointment and the morning-after pill. If Charming got hurt, she could use the ointment; if Charming was afraid of accident, then she could have the morning-after pill. Of course, if Charming didn’t want to have the pill, had the baby in the future, then they would get married. With the ability he had, he should be able to find a descent job, worked hard to raise the family. And waited after Charming gave born to the baby, then he would come back to study, and then…
The immersed in the not to the point illusion of happiness little boy student, was unaware that his smile was very stupid at this time, and he even didn’t know that illusion was always just illusion. Sheilor had already made up his mind, he would no more escape for his identity as the fugitive of the federation, he would take response for this romance and that girl. This kind of heavy feeling of growing up in one night, didn’t let him to fell sweaty, but instead he had a kind of sense of achievement sent out from his heart.
The time pasted minute by minute, more and more girl students came out from the Plum Garden apartment, they looked at Sheilor just like looking at a fool. But Sheilor didn’t care about the people’s eyes at all, just felt happy slightly, he just wait slightly anxiously for Charming to show up. He began to feel the nervousness, because he found out, when he met Charming a moment later, what the first sentence he supposed to say with her, could it be that he asked her “Have you had your breakfast”?
“Sheilor?” A slightly fat girl with a pony tail was yawning in front of the door of the apartment, she suddenly saw Sheilor, couldn’t help laughing up. She was the classmate of Charming, the single dormitories also next to each other, didn’t know how many times she had already seen Charming sat face to face to have meals with the little porter in the cafeteria, but this was the first time that she saw Sheilor came to the door of the Plum Garden apartment.
“Finally give up those impractical inferiority complex, come to chase after our Charming?” That slightly fat girl student looked at Sheilor and “Heh heh” kept smiling, but actually she was somewhat surprised in her heart. Because they just showed up so lightly, therefore not that many people would really think that Charming would be together with this little porter.
Sheilor had an awkward smile and said, “Yes.” That’s right, the development of the relationship between Charming and him was really too fast, it seemed that a lot of the inevitable processes in the middle had already been jumped over, even according to what it said on those movies, to chase after her one more time, what would he be afraid of? Wasn’t that a kind of very happy taste? Moreover… He had already had her yesterday, he thought like this in his mind.
“No need to wait over here, Charming is not at her room at all, I was ready to ask her to come down to have the breakfast with me just now.” The words of this slightly fat girl student ruthlessly broke the preparation which Sheilor had spent the whole morning on.
“Charming is not in?’ Sheilor was surprised to ask.
“Yes. I heard somebody said that her family is holding a what party today, probably she had already gone back there yesterday.”
Sheilor carried the flowers and  held the vacuum flask to stand on the outside of the Plum Garden apartment, couldn’t help to shake his head disappointedly. He then found out that he even didn’t have the phone number of Charming, he then knew that he did it very badly on these aspects. As for Charming’s family, he heard her to mention a few words slightly about it. It seemed that they were also the top people of the university town. As for the specific address or something, he was not so sure. Because it was very obvious, fellow student Charming didn’t have any good feeling for her family. 
Dressed in a simple but elegant clothes, the keeping people miles away  black frame glasses were put back on her nose bridge, Charming sat on the sofa in the living room and looked at the boy on the opposite side with a smile on the face, listened to the other party kept apologizing to her, said how rule he was at the gate of the school that day, asked her to please forget him, so on and so on. Today Chang family had a small party, and this young student who picked out by the elders to meet her was exactly also her schoolmate in the Pear Garden university, that angry childe of the state senator at the first day of the school.
“I am really very sorry.” The childe of the state senator said very cordially, “I understood later, as the believer of George Colin, even stay in the federation to work, actually it also can help the federation to improve the present this kind of information imbalance condition, let the unfairness of the society to become a bit less.”
Charming pushed the black frame glasses a bit, listened very seriously. On the one hand, she really didn’t have too much malevolence to the believer of George Colin. And more importantly, the intelligence told it very clearly about the relationship between this childe of state senator and that miss of Chad family. And that miss of the Chad family probably would be the only woman who could get close to “prince”. If she wanted to get close to “prince” in the dancing party, then she must needed a bridge, this childe of the senator in front of her, would be the only bridge she could find without any question.
“Charming, would you like to be my dancing partner at the bi-moons festival dancing party?” The name of the childe of the state senator was Bowie Hang, a very pretty name, a not that annoying face, he apologized to Charming sincerely, and then put forward the invitation even more sincerely.
“I’d like to, but you need to make it clear, this doesn’t mean that I yield to the arrangement of my parents.” After finished this words, Charming felt that she performed the rebellious young girl to the point, still hadn’t been swallowed by the superior rule of the federation, so she was somewhat satisfied. However, she didn’t figure it out, she was a somewhat rebellious young girl originally, didn’t need to perform it, perhaps that with far-reaching eyes senator Medellin, took a fancy to her for this trait.
Bowie Hang had a smile and said, “Maybe you would change your mind in the future.”
Thought of the task she had in the bi-moons festival, thought of that she had once asked Sheilor to be her dancing partner personally, thought of the looking at each other in the eyes in the restaurant yesterday and the sweetness of last night, Charming lowered her head, had the slightly pale on the face. Bowie Hang asked with concern, “Whether feeling uncomfortable somewhere?”
Charming had a smile forcedly, shook her head to indicate that she was fine. But at the next moment in the bathroom of the bedroom on the second floor, she began to cover her abdomen with her hands, the pale face dripped out the cold sweat, bit her teeth and said to himself in the mirror with the voice in hate, “Sheilor, you this damn bastard.”
Sheilor was really very bastard on this matter, Charming thought hatefully in her heart, although I am going to dump you, but how could you not make a call to me, and not come to see me? The more she thought, the more she felt injustice, the more she felt that the impulse of last night would make her to appear not too self-respect, she couldn’t help crying out in the bathroom.
Need to forget about him, need to forget about him, the bi-moons dancing party is going to start soon, she has already had him once in her life, then just forget about him, no more remember him. Charming wiped off the tears, cleared up her appearance, wore that black frame glasses on, turned back into a quiet girl student again, and walked out of the bathroom.
“I just want you to check a phone number for me, is it that difficult?” The whole day hadn’t seen Charming Sheilor began to be on tenterhooks, just like that ant on the hot pan, at this time he thought of that he had been indulging in the H1 area some time ago, and seldom came to meet with Charming, then he felt that himself at that time was really foolish to the extreme, and had a kind of ominous feeling faintly, that made his face appeared especially serious and excited at this time, he stared at that rogue official on the opposite side of the table and roared in the low voice, “You are the section chief of the FBI, to check a phone number is just the thing of one words!”
Shielding ignored his anger, just looked at him quietly. They two people were at a go-begging pub outside the backdoor of the Pear Garden university, there was not a customer around. Shielding frowned his eyebrows and asked, “How strict the First Charter has the protection for the right to privacy, you don’t need me to tell you, you also know it clearly, of course I can’t deliberately break the law as an official of the government, but the most concerned thing I have at this time is… Why do you want to check the phone number of that called Charming girl?”
Sheilor silenced for a moment, looked up and somewhat sheepishly said, “She is my girlfriend, I haven’t seen her for a day now, I worry a little bit about her.”
The cigarette held in Shielding’s fingers had a bit shiver, he looked at Sheilor seriously, said word by word, “You repeat it once again.”
“I know that this thing is a bit strange, until now I still can’t figure it out yet. I also know that I am very bastard, even don’t have my girlfriend’s phone number incredibly… I am embarrassed to ask her classmates, this thing is really disgraceful…”
Sheilor kept talking with the silly smile on his face, on the Capital planet, he had the friends too few, this rogue official in front of him just right was the most intimate person, he fell into the happiness, of course he would be willing to tell his happiness to the other party.
Shielding smoke the cigarette a mouthful, waved his hand to stop his talking, leaned his back against the back of the chair, frowned his eyebrows and heaved a sigh, “Over, it’s really over.”
“What?”
“Look at you this boy this like idiot smile, and the talking way which is even more nagging than a woman, I am pretty sure that you are really in love with that Charming.” Shielding said with the gloomy face, “But the problem is, have you ever felt that there is a little strange in this matter?”


Chapter 15
The Worry Of Childe Shielding

“What’s the strange?”
“There is a song called Every Girl Loves The Bad Guy, but you happen to be the most honest people I met in this life, I don’t know why Charming will take a fancy to you.”
The expression of Shielding seemed very calm, but actually he was somewhat worried in his heart, because of his double identities, he knew what that Charming was going to do more than anyone did, but Sheilor was his brother, he just couldn’t watch Sheilor helplessly to be dragged into a not knowing color net.
“Not all the girls like you this kind of rogue.” Sheilor said.
“Charming, there are some problems with this person.” Shielding silence for a moment, violated the rules of the organization, said to Sheilor, “She has been to S2, and the timing she came back to the Pear Garden university is too weird.”
“I don’t really care about politics this kind of thing, and I know that she is the believer of George Colin, but you also don’t forget, the most enthusiastic believer of George Colin in the Pear Garden university is exactly the Childe of that state senator, how come I don’t see you FBI go to check on him?”
Shielding wiped the stained with drink palm on the crumpled suit casually, said, “Trust me, I always know something more than you do.”
“Even she is still working for the people on the S2, but what the relation it has with me then?” Sheilor had a smile and said, “Senator Medellin has already come to the federation to run for the president, it shouldn’t have the civil war in the federation anyway?”
He himself was a fugitive, didn’t care about the politics, and from the emotion to say, he had more good feeling to the opposition faction. After all, it’s the federation side who killed uncle, destroyed his original life track. But he still didn’t believe that Charming this kind of naïve but having the not known by people childish girl, would be the spy sent to the university town by the force of the opposite fraction. Because after last night, he confirmed that nobody knew about that girl more than he did. 
“At least she wouldn’t have the thought to use me, right?” Looked at Shielding that gloomy face, Sheilor knew that the other party was worrying about him, so he comforted him, “I am just an ordinary student with a bank card.”
“This is also right. But I still can’t understand, why she still will have the leisurely and carefree mood to fall in love with you at this time?” Shielding said with the slight mock. 
Sheilor didn’t listen to understand this sentence.
Shielding held the cigarette in his mouth and stood, warned him, “Try to go out of the school as less as possible later. Chavis Chad has already come back to the Third Military Region, but the miss of the Chad family has already entered into your school, maybe there is something going to happen.”
Sheilor heard the news for the first time, but he also not cared about it that much. After all it had been too long, and he still kept thinking about Charming at this time. Shielding took a look at the obviously absent-minded young man, heaved a sigh, and walked to the outside of the pub.
“When the bi-moons festival start, I will be with her together.” Sheilor said to him behind. 
“I would rather wish that she will kick you away… Besides, for the bi-moons festival, I also have an invitation card, so see you over there then.” Shielding that clipping the cigarette hand waved behind his head, and walked out of the pub.
Shielding, the chief of the fourth section of the field service office of the FBI which stationed in the Coastal state, the sole duty of the office section four was responsible for preventing the penetration and espionage of the anti-government aspect inside of the federation. But except for his direct supervisor, nobody knew, his real identity, was the intelligence agent of the anti-government army sent to the federation S1 area, or to say the spy.
Many years ago, Shielding that had the rare job of the federation, farmer, father died because of an inexplicably accident, and then the small farm of the Shielding family was allocated to a certain big company. From that day on, the still was a boy then Shielding, lost all his respect and trust to this federation.
When he was studying in the First Military Academy, his psychology professor found him, assimilated him, taught him, let him to know that some people still kept fighting in order to eliminate the unfairness under the cover of law in the federation. This psychology professor became the director of the Coastal state office later, and the joined FBI Shielding also became a spy.
A chief of the section four responsible for preventing the penetration of the anti-government force, but himself was the people of the anti-government army, this fact was very ridiculous, but it also explained that the anti-government force had the spare-no-effort penetration to the federation.
A spy could be on Shielding this key position, it’s extremely rare, this also explained his cautiousness. Just because he had this kind of double identities and the sharp sense of smell, so even the FBI had already stopped the monitoring on Charming, but he still could sensitively find out the strange of that girl-- That’s a kind of temperament. When he went to the four states in mountains of the S2 planet to have the short-term training secretly in those years, didn’t know how many willing to burn for the ideal young men such like Charming Shielding had seen, no matter how you wanted to hide, that kind of temperament, couldn’t be concealed.
Shielding didn’t like these young people, he often thought in taunt, compared with him, these people were too un-professional.
The present anti-government force had already faintly divided into two factions internally long ago, one faction was the moderates with senator Medellin as the leader, another faction was the radicals with the anti-government armed forces as the foundation. Shielding belonged to the anti-government army that faction, in his view, Medellin that looked like sanctimonious old man, nothing but the same as those senators of the federation, all were some shameless, only knew achieve their own goals with the political resources shameless politicians.
Of course, everyone might serve for the anti-government force after all, Shielding didn’t try to explore the real identity of Charming, but tonight he heard Sheilor said that… His girlfriend was Charming!
This news immediately alerted Shielding, because this would concern about his friend. Sheilor’s words almost could persuade him, but he still felt that this matter was somewhat strange, at the time when the bi-moons festival was coming soon, how could Charming have any reason to fall in a romantic love?
Youzhi entered into the Pear Garden university, in the eyes of Shielding this kind of people, of course they could confirmed the exact whereabouts of “prince”. He judged that the senator Medellin that side absolutely wouldn’t give up this opportunity, Charming was likely to come for this matter, that’s why he couldn’t understand why Charming would have this kind of romantic scene at this time.
In fact, this was just because childe Shielding forgot that words which he always believed in: These people were too un-professional-- And obviously Charming was that most un-professional naïve girl student of them.
Before he got into the car, Shielding pressed the pocket on the right chest with the fingers subconsciously, it had the invitation card of the bi-moons festival dancing party of the Pear Garden university inside, with the name of course his usual famous loving young girl student. The information about the target was right in the Pear Garden university, he had already sent it back, but the organization had too few people in the federation, and also couldn’t keep checking, so he had to go to the dancing party to check it by himself. 
However, he always had the dark clouds floated in his heart, what would the superior people of the organization do after they received the information? What kind of people “prince” was? Why in addition to the siblings of the Chad family, the people of the senator Medellin aspect and even the anti-government army would all try to please him?
If he was the decisive character of a certain big family, why the with eliminating the seven big families as the ultimate purpose anti-government army would try to have a relationship with the other party? They should assassinate the other party by fair means or foul, then that would make some senses. 
Shielding frowned his that beautiful eyebrows, felt that the matter was somewhat beyond his judgment. He was not that familiar with those leaders of the anti-government army, and also didn’t have any intimate feeling, he was just willing to do something for the people who were the opponents of the federation. But if this matter would get him stuck, then he would think about it again.
Took a look at that still stared blankly in the pub Sheilor through the window glass, Shielding couldn’t help to shake his head, wished that this matter wouldn’t drag this guy in, fortunately he also seemed to have no any relation with this matter.
The night was already deep, that room on the seventh floor of the Plum Garden apartment was still no light on, it looked like that Charming should stay at home to sleep. didn’t know whether she still felt the pain or not, whether she would catch the cold because she dress so few last night. Sheilor stood on the sports field, narrowed his eyes to look at that without any light room through the autumn trees, thought of that it was at the same place before, Charming pointed at the direction of the seventh floor with her that cute and slender finger, told him that she was living over there every night.
Sheilor and Charming were just the could get along relatively friends at that time, but when he thought of those scenes at this moment, Sheilor felt that all of these actually were doomed long ago. He soaked himself in the joyful feeling and thought in the mind, when Charming came back to the school, which restaurant he should bring her to have a good meal? there was still a lot of money in the card of the Three Forest United bank, let alone the meals, even he wanted to buy a moderate house in the Coastal state, it also should be good enough. Thought of having meal this thing, Sheilor suddenly thought of one thing, let out a cry shit.
He promised to bring the deep-fried dough pie for that boy last night, but he didn’t go because he stayed the night with Charming together, didn’t know whether the other party would wait for him whole or not. In the H1 area, Sheilor saw the pot of coffee and some roe cakes on the tea table in the lounge, he shrugged his shoulders and put down the deep-fried dough pie by the side, noticed that there was no any new content on that written full white paper, took a look at that closed door, knew that same as him wakeful guy still not came yet, then he walked into his room, began to have the twenty-seconds hard practices of the level VI. 
Didn’t know how long it had been, that familiar but still cold voice came from the speaker, “Why the deep-fried dough pie don’t come with the porridge or soup today? It doesn’t taste that great.”
Sheilor took down the filtering goggles, replied with a smile, “I didn’t come to here last night, forgot to tell you about that, I am very sorry. As for the chicken soup… I will leave it for my girlfriend tomorrow,”
The in the another room Charlie Tai startled a bit, from last night till now he kept thinking, why Sheilor would disappear suddenly for a night, even he would have the anger faintly, but his status and pride didn’t allow him to open his mouth to inquire or to express his dissatisfaction. But when he heard the explain of Sheilor at this time, then he also understood what happened, he had the mock slightly floated on the corners of the mouth, thought in his mind that the college life was really boring, even this interesting guy would fall in love inevitably. 
“Come on, let’s get it started.” Charlie gave out the invitation of fight, the confidence was shown in the calm tone.
But just after five minutes, he moved his putting on the touch screen hands away, forced himself to constrain his anger and shock, spoke to the speaker, “Have you had the philter today?!”


Chapter 16
The Farce About Lovelorn

The childe of the Tai family forgot himself to say the words beneath his dignity, that was because Sheilor flared up the lustful mecha operation suddenly tonight, Sheilor defeated that never met schoolmate in the match-up fight for the first time, just in the first day when he became a man. If he knew the real identity of that person defeated by him, he would probably got more excited a bit.
But also in this one short day, he fell from the hilltop of the happiness to the bottom of the valley with “pata” the sound, fell with a bloody nose and a swollen face, saw the stars, and felt at a loss completely.
Because Charming disappeared suddenly.
This didn’t mean that Charming left her home like what she did in that year, when she just entered into the university, the went to the distant S2 anti-government area, and played the missing farce. But referred to that this wearing the black frame glasses habitually girl suddenly disappeared in Sheilor’s life, or might be said that in her eyes, there no Sheilor this person existed.
That morning, Sheilor was nervous and excited to carry the wild flowers and the vacuum flask to come to the outside of the Plum Garden apartment once again, and then he saw that Charming and several girl students came out from the apartment. But when he walked up to her with the smile all over his face, Charming seemed to not seeing him this person, brushed past him like a wind, only left him the whole ground of yellow leaves and infinite amazement.
He had already come to here once on the weekend, basically, most of the students of the Pear Garden university all knew, that little porter auditor finally launched the offense to classmate Charming, but today this scene, seemed to prove that this kind of offense was complete failure, those girl students cast the contempt or sympathy eyes in succession.
It’s different from what the people around thought, Sheilor knew clearly what happened between Charming and him in that night, so he felt that was particularly inconceivable. He gazed at the figure of Charming going away, besides to be rather baffling, he had a few of not that great omen arisen from his heart.
Just like what he worried about, Charming would just like not seeing the existence of him this person from that moment, no matter in the class, in the laboratory, or in the corridor, anywhere two of them might meet, Charming would always stubbornly look up slightly, and looked steadily forward to walk away. In addition to the distress and doubt, Sheilor also felt that the look of this girl really seemed somewhat funny and lovely.
Finally at the afternoon of the day after, Sheilor couldn’t control his doubt any more, stopped the holding the books in arms Charming under the big locust tree outside of the teaching building, said nervously, “I know that I performed very shitty that night, you have already ignored me for two days, that also should be a very severe punishment.”
He thought about it over and over, contrived over it this and that, he also could get this conclusion. The mental of the just blossoming girl was very sensitive, to that night he was not tender and considerate enough, especially didn’t send her back to the apartment, had the infinitely horrible resentment, so she would ignore him in these two days. Sheilor didn’t want to fall into the cold war at the beginning of the first love in his life, so he apologized sincerely.
Charming had the inexplicable nervousness in her heart, she pushed the glasses up a little bit on her nose bridge, cleared her throat, said to him very seriously the dialogue which she extracted from the novel, “I think you misunderstood, I also want to find some time to tell you clearly, we two people were not suit to each other, I don’t want you to keep misunderstanding.”
“Don’t joke like that.” Sheilor said with a smile, but the smile was somewhat far-fetched, he felt that it’s so similar to those love shows on the federal literature and art TV channel. At the same time, he also could tell that hidden trembling in Charming that seemed very cold voice, so he asked seriously, “What happened?”
“It’s nothing. I just thought about the relationship and the possibilities of the future between us very calmly, I don’t think that we have the possibility to continue.” Charming forced to constrain the nervousness and the loneliness in her heart, said it lightly, “Please forget all the things happened in that day.”
Sheilor felt that he was hit in the heart by a hammer which fell down from the sky, muddled to the extreme. But he still kept the style of the East Forest stone, refused to budge so toughly, just stared at Charming and said, “Do you have any problem with your head? Or dressed too few that night, had the cold or fever now?”
Charming heaved a sigh in her heart, but the not care and apathy were shown in her words, “It’s already the Constitution Calendar thirty-seven, you still think that this is the time of Tai dynasty? Consensual to keep warm with each other for a night, it is very normal thing. You are only a poor student, even you could go into the Nutshell company to work over there, stayed with me for life? Come on, wake up a bit.”
“If say that I have the insatiable desire for the pleasure for a night, let you to misunderstand something, I apologize to you, I am sorry, but please keep distance away from me in the future.”
When he heard “I am sorry” these three words, Sheilor suddenly thought of that night in the restaurant, Charming seemed to say many times I am sorry. He stood in situ somewhat dully, looked at this girl who was covered most of the enchanting elegant demeanor by the black frame glasses in front of him, lowered his voice but particularly exerted his strength to say, “I am sorry? don’t you want me to pretend that there was nothing happened, and then you and me become the strange passers-by?”
“Is this very difficult for you?” Charming tried to say coldly as much as possible, but held the books in her arms a bit tighter. 
Sheilor felt somewhat angry, but he didn’t show anything on his face, stared at Charming in the eyes and said, “Of course it’s very difficult! I was a virgin! You cheated my first time, don’t you think that you don’t want to take the responsibility?’
Charming that disguised haughty expression became the collapsed cliff immediately, she opened her eyes widely, looked at Sheilor incredibly, never thought of the honest and simple him, would tell the ridiculous strange reason such like this. The voice of Sheilor seemed a bit loud, the studying under the trees students looked over to here curiously, but there should be no one to hear it clearly. But Charming’s face still got blushed, she stared at Sheilor and protested angrily, “lower your voice! It wasn’t my first time as well?” 
The words replied by Sheilor was very quick, he replied calmly, “Thus I will take the responsibility for you, you also need to take the responsibility for me.”
Charming suddenly found out that she couldn’t be very excellent to finish the task which the senator entrusted her cautiously, she found out that it’s very difficult to play a getting rid of first boyfriend for the vanity, the most mainly reason was that the called Sheilor boy student she wanted to dump, really not playing the game with the logical thinking, didn’t go to pound the tree angrily, also seemed to don’t have the impulse to cut his own wrist with a knife, not even scolded severely her shameless, this let her couldn’t speak out those designed sarcastic ridicule of her dialogue. 
Perhaps, she really didn’t want to use those words to harm him cruelly in her heart.
She looked at the not a step yielded Sheilor helplessly, prayed in a whisper voice, “Please let me go, I don’t need you to take the responsibility for me, it’s unlikely that you still want me this girl to take the responsibility for you, right?”
“Why don’t need?” Sheilor’s mood actually was already down to the bottom, because he had already told that Charming was not kidding, but at this moment it also was the crisis happened in his life, that kind of sense of crisis let his thought to become particularly clear, his reaction was also incomparably quick, he said very seriously, “In that night, it’s you who raped me.”
Was afraid that the talking would be heard by other students, Charming’s face had already been blushed awfully, but at this time her face was angered to turn pale, she looked at Sheilor that poker face incredibly, just like looking at the savage on the Darge mountain, said angrily and jabberingly, “You… You… You are shameless!”
Sheilor was not a shameless people, even he had been influenced by Shielding for this long, it’s also impossible for him to say some too excessive words, he was just confused a bit by Charming this changed suddenly attitude, purely just wanted to find the excuse to benefit himself subconsciously. He found it out somewhat sadly, Charming seemed to be for real, the childe of the state senator Bowie Hang suddenly showed up by their side, seemed to have the thought to be the escort, he looked alertly at the expression somewhat depressed Sheilor, protected Charming to behind his back.
Charming poked her head out from the outside of the arm of Bowie Hang, said, “Thank you, there is really nothing happened.” she then said to Sheilor angrily, “Please don’t come to pester me again.”
Sheilor seemed to not hear her this words at all, he reached out his hand to the childe of the state senator, asked in a very good demeanor, “I think we met before. I am Sheilor, the auditor of the machine maintenance department, your name?”
Charming and Bowie Hang both were a little bit dumbfounded, they didn’t expect that Sheilor’s attitude would actually change so quickly. Bowie Hang had a gentle smile and said, “Bowie Hang, last time the one informed secretly by you and deducted four credits is me.”
The hands of these two people held together, Sheilor said with a smile, “I don’t know that you still remember me.”
Charming heaved a sigh, said to Sheilor, “For the bi-moons dancing party, Bowie will be my dancing partner.”
“You have already called him Bowie this quick? I cooked the chicken soup for you, you don’t even take a look, if I knew it, I would prefer to bring it for that boy.”
But this words didn’t come out from Sheilor’s mouth, his face still kept the sincere smile on. He just thought like that in his heart incomparably grieved, this words was too grieved to like a woman’s, he wouldn’t allow himself to speak it out even dead.
“Don’t get me wrong.” Charming saw that flicker of gloomy flashed in Sheilor’s eyes, suddenly felt bitterly in her heart, she said in a low voice, “You and me are not suitable to be together, it’s nothing to do with Bowie, we are just the ordinary friends.”
The grieved words came out once again in Sheilor’s heart, he thought that we were also the ordinary friends before that day-- But he still held it back, had a smile gently to Bowie Hang, and nodded his head at Charming, said, “We will talk again once we got time, I am leaving first.”
In this kind of situation, if he wanted to constrain the eruptible emotion, Sheilor only had to turn his back and leave. He was a nineteen years old young man, saw that Charming was with other man together, he was very uncomfortable in the heart, but he also wouldn’t be that no taste to have a fight with other man for winning a female, that’s the thing only the buffalo would do.
Looked at walking away the figure of Sheilor, Charming suddenly felt that she was really a bad woman, but not performing the bad woman, because that figure looked so poor, somehow, she somewhat had the urge to want to shout him back, but once she thought of the bi-moons festival dancing party before long, she swallowed those words back abruptly, made it to become the hard to swallow grief.
“Sheilor is a good man, at least his demeanor is not that bad.” Charming didn’t want the by her side Bowie Hang to have too much ill feeling, because she knew that Bowie Hang also had the good feeling to her, he was the childe of the state senator, once he wanted to harm Sheilor, such a poor student with parents like Sheilor, what could he do? 
“Refused by you, still can smile and shook hands with me, the demeanor… Is really not bad.”
Bowie Hang put his right hand behind his back, rubbed a couple times secretly, the finger knuckles had been clenched to red and swollen by Sheilor just now. He had a flicker of wry smile floated on the corners of the mouth, thought in the heart that the boy was really angry, once he thought of that scene happened in front of the gate of the nightclub, he had some fear in his heart unexpectedly.


Chapter 17
The Thought Of The Bulls

Encountered this kind of situation, even the clay figure still would get angry, even Sheilor just a stone, there still would have the word “resentment” carved on it. And the most made him angry thing was, he didn’t know where the problem was, how come the trees of the Pear Garden had already been covered with the snow, how come those two moons collided together, how come the day became the night, and how come the just got together two people became the strangers again?
Sheilor was not the buffalo which he disdained, but this was his first, with the words which he kept reminding Charming, this was also his virgin night. His emotion couldn’t be the beautiful spring scenery right away, so when he held hands with Bowie Hang, he put forth his strength a bit subconsciously, of course, his facial expression still remained extremely good.
“Congratulations.” Shielding held a big glass of beer up high, had a Ha Ha laughter to Sheilor, blessed him very sincerely, “I have seen too many one night stand, but like you this kind of one day boyfriend, it‘s really rare.”
His congratulations was sincere, because he didn’t need to worry about whether there would be some problems between Charming and Sheilor any more. 
But these words in Sheilor’s ears seemed the vicious irony, he drank down a big mouth of beer, frowned the eyebrows and said, “This thing is a little bit strange, I am not reconciled to it.”
“Have you… Slept with Charming yet?” Shielding lit up a cigarette, threw the cigarette box to Sheilor, asked like a thief, but the problem was that this guy was really too handsome, no matter how dirty he got, he still couldn’t let people to have the disgusting feeling.
Sheilor stared blankly for a moment, then immediately he thought of that spirit wearing the devil horns in that night, that period of romantic and graceful time, however, stood in the position of the girl, he couldn’t tell the truth to this toxic friend in front of him, so he shook his head.
Shielding lay to the back of the chair, heaved a sigh and said, “Then you should be really somewhat not reconciled to it, you know the eyes that I look at the beauties… If Charming not wearing that pair of black frame glasses in the bed, she will be absolutely a good-looking little beauty. But what a pity, what a pity.”
Sheilor felt depressed a bit when he heard this words, gave him a stare angrily, took a cigarette from the cigarette box and lit it up. Shielding had a frown on the eyebrows, said, “It looks like that you are really serious… But just gave you a kiss in the restaurant, this doesn’t mean anything. Women are always fickle, maybe she went back home for a couple days, then she would understand that you have no future… The emotional woman, when she sees a man, she will feel that he comes riding the white. But the rational woman, when she sees a man, she will analyze whether that white horse is bought or rented first, the blood is pure or not…”
The judgments about the men and women, childe Shielding had it go straight to the heart of the matter as always, incomparably bitter. But Sheilor didn’t listen to these words at all, he just thought over and over about the relationship between Charming and him in these several days, why it would have this kind of sudden change, he looked up suddenly and said, “Charming likes me.”
Shielding had a blank and then shook his head, reached out his thumb and said, “First time I find out that when you are in narcissism, just like when you have the lustful smile at the beginning, it pretty has a few of my style.”
Sheilor ignored him, he had the smoke while he frowned the eyebrows to analyze, “Since she likes me, but doesn’t want to admit the relationship with me, then it must be the reason that the relationship of she and me, will have the great obstacle to some matter.”
“The matter of man and woman only will affect the matter of man and woman. She just has that childe of the state senator by her side recently, according to my intelligence source, they two just get familiar in the family party held by the Chang family.”
“You even have you intelligence source?” Shielding looked at him stunned. 
Sheilor said calmly, “I bribed that girl student who lives next to Charming with a pearl necklace.” Sheilor continued to say, “Charming is not a vain people, even she wants to be with that childe of the state senator, she won’t be so stupid to choose this kind of way, this kind of time to end the relationship between she and me, if I really made some noise for it…”
Sheilor didn’t tell that thing about that night. And if it really caused both sides not so pleasant, once this kind of thing was announced, to the relationship between Charming and Bowie Hang, only would have the extremely huge killing effect.
“… more importantly, she and I have just started, any one of the normal woman, should be the emotional woman at this time, with your words to say, she wouldn’t notice the white horse I am riding what blood it is.”
“Keep going.” Shielding obvious had the interest, because he found out that what Sheilor analyzed really made some senses.
“So she wants to get closer a bit to Bowie Hang, it shouldn’t be because she likes him, but she must need to get closer to him in this period of time.” The words spoken by Sheilor was a bit obscure, but the truth was getting clearer and clearer, his that like knives eyebrows frowned up, the calm eyes looked at the outside of the pub through Shielding’s face, “As for the reason therein, I am not very clear, of course you won’t check for me as well.”
“Forget about it, The FBI won’t care for the things about brokenhearted.”
Sheilor suddenly frowned his eyebrows and said, “Last time at the gate of the nightclub, Bowie Hang was with that siblings of the Chad family, you told me once, Youzhi Chad has already entered into the Pear Garden university… Whether Charming wants to get close to Youzhi Chad through Bowie Hang? But why will she wants to get close to Youzhi? And you said that Youzhi’s father is the dignitary of the Department of Defense… Oh, my god.. Could it be said that Charming she is really working for the anti-government force?”
The ash fell shivered down on the suit, Shielding had a shock on his mind, he didn’t expect that Sheilor could reason out these many things disorderly, but he didn’t have any change on the face, said in taunt, “Don’t find yourself this many strange reasons, this is also too complicated, it’s really a pity that you don’t come to work for our FBI, those intelligence analysts, only know how to analyze the drawings of the main gun of the battleship from the rubbish dump… They are all the idiots.”
Sheilor had a full face of bitter smile, he knew that his analysis was really too absurd, completely was for himself to make it clear, Charming that kind of even would eat the wrong biscuit girl, how come would she be a spy? But at this time, he didn’t know, his this deduction has already been close to the fact infinitely. 
“Today not only no deep-fried dough pie, even no any night snack.” Charlie Tai had the gloomy face, said to the speaker, he just decided to not let steward Ken to prepare the night snack, but he didn’t think of the boy on the other side, would forget to bring the night snack incredibly.
Sheilor that torpid reply came from the speaker, “I don’t have the good mood today, forgot about this thing, you wouldn’t be dead for just having one meal less.”
Heard the rude words, childe Tai was ready to get angry subconsciously, but he suddenly listened to understand on the other side that always cheerful boy, would say that he was in the bad mood incredibly, immediately he was occupied by the strong curiosity, frowned his eyebrows and asked, “What’s the matter?”
Sheilor that voice didn’t have any up and down in the tone, that seemed particularly discouraging, “It seems that I just fall in love, but then inexplicably brokenhearted.”
“Well?” Didn’t know why, the read the files every day Charlie Tai, suddenly had the interest in the small household affairs about the boy in that room, he asked, “Tell me about it.”
The sitting in the operating cabin of the mecha, crossing the legs, staring at the high ceiling blankly Sheilor, heard the voice came from the speaker, suddenly had the move in the heart, thought that perhaps this mysterious guy could really find out some problems for him. Shielding that rogue official had the full head of hormones, he was really not the excellent object to consult the emotional problems. And this mysterious boy didn’t know who he was, many inconvenient to say words, he could say it over here, it might be assumed that  it’s impossible to have the rumor about Charming in the Pear Garden university anymore. 
After he made up his mind, Sheilor told all the things happened between Charming and him very seriously, even he didn’t avoid the things happened in that night, of course not including the details, and also left out some plots which could expose the identities of Charming and him.
The speaker silenced for a moment, and then the voice on the other side asked suddenly, “How long it lasted?”
A drop of cold sweat dripped down from Sheilor’s temple, of course he knew the question which the guy asked on the other side, certainly was not the time he could insist when he operated the mecha in the lowest level VI test. After struggled for a long time, he lowered his voice to tell the approximate time ashamedly. 
The silence on the other side of the speaker was even longer, and then burst out the exaggerated laughter and a words stabbing Sheilor’s that strong heart pain easily, “It’s not as long as what you can last in the level VI test… No wonder that woman don’t want to keep you.”
Sheilor said angrily, “Shouldn’t the first time be all this way?” Suddenly he stared at the speaker and asked in taunt, “You even don’t know about this, probably you are still a virgin?”
The laughter of the laughing Charlie Tai stopped immediately, he stared at the speaker for a long time, and then pretended to be calm to change the topic, “Woman’s heart, just like the gold pin sinks in the sea, you never could find out where it is.”
He didn’t want to care for Sheilor those childish and boring emotion problems, he spoke coldly, “Let’s get it started.”
Last night, the mild appearance and born proud in heart, the childe of the Tai family was defeated by Sheilor for the first time, he thought that it was just a coincidence, perhaps because the reason that Sheilor didn’t bring him the soup last night, let him to have the poor play. But today he had already adjusted all his emotions well, he was ready to give Sheilor a painful and unforgettable mecha lesson.
However… It was still five minutes later, Charlie Tai forced to constrain the anger had his sound to ring up in the speaker once again, “Yesterday you just lost your virgin and became a man, we said that you had the philter, then today what kind of medicine you had?!”
The sweating Sheilor looked at those data on the light screen with the fear after event, he still immersed in the violent pleasure sensation of beating up the other party’s mecha, said, “I am brokenhearted today, what I ate of course is gunpowder.”
The taste of lovelorn was not good to be enjoyed, especially the couldn’t find the reason and inexplicable that kind. No matter he was a stone, she was a shrew, every man and woman in the adolescence, would have the most fine and sensitive nerve in life, would shed tears over the changes of seasons, sigh and groan, all of these came from the on-off and sorrow-happiness of the emotion, even if a slight change of the emotion, would be enlarged countless times by the young man inside. Ten years later, they might laugh the persistence in those years off, but ten years ago, nobody could escape from this barrier.
In the classroom which was full of the light screen with the explain drawings on, Sheilor narrowed his eyes to look at the girl who was sitting with Bowie Hang, thought in his mind that what kind of thing love was, love is not a thing.


Chapter 18
Tonight Rain And Snow

“The battleship is composed by three big systems, the structure system, the control system, and the power system… Some students may be thinking, what about the weapon system? What about the observation system? I think, the students looking at the composition of the battleship this way basically all are the boy students.” 
The voice of the sitting on the platform professor Chow was very loud, so that even the clipped on his shirt pocket micro speaker gave out the noise of protest. He stared at those boy students in the classroom, brushed off their opinions to say, “Only the like reading magazines little boys would look at problem and know about problem so simply. Don’t forget, only these three big systems are the foundation of all the compositions… Just we take the Feather series battleship as the example, what those three main laser guns on it are composed of? The super strong alloy base and the spar converter! The drive control calibration! The energy stimulation!”
Professor Chow warped up his thumb, an induction light beam showed on the big screen, enlarged the structural drawing of the Feather series battleship, he pointed at three parts respectively and said, “And these three most important compositions, respectively, are the structure system, the control system, and the power system… The energy output of the weapon, after all will come upon the output of the power. Of course, if you want to talk about the shells used by the army, then you just take it as I never say anything.”
“The three big systems not only exist in the macro category, but also the detail composition of every specific part on the battleship, only these three big systems can coordinate and cooperate perfectly, then…”
“Of course, the Feather series battleship has already retired long ago, now the federation has the spar resource exhaustion, I figure that you don’t have too many chances to get on the battleship. Oh, the most important thing, we Pear Garden university is not the three big military academies or the West Forest military school, we don’t have the command department, it’s basically useless to tell you about these.”
The laughter and booing sound of the boy students burst out in the classroom, but professor Chow simply didn’t care at all, just kept speaking excitedly by himself.
“Then why do I need to spend the time to talk about these? That’s because you stand a chance to get in touch with the mecha, or those self-propelled armored vehicle, the self-propelled gun, but actually in the final analysis… Each one of them is the small battleship or the micro battleship, the things determine their performance and battle effectiveness, are still the structure, control and power these three big systems!”
“Fuck! Suddenly thought of that you these guys will develop in the civil aspect in the future… This class will be wasted.”
The laughter burst out in the classroom once again… Only Sheilor didn’t laugh, he also didn’t stare at the figure of Charming blankly. His mood was really somewhat complex and down at the moment, but he wouldn’t allow his life all sink into this inexplicable sentiment. He listened very carefully to professor Chow’s class, and felt that he had some kind of gain faintly.
“The mecha is a small battleship.” Sheilor repeated the words of professor Chow in his heart. Recalled the first repair he had in the Antique Bell, the large number drawings of the M series mecha he read in the zone H, and then connected it with the personal operation he had these nights in the H1 area recently, he had the deeper understanding to the theory of professor Chow, and connected it in the mind to a even more strange direction.
Because uncle had said to him in those years, the human body was the machine of the first sequence. 
If the mecha is a small battleship, then the human body itself is not a small mecha? The human body is also composed by the control system, the structure system and the power system. The structure system of course is the bone, muscle, viscera, hair, blood and skin these nature exist materials. The control system of course means the human brain and the nerve transfer… Only transfer through the nerve tract, the consciousness of the brain can control the contraction of the muscle, the movement of the joints and the breath of the lung, then these structures can work systematically.
Then what about the power system? Of course it’s the energy human body need, the human body consumes the food, turns it into the energy it needs through the digestion and absorption organs, stores it in the body, becomes the fat and blood sugar, the breathed oxygen get into the blood, and then burn in the body with their ways, provide the continuous energy for the body.
Sheilor thought silently, thought that his body seemed to have two systems not the same as the ordinary people. Like when he operated the mecha, the consciousness of the brain seemed to transfer to the limbs through a whole new channel. And that share of magical tremble power in his body, obviously couldn’t be erupted just by the normal way… He would become starving every time after he had the try, it should have the relation with the trait of this kind of energy?
For such speculative results, Sheilor felt very satisfied. He raised his head and looked at the figure of that girl, and then he felt not very satisfied again. The three big systems of his body develop to the powerful direction, but heart and feeling this kind of mysterious things couldn’t become more numb a bit. 
“That little porter endured five hours outside of the Plum Garden, you really don’t want to take a look?” The sound of the girl students booing and making fun came from outside of the door, maybe some of them were really Charming’s friends, but the more were just having the thought to watch the scene of bustle. Charming always was quiet and indifferent in front of all the people, plus the story about his past, in the girl students of the Pear Garden university, actually she was not that popular.
Charming ignored the noisy outside, without her permission, the electronic door wouldn’t let anyone to break in. she also didn’t care too much about the view and tease of other people. Except in front of that young boy student, she thought that she seldom lost her calm.
Walked to the front of the window, in the distance was the Rose river reflecting the lights in the darkness, the nearby grass lawn under the Plum Garden, there seemed to have a boy student stood over the side of the lawn. He stood over there from after school to the night, not just the body, even the expression seemed to be the same. Charming looked at that boy student blankly, picked up a lovely doggy biscuit and put it into her mouth. Chewed and chewed, her eyes got moist up, incomparably distressed.
The reason of distress was because she felt that she was very stupid, since she had already known that it would be the way like this, she shouldn’t be that way in that very day, shouldn’t go to provoke him. Now caused him to be the way like this, and she also became so sad like this, she still needed to pretend to be that look made herself sick.
Had to admit this, student Charming was a very  kind person, otherwise she wouldn’t give up her that good family, devoted herself into that career to strive the interest for the underclass people of the federation. But even after she had the training, that black frame glasses made her to appear sedate and mature, but for the matter about man and woman, she was still incomparably naïve and childish, confused in a complete mess.
The phone rang just right at this time, Charming put it to her ear, and then she heard the voice of Sheilor.
Sheilor was not a flirt, also not that kind of man crying out to commit suicide by hanging, he was just very rigid, as rigid as a stone. He had to make it clear the reason why Charming had her attitude sudden changed, so he blocked up the other party for half the night, finally dialed the phone in the end. He stopped the Charming’s question bout how he got her phone number, said calmly directly, “Don’t play cool any more. You are not Jane Sue, the acting is not so good, give it up. I don’t know what the fact you wish to hide on your that side, but I just want to tell you, this trick is useless for me.”
“I guess that you are looking at me by that dark window at this time, and quite sincerely moved by yourself? Maybe you are crying as well.”
The stood for a long time Sheilor finally brought out the ruthlessness which he had in the orphan gang on the Bell Tower street in those years, raised his head and looked at the seventh floor, said word by word bloodily, “Don’t you think that it’s very naïve?”
Charming was looking at the downstairs Sheilor with the tearful eyes at this time, but her feeling was hit incomparably complex by these two paragraphs from the phone, she “Pa” hung up the phone, and climbed into the bed.
The phone was disconnected, but Sheilor didn’t leave the Plum Garden, he felt that his heart was empty, if he couldn’t have the warm or words of that girl to fill it, it seemed to be empty like this forever. This was his first love, at least, it was her virgin night as well, he thought that two of them all should cherish it.
So he behaved that he did cherish it very much, very hard, so he had been standing in the Plum Garden and waiting.
It’s a bit cold in the late autumn, Sheilor was not an impulse man, he had already had the preparation, put on the thermal underwear inside, the outside was that green military dust coat which he got it in the airport, just exactly the one he wore when he met Charming for the first time. On the one hand, it’s for keeping warm; on the other hand, it could let the other party to think of him when she saw the clothes. This was already the most comprehensive arrangement which the love beginner Sheilor could think of.
But he misestimated the disgusted degree which the god had to this kind of clichés, a continuous patter of cold autumn rain came without any reason, drenched him all wet. He wiped the rain on his face, somewhat annoyed to take a glance at the sky. It’s already quiet and silent in the Plum Garden at this time, even those watching the fun girl students had already fallen into sleep, only the raindrops accompanied with his figure, that seemed incomparably lonely.
In the deeper night, a got up in the night to urinate girl student saw that man in the rain, she cried out a sound in the low voice. 
In the deepest night, the autumn rain suddenly became the first snow on the north of the planet, the flying snowflakes fell down just like this, fell down on Sheilor’s body, but cooled his body and his heart gradually.
In the primary early morning, Sheilor brushed lightly the snow on his body off, left the Plum Garden silently, he felt that it’s too cold, he also could ask about the thing in the dancing party. Charming’s face showed on the window of the Plum Garden seventh floor, she was somewhat lonely to look at the footprints which Sheilor left on the thin snow, thought in her heart that he probably would really give up all his hopes to her.
Sheilor didn’t go back to his gatehouse to have a hot bath and then go to the bed, first, the time was already not that much; second, his that exercised extremely strong body seemed to never have the bother to catch the cold in these years; third, he had the fire in his heart, the no bright color fire, made him very depressed, he needed to find a way to let it off.
He walked into the still nobody H1 area, thought in his heart, that mysterious boy should have already fallen into sleep at this time, he himself only could roar at those color patches in the level VI test. But to his surprise, the tea table in the lounge was empty, but the green light on that door was still on, could it be said that that guy was still in there? According to the usual routine, it’s already four o’clock in the morning, no matter himself or that guy should already be free from the bother of the insomnia.
The drenched all over Sheilor had a bit of concern, suddenly forgot he himself actually was at the most gloomy moment of youth, he walked to that room.


Chapter 19
Met Charlie Tai For The First Time

Knocked at the door of the room gentle, but there was no any response inside. Sheilor took a look at the green indicator light wonderingly, confirmed that the boy was still in the room, so he knocked the door harder and made the noise louder, but there was still no any response. Sheilor couldn’t help to have some worry, would anything happened to that guy, he was in a coma? He suddenly thought of that the sound insulation materials of the H1 area was extremely advanced, even the knocking sound also couldn’t get through inside?
He had a frown, went back to his own room directly, took out the backpack which he hid in the deepest place of the lockers, and then walked back to the door of the other room.
He emptied the things in the backpack to the ground disorderly, the metal tools and those components things made some strange sounds after hit the elastic ground. Sheilor didn’t have any pause, began to pick up the tools to have the disassembled work of the lock. Every time when he was practicing in the room, he would lock the door habitually, he knew that the lock of this door was that kind of restored ancient way structure, but not the common induction door in the federation. If the people inside didn’t open the door, then it’s very hard for the people outside to open it.
Fortunately, Sheilor had been with Levi them together from a child, although he never did any too evil thing, but he did a lot of things to those empty houses on the Bell Tower street, he had his own set of measures for opening the locks. And later he followed uncle Fengyu to learn for four full years, anything such about the metal structures, seemed to have no difficult to him, in this respect, he was born with some kind of keen space structure judgment and solve ability. 
The sound of the spring and motor kept ringing up and down, the self-powered tools kept going the disassembled work ceaselessly, sent out the waves of the noise, these sounds echoed in the quiet H1 area, seemed extraordinarily harsh to the ear.
Sheilor had already had some cold sweat on his forehead, the tools kept changed in his hands, having the damage to those complex structures. He had the worry in his heart stronger and stronger, because the movement was this big, still couldn’t let that boy in the room to have any response. It seemed like that there was something happened to the other party.
With the “Hss” the sound, the lines of the chip was connected, the last metal three-pieces reeds of the door lock sprang open, the door of the room contracted into the alloy wall, showed a broad space which was similar to the room which Sheilor stayed in every night, there was also a platform on the distant wall, a black M series prototype mecha was hung on the platform. More that ten different colors data transmission belts and current transmission belts connected it with the outlets on the wall together.
Sheilor didn’t stop a moment on these he was very familiar scenes, he threw the tools on the ground conveniently, and then rushed to the direction of the mecha. Because he had already seen at the first time, a black hair was leaned against the operating cabin sideway, he could tell in that position that his body shouldn’t have any strength, he should have already fallen into a coma. 
The looked like far distance, Sheilor got to there in the running very soon. Just as what he climbed over the electronic fence of the federation in those years, he climbed up agilely like an ape along the gaps of the metal components on the machinery leg of the mecha, didn’t go with the formal route. 
Climbed into the operating cabin with the fastest speed, Sheilor got that with very thin figure young man to sit right, put his face near his mouth and nose, he put his fingers on his carotid artery gently, confirmed that the heartbeat and breath of this man were still normal, then he rested his heart slightly. He was thinking in gasp, probably this man just only fell into coma, that should be easy to handle, just didn’t know why this guy would pass out suddenly.
Gently slapped on that young man’s face with his hand, Sheilor shouted anxiously, “Wake up, wake up.”
The face of the young man was very pale, but showed some unhealthy flush after he was slapped gently couple times by Sheilor. Sheilor frowned his eyebrows, thought in his mind, it’s afraid that it would be too late to call the hospital, and it’s afraid that those doctors also didn’t have the permission to go into the zone H and the H1 area. 
He took a look around left and right, his eyes fell on the safe belts of the operating cabin, didn’t even have a second thought, the right pulled on the middle of the belt, had a stuffy groan, along with his mind, he could feel the heat on the back of his waist immediately. That magical power transferred to his hand along with the slight tremble under his skin, he exerted himself to have a pull. With “Pa” the crisp sound, that in the high strength action, still could fasten the driver’s body super strong flexible fiber fixing strap, was broken into two parts in Sheilor’s abnormal hand. 
Tightened the thin young man on his back with the fixing strap, Sheilor climbed down the high mecha very carefully but quickly. After he got to the ground, he rushed to the outside of the door once his feet touched the ground. He didn’t know what’s wrong with this guy, would pass out over here unexpectedly for no reason. He didn’t dare to be a bit careless at all, he must send the other party to the hospital in the shortest time.
Carrying the emaciated young man on his back, Sheilor ran across the door of the room, ran across the lounge. When the alloy doors from the H1 area to the zone H were just open a bit, the extremely worried  and anxious him, suddenly heard the somewhat strange but somewhat familiar weak voice came from his back.
“Where you want to bring me to?”
“To the hospital.” Sheilor didn’t look back, just answered subconsciously, then he found out that the man on his back had already woke up, he stopped his steps surprised.
“Put me down.” The voice of that young man on his back was still very weak, but it’s still like the issued command not allow people to refuse.
Sheilor stared blankly for a moment, unfastened the fixing strap on his body, put that man down. Saw the face of the other party was still very pale with some wrong, he held him tightly into the lounge in a hurry, put him on the sofa. Up until now, Sheilor then had time to look at this face carefully, found out that this was a somewhat comely young boy student, his eyes were still closed at this time, the thin lips closed very tightly, seemed that his was somewhat in pain, and below his eye sockets had the unhealthy light green color.
This was the first time Sheilor met with Charlie Tai, Charlie Tai was closing his eyes tightly at that time, fell into the illness. So in Sheilor’s impression after this, Charlie Tai was a younger than him, looked very poor wick and weak young man. This impression had been kept for many years, no matter what kind of identities Charlie Tai became to, but Sheilor still thought so stubbornly all the time. “You’d better go to the hospital first…” Sheilor looked at the closing eyes him, suggested him with his concern.
Charlie Tai opened his eyes slowly, Sheilor’s words stopped abruptly. He never thought of that the eyes of a young man would be so calm and quiet, just like that he was an old man had already experienced countless years of vicissitudes, although they still kept the particularly clean and clear of the young man, but when Sheilor looked at his eyes, he still would think subconsciously that the eyes of the other party might never had a bit of trembling.
This is the eyes looking down the federation brought by the status insight and mentality, this is the trained calmness when grew up in the biggest and oldest family of the federation from a child, this is a pair of eyes which only the real big shots could have. But Sheilor didn’t know about these at all, he just felt that the eyes of the other party had the calmness and the gentleness but didn’t have any warm meaning, just showed a strand of reserved meaning of the absolute perfect and the pride in the kindness.
Sheilor had a scratch on the head, didn’t want to think about why this pair of eyes of this guy would be mild but also make people fear, he said, “What happened?”
Charlie Tai didn’t think of that he would wake up from the coma, the first one he saw would be that boy unexpectedly, he silenced and didn’t answer his question. His body had been not that good, the blood sugar was too low, that problem had never been well, especially lately these years he would often be in insomnia, thus he felt more tired day after day, every night he must had some night snack which steward Ken prepared for him elaborately, then he could have some supplement energy.
He told steward Ken no need to prepare the night snack, that’s because he had already got used to that porter kid to bring the food for him every night, but he didn’t expect four days in a row, except the second day Sheilor brought him a bag of deep-fried dough pies, he actually didn’t have anything to eat. Charlie Tai thought with some headache, he seemed to have already become a fed well wild cat, got used to some things already.
Charlie Tai didn’t want to deal with this young man too much, even didn’t want to meet him at all, but right now they finally also meet each other, he thought in his mind even with some anger, if not for lost to this beginner in the mecha operation, let him to concentrate on practice and forgot about the time, he would unlikely pass out because of the too low blood sugar.
Just because of these thoughts, let his that could keep perfectly demeanor in front of his subordinates and retainers to appear a gap, he stared at the looking at him with concern young student in front, said word by word, “I didn’t pass out, just… fell into sleep.”
Sheilor obviously didn’t believe in this explanation, he laughed out, “I have broken op the door for that long, you still didn’t wake up, unless you are a pig.”
Charlie Tai had his face gloomy a bit, with his identity to be scolded as a pig, it’s really a thing hard to bear, he silenced for a moment, said, “I have the low blood sugar.” And then frowned his eyebrows and said, “You didn’t prepare the night snack for me several days in a row, that’s why.”
Sheilor didn’t have the responsibility and obligation to prepare the night snack for the other party, if for other people, certainly would retort, but Sheilor seemed to feel that this was really his fault, he was this kind of people originally, so he was somewhat ashamed to say sorry.
Although they actually had been communicated for a long time through the pen and paper, and also talked to each other in the speakers, had the fights in the virtual scenes, but actually this was the first time Sheilor and Charlie Tai met each other in person, they were two strangers with the incomparable disparity of status and position, so in the beginning, the atmosphere of the scene was somewhat embarrassing and strange. Until Charlie Tai mentioned the night snack these two words, then the atmosphere became familiarly and freely immediately, just like the building suddenly became a white paper, and these two young men became the two words on the white paper.
Sheilor stood up, at the door of the room, he found a bottle of water and a bag of compression high-energy biscuits in the pile of scattered things.
One biscuit and one mouth of water, the spirit of Charlie Tai seemed to get much better, his mood also relaxed a lot, he heaved a sigh and said, “It can’s be helped, I this person is always easy to feel hungry, if I don’t bring some snacks with me all the time, it’s no way to live.”
“Oh, right, known you for that long, I still don’t know your name.” He reached out the hands very sincerely, said, “My name is Sheilor.”
Charlie Tai of course knew his name was Sheilor, hesitated for a moment, he reached out his hand slowly, said, “Charlie Tai.”


Chapter 20
The Born President

Tai is a very rare surname in the federation, Sheilor always felt that he seemed to have seen it on some kind of book, he thought for a moment, but he didn’t think it of, so he just threw it out of his mind, he looked at Charlie Tai’s slightly pale face and said seriously, “Since your body is not that good, why do you still stay up late every night? If you are in insomnia, then you shouldn’t even drink the coffee.”
At this time, Charlie Tai’s body had already become back to normal basically, he didn’t want to have any contact with Sheilor at first. When he was ready to leave, then he heard a sincere words like this, that made him couldn’t help to stand stupefied for a moment.
In the view of Charlie Tai, writing something on the white paper with Sheilor every night, eating some deep-fried dough pies and drinking some soybean milk, all these were just the not eye-catching episode in his life. Although he still didn’t have the adult ceremony yet, he still allowed himself to be childish once in a while now, but ultimately these were the childish things-- He ordered the steward Ken who had the only permission to enter the H1 area, prohibited to enter when he was still inside. Just didn’t want to let those loyal and devoted, regarded himself as the emperor subordinates and retainers, found out that he originally also had the mischievous side.
Just because of this reason, even if he went back to the villa much later than usual, steward Ken also would just stay and wait in the corridor honestly, and not dared to come in. After all that steward Ken would also never think of, his master would be in a coma, and even he also wouldn’t know that the body of Charlie Tai beside the blood sugar was too low, still had a kind of very troublesome disease.
Charlie Tai knew that he had already owned Sheilor a favor, and he could tell the real sincerity in the eyes of the other party very easily, so he smiled and sat on the sofa, no longer wanted to leave in a hurry. And Sheilor also very sensitively found out that the calm eyes of this emaciated young man seemed to become a bit warmer. But this kind of warm was still like looking down from a height and self-control that kind, it had a kind of keeping people at arm’s length feeling, Sheilor was not that used to it. He frowned his eyebrows and said, “Since you don’t want to go to the hospital, do you want me to send you home?’
At this time Sheilor had already guessed that the other party must be the childe of some sort of rich family, after all not all the people could take the Caspian roe cake as the ordinary snack to eat. And it’s been these many days, Sheilor found out that besides himself and this sitting on the opposite side called Charlie Tai guy, no third person had the permission to enter the H1 area. Sheilor could analyze, he could enter into here, it must be some problems with the disguise chip which his boss left to him, then what about the other party? 
Charlie Tai didn’t answer his question right away, but was quite interested to look at him, seemed to want to find out what kind of person Sheilor exactly was.
The cheap snack was not a problem, but he just had a few of his cakes, drank a cup of coffee, then decided to make some compensations, and kept the insistence tirelessly for these many days, this would be not that easy. Moreover, the worry shown by the other party earlier when he saw that he passed out was even not false. He grew up in the education of the books about the political history and conspiracy those kinds, it’s really hard to imagine, there would be really some people like Sheilor willing to help other people but not ask for anything in return, completely from the heart. Even there would be this kind of people, it also shouldn’t be a not up to twenty years old young man.
This kind of calm and quiet eyes, let Sheilor to feel the great pressure, he felt that it’s weird in his heart, this guy looked so poor and harmless when his closed his eyes, but he would be overbearing when he opened his eyes, this was really weird.
Since the body of the other party didn’t have any problems, he also wouldn’t be so nervous like just now. The exhaustion of one night not sleeping, the standing hard under the Plum Garden all flooded into his body, he couldn’t help to exhale a breath lightly. Sat slumped in the chair, narrowed his eyes to look at the other party, “If you don’t want to speak, then don’t say anything, rest for a while and then go back.” he said.
After a very long time, Charlie Tai seemed to just have his reaction back, he said gently with a very slow speed, “Thank you, I think that I can leave now.”
Sheilor that like knives eyebrows had a shock slightly. He then found out that the voice of the other party was a little bit different from the voice in the speaker, not the difference in the tone, but the change of this kind of speed, let this emaciated young man had a few majesty feeling unexpectedly. Sheilor doubted that whether he had some illusions, he opened his eyes in doubt, looked at him and said, “you are that virgin boy?”
Charlie Tai had his eyes narrowed a bit, didn’t show the anger in his heart out, said coldly, “you have any question, premature ejaculation boy?”
Sheilor was embarrassed very much, but he had the “Ha ha” laughter and patted on his shoulder, “not bad. It’s you this virulent guy. Saw you talk like a president making a war speech, it’s really somewhat not used to it.”
The corner of Charlie Tai’s eye left no trace to sweep on his own shoulder, he was not adapt to that someone showed the intimate way like this to him, especially patted on his body carelessly like this. From many years ago, no one dared to do like this anymore. The only one dared to do so in those years, Chavis Chad, ever since he knew his identity, also turned into a quail in front of him.
Sheilor didn’t pay attention to the emotion on Charlie Tai’s face, or he didn’t even feel like to notice it at all, he heaved a sigh and said, “I have my own reason to come to here every night, what about you? Could it be said that you are really in insomnia and bored?”
“My insomnia is because of the pressure.” Charlie Tai looked at Sheilor calmly, thought of that this in front of him boy even would tell him the story about what he did in the bed, suddenly surged a kind of extremely absurd feeling in his heart. He hesitated for a moment and then said with a smile, “you should have already guessed, my family is very rich, but my father had the bad luck, he died too early. I was educated to take over the family business as a child, I need to undertake those very heavy responsibilities, this kind of pressure really make me somewhat couldn’t be peaceful. Although I believe my ability, but I always feel that I am just only eighteen years old, then I have to think about the things of eighty years old, it’s really not too much fun.”
After he said these words, Charlie Tai frowned his eyebrows slightly, he didn’t understand why he would seem to trust the other party very much subconsciously, looked at Sheilor that honest face, then he would tell those words which he always hid in the abyss of his mind.
Sheilor didn’t have any shocked expression, he just shrugged his shoulders. He had already guessed the family of the other party would be uncommon long ago, of course he wouldn’t be surprised. Just right at this moment, he would never think of the family property, which Charlie Tai said that he would inherit, would be so huge to extremely horrible. 
He just said soothingly, “who doesn’t have any pressure while he is alive? I still felt that you are younger than me just now, now I know that you are just only eighteen years old, why do you need to live so hard? Pressure this thing, just keep it in your heart, what you supposed to live in the ordinary days, then you just live it that way.”
This was what Sheilor sighed about what happened to him, he was just an ordinary federal young man who wanted to have the normal life, but because he knew uncle, resulted in that the track of life had been twisted forcibly to the way what he could never dare to imagine. The only disguise chip of the federation was installed in his nape, if someone found this secret, he surely would know what “fate worse than death” meant. Actually the pressure he was assuming also was very great, but he just could face all of these tenaciously and optimistically, and also opened the other party like this.
Charlie Tai distracted a moment, of course he wouldn’t let himself to become relaxed just because of a few words by the other party, and the strong self-discipline also let him didn’t want to be relaxed at all. He looked at Sheilor, said with a smile, “some pressures you have to assume, can’t escape, or even enlarge it forcibly, then this will urge us to make progress.”
Sheilor shook his head, thought that this named Tai boy was the same as Charming, seemed that all had the self-abuse potential, he looked at him and said very seriously, “I always feel that this is wrong, no matter how great your future will be, it is also not worth to sacrifice your own health, maybe you even want to be the president?”
Charlie Tai stared blankly for a moment, stared at him with a kind of pondering eyes, and then laughed up loudly, the laughter turned into the cough in the end, he kept coughing ceaselessly.
“Crazy guy.” Sheilor thought in his mind like this, had the wry smile on his face, told his phone number once, told him, “known for this many days, you have eaten me so many things, we also could be counted as friends, if you have any problems in the future, just give me a call.”
Charlie stopped his laughter, quietly looked at the back figure of Sheilor who was tidied up the mess by the door of the room, he thought in his heart that probably he would never make this call.
“I have already met with senator Palmer, didn’t let the appreciation you have to him down, he and his that shabby aids and staff team really come up with a set of political program and reform plan, it’s very attractive and very practical.”
On the light screen in the villa, a woman showed up, this woman was about forty years old, she still kept her charm from the back to see, she was dressed in the home dress to put the sheets under the sun in the balcony at this time. But the doing the very usual housework woman, was talking about the meeting she had with the political new star of the federation, the senator Palmer from the East Forest Region, like talking about the daily life of her family.
Charlie Tai looked at his mother on the light screen, didn’t open his mouth to ask anything, because he knew that since his mother contacted him with the ultra secret line, it’s for sure that she was not telling him about the result of the negotiation, but had the more important things to tell him,
“Palmer is a middle-aged man with too much idealism.” that woman was shaking the sheets, continued to say, “but it’s already a good choice, just he always has some distrust and fear to our this family, I have already made a great concession, then gain his trust.”
“I made a decision to promote the Management Committee to amend the charter, to allow the president to be re-elected twice in the special period.” the mistress of the Tai family turned her body around, spoke to the light screen in a soft voice, “if Palmer didn’t make any mistake, I hope that he could stay in that palace to finish fifteen years.” 
The facial expression of Charlie Tai finally had some change, he frowned and said, “this is a big movement, even if our family could win the support of those other families, it’s also unlikely that we could control the senators of the Management Committee, and what’s more, the general public have the congenital conflict emotion to this kind of things.”
“Within fifteen years, the empire would start the war again inevitably.” the mistress of the Tai family said quietly, “a nation depends on conquering the foreign countries to resolve the bloody contradiction of domestic classes, couldn’t leave without war this stuff. As long as the war started, our Palmer, of course would have enough reason to become the first president with three terms.”
Charlie Tai was silent, he respected the senator Palmer very much, so he disliked his mother “our Palmer” this kind of wording very much.
“Fifteen years later, you will be thirty three years old.” the woman in the light screen said quietly, “should let the federation to have the youngest president in history.”
Charlie closed his eyes, said with the slightly sarcastic tone, “Palmer could be re-elected for three terms, I am also much younger, of course I can be re-elected for many more times.”


Chapter 21
The Adult Ceremony (1)

“There will be the Bi-moons Festival in a couple days.” The woman in the light screen obviously didn’t get mad because of her only son’s slightly sarcastic tone, she said with a smile, “Your father and I met in that dancing party, I wish that you also have the good luck as your father did. My boy, enjoy it, see you in the winter vacation.”
Charlie Tai answered with a smile, “But I don’t think that my father’s luck is that good.” It’s a joke which he could have as a son, he added one more words in his heart, his own life don’t have anything good to be enjoyed.
“Although that girl of the Chad family certainly couldn’t be the candidate who you pick for your wife, but I always think, with her feminine beauty and the relationship with you in those days, you shouldn’t mind to develop some relationship with her.” The woman in the light screen suddenly had a flicker of evil interest flashed on the corners of her lips, “Besides, I have always thought that the shape of her waist and ass suits to have baby very much.”
The light screen became dark again and retracted back to the ceiling, the expression of Charlie Tai calmed down, he wiped off the foundation make-up which he put below the eyes with a wet tissue, although he had the fear more than the love to his mother, it’s totally different from the relationship which he had with his father in those years, but he also knew it clearly, all his mother did was for his consideration, he was a dutiful son, didn’t want to let lady Tai to worry about his health.
There were two more days from the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, Charlie Tai fell into the silence in the autumn sunshine of the midday. He didn’t care about that dancing party, what Youzhi came to the Pear Garden university for, he knew it very clearly, he was just somewhat annoyed to show up in front of those people, who knew about him, in some kind of established appearance, because he didn’t like that center position which was surrounded by those people.
According to the tradition of dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, he should be on the second floor, overlooking those dancing trippingly men and women downstairs. He would pick a favorite girl in the females of the dancing party, then sent out the invitation gently, hoped that she would be his close friend in some certain period, and at the same time ended the virgin career which he held for eighteen years.
Yes, according to the tradition which the Tai family had already inherited for countless years, this time the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, exactly would be the adult ceremony for Charlie Tai, just not many people knew about it in the whole federation, perhaps some powerful characters smelled the message faintly, but they also would never find out the real details. 
The adult ceremony of the Tai family, was about two years earlier than the adult ceremony of the rest big families, it would be chosen to hold at any day and in any dancing party of the young man’s eighteen years old that year. And the very special thing was, the adult ceremony of the Tai family, was a trial about love, man and woman.
Not a girl could refuse the invitation by the descendants of the Tai family, even if some people didn’t know who he was at all, didn’t know that he presented the oldest and most honorable family history of the federation, but days later in the dream environment built by the infinite wealth and power, they would also all sink into it.
Love in this story would never be the leading role, or love itself could be planned out, just same as the president who represented the federal spirit and the populace power. 
The very wonderful thing was, the former descendants of the Tai family, didn’t know that their adult ceremony was a trial. Many people rushed into the fire like a moth, just like a child of every common family, to love bravely. Some of them would choose the dancing partner in the adult ceremony, to become the woman to accompany with his whole life, such as Charlie Tai’s father, this should be a kind of relatively happy ending.
But more people would find out dully in this process, those originally untouchable iceberg beauties in the eyes of the youth budding boys, in front of the horrific power and influence of the Tai family, all would become the made them sad tame sheep. In this process, they would understand, the so-called love, not that holly and pure as what they imagined after all.
The ancestor of the Tai family set this strange rule, originally, exactly wanted to let his male descendants to know, love is kind of goods which could be bought with money and power, thus they wouldn’t make the irreparable mistake in the future life because of the matter about man and woman. 
Charlie Tai was lucky, because of the reason of seven generation more than him, or perhaps because his parents was the god-given pair from falling in love in the adult ceremony to the end. When he was very little, lady Tai had already begun to tell him the real meaning of the adult ceremony. And very calmly and seriously told him, don’t have the extravagant hope that he could have the good luck same as his father. As the successor of the Tai family, love could have, love should have, but it’s impossible to have it in the adult ceremony.
This was also the thing Charlie Tai couldn’t understand the most, the seven big families, including the Tai family, always valued incomparably those rules which came down from the ancient times, even lady Tai was not a conservative people, and even she had already told him the real meaning of the so-called adult ceremony, but still asked him to take the opportunity of the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival… to find a female companion for his this one year campus life. In the opinion of Charlie Tai, this kind of practice was undoubtedly like the popular saying, take off the pants to fart.
Charlie Tai grew up in the federal society, the books he read and the TV he watched were all the contents of this era. Although the environment he grew up from a child was riches and honor to the extreme, the education he had was totally different from the general peers, he had the mature and calm far exceeded his age, he also had heart willing to assume the responsibility of the family, but he still could adapt to a lot of details after all. The light of the ancient royal family was too far away from him, he didn’t understand why those subordinates would always still treat him as a what prince, in his view, in a democratic society, it shouldn’t still have this kind of thinking mode at all.
Today the words of lady Tai, let Charlie Tai had a clearer cognition to his own identity and the already planned brilliant future. That share of accompanied with him from a child pressure, seemed to turn into the essence, spilled all over the room, let him to have some difficulties to breathe. He closed his eyes and silenced for a long time, and then picked up his exclusive mobile phone, dialed a phone number.
This number that guy just said it only once, but Charlie Tai remembered it very easily, he thought that he would never dial this number in this lifetime, but didn’t think of, just only half a day pasted, he had already changed his mind.
“Don’t bring the night snack to here tonight, bring a whole set of clothes. In addition, do you know in the Coastal state any quieter… brothel?”
“No need.”
“Thank you.”
Hung up the phone, Charlie Tai reposed with the eyes close, waiting for the coming of the night and tomorrow. He was a self-discipline descendant of the old and well-known family, he also had the sense of responsibility. Although he had the rejection emotions occasionally to the surrounding environment and the arrangements of his mother, but he wouldn’t choose the childish escape or resistance. But he thought in his heart, at least adult ceremony this kind of thing, he should arrange it by himself. 
The short-lived meet. Sheilor was absent-minded to look at the table no one around in front of him, there was no more that wore black frame glasses girl over there. It had been four days, he felt that he had already been getting used to the life without her. Because after he escaped from the East Forest Region, he had already got used to be a person silently, but he still would pay attention that across the table without her, the runway without her, the Rose riverside without her, and the night without her.
The students passed by around would notice that he was muzzy at the table by the window occasionally, the people knew about this thing, would cast the taunt and contemptuous eyes at him. In the eyes of all the people, the swan might occasionally accompany with the toad to go for the food in the pond, but it’s impossible that she would marry a toad for real. 
The autumn sunshine of the midday fell on Sheilor’s body through the glass, the muzzy him felt some warm, and then his mobile phone rang, the pop-up thin screen didn’t have any number or area code shown on it. He got it through wonderingly, then he heard that voice which he often heard recently, and then he was in a kind of inexplicably stunned emotion. 
What he wants to find the brothel for? Sheilor didn’t know whether that named Tai boy had some problems with his brain, but he also didn’t want to stay in the Pear Garden university at this time, stay in the sarcastic eyes of those students. Thought for a moment, he promised him, and then put forward the suggestion seriously, “I also don’t know this kind of things too well, but I have a friend who should know about this kind of things very well, do you want me to call him out together as well?”
“No need? Then well, I will wait for you tonight in the lounge.”
“No thanks.”
“You won’t be ready to run away from home, right?” Sheilor looked at Charlie, asked seriously. He couldn’t adapt to a child of the rich family such as the other party, would with a kind of thesis defense tone, asked him to help him to find a woman incredibly, he said, “Even if the pressure is big in the family, but after all, your parents did all the things just for your, you shouldn’t mess things up.”
After he finished this sentence, he then thought of that the father of the other party had already died, so he had the sorry revealed on his face, but his these words were all from his heart, his family died in that mine disaster unfortunately, let Sheilor to long for that kind of warmth more than any one.
Charlie Tai replied calmly, “Didn’t you always taunt at me that I am a virgin? I just want to find a woman to try what it is. But I fell it oddly instead, when you heard my this kind of request, you wouldn’t even blink your eyes and promise me unexpectedly, that couldn’t let me have to question, whether you often do this kind of thing.”
Sheilor had a wry smile, but didn’t answer. Thought of when he was on the Bell Tower street in those years, every month he would go to those recreation centers to pay the whoring fee for his boss, he seemed to have already been used to this kind of request, so he would promise him so naturally in the phone.
Charlie took a look at that green army dust coat on his body, tried to put the rain cap on the head, confirmed that it’s impossible for the monitoring equipments outside the H1 area to take the picture of his face, then he nodded his head satisfied. But then he frowned slightly and asked, “The military uniform of the West Forest, where did you get it from?”
“I forgot.” Sheilor was not very used to lie in front of his friend, but he was not willing to speak of anything about Little Watermelon, he didn’t prepare to have any relationship with that stood high above the masses Chung family in this life, he looked at the wrapped tightly by the dust coat Charlie Tai, said with doubt, “How come I always felt, we are going to be the thieves.” 
Charlie Tai didn’t answer him, but walked directly to the outside of the H1 area. It’s the 4 a.m. the morning at this time, the zone H was no one around, he just talked with Sheilor optionally, killed the time. They waited until it’s over 6 a.m. the morning, some other students began to come in, then they took a look at each other in the eyes, and walked to the outside.


Chapter 22
The Adult Ceremony (2)

Those diligent students, didn’t know which area they came out from, just thought that they got up earlier than they did, couldn’t help to have the admire look on their faces. Just in this kind of look, Sheilor and the dressed in green army dust coat Charlie Tai, left the library zone H, on the road looking for women.
“It really looks like that we are going to be the thieves.” It had a snow couple days ago, the weather was still a bit cold, Sheilor tightened the scarf a bit, looked at the silent Charlie Tai by his side, had the infinite curiousness in his mind, even needed to disguise himself, then dared to come out, could it be said that this guy’s family would watch him so strictly?
In the early morning of the Pear Garden university, along the road, a lot of girl students were having the morning exercise or having the breakfast, Sheilor rubbed on his somewhat tired face, said, “The male-female ratio of the Upper Forest is exactly the opposite of the East Forest, more women and less men, if you really want to get rid of the virgin life early, then you should fall in love with somebody.”
The whole face of Charlie Tai was covered by the rain hat, only could see the bottom half of his face. He smiled to smell the breath of the campus, looked at those students walking at ease in the slight autumn wind, didn’t answer Sheilor’s words, said, “are you not just crossed in love? How come you would be willing to accompany me to go out to find a woman? The love is also a bit too cheap.”
Sheilor had a wry smile, replied, “I just sympathize you this poor guy, you are supervised too strictly by your family, but I don’t have the meaning to enter the water with you.”
Charlie Tai ignored his explanation, just calm and focused on enjoying the rare freedom and the secular breath. He left the family when he was little, originally lady Tai also hoped that he could grow up healthy just like a normal federal young man, so she sent him to a normal primary school in the Capital District. But before long, his identity still leaked out. For the safety and to avoid those like shadow flattery and ingratiation, lady Tai had to give up this kind of thought. Then Charlie tai began to keep changing the schools, including the preparatory university of the Capital University and the Pear Garden university, these are the places the Tai family could take full control, and he also could have the most perfect protection in these schools.
He hadn’t gone to the school and lived like an ordinary people for many years, Charlie Tai somewhat missed that year when he was a child and quarreled and fought with Chavis Chad.
These two people walked through a wood silently, when they walked pass by the full of space style comprehensive gymnasium of the Pear Garden university, they both found out that the comprehensive gymnasium here was abnormally lively today. Countless heavy carrier loader drove in and out, the staffs of the school, were busily decorating the gymnasium. A huge banner was pulled up, the words on it were covered with the cloth, they couldn’t see what it was.
“Tomorrow will be the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, it looks like that it would be really a very grand one.” Sheilor suddenly felt down in the dumps, Charming would probably go to the dancing party with that senator childe, of course he wouldn’t go there.
“It’s not just only the dancing party, the First Military Academy will begin to visit our university tomorrow, I heard that in the comprehensive gymnasium, they will perform a mecha show.” Charlie Tai looked at the direction of the comprehensive gymnasium calmly, told Sheilor, “Around a circle, actually the H1 area is just right behind the comprehensive gymnasium.”
He noticed the silence of Sheilor, said, “the dancing party will be held in the evening, every student must attend, I also can’t escape.”
“I don’t go.” Sheilor slightly had a pause, and then said quietly, “I’m just an auditor. I don’t go, nobody will say me something.”
“Whether you are worrying to see that your former girlfriend has a new sweetheart?” Charlie Tai smiled gently, “I advise you that you should still go to there. Perhaps there will be some surprise waiting for you.”
Sheilor shook his head, in these several days, he had already confirmed that Charming had made up her mind. Although he still thought that this thing was some weird, he still was not reconciled to it. But originally the heart of the woman is the capricious thing, it’s impossible to have what really surprise. 
He looked at the staffs and the heavy trucks in and out of the comprehensive gymnasium, asked doubly, “why the First Military Academy will come to visit our school? Our school doesn’t have the mecha operation major, that is the thing of the military aspect… the mecha show, what is this for?”
He was somewhat curious about the students of the federal highest military academy, what the control ability on the mecha aspect would be. But once he thought of his that slow to the extreme operation, he didn’t have more interest anymore, as for the competitiveness, he even didn’t have any. Charlie Tai had a wry smile slightly, thought in his mind, the First Military Academy come to the Pear Garden university to perform the mecha operation, of course it’s the demonstration to the Pear Garden university. Also want to proof to the Tai family, to learn mecha this stuff, or should better to return to the First Military Academy.
Of course Charlie Tai wouldn’t explain this to Sheilor. They walked through the gate of the comprehensive gymnasium, walked to the outside of the campus. 
In the outside of the school, they had the breakfast optionally. Charlie Tai was very satisfied with the taste of this kind of small restaurant, he looked at Sheilor and said appreciated, “let you to be the tour guide, it looks like that it is a good choice.”
“You this poor kid.” Sheilor said sympathetically, “where you want to go to play later, it’s on me, amusement park or the cinema?”
Charlie Tai distracted for a moment, said seriously, “I just want to find a woman.”
Sheilor scratched his head, said helplessly, “you are really a man more clinging than I am, but as far as I know, those places don’t open in the morning.”
When they were waiting for the taxi down the street, Sheilor dialed through the phone of Shielding, he held the phone and asked, “old fellow, don’t you know what place will also open in the morning… of course it is that kind of place, which kind?… well, that kind can find a woman place.”
Shielding was hugging a young woman in the bed at this time, the drowsiness was swept away immediately, he praised loudly in the phone, “begin to understand now! It seems that the blow of the one day boyfriend really let you to understand! Asked you how many times to go there with me, you just didn’t go… rest assured, as long as you have money, don’t say in the morning, even on the Patriotic War day, I still can find you the place open. You are at the backdoor of the Pear Garden university right now? Wait for me to pick you up.”
The half-naked young woman in his arms suddenly took a look at him sad with hidden bitterness, thought in her mind that why this beautiful would be this don’t-know-how. Shielding noticed the eyes of the woman in his arms, coughed a couple times, said to cell phone embarrassedly, “I’ll see you then.”
Sheilor took a look at the by his side Charlie Tai, knew that the other party didn’t want to meet Shielding, he felt embarrassed to speak on the cell phone, “you just tell me the address, don’t need to come with me.”
On the other side of the phone, Shielding distracted for a moment, he thought that Sheilor was just timid, he thought for a while and then said with a smile, “that will be fine, you remember this address. Oh, right, tomorrow night will be the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, I will go to buy some clothes, I will also buy you a set by the way, tomorrow I will bring it to you in the daytime.”
Sheilor just wanted to refuse, said that he didn’t want to attend that dancing party, even he wanted to go to that party, he also had already bought the clothes. But suddenly he thought of that those clothes were bought by him with Charming together, then his heart became bitterly immediately. Just when he was silent, Shielding that side had already hung up the phone crisply.
“Never thought of looking for the joyhouse, still could call to ask the teacher unexpectedly.” Charlie frowned slightly, shook his head.
Joyhouse is the brothel, heard that the brothel was called blue mansion in the empire there. No matter in which era, in which region, or in which nation, this industry was always that flourishing, with politics together became the never fall two large industries. In the federation, prostitution industry was never legalized, from the period of the imperial power to the period of the constitution, to the recent federation, the human society had been debating actually where this industry would be going to. The Management Committee of the federation for the pass of the related legislation, those senators had already argued for six hundreds, presumably that this kind of argument still would keep going.   
But this industry had already existed, and would last forever. Before they could pass the decisive act, the senators only could pass a lot of additional regulations, to standardize this industry. Such as the business hours, such as the physical examination times of the practitioners, such as the tax calculation way, such as the disease control and the prevention education, such as the distance the place of business away from the school and the government departments. In short, the countless additional regulations made it clear that the federal government had already admitted the existence of this industry, but just no one regulation specifically said that the federation allowed the people to have the sex service. 
So those places having the sex service were not called brothel, or even couldn’t be called joyhouse this no taste, because of the nation complex, it also couldn’t be hung “blue mansion” this ancient sign on. In the East Forest Region, this kind of place was called recreation center, it’s the favorite place which uncle Fengyu liked to go, and in Upper Forest this kind of rich and populous place, it would be called the club. 
The first snow been melt Coastal state, seemed to be extraordinary clean and clear. A taxi stopped in a quiet street of the Coastal state. 
The Stars Club compared with those not open to the external private clubs, surely was not quite amazing, but in the field of the public clubs, it’s no doubt the highest level place of the whole Coastal state. Two young student look people, in the morning about eight o’clock, walked into the Stars Club.
The front desk miss responsible for the reception was too surprised, thought in her mind that the present young men are really terrific, she even didn’t brush the teeth yet, there were the customers coming incredibly. She felt somewhat strange in her mind, whether these two young men came to the wrong place? 
Charlie Tai was calmly and very interested to glance at the decoration and arrangement of the club, he felt relatively satisfied with the taste of this club, especially the rocker and the fountain on the middle of the hall was designed very elegant, there was also no any odor in the air, seemed a bit pure and fresh.
“No introduction, bring the package list to let me take a look.” Sheilor walked to the front desk, had a smile to that beautiful miss, spoke very expertly.
The miss was distracted a bit, and then piled up the professional smile on her face, said with the tender and tempting voice, “Yes, sir.” but she had a few disdain in her heart, this young actually is already the frequent customer, this is what kind of depravity.
Of course Sheilor didn’t know the other party would how despise him, he was just bored to look over the list which they absolutely wouldn’t take out in the normal situation, not a surprise to find out that the consumption level of the Capital Planer Circle was really much more expensive than in East Forest that place. He took a look at the sitting on the sofa to repose Charlie Tai, couldn’t help to laugh, the thought in his mind that this guy could be really calm.
“This one.” Sheilor pointed to a line on the list, and then lowered his voice to say sincerely, “my friend is still… that, please find him one gentle and experienced, in addition, prepare some foods in the room.”
Sheilor worried very much, the boy of the Tai family was in insomnia all the year round, his body was so weak, it’s the first time he was going to do this kind of thing, whether he would toss and turn, and don’t know stop, made himself to fell into coma again, so he added this requirement very carefully.


Chapter 23
The Adult Ceremony (3)

The receptionist of the Stars Club understood what Sheilor meant immediately, she smiled slightly. Worked in this kind of place for a long time, what strange thing she hadn’t seen, but find a woman for his schoolmate to lose the virginity, and chose the most expensive club in the Coastal state, she rarely saw it happened. Once she thought of this, this miss immediately perceived that the other party should have some economic strength, so she said, “please rest assured, I will arrange a lead girl for your friend, but the price will be a bit more expensive.”
Sheilor thought that Charlie Tai that boy, didn’t know how much money he had in his family, of course he wouldn’t care for this, so he just nodded his head. The receptionist began to whisper in the communicator to have some arrangements, sheilor had the sharp ears, he seemed to hear a burst of laughter came from the other side of the communicator, and then it’s the lowered exclamation.
“I always thought that it’s so early, they shouldn’t start to work yet.” Sheilor lived in the orphans group from a child, originally is the unprivileged people, to these engaged in sex service women, he didn’t have any contempt thought. He said to the receptionist with a smile, “didn’t think of that there are still the lead girl here right now.”
The receptionist saw Sheilor that sincere smile, and saw the very expertly performance of the other party, the more she felt that this young man was not only depravity but also hypocrisy, she covered her mouth and had a smile, said, “the lead girls normally have already gone back home, but you have the good luck today, the most popular that lead girl is just still right here, and when she heard that your friend is a little beginner, she asked for the assignment initiatively.”
Sheilor “ah” made a sound, somewhat headache to scratch his head, thought whether Charlie Tai could take it or not a moment later? But then he thought of those vicious comments which Charlie Tai once had on him, he had a smile, thought that Charlie Tai broke his record a moment later, it shouldn’t be a bad idea.
“What do you want to arrange for yourself?” the receptionist asked.
“I don’t need any.” since walked into the club then pretended as an expert Sheilor, finally showed some embarrassment at this moment, he had a cough and said, “just get me a cup of tea, I will just wait for him right here.”
“Sure.” the receptionist was somewhat surprised that he would request like this, she lead them two people to the backyard of the club respectfully. All the way through the board pavement covered with the rare carpet, around two small yards studded with bamboo and shallow pool by the corridor, then came to the real place. 
The cup of tea had already been poured in numerous boiled water, Sheilor took out the cell phone and took a look at the time, it had already half an hour passed, that boy still didn’t come out yet incredibly, he couldn’t help to have the very strong frustrated emotion. He sat in the lounge which only had three sofas at this time, waiting for the defeat of Charlie Tai, but in the environment such like this, it’s impossible to say not nervous, so he drank the tea very fast, he had already been to the bathroom once.
Because it was still too early, the very huge club had not many guests at all, they these two students were the only customers. And those busied for a night ladies, all rested in their own rooms at this time, so the Stars Club was very quiet. After some time, Sheilor finally got used to this kind of feeling, in the quietness, couldn’t withstand the drowsiness stored up for some nights, leaned on the sofa and fell into sleep deeply.
Woke him from the sleep, were countless sparrows, those sparrows kept chirping in his ears, sounding nonstop, very annoying. He opened his eyes very difficultly, waved his hand to drive those sparrows away, but didn’t expect that his hand touch some satiny skin.
Sheilor got a fright, then he found out that more than ten girls came into the lounge didn’t know since when, these girls were surrounding him and kept chirping and talking nonstop, even some bold girls sat by his side, got very close to him, and were looking at his face. Just now he waved his hand subconsciously after woke up, but touched the naked leg of one girl.
Sheilor sat up in a hurry, looked at these girls incredibly, found out that the girl touched by him didn’t have any angry look at all, instead narrowed her eyes and got closer to him, asked, “You are the schoolmate of that little genius?”
Sheilor just subconsciously thought that the identity of Charlie Tai as the rich childe was known by this ladies, but then he found out that it’s not what it happened. He also could care that much at this time, asked with a wry smile, “what’s happening? What time is it now?”
A sat on the sofa by the door in the slippers and pajamas girl had a yawn, said, “twelve o’clock.”
The club basically didn’t have any business in the morning, and since Sheilor didn’t want to stay in the hall to wait, so that receptionist arranged him to stay in the lounge where the girls waited in for the call, considered the sofas over there also would be a bit more comfort. Didn’t think of that Sheilor would have a sleep for three hours, until it’s time for those girls started to work and waited for the call.
What kind of people these ladies hadn’t seen in this lifetime, saw a not that old young man in the sofa, still would have some curiousness, so they surrounded over gesticulating and talking.
The scene at this time couldn’t be said raunchy, the execution of the club system was very strict, those ladies must started to work this early, but actually no customers would come this early. So they still just dressed in the comfortable pajamas, no any makeup on the face, most of them still had the slippers on the feet, looked like the normal household, but the gaunt and dusty taste in their eyes and brows exposed their real profession.
Even so, these girls were still could be called pretty, the pajamas couldn’t cover bodies were even more graceful. Sheilor just took a glance, then he felt that his eyes were shined blind, thought secretly that Shielding really was a expert in this field, the Stars Club he recommended really had countless beauties, just didn’t know how beautiful that staying with Charlie Tai together lead girl would be.
Thought of Charlie Tai, Sheilor had the “Ge deng” sound in his heart, he shouted terrible secretly, thought that whether the boy would leave first if he couldn’t find him? He had some sorry to ask that girl by his side, “Excuse me, can I ask when my that classmate left?”
“Call me sister Lulu.” that young lady just sat by his side, wearing a just wrapped the hip short skirt, one foot on the sofa, holding the thigh to apply the nail polish on the toenails.
Sheilor glanced over, just saw the snow-white thighs and the pressed flexible and tender breasts. The lounge was not that quiet as just now at this time, the charming sounds of those girls one fell and one rose, the air in the room also was full of the unique body smell of the female, mixed with those perfume, very charming, plus he found out that the naked legs of this lady by his side just he touch with hand earlier, he couldn’t help to feel that his fingers were somewhat slippery, he felt that his mind was in a mess.
He hurriedly pretended to move his eyes away naturally, asked sincerely in a low voice, “sister Lulu, when did my that classmate leave?”
That called Lulu girl looked up, had her eyes a curve, said with a smile, “Don’t worry, your that classmate didn’t leave you alone, he is still in the room.” this girl didn’t put on any makeup, a share of charming showed naturally in her eyes and brows, she held Sheilor’s arm with the smile on her face, said, “that little genius is very fierce, he added two more hours, I said why you just waiting over here? Why wouldn’t you take care of sister me?”
“That’s right, see whether you are also so fierce.”
Sheilor earlier moved his eyes away that moment, how could it escape the eyes of these seen so many people girls, they immediately knew that this boy student even not inexperienced, but he would also be very shy. The girls crowded over once again, made fun and enticed for a moment, took it as the pastime before starting work.
Feeling the soft tactility from the upper arms, Sherlor felt very panic in the heart, the seeing was really different from the touching, the girls around all crowded over, those legs and the white tender chests time to time swept past his eyes, Sheilor suddenly felt somewhat thirsty. 
But he still remembered the things over Charlie Tai there, he thought that it’s somewhat incredible, with these two more hours, this would be more than three hours, from the early morning to noon? That boy just knew about this thing, wouldn’t he… not knowing stop, exerted all his energy and died in the end? Just Sheilor couldn’t take care the losing virginity trip of Charlie Tai there at this time, he had to think of a way to deceive this immediate situation over. He said with the wry smile to that emitting endless charming girl by his side, “I think that I still should go out, you are about to start work, have to dress up, and change the clothes, it’s inconvenient for me to stay her.”
He stood up while he was talking, but was pulled down by that called Lulu girl unexpectedly, she got close to his ear and said in the low voice, “no need to be afraid, those goat would drink the wine at noon and wait for two o’clock, even they dare to come out to play, they would also wait until three o’clock, the time is still very long. Little brother, what do you go out for? Sisters will change the clothes soon, you just watch by the side.”
Shelor’s ear was blown by the warm air, the heart had a sway again, his body was all soft, how could he still walk, he said with a bitter face, “please give me a break.” suddenly he had an idea, he looked at those laughing disorderly girls around him, gave the suggestion, “since you don’t have anything else to do, or… let’s play poker?”
So, the highest level club of the Coastal state, had a very wonderful scene in the ladies lounge, a young boy student, began to play poker seriously with those ladies. That called Lulu girl kept lying prone half her body on Sheilor’s back, gave him the advice and suggestions. Because of the soft and tender on the shoulder and the fragrant wind in the ear, where Sheilor could find his usual calmness. Just in half an hour, he had already lost several games. Fortunately, everyone just played the poker for fun, so he didn’t lose too much money.
While chatting and playing poker to wait for Charlie Tai, Sheilor suddenly felt that it’s quite comfortable to spend an afternoon like this. In the chatting with these ladies, he also indirectly knew about some details of this industry, also knew that the hanging behind his back Lulu was just eighteen years old, not as old as him.
When they played cards to two o’clock, gradually, some ladies were called out to work, but Lulu still had been crouching on Sheilor’s back, shouted and wrangled to give the commands, pinched secretly on Sheilor that not eye-catching but particularly strong chest muscle occasionally, or rubbed on Sheilor’s shoulders with her tender breasts.
The door of the room opened, that receptionist reached her head in, saw the scene in the lounge, couldn’t help to put out her tongue, she didn’t expect that the lounge would be a sweetness and light scene like this, somewhat embarrassed to interrupt Sheilor’s thinking about the poker game, “your that companion is waiting in the hall for you.”


Chapter 24
Please Don’t Disturb My Joy
Sheilor took a look at the time, couldn’t help to have the incomparable admiration in his heart, had never thought of that Charlie Tai that boy still could stand up unexpectedly, he said sorry to the girls around, and then walked out of the lounge.
The only available for entertainment timid boy left, the atmosphere of the lounge turned back to that kind of lazy and dead atmosphere in former days. One lady made fun of Lulu, “your temper was too tough usually, have sinned against many guests, very not easy to like somebody today, but he didn’t like you at all.”
The pretty Lulu snorted, said, “I just like the honest students.”
The door opened by this time, a tired to the extreme girl came in, was displeased to say, “now the students are still honest? I have never seen a monster added five hours of the service in my this lifetime.”
The girl walking in was about twenty years old, her look was clean and pure, but couldn’t be said very beautiful, or even not as beautiful as some especially beautiful girls in the lounge, such as that pretty Lulu. The girl dressed in a black suit, the tight skirt just covered her knees, looked extremely like those office girl in the big company of the Coastal state, she didn’t have any prostitution look, but the nameplate on her chest showed her identity, especially at this time, the time to time outpouring exhaustion and the awaken spring in her eyes and brows, also revealed what she did earlier.
This girl walked in, the girls in the lounge all revealed the sincere smile on their faces, because she was the lead girl of the club, but she would never show the disgusted look to these ordinary ladies like the other lead girls. Lulu jumped up from the sofa, held the arm of that girl, asked excitedly, “sister Becky you came back? Oh my god, it’s almost six hours, that absolute beginner still could walk?”
Becky was very famous in the Stars Club, not because of her look, but for her tenderness and consideration, especially the skills on those aspects. But today when she heard the question of Lulu, some slight embarrassment revealed on her face rarely.
The girls in the lounge then found out at time, after all Becky was hardly bale to walk. Everybody couldn’t help frightened, all thought in the mind, whether that student beginner was a pervert, got Becky hurt? But then they immediately noticed the shyness and the awaken spring spread in the eyes and brows of Becky, they were just shocked to the extreme. Lulu felt incredibly to hold her to sit down on the sofa, asked in a hurry, “you shouldn’t be touched?” 
Of course Becky wouldn’t admit it, but she also had to admit that… today she did it on the spur of the moment to host that seventeen or eighteen emaciated boy student, except the crude movements at the very first beginning, in the end he showed the sincere tenderness and incredible skills, at some moments, she would wonder whether she would be ended up in the tender arms of the other party, no longer willing to wake up. 
“How could it be possible?’ Becky had a smile narrowly, wanted to kill all the inspiring hookup in these several hours, said, “that boy student is very inexperienced, he didn’t dare to do anything when he went inside, let me to dance for two hours continuously, almost didn’t make me dead tired.”
“Danced for two hour? And what else you did for the rest those hours?” Lulu exposed her lie relentlessly, said with a smile, “there is really such a fierce people, could let your heart moved?” 
Becky’s heart was slightly in a mess, she reached a finger up, concealed the shyness and the awaken spring in her brows with the pride, said, “don’t know he is the childe of which family, very generous, he gave me a ring in the end, of course I will remember his advantage a little bit.”
“Maybe it’s fake.”
“Could you have some good vision?” Becky looked at the ruby ring on her finger, although this style was a bit outdated, but this ruby was absolutely expensive. If she didn’t estimate the value of it wrong, at least it should be worth more than one hundred thousand dollars. Although she was the lead girl of the club, but she also never receive any gift or tips so expensive.
The girls love the handsome guys, but love the money more. That boy student could be so gentle, and was so generous, it’s a normal thing that Becky lost in love for a moment. Just she didn’t have the enough vision to find out, this very old style ruby ring, actually was far more expensive than what she thought.
“Then so what?’ Becky suddenly had a wry smile, “probably he still will come here for a few more times. When he gets tired of it, our life still will be the same as before.”
The atmosphere in the lounge was slightly depressing, but Lulu had the same smile, “originally we make money by this, why shall we feel bad for? Where to find a good man in this world? Either this kind of childe you met today, or that wooden man I met today, they are already the nice people… anyway, when I save enough money, of course I will not be still in this kind of place.” 
The topic returned to hosting the customers plan which they were most familiar with in life again, perhaps not long later, they would forget that strange student duo who came to the club in the early morning.
The room door was opened again, showed up the receptionist that slightly nervous face, “Kiki, boss Chow ordered you just now, but you were taken up by that student all the time, he is very angry by now, do you want to avoid him first?”
“I do things according to the system, how he can embarrass me?” Becky didn’t do any thing wrong, so she wasn’t afraid of that Coastal night club boss. But then she thought of that kept adding hours student, so she said nervously, “that… customer didn’t have any trouble?”
“I don’t know, boss Chow wouldn’t cause any trouble in the club, but… he seems to send some people to block those two students.”
“I’m sure that five and a half hours in these six hours, you were talking the life and the ideal with her.” in the bleak autumn wind, Sheilor and Charlie Tai walked on the quiet street of the Coastal city, Sheilor looked at the front, somewhat unwilling to judge it this way.
Charlie Tai had a smile, a kind of awareness and the slight exhaustion after the revelry appeared on the young face, he said in the low voice, “danced for two hours.”
He received all kinds of educations from a child, of course the thing about the man and the woman also was in there, today he just put all these theoretical knowledge into practice, especially once he really tasted what woman like, the powerful mind control, let Charlie Tai could enjoy all of those things meticulously and happily, unaware how long the time had already gone by.
“Actually I have more doubt about that you just played cards with those prostitutes for hours, but didn’t do anything else.” Charlie Tai said gently, “if this is true, then I have to doubt that you really have some problems in that aspect.”
The thing Sheilor couldn’t get used to the most, was Charlie Tai always could in a kind of particularly mature and reserved manner, talked with him in the steady speed, even if the words were very harsh. He scratched his head, said, “I told you that I just come here to accompany with you.” 
“Didn’t you have any interest?”
“Well… of course have a little bit, but you know, I have a girlfriend, if I am single, and you would like to treat, of course I will be very happy to do something.”
“I remember that you seem to be lovelorn.”
“Lovelorn? I haven’t confirmed it yet.”
“You are really an honest appearance, but false in the heart people.”
The dressed in the reverse dust coat, covered the face with the rain hat Charlie Tai was chatting with Sheilor, waiting for the taxi on the street. His that thin lips showed outside of the hat, matched with his that slightly pale cheeks, the lines of his face looked very distinct, the corners of his mouth suddenly warped up, had a few gentle meaning on it.
No matter what kind of education Charlie Tai had since childhood, what kind of shrewdness he had, after all he was a young man just became a man. For the first time making love in life, always would have the aftertaste for a moment, also in this kind of aftertaste, then he would understand the meaning why the ancestors would arrange this kind of adult ceremony. A man only reached the eighteen years old, then he could possess the preliminary control ability, then he could be allowed to contact those wonderful things, then he could really see whether he would be defeated by these wonderful but soul-biting things.
Charlie Tai knew that he was not a man could be knocked down by the woman’s charms, but this didn’t mean that he was unwilling to have the aftertaste of the previously wonderful moment. Thought of that earlier that woman teased him tenderly like a cat at the most beginning, but turned into a not admitted defeat little tiger in the midway, and turned back into a soft kitten in the end, his mood became happy.
The disturbing his joyful mood at this time, were a group of people came out from the club. Sheilor could tell those people were not good at the purpose in coming just by a glance, especially when he recognized those two people behind the crowd, he immediately pulled Charlie Tai behind his back subconsciously.
He thought that these people were coming to find him the troubles, and he always thought that Charlie Tai was a very poor little boy student with the frail body.
The boss of the night club Thirteen Chow took three seconds, then thought of who this very quick reaction and stared at him alertly young student was, couldn’t help to take a look at that strong figure man by his side, said, “originally, I just want to see which guy would be so fierce, let Becky to give up the hourly paid to accompany with, didn’t think of that it’s the man you are looking for.”
Heard Becky this somewhat familiar name, the lowered the head and covered his face with the rain hat Charlie Tai frowned slightly, the labial angles tightened a bit. Sheilor didn’t notice Charlie Tai’s reaction behind his back, just nervously stared at that tall guy in front of him. He had some regrets in his heart faintly, had never thought of that he would actually meet the people of the Chad family.  
That tall guy was exactly the partner of the Chad siblings, the fight mercilessly soldier Hook. Hook stared at Sheilor that honest face, said with a smile, “I knew that you have already hid in the university for months, but today your luck is not that good, it looks like that my that senior fellow apprentice is also not here.”
Sheilor could tell from this words, the other party might not let him go, he just breathed well slowly, “my classmate has nothing to do with this thing, could you let him go first?”
Hook didn’t care to wave his hand, stared at him like staring at the prey, “it’s not me who want to kill you. As for today to kill you, or to disable you, I need to make a phone call first.”
Chavis Chad went back to the Third Military Region, he left Hook to accompany with his younger sister. This pair brother and sister never forgot that somebody had ever slap them on the face in the Coastal state, opened fire to shoot their subordinate, and made them to leave infamously. For this kind of characters, such the deep shame, if they couldn’t see the blood, it’s never couldn’t be washed clean.
A moment later, Hook put down the phone in his hand, said, “you are lucky, Youzhi said, there will be some great business in the Coastal, so you don’t have to die, just need to break a leg.”
“The middle that one.”
The tone of his talking was very calm, but there was a share of chilling smell in this kind of calm. Sheilor narrowed his eyes, stared at the hands of the other party, and then helplessly found out that the other party carried the guns on their waists. Had the conflict with the soldiers, it really didn’t have a way to seek equal.
When Charlie Tai heard Youzhi that name, his eyes also narrowed, and shook his head.


Chapter 25
The Black Car

Sheilor knew that the other party was waiting for him to resist, no one will be willing to be a eunuch in this young age, saw that the other party showed him the military guns intently, his heart was full of anger, what the hell really happened to this world, why these having power and influence people, would dare to take the federal laws as the bubbles, what about that throughout the whole federation First Charter? wouldn’t these people not worry to be caught?  
At this moment, the angry and helpless Sheilor finally thought of the words what uncle Fengyu had said once, the First Charter ultimately plays its role under the framework of the human society, these big shots oppress the ordinary people, but the police station wouldn’t put it on the record and wouldn’t investigate at all, even the First Charter could accurately know who participated in these things, but what else it could do? The central computer only could passively work forever, this what the First Charter had already been set long ago.
The atmosphere of the field was somewhat depressed and somewhat nervous, Hook narrowed his eyes to look at Sheilor, he knew, how strong melee combat ability this looked very ordinary boy had. So, his hand had already put on the gun handle in his waist, if the other party really still dared to resist, then he would also have to open fire. With the status the Chad family had in the federation now, it’s not a difficult thing to iron out this thing, today also didn’t have the FBI to participate in it.
Just right at this simmering moment, the wearing dust coat Charlie Tai stepped back a couple steps, left Sheilor alone in front of those eye covetously people.
Hook didn’t intend to touch that guy, he also was not a person fighting for woman, if not that boss Chow insisted on chasing to come out for pleasing him, maybe he wouldn’t meet Sheilor and Charlie Tai two people at all. Like the siblings of the Chad family this class of people, although they would do things very bullying and scoundrel, but this kind of bullying still would be particular about the rules, they just didn’t want to let off Sheilor and Shielding. As long as other people not participated in, of course they wouldn’t care about it. Just in that instant, Hook suddenly felt that the wearing dust coat young man was somewhat strange, he very strangely turned over the dust coat. The wind blew up a corner of coat, it looked kind of familiar, somewhat like the uniform of the Fourth Military Region.
Hook smelled some of the uncomfortable flavor, didn’t want to waste the time any more, he took out the military pistol, said to Sheilor, “let me help you to start it.”
A black car drove from the distance, driving very fast like a ghost in the autumn, blew up countless yellow leaves, but didn’t make any noise. By the side of the street those confronting people, all their minds were put on the other party, no one noticed this at all.
In Sheilor’s eyes only had the gun in that guy’s hand on the opposite side, he narrowed his eyes badly, put that process which the other party pulled the gun from the waist to raised it up into one and one time segments. He pulled his right hand to the back, ready to guard Charlie Tai all behind his back, but didn’t think of that he would pull the air, he couldn’t help to have a laugh in his heart, this boy was really no personal loyalty.
In this kind of intense moment, he still could be so relaxing, that’s because earlier that moment Sheilor suddenly felt that he was really stupid, since this society was already unjust, then why he still felt angry for this kind of injustice? Just like those hardworking idealists, when the injustice arrived in front of him, except crushing it, what else there was a way out?
Sheilor stared at the hand which Hook was holding the gun, the eyes narrowed to became a seam, the soles of the feet had already left the brick surface of the sidewalk, the legs began to slightly tremble unknowingly in the trousers, that strand of familiar hot stream began to run through the whole body. didn’t know why, he had the endless confidence in his heart, he could knock down the other party, even the other party was holding the gun.
Hook lifted his holding the gun hand up a bit, it’s 45 degree angle with the ground, this was exactly the angle which the muscle couldn’t play its power the most.
A flicker of light flashed in Sheilor that narrowed eyes, his body had a twist, toe caps grasped the hard ground, he became a buffalo in the autumn wind, with the fastest speed, silently and horribly rushed over.
The three meters distance seemed very far, but in the sprint of Sheilor, it’s just a blink moment. Hook also was the good hand in the army, when Sheilor began to move, he also moved, the holding gun right hand was exactly like what Sheilor judged, couldn’t adjust the angle very quickly, but it still very intrepid to raise a bit, aimed at Sheilor’s abdomen.
At this moment, Sheilor had already rushed to the front of him with the strong breeze, but his finger also was ready to pull the trigger, in such a short distance, no one could dodge this shot.
Sheilor that operating fast brain also had the same judgment, he knew that he still underestimated the reaction speed of the professional soldier, this kind of assault didn’t reach the unexpected effect. He didn’t know whether he would die when he was shot on the abdomen, but that kind of strong sense of crisis, let his facial skin to become pale instantly, he put all the body strength to both arms.
His left hand was ready to take Hook’s right wrist, and then inclined his body to the side with the help, with the strength of the waist and abdomen, hit broken the other party’s throat cartilage with the right fist. In this kind of situation, Sheilor couldn’t care about his own secret any more, killing people and violating the law this kind of thing. The middle finger of his right fist had already bulged up, the finger knuckles were white reddish, just exactly like a peanut.
The gunshot didn’t sound, Sheilor also didn’t take Hook’s wrist successfully, because the quiet afternoon street of the Coastal state sounded a bird whistle like crisp sound ahead of time.
Hook that holding gun hand became a fluffy of blood and flesh at this moment, Sheilor rushed to the front of him, didn’t catch anything, also couldn’t get the help to twist his body, the direction of the right got lower a bit, but the speed didn’t have any slower, hit on the chest of Hook ruthlessly.
The field had a very short time of shock and silence.
Sheilor hit Hook in one boxing, didn’t have time to think of what happened on earth earlier that moment. He turned his body around, grabbed Charlie Tai that dressed in reverse dust coat, ran to the side of the street, just saw that came like a ghost and parked silently over there black car.
He opened the car door, pushed Charlie Tai inside with the fastest speed, then he also followed to go in, shut the car door, reached his hand into the pocket and held the metal lighter which Shielding gave him, aimed it at the driver in the back of the head, shouted loudly, “drive, or I will kill you.” 
The driver very obediently started the car, pulled away from the scene with the fastest speed. Sheilor looked back to take a glace at the scene by the street through the window glass, conformed that those guys didn’t chase come over, then rested his heart a bit, he took a look at the driver with the sorry eyes, but didn’t dare to move the lighter away. He then noticed at this time, this driver had the all grey hair, he was an old man.
From the beginning of the conflict to now, the been keeping silence Charlie Tai, saw Sheilor aimed at the back of steward Ken’s head with the hand hiding in the pocket, couldn’t help to have a smile lightly, he appreciated the quick-wittedness and courage of this friend very much.
The autumn wind was still blowing on the street, blew the withered and yellow leaves on the ground, but couldn’t blow the pain and that on the ground shocking broken hand. Hook stared at that on the ground broken hand with the scattered eyes, intrepidly didn’t fall down on the ground, but subconsciously judged that the one who opened the shot was a sniper, and the strongest soldier that kind. He then realized, perhaps he ran into some not to be taunted people today, but at this time, he just thought to the West Forest that direction, couldn’t think of at all, the real identity of that silent young man behind Sheilor’s back.
All the people were shocked at the scene, boss Chow that group of Coastal state local big shots, had the fear full of the face to look at the broken hand on the ground, couldn’t say a word for a long time. They these living in the darkness characters all saw the guns before, but just never saw this kind of situation. 
Up until now, Hook then felt the pain came from the chest, thought of that he was hit a box by that called Sheilor boy, and then this share of pain began to spread out, he still couldn’t withstand it with his strong mind, it’s even more horrible than the pain came from the broken hand place. Because this kind of pain was the tearing pain, began to extend on his chest just like a spider web, didn’t know how many bones began to have the cracks, began to about break.
Hook felt the dark in his eyes, passed out on the ground directly, hit out a boom noise. And then, seven all black cars came around, surrounded this group of people. Boss Chow was astonished to look at the licenses of these cars, completely lost any resistance courage.
The black car turned around a street corner, through the rear window, Sheilor couldn’t see what was happening in front of the Stars Club any more, he also didn’t see earlier that shocking scene. At this time he had already calmed down, very easily to tell, before he hit that box. Somebody had already shot first, hit the hand holding the gun off Hook. Unless his thought also could hurt people, otherwise there was no other explanation.
“The bodyguards of my family.” Charlie Tai didn’t wait until he asked, said quietly. This words was true, sneaked out from the villa to go looking for the prostitution, for the successor of the Tai family, it’s really not a what brilliance history, he just needed to avoid the nagging of the steward and the report time to his mother, and those twelve Secret Service agents sent by the president. He was not a man without the sense of propriety, not long after he entered the club, he had already noticed steward Ken, the people opened the shot earlier, and the seven cars showed up later, were all the private bodyguards of the Tai family.
Charlie Tai quietly looked at the sitting on the driver seat silent steward Ken, suddenly floated a flicker of smile on the corners of the mouth, his mother always said that the family wouldn’t particularly send the people out to protect his safe, today it seemed, also just the saying.
 “The bodyguards of your family?” Sheilor repeated his words subconsciously, then he found out that he seemed to still underestimate the family property of this Tai boy. In the federation this kind of control the firearms so strictly society, besides the siblings of the Chad family this kind of children came out from the military background, there were not many could hire the bodyguards who dared to open fire in the street, said it more accurately, in the federation, the security companies which could have the gun licenses originally all had the government background, not that you have money then you could hire them.
“I thought that you wouldn’t care about the things of my family.” Charlie Tai said with a smile, “I will explain to you later, but please take down the lighter first, the driver is uncle Ken, my personal butler.”
The on the driver seat steward Ken had a smile, didn’t say hello to Sheilor. Sheilor was somewhat stiffly to take back the lighter, turned his body around, surprised to look at Charlie Tai, seemed that he wanted to tell this extremely frail rich boy, actually what kind of identity he had.


Chapter 26
The Sun

“Don’t look any more, I don’t have a flower on my face.” the federation had the saying, the meaning probably is, the friendship between men, only the schoolmates, the comrades-in-arms, and the go whoring together are the firmest. Because this represented that they understood each other those most secret things, such body shape, the length of the thing, and the likes and dislikes. If they could possess all these three kinds of relationships, it’s impossible for these two men didn’t have the firm relationship. Charlie Tai stayed together with Sheilor in those days, should be counted as classmates. Although today didn’t enter the water together, but about the first time details of each other, they knew not just a few. Perhaps because of these reasons, Charlie Tai seemed to be more relaxed that before in front of Sheilor, those slight alienation and cautiousness in his eyes and brows also were much less.
Contra the mood Charlie Tai having at this time, Sheilor was some heavy in his heart instead, found out that his friend seemed to be very influential socially, some people might be happy secretly for finding a shortcut to success, but some people also might felt disappointed slightly, because after all they were not the people in the same world, how long they could get along with.
“I just have some worry.” Sheilor said, “Perhaps the background of your family is very powerful, but do you know who those guys I have sinned against? I heard the father of that couple brother and sister is the boss of the Ministry of National Defense, today drag you in this matter, and your bodyguard even wounded a active duty soldier, I think that this thing would be somewhat hard to deal with.”
Charlie had a smile, didn’t answer this question, said, “I’m in a good mood today, don’t be disturbed by these accidents. Anyway, in the last few days, ate your night snacks, talked with you, my insomnia problem has already gotten much better. But still was not sleeping so comfortable as today, I have slept for two whole hours, didn’t even have a dream.”
Sheilor heard these words, his mood eased down a little bit. Wanted to say, after all in those six hours, danced for two hours, slept for two hours, you are still a normal person. But thought of that the personal steward of the other party was also in the car, so he changed the words, “drink the coffee a bit less, think about the things a bit less, that would be much better than doing anything else.”
“But I still need to think about some things anyhow.” said Charlie Tai.
The black car stopped at that quiet backdoor of the Pear Garden university, after Sheilor got off, then it drove to the deep of the campus in the autumn wind. 
Sheilor looked blankly at the shadow of that without any mark black car, suddenly thought of, that early morning months ago, exactly this black car drove into the Pear Garden university like a ghost, and almost hit Charming.
Drove into a not eye-catching woods, the black car passed the check by the hidden in the dark Secret Service agents, entered into the front yard of the villa. Charlie Tai didn’t get off the car, just sat on the backseat quietly, silenced for a long time, opened his mouth and said, “make a phone call to Chavis Chad.”
Steward Ken dialed some numbers on the car telephone, connected the switchboard of the Third Military Region, said some words in the low voice, listened for a moment, then handed the phone to the sitting on the backseat Charlie Tai.
Charlie Tai listened to the surprised voice of Chavis Chad on the other side of the phone, a flicker of taunt sarcastic smile floated on the corners of the mouth, said slowly after a moment, “the federation is a government by law society, whether you brother and sister should restrain yourselves a bit when handling some affairs.” 
The surprise on the other side of the phone became the nervous silence, seemed to be trying to judge where he did wrong, what happened in the Coastal state.
Charlie Tai didn’t give any time to the other party to find out the truth and explain, he said calmly, “I still will study in the Coastal state for half an year, you don’t come to the Coastal state in this half year. What’s more, tell Youzhi, I’m a person who will keep old friendships in mind very much, don’t use your those feats of strength, kill all the old friendships.”
“That guy called Hook, don’t let him to show up in front of me in the future.”
After finished this sentence, Charlie Tai hung up the phone directly, then put the hands to rest behind the head, began to stare blankly.
The arose by accident adult ceremony, let him feel very cheerful, this kind of small storm was unlikely to let his calm and tough heart to have any tremble. But earlier when he heard that named Chow rascal chief said Becky this name to that soldier on the street, he still felt very unhappy. He had the aftertaste carefully about this kind of probably called possessive and jealous emotion, more and more felt that the ancestors in those years, really could master the psychological activity process of a young man.
“Master, I must report this thing to madam.” steward Ken reported in a low voice.
Charlie Tai closed his eyes and nodded his head, felt some tired, the tiredness also let his delightedness to surge up, he said with a smile, “the adult ceremony is over. My mother wouldn’t blame anything, and it’s also impossible to change this fact. The man don’t have the hymen, of course can’t make another one again.”
Heard the rare vulgar words by his master, steward Ken frowned slightly, thought that named Sheilor student, seemed really let his master to be infected with a lot of negative behaviors. But also at the same time, he could tell that the mood of his master was unusually good today, he hesitated for a moment and said, “the adult ceremony today doesn’t fit the rules of the family.”
Charlie Tai opened his eyes, had the faint smile on his face and said, “where it doesn’t fit? Any female in any dancing party in eighteen years old that year, the rule of tens of thousand years is not like this?”
From the time of the beginning, the heir of the Tai family in this generation never thought of to play love this stuff, he knew it very clearly, the rule of the ceremony of the family just wanted to tell the descendants, love was a kind of thing could be played with-- since it was so, why he still would go to play with those believe in love girls, rather… just go whoring directly. 
“There is no dancing party.” the steward Ken was seriously and callously to retort.
“I let that girl to dance for two hours in front of me.” the proud of the young temperament was hidden in Charlie Tai’s smile, “nobody else stipulate how many people dancing would be counted as a dancing party, two people… also could be counted as one party.”
In the surrounded by big trees staff office building of the Third Military Region, because of the family relations, the promoted continuous popular second major Chavis Chad, was trapped in a kind of out of mind mood at this time. He didn’t know, that hung up the phone earlier young man, was having the good to make some jokes at this time, he just felt that he had the chill all over his body.  
Many years ago, he had already known that classmate of his sister, but he didn’t think of at that time, that guy would be so deeply to influence his future. Although the Tai family never expressed the appreciation to his father, but as long as the people knew about the relationship between the prince and his family, they would always intentionally or unintentionally help his father to ward off the front thorns on the political path.
Originally the Chad family had already had some foundations, but these years could have so many fear on that level, they brother and sister two people could be so overbearing in this society, what on earth they relied on? His father Young Chad could be the supervisor of a department in the Ministry of National Defense, became the real boss in the eyes of the people, what’s the reason for that?
The sun never needs to speak, the grasslands and the creatures on the ground have already confirmed its mightiness. For major Chad, that had long time not meeting “friend”, or that never got in touch with family, also the same as that. But today this phone call, and the words in the phone said in that voice, cooled Chavis Chad’s heart like a snow storm.
He thought nervously, what on earth his sister and he did, would make the other party so unhappy, his sister and Hook were at the university town of the Coastal state, could it be said that his sister that fiery temper annoyed the other party? but why the other party would point out especially that he didn’t want to see Hook any more in the last sentence? Heard his sister said, that side just gave her a phone call, even didn’t meet her in person, where to start about this thing that they sinned against the other party?
Didn’t know what on earth they did wrong, then it’s no way to make up anything. Major Chavis Chad had had already fallen into a kind of extremely anxious mood, this kid of mood lasted until the day after he saw the sent back home Hook, then it turned into the wrath.
One of Hook’s hand was broken, the even more horrific thing was, he was broken more than ten rib bones, the broken bone spurs stabbed into his lung lobes, so he kept coughing out the blood. Even the military hospital didn’t have any way to fix this problem, they must had the operation immediately, then they could save his life.
Before the operation, Chavis Chad had already known the details of yesterday’s clash, he looked at the in the hospital bed Hook with the gloomy face, forcibly restrained his fury and roared in the low voice, “I don’t care that what called Sheilor! I just ask you one words, have you fucked that named Becky prostitute? Have you or not?”
Hook coughed for a long while, then spoke out two words completely, “have not.”
Chavis Chad heard this answer, then he felt a little bit ease in the heart, had to admit it, his analysis didn’t have anything wrong about the mentality of the man. He looked at Hook with the gloomy face, said, “your luck is not that bad, otherwise, perhaps we won’t see each other in this life any more.”
It’s the first time Hook saw that Chavis Chad would forget himself so much, faintly, he also could guess the real identity of yesterday that had been silent young man, besides the shock, he also thought of another thing, “Angus Chow… he was also at the scene yesterday, ask the prince to do him… a favor, give him a way out?”
Those Coastal local people were the partners in Chavis Chad’s plan, but after he heard this words, the calm seemed extremely indifferent, he said lightly, “I can’t go into the Coastal state now, why do we need to care the life of that kind of people? If said that they are dead, could let him feel better, I will bring a platoon of soldiers to do this thing.”
The operating the largest several nightclubs in the Coastal state boss Chow had not died yet, after he witnessed the shooting event the same day afternoon, then he was brought to the police station by those unknown the specific identity people. In the fear him, at the same night, knew the bad news that those several nightclubs under his company had the casual inspection at the same time. It was said that this action was launched together by the police headquarters of the Coastal state and the drug control department of the customs, they successfully searched out the new-type drug Sky Blue in those several nightclubs.
Charlie Tai didn’t know about this thing, with the position of the Tai family, he wouldn’t put too much energy on a shabby underworld society of the Coastal state. In those several specially serve the master groups lead by the steward Ken, there were some people to handle this kind of things especially. Even just a peripheral staff of the Tai family, could handle this thing very easily. So steward Ken also didn’t know about the specific process, he just instructed those staffs needed to handle the affairs according with the law.
Steward Ken came to the Stars Club that evening in person, ready to visit the girl who made the young man to accomplish the adult ceremony. But at this time, that caused the big change in the Coastal state with Sheilor together party, the lead girl of the club Becky, still didn’t know what happened.


Chapter 27
The Eve

Although somewhat worried about that young, gentle and wealthy… bad to the bone young customer, but Becky didn’t know whether that boss Chow let off him. Because when they knew about the shooting in front of the club, the police had already arrived. After the shooting, the Stars Club just closed down for three hours, and then reopened for the business, had to say, the behind-the-scene boss was a very powerful role in the Coastal state.
Becky frowned slightly, thought of that boy student watched her dancing two hours, and then tossed her about losing her head like a little girl, thought of the face of the other party slept sweetly in her arms in the end, she couldn’t fell some uneasy in the heart. But she was just a woman making a living at the bottom of the society, besides to inquire around, she also couldn’t have the intention to help the other party. 
She was not used to stay in her exclusive room, although that was the proprietary treatment for them these courtesans, but she still felt that it’s a bit too deserted over there. Just in the lounge where Sheilor played cards for the whole after afternoon, all the people felt that there was some strange tonight, something happened at the afternoon, it’s not surprise that the business would be slow a lot at the night, but it’s almost eight o’clock, why still no customer ordered Becky?
“Kiki, please come to the general manager’s office.”
A gentle voice came from the communicator, it sounded like the voice of the boss. The girls in the lounge all got nervous, took a look at Becky. Becky had a wry smile, also didn’t know what happened, she went straight to the third floor.
On the third floor the boss’s exclusive office, Becky only came here once when she signed the contract. Tonight when she came in here, she saw a grey hair old man in a glance. The normally incomparably cold boss, was pouring the tea for that old man incomparably respectfully at this moment. Becky distracted for a moment, thought whether he wanted her to serve this old big shot?
Steward Ken heard the sound of the footsteps and turned his head around, looked at Becky carefully from head to toe like looking up and down a work of art. Didn’t know when, the boss of the club left quietly, this room just only Becky and steward Ken two people were in. Becky had already been in the joy place for a long time, and also seen so many men. But when she faced the eyes of this old man, couldn’t help to be nervous, felt that in the calm eyes of the other party, she was kind of naked the whole body, just like a new born baby.
After a long time, steward Ken nodded his head with satisfaction, asked mildly, “how long you have been in this business?”
“A year and a half.” don’t know why, Becky answered the question nervously.
“I have already read your medical report, you are a very careful girl.” steward Ken had a smile slightly, said, “don’t be nervous, I just come to see you. Do you remember that young man this morning?”
“Yes.” Becky became more nervous.
“He is the young master of our family.” steward Ken took out an envelop from the pocket of the dress, told her, “so from today on, you can’t be in this business any more. There is the address in the envelop, it’s your house from now on. There is also a check in there, it’s the thanks from our family.”
Becky somewhat couldn’t understand what the meaning of this words, she looked at the old man blackly.
Steward Ken paused for a moment, and then said with a smile, “I hope you don’t get me wrong, we don’t want to control your life, you still can be freely in love. If it’s so, will you please return this key… if you are willing to stay in that house to wait for young master to come, the please live in that house.”
Steward Ken had his eyebrows frowned slightly, said, “but I hope that your choice could be careful and a bit longer. If you decide not to live in that house, please notice us in advance, I hope there will be no  any unpleasant thing happened.”
“Trust me.” steward Ken after finished this thing, looked at her and had a smile gently, said quietly, “you are the luckiest girl in the federation in these twenty years.”
The words were very gentle, but let Becky felt the endless pressure and nervousness, so that she even didn’t know when steward Ken left, and she also didn’t listen clear the last sentence which the other party said. She was somewhat frustrated to walk back to the lounge, looked at those sisters chirping asking her, then remembered to take a look at that envelop. 
What she first saw was the address on the envelop, she could tell from a glance that this address was the most expensive the rich garden area in the Coastal state, she could help to suck-back a cold breath. Opened the envelop, she saw a check. She began somewhat nervously to count the zeros behind that number, counted for a long time, until she felt that she must had the blurred vision. 
Each zero was like a happy little hammer, struck on Becky that had been numb heart, she held the key and the check with the trembling hands, thought of that virgin boy who she hosted in the early morning on the spur of the moment, felt the black in the eyes, then passed out happily.
All the problems were in the H1 area.
Sheilor held his lower jaw with his hands, leaned against the edge of the operating cabin of the black mecha, looked at the high ceiling over his head, thought like this in his heart. In these many days, besides Charlie Tai and himself, at least in the night, no other students had come in. this phenomenon had already caught his attention long ago, because even the highest level laboratory of the Pear Garden university, also shouldn’t be only Charlie Tai and himself had the access right.
It seemed that the H1 area was not an ordinary place, the named Tai boy of course was not an ordinary people.
Sheilor touched the nape where the chip implanted subconsciously, the general federal citizens had already taken the chip in the body as one of the organ, which would accompany with them the whole life, no any rejection, no any curiousness, or sometimes even didn’t think of it, let alone to touch it… he was not the same, what implanted in his nape was a disguise chip, and in the metal bracelet on his left wrist, there were many more chips.
Since in his body this disguise chip could let him enter H1 area this not ordinary place, at least it meant that the maker of the chip, uncle Fengyu, had some writing on this chip, then it could let the identification system to give the access right to this chip.
Sheilor felt somewhat headache to scratch his head, he didn’t have the coffee cup by his hand. The working procedure of the First Charter was full disclosure and transparent, the body chip couldn’t be written on, only could be identified in scales by the three layers of the monitoring network, given the different limits of authority. Sheilor didn’t know how uncle could do this, but then he thought of that he even could make the false one out, any violated the known common sense or law thing, perhaps in the eyes of uncle, it wouldn’t be anything at all.
Tonight Charlie Tai didn’t come to the H1 area, Sheilor waited for a long time, but didn’t hear that voice to sound in the talker. Perhaps the other party didn’t know how to answer his question? Sheilor frowned, somewhat helpless to laugh, he was really curious about the identity of the other party, but the more actually was still worry-- he always thought the boring conflict between the Chad siblings and him, dragged the emaciated Charlie Tai in, didn’t know whether would cause any troubles to the other party’s family.
After thought silently for a long time, Sheilor gave up the thinking about the chip on his nape and the H1 area, began to think of these friends he met in the Pear Garden university in this year.
Didn’t know why, he always had a kind of thought to make the mood down, just like before when he was with Charming together that kind. Maybe from today on, that like to eat the deep-fried dough pie rich childe would disappear from his life. He comforted himself, after all, they were not the people in the same world, once got along with together, it also shouldn’t be bad.
Had to say, the grew up in the remote and deserted East Forest Region from childhood Sheilor, still had some faint inferiority in his bones. Especially after he came to the Capital Planet Circle, those buildings, those equipments in the laboratory, those people and those things, all reminded him, actually he was still that bumpkin, even his practice course of the machine maintenance was better than the formal students. Even his those poorly few friends, all seemed to have some great background.
Just because of this kind of inferiority, would just let him to show the mighty and insistence in front of Charming instead, and those sharp wording completely not to his nature.
Once he thought of Charming, the lights in the H1 area seemed to get dark a lot in Sheilor’s eyes. He stared at those sending out soft white light ceiling lights listlessly, both hands assembled something quickly aside, didn’t even take a look at it.
His hands were assembling a set of antique simulation system, these things cost him one million dollars to order from the Nutshell Maneuvering company, thanks to the federation that incomparably unobstructed logistics channel, just in half a day, then this set of antique system had already come to his hands. The specification and structure drawings had already carved in his mind long ago, he would rely on the metal sense of touch came from the fingers, assemble those parts together quickly, seemed to not worry that he would make some mistakes.
One million dollars, he could buy a very good apartment in the Coastal state. Heard the “Dee, Dee, Dee” three long signals sounded, Sheilor knew that the assembly was successful, but he was just thinking of this sentence in his mind. This one million dollars was the money uncle left to him in the card of the Three Forest United Bank, originally he was ready to save it to buy an apartment in the future, for himself and Charming two people to live in. But now it seemed that the hostess of that apartment was abnormally strange to change her idea suddenly, so he was silently and angrily to order this set of system.
He was not those women, spent all the money in hand, couldn’t make his depressed mood a bit better. Put that soft like the skin, but heavier than the wrestler simulation system aside, he pulled open the backpack. He took out the electronic components which he had already prepared for months, silently began to have the assembly work of another tool.
Obviously Sheilor was much more careful this time, he pushed the metal bracelet gently, the slight light beam sent out, cast a very detailed and complicated structure drawing on the smooth inner side of the mecha. He stared at the structure drawing, carefully assembled in his hands those components, which he took apart from all kinds of the federal common tools, hid eyes didn’t even have a blink, very seriously.
Sheilor was in the bad mood, fifty percent was because of Charming, thirty percent was because of the thing happened today and Charlie Tai, the rest of the twenty was because of his fear. He didn’t know what direction his future life would be lead to, he had been having the fire rising in his heart, but always couldn’t find the way to let it off.
Habit is a second nature, he seemed to be back to the operating room in the mine tunnel under the East Forest Region, lowered his head, silently concentrated in repair, repaired all the things he could repair. In that quiet and no one disturb microcosm, calmed down his own mood.
Time passed by in the process of he working dedicatedly, he didn’t know that it’s almost dawn, also didn’t know in the a wall away comprehensive gymnasium of the Pear Garden university, had already begun to prepare for the mecha performance in the following day, the come from those proud and confident officer students of the federal First Military Academy mecha performance.


Chapter 28
Accept The Fight Request?

In the light beam information stored in the metal bracelet, uncle Fengyu didn’t leave any shock the world designs, nothing beyond the through several generations designed super strong mecha M52, not even left the secret which could let Sheilor become the top mechanic engineer in one day. So Sheilor had to study from the most basic parts in the Pear Garden university, although he studied very hard, even very starved, in his judgment, at most half a year later, he could learn all what he wanted to learn.
But that structure drawing in the bracelet still let Sheilor felt happy for a long time, if he could assemble this tool successfully, the blue light would light up once again, then he would possess the stunning ability to shield the federal monitoring for half an hour once again. Sheilor knew what his ability was, also used to seek the self-recognition and those heavy sense of accomplishment from these aspects.
After a long time, Sheilor turned off the information screen output system on the metal bracelet, stayed in the H1 area for these many nights, he had already confirmed that there were no any monitoring equipments over here, then he would dare to make use of his this biggest secret. In the hand, on the cheap high energy plastic shell was arranged with thickly dotted chip sets and the activation device, it looked really far from the fine high-end. Sheilor checked on every metal line on it carefully, nodded his head with satisfaction.
The majority of the work had bee completed, perhaps not long later, in 
Sheilor’s hand this rough instrument would send out the blue light once again, then he could pass over that electronic fence freely once again, entered into those deserted wild animal protection zones, in the watch of the monitoring system, silently to conduct the cattle slaughter work.
The only problem was that several regulated components, Sheilor couldn’t find any way to obtain, about these things, those online black markets also couldn’t get his trust.
The almost whole night work, successfully consumed most of his energy, the strong tiredness swept over, let him didn’t have any energy to think about all the things about Charming, his head rested on the soft, but had the strong anti-deformation ability outer layer on the side of the mecha operating cabin, felt into sleep deeply.
Didn’t know how long it had been, a very strange noise woke him up from those colorful dreams, he rubbed on his eyes, felt somewhat strange, in the early morning, how come somebody would come to disturb his quiet, moreover the H1 area was always quiet. He looked at the place where the noise came from, Sheilor was frightened immediately, because he saw that on the wall behind the mecha platform, suddenly reached out two long mechanical arms, grabbed to him!
He ran to the outside of the operating cabin subconsciously, but when his feet had already stepped on the smooth surface of the mecha, then he suddenly thought of his that backpack, that cost him one million dollars antique simulation system, and that small blue light device which absolutely couldn’t let people see all still in the operating cabin. 
Not spent too much time to consider, he rushed back. But then he found out sadly, he misestimated the operating speed of those two long mechanical arms, when he looked back, he saw the big shadow covered the place of the operating cabin door, blocked all his vision!
The strong current sound, the crash sound of the assembled alloy components came from the mechanical arms. Sheilor looked at the front of him in incomparable shock, the originally empty surface of the operating cabin, was installed a translucent cabin door armor, and then he heard a strange electronic composition sound, “Pilot, please seated.”
The seat of the operating cabin automatically extended the fixing strap, tied Sheilor’s body on the seat firmly. He had already been out from the previous panic at this time, confirmed that he could break off the fixing strap at any time, then he calmed himself down, and listened to that electronic composition voice curiously.
“Fight training request, whether to accept?” the electronic composition voice sounded up.
Sheilor distracted for a moment, thought whether Charlie Tai had come back? Just today why he didn’t use the light screen to show the virtual scene, the mechanical arms even installed the translucent armor. Could it be said that this would be the true training? Once he thought of the possibility, he felt very excited suddenly, that share of flame which was restrained by him began to rise up.
Just felt the taste of the things about man and woman, but suffered the major setback in the emotion, the young fugitive Sheilor, was suppressed in the heart for a long time. Also waited for Charlie Tai in that Stars Club for hours, blown by those fragrance winds to almost drunk, but the fire in his heart didn’t have the channel to vent all the time. Even he was concentrated on the work for almost a whole, that still couldn’t quell all his emotion.
If the bodyguards of the Tai family didn’t help, his that box would kill Hook. Perhaps Sheilor had already calmed down a lot, but didn’t have that many perhaps, he just wanted to operate this huge alloy mecha to fight with anyone at this time. He thought for a moment, scratched his head, said to a place randomly, “that’s fine.”
Along with he said the agree, those like ribbons floating data wires and power wires behind the black mecha prototype, all retracted back to the thick wall, the platform control turned the mecha around slowly. 
Through the translucent shield of the mecha operating cabin, Sheilor stared at that divided into two pieces wall blankly. He then knew at this time, originally behind the H1 area, there was a all cast with alloy exit unexpectedly.
The door was opened, in the bright white light, in the extremely huge fight training room, a lonely blue and black mecha was waiting for him, no any audience, no any shout for joy. Although that blue and black mecha seemed very lonely, but it appeared a strands of horrible chill, and… that mecha coldly stretched out its alloy thumb, aimed it at the ground very arrogantly.
The comprehensive gymnasium of the Pear Garden university looked very common from the appearance, but the space inside was particularly huge, here was the place, which was hard to be seen in the whole university town, could conduct the mecha fight training. The university town belonged to the federal education system, seldom schools would involve in the military field, the Pear Garden university could possess a mecha training area such like this, it’s the thing many people couldn’t understand.
Today the comprehensive gymnasium seemed very lively, the virtual 3-D light screen outside of the gymnasium kept flashing the greeting to the visiting guests, and the process about this time the academy exchange activities, of course, the more was the introduction about the First Military Academy. The banner on the front gate of the comprehensive gymnasium had the such like welcome letters on, also didn’t know it’s whose idea, incredibly would come up with such a shabby way.
By this time, no Pear Garden university students still stopped to watch the introduction about the First Military Academy on the light screen, because as long as the federal citizens, presumably no one would don’t know the names of the three academies. Most of the students, including the professors and students of other colleges in the university town, had already seated well in the comprehensive gymnasium at this time, cheerfully got ready to watch the mecha performance of the First Military Academy delegation.
Three academies, were the three big military academies, under the joint management of the Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Education, it’s commissioned by the Federal President Security Panels. They were distributed in the three primary administrative regions of the Capital Planet Circle, and the oldest and the most vocal reputation, of course was the First Military Academy located on the suburban of the federal Capital District. In the savage age when developed the star river, in the blood and fire wars with the empire, the First Military Academy emerged in countless famous commanders and valiant generals. No matter in the military or in the federal society, it also had the sublime position.
Even if this military academy also had the high scores and low morality rogue officials such like Shielding this kind, the reputation still wouldn’t have any damaged.
Shielding looked at a quiet area in the comprehensive gymnasium, narrowed his eyes, the carrying loaded guns soldiers, were protecting those two covered with green dust cover mechas, just the bodies of those two mechas were too huge, nobody could tell what it was in a glance. 
The whole federation only had a bit more than four hundred mechas on the paper, not all the people would have the chance, to see personally this war machine which was called the most aesthetic feeling with art and violence. The students of the Pear Garden university, very admired and excited to look at those two covered from head to toe mechas. If not for fear of those holding guns soldiers, perhaps they would really go to touch it secretly.
The reason why Shielding stared at that side of course was not the same as these students, although he was not the student of the maneuvering major, but he had studied in the First Military Academy for four years, of course he also got in touch with the mecha before. He was just thinking, why the First Military Academy would choose to have the visiting before dancing party of the Bi-moons festival. 
Pear Garden university was really a very good university, but compared with the First Military Academy, it’s still really not up to that level. If said that the First Military Academy went to visit the Capital University, perhaps it would be easier for people to understand. Shielding narrowed his eyes, looked at those several somewhat familiar faces on the rostrum, looked at those dressed in the military academy uniform, had the awe-inspiring look young fellow apprentices, couldn’t help to laugh. Wondered if this time the mecha performance, was just to prove in front of the prince, the First Military Academy was far better than the Pear Garden university, then the expressions of these fellow apprentices were rather too smelly a bit.
The students of the First Military Academy originally had the born pride, they also had the qualification to be pride. Shielding took out a cigarette from the crumpled suit pocket and lit it up, somewhat absent-minded to think, several years ago, perhaps his own expression was more smelly than these kids.
Today the exchange visit activities, the First Military Academy very generous to employ the military cargo plane, transported three mechas from the Capital. At this time, two mechas still under the dust cover quietly, one of them had already entered into the fight training room, having some demonstration on the mecha operation aspects.
For the safety, the fight training room on a corner of the comprehensive gymnasium was the fully enclosed design, all the things happened inside, would be sent to the huge light screen, for all the students in the comprehensive gymnasium to watch.
Shielding looked up, looking at the light screen, that blue and black mecha was making the gorgeous avoidance movements, he warped up the corners of his mouth in slight mock, thought that the Pear Garden university didn’t have the maneuvering department at all, this stupid guy performed so coquettish, except to get the condemning, what else he could get? It’s impossible for the Pear Garden university to call a group of boy students to his you with the baseball bats.


Chapter 29
The Machine Language (1)

Didn’t know for what reason, from long time ago, started with the established all the basis in all the areas of the human society the Committee of Five, the human had the design for the mecha, all closed to the human body like habit is a second nature, and seldom had the ecological mecha, such as spider, such as snake… perhaps that kind of mecha was too ugly, didn’t accord with the aesthetics standard of the human soldiers, or perhaps because the scientists found out in the end, the more support points, would be bound to sacrifice the subjective initiative and the mobility when human was operating the mecha. All in all, along with the development and progress of the science, the appearance of the mecha was more and more like a human, only those impregnable armors and the power plant, let the mecha reveal the far horrible power than the human body.
The mecha operation also had its style, this was reflected from the countless details, such as the walk curved line when sliding, such as the necessary height when jumping, such as that glance when the mecha inclined its head to one side… well, with the words of a former treason mechanic from the Second Military Academy, the not formed the mecha operating style pilot, what’s the damn difference from driving a car?
On the light screen, that blue and black mecha exactly had the strong operating style, that was coquettish. In the just forty five seconds mecha operating drill process, the blue black mecha totally twisted the waist eight times, stamped the feet five times, in the middle mixed twice raised the mechanical arms to aim at the sky… had to say, this operating the mecha the student of the First Military Academy had the strong handling ability, even he added so many lustful little tricks, the whole set of the prescribed drill movements, still didn’t have any error, very perfectly passed through the level III test.
Shielding satred at the divided into two area display on the light screen, one was the true movement of the blue and black mecha, which was in the mecha fight training room. Another was level III mecha test picture showed by the 2-D image. Those little tricks of the blue and black mecha in his eyes, all became the real mockery and sarcasm. But he was not he people of the Pear Garden university, presumably the professors and the students of the Pear Garden university, also no one could really understand, that coquettish mecha was making a futile effort to demonstrate what kind of emotion.
He wondered at this time, that “prince” should be in which building in the campus, was watching this mecha performance specifically for him. After the organization learnt that the “prince” was in the Pear Garden university, when on earth they would take the action, what kind of action they would take? No matter they tried to get in touch with the other party, seek the support of the forces behind the other party; or carried out the consistent position of the anti-government army to kill this people, it… shouldn’t be today, today the security work of the Pear Garden university really could be called strict this word.
Just at this time, a girl student of the Pear Garden university by Shielding’s side was excited to talk to herself, “really beautiful… really worthily the top student of the First Military Academy, this mecha seems like alive.”
The boy student by this girl student’s side, originally was also so envy to these full of violent aesthetic feeling war machines, but when he heard this words, the expression was somewhat strange. The male animals could praise graciously the man, but they always hated the female by their side to have the praise to other male animal. 
Shielding had some sympathy in his heart, asked with a smile, “stretch oneself also could be called beautiful?”
The girl student of the Pear Garden university stared at this guy, said, “what nonsense you are saying? That is the operation passed the level III test, that explain the officer inside the mecha still has the energy to spare, extremely relaxed.”
Shielding shrugged his shoulders, didn’t argue with her for anything. But that boy student gathered to him, asked very seriously, “I always feel, there is something wrong with the attitude of that guy operating the mecha, feel that he is very arrogant, what do you see?” 
“The ancient navy had the semaphores, actually the mecha also has the machine language. After all, if in the fighting, swear the other party like a pirate in the talker, it seems no taste, and also would be easy to be found out by the monitoring instructor… so the maneuvering department of the First Military Academy always has this tradition, the curse tradition with the machine language.” Shielding thought of the campus life in those years, couldn’t help to laugh, “those twist waist and sway hips movements, are all the curse words in the First Military Academy, the last movement of stretching the waist, is even a very dirty words… I heard the tradition of the maneuvering department of the First Military Academy has already entered into the army, the maneuvering soldiers of the army all know this trick. Every time before the fight, they would swear the other party awfully happy.”
That boy student distracted for a moment, didn’t know whether what this dressed in the crumpled suit man said was true, his eyes turned a couple rounds, before he said anything, Shielding said with the calm face, “a lot of people understand this, I believe that those professors on the stage also know about it. What’s more, this arrogant stupid guy come to our school to perform the mecha, if it’s not coming here to slap on our faces, then what else it is?”  
The boy student suddenly was enlightened, understood it in his heart, he smiled with the profound meaning, patted on Shielding’s shoulder. Then he turned his head around with the serious face, reported what Shielding said to his those intimate classmates. At this moment, Shielding had already left the seat, as to why he would expose the machine language of the blue and black mecha, that would be the thing only himself knew. 
Actually the exchange students of the First Military Academy had already arrived the day before, but these students all had the officer identity, serious in speech and manner, the cold all over the face. In the eyes of the girl students of the Pear Garden university, these were the expression of handsome and mature. But in the eyes of the boy students, that would rather seem somewhat too proud and apathy.
The boy students of the university town all like the mecha, but no one like the people would be even more proud than himself. Besides, occasionally there were couple smiling guys in those exchange students, but those smiles were all to girl students, obviously didn’t have any kindness. So the boy students of the Pear Garden university, actually all had the anger in the hearts. At this time, when they heard the performing blue and black mecha, was insulting the teachers and students of the Pear Garden university with the they didn’t know machine language…
In the white shirts floating and full of youth hormones campus, basically nothing could be endured, moreover this kind of prick into the bones insult!
The angry mood spread out along with this rumor, within a few minutes, the thousands of people on the stand had the boiling signs. Suddenly a boy student scolded loudly something at the blue and black mecha on the huge light screen, just like a spark splashed in the frying-pan, immediately ignited the anger of all the boy students of the Pear Garden university, the countless bad language covered the explain sound from the controlled sound, throughout the whole comprehensive gymnasium.
“What the students said is true?” the president of the Pear Garden university Nolan, heard the voice came from all around, couldn’t help to frown slightly, asked the said behind him professor Chow. 
Professor Chow came from the army, of course wouldn’t be unfamiliar to this set of machine language which only the army rascals would use, his old face had already sunk down blackly, forcibly suppressed the anger in his heart, gave a stare at that dressed in army uniform middle-aged man by the side of the president, nodded his head.
The president Nolan had a breath gently, a flicker of smile came up on his face, but the fingers of the right hand began to knock on the desktop of the rostrum, exposed the true emotion in his heart. The other day he went to the Ministry of Education to have a meeting, somewhat stunned to find out, the ministry incredibly had already arranged the First Military Academy to come to the Pear Garden university, to have the visiting. He had already been in the education circle for more than twenty years, of course would guess at the first time what the First Military Academy wanted to do, besides the sneer, he also had to promise it. But he didn’t think of, those having the exaggerated opinion of their abilities student officers of the First Military Academy, incredibly dared to in front of thousands people, played their those petty tricks.
The sat by his side the dean professor Kent of the maneuvering department of the First Military Academy, wiped the cold sweat on his forehead, explained in a low voice, “this is just the misunderstanding.”
The rank of the First Military Academy was far higher than the Pear Garden university, this exchange activity, the First Military Academy was lead by professor Kent, his rank was exactly the same as the president Nolan. The First Military Academy had the arrangement such like this, already could be regarded as that they took this exchange activity very seriously. Originally he didn’t have any fear to the president Nolan, but once he thought of that the principal exhorted him to be cautious before he came to her, then he began to flow the cold sweat.
Especially he saw that damn blue and black mecha on the light screen, was still playing those machine language which he thought that no one knew, the mood of the professor Kent became more complicated. Surely, he also didn’t know why the principal would arrange this exchange display activity, he was also the same as those wasted the vacation student officers, all looked down on the Pear Garden university. But at this time the condemning in the comprehensive gymnasium blasted, still gave him the huge pressure.
The president Nolan suddenly smiled gently and said, “the students of the First Military Academy, all have some arrogance as expected, it looks like that they are not willing to come to visit the Coastal state, we these teachers, better not force the other party, do you agree?”
This sentence had the firm character behind the gentle appearance, professor Kent frowned slightly, the inherent proud emotion of the First Military Academy began to break out again, he said with the heave voice, “this is just a misunderstanding, after all this is not the fight practice, the mecha operation of student Anta always has some small places not rigorous enough, when he came down, I will educate him well.”
The president Nolan replied him the silence, ignored him, just listened to those thousands people’s bad language all over the comprehensive gymnasium, had a smile slightly, didn’t care a nut of it.
The bad language had already pointed from the blue and black mecha to the First Military Academy gradually, vicious to the extreme. On the rostrum, the faces of those came from the First Military Academy professors and outstanding student representatives, also became ugly gradually. 
The been standing behind professor Kent young officer, suddenly left the rostrum, came to the side of those two mechas, turned on the communicator, spoke to the totally-enclosed fight training room, “restrain yourself a bit! The students on the outside all know about the meaning of your those machine language, they have already made a lot of noise.”
In the operating cabin of the blue and black mecha, that had the curly hair student officer was yawning foolishly. This came from the First Military Academy excellent student named Anta, he was one of the most outstanding students of the maneuvering department, this time sacrificed the holiday, came to perform in this shabby place, originally his mood was extremely annoyed, always felt like that he had already become woman in the dancing club. When he heard the voice in the communicator, couldn’t react to it right away, still cursed to say, “what those stupid guys made the noise for?” 


Chapter 30
The Machine Language (2)

For Anta, the didn’t enter the complete state level III test, didn’t have any difficulty at all, the level clearance of the mecha, in that kind of relaxed and boring operation, was more and more like a performance, but the proud mecha operation of the First Military Academy… was used to fight the enemy and win in the battlefield, not used to dance for those idiots to watch.
So Anta’s mood was very bad, very angry, he subconsciously expressed his own emotion through the mecha movements. This was just totally his personal vent, but didn’t think of completely, this movement, to those students of the university town who interestedly came to watch the performance of the First Military Academy, was a kind of huge disrespect… because in his eyes, these not even touched the surface of mecha before folk students, at most were just some lover boy who would only know reading the maneuvering magazines, how could they understand machine language these things.
Heard the steady and cold voice came from the communicator, Anta scolded a bad language later, then he finally came back to himself. The one speaking was the petty officer Jade Chow, the most intrepid guy in the maneuvering department of the First Military Academy, also was his boss in private. He certainly wouldn’t have any doubt about the words of the other party, then he heard those zounds like the tidal waves came from the communicator, Anta foolishly didn’t know what to do next. On the huge light screen on the dome of the comprehensive gymnasium, that blue and black mecha stood in situ foolishly, didn’t report to the teachers that the performance was over, and also didn’t leave, this aroused the emotion more that the students scolded the other party severely. Because in their views, the stupid look of this blue and black mecha, really needed to be scolded on.
“Twist, you bitch twist again… twist break your waist, sell you to the empire to be a whore.”
“You, you are a Bermuda lady-boy!”
The faint light enveloped Anta’s face, he was stupefied to hear those kept renovated curses came from the communicator, he felt shocked greatly. What the First Military Academy cultivated were all the soldiers, even sometimes a words was not suited to their will, they also would have a fight. Since when he ever heard these many not repeated name-calling words? His face began to get flush, almost couldn’t control his about to burst emotion. When he heard the lady-boy this word in the end, finally couldn’t control it anymore, angrily pushed on the button of the main communicator. 
“A group of stupid bitches! Only know how to move your lips! Why the federation will keep you these trash? If you have the ability, go get a mecha to fight…”
The scold back sound of Anta, through the communicator, sounded up in the loudspeakers by the sides of the light screen in the comprehensive gymnasium, resounded through the whole broad space. Although the Pear Garden university and the First Military Academy, those responsible for controlling the mecha performance teachers in the central control room, responded in the first time, cut off the angry scold of this no brain guy, but also just cut off the “with me” these two words.
It suddenly fell into the dead silence in the comprehensive gymnasium of the Pear Garden university, countless eyes all stared at that totally-enclosed mecha fight training room, if the fight training room was not built by the super strong alloy, it’s afraid that it had already been melted down in the anger fire at this time. This was the home court of the Pear Garden university, but the came from the First Military Academy exchange student was so arrogant, who could still endure it? 
Although for the rage challenge of Anta, everybody knew that nobody could accept the challenge. But the students had their own logic to think about problems, they thought that the damn federal government put these hard to get mechas, all to the three big academies and the West Forest military school. They couldn’t even have the chance to touch it, you even dare to challenge us incredibly?
That was the same as, a having girlfriend guy challenged the bachelor the time length of sex… couldn’t make people to endure!
After the very briefly absolute silence, was the emotion big outbreak suddenly. Even earlier a lot of students still kept the respect to the First Military Academy, but at this time, all these respects didn’t know where they had already gone to. Moreover, originally the Pear Garden university was one of the George Colin doctrine most popular schools, in their eyes, the students of the three big academies were the running dogs of the federation, so they didn’t even have any good feeling to them.
“Fight, fight, fuck your mama…” this was the very simple and crude answer.
“Make a mecha… fuck? Hey, I just knew it today for the first time, that operating the mecha can also make love, whether your school always has this kind of tradition? I am just wondering, how you can make love in the mecha? Are you going to show it to us?” this was the very sarcastic ridicule answer.
“But the problem is, I heard that there are only boy students in the maneuvering department of the First Military Academy.” this was somebody kick the fuss even more virulent. 
“The same sex mecha make love show? This is too fucking rare.”
The students of the university town were not good in fighting, but to speak sarcastically or ironically, not those born soldiers of the First Military Academy could fight back. The fallen into the crazy state Anta, was suppressed to whole face flushed. He totally forgot that there was no maneuvering department in the Pear Garden university, and even didn’t have mecha this thing, stubbornly pushed on a green button of the system, issued the fight request to any mecha in the Pear Garden university. 
After done all of these, Anta was foolishly to wait for somebody to accept the challenge, but didn’t have any response for a long time. He proudly entered an instruction, the blue and black mecha reached out a big thumb, pointed to the sky.
He had a curse delightedly, “a group of little kids. Scold so happily, how come no one dare to come out?”
The main communication system had already been shut off, the words he said, of course, those watching the fight training room through the light screen students didn’t know, but thousands of people noticed that movement of the mecha at the same time, that held up, pointed to the sky thumb.
The kept paying attention to the movement inside of the fight training room Jade Chow, had a wry smile. He thought, every time when Anta got crazy, even he also couldn’t hold him back, perhaps this guy was still proud of himself that nobody dared to challenge him in the Pear Garden university, but he just simply forgot that the Pear Garden university didn’t have the mecha at all. 
Looked at that held up metal thumb, the condemning in the comprehensive gymnasium quieted down gradually, this was not what machine language, this was clearly a gesture.
The students of the Pear Garden university wouldn’t be so childish, thought that stupid guy of the First Military Academy would repent in the condemning of they these people, thus held his thumb up to praise them. They knew for sure that there might something happened at the back, so they were scrambling to find the suitable things under their seats in a hurry.
Just as expected, on the light screen, that looked elatedly, needed to be beat up badly blue and black mecha, had its breath changed suddenly, appeared extremely proud and cold, slowly turned the right mechanic arm upside down, the thumb now pointed to the ground.
This was also not the machine language, but the very clear gesture, the gesture represented the contempt and defiance. After a moment of quiet, the people in the comprehensive gymnasium made a huge noise. Countless shoes flight to the light screen, and the built in the underground mecha fight training room. The boy students of one class, suddenly found the baseball bats behind the seats, immediately made them as the grenade launcher, threw them down crazily.
At that moment, the bats like the rains, fell on the all made by the metal fight training room, the “Ding Ding Dang Dang” sounds like the raindrops fell on the lotus leaved, very clear and moving.
However, on the light screen, that blue and black mecha still pointed the thumb to the ground proudly and chillily, just like kept slapping on the faces of the Pear Garden university students.
Just at this moment, the angry sound suddenly seemed to get low down in the comprehensive gymnasium, the countless shocked cries and overjoyed screams were getting more. Those on the rostrum all felt very ashamed professors of these two universities, surprised to look to the light screen. Outside of the fight training room, those officers of the First Military Academy were also puzzled to look at the light screen.
On the light screen, the deepest alloy wall of the fight training room suddenly pulled open slowly, a looked very cumbersome black mecha, showed its body out slowly!
Along with the appearance of this black mecha, all the murmurings and all the curse sounds all stopped, it’s the dead silence in the comprehensive gymnasium, especially those students of the Pear Garden university, incredibly looked at that mecha, didn’t know whether they had the blurred vision.
The professor Kent of the First Military Academy took a look at the president Nolan by his side, he even didn’t know that the Pear Garden university had the mecha. The president Nolan narrowed his eyes slightly at first, a moment later, he had a smile, seemed that he had already known all the things. In the eyes of all the people on the rostrum, this smile rather seemed somewhat too profound to be understood.
On the light screen, when it saw the blue and black mecha pointing the thumb to the ground, that black mecha seemed to be distracted for a moment, then it pointed at that blue and black mecha… its middle finger.
This was also not the machine language, this was the universal gesture in the both the federation and the empire, all the people, even the three years old kid, would understand.
The applauses were like thunder in the comprehensive gymnasium, all the students of the Pear Garden university felt very glad. Although some know the business students could tell, this showed up wonderfully black mecha was only the M series prototype, impossible to be the opponent of the other party, but it could show its middle finger to the other party, they should be glad enough.
Inside of the black mecha, Sheilor didn’t know that thousands of people were watching his every move through the light screen. He just woke up, accepted the request for fighting by the other party, and then he saw the gesture of that mecha behind the door.
Sitting inside of that mecha was not Charlie Tai, probably should be the exchange student of the First Military Academy, coming here to have some trainings. Sheilor drew this conclusion very simply, and then replied the other party’s insult gesture more simply with the middle finger. 
Because this few days he was in the very bad mood.
Sheilor thought that this was just a closed fighting space, no audience. So he acted very naturally, sent the start instruction to the other party through the communicator.
This was the first actual combat drill since he began to manipulate the mecha. He thought in his mind, with the level that he just could last more than ten seconds on the level VI, certainly he was impossible to be the opponent of these genius of the military academy, he just wished that he could fight a bit more happily, it didn’t matter that he would have some pains.
Te black seemed very awkward, but in fact, the route it went forward was the most standard straight line, didn’t have the slightest shift. Further more, the mood of Sheilor was not very good at this time, the operation of the mecha had a bit heroic without any reason.
Twenty meters distance, reached in an instant, the extremely swift and fierce kick by the black mecha, had already stamped the mecha on the root of mechanical leg!
The blue and black mecha fell down face upwards incredibly, hit on the alloy ground, gave out the loud noise.
In the black mecha Sheilor inconceivably looked at the display on the light screen, thought that how come the other party would just fall down like this? Although he was very satisfied with the speed and accuracy of his this angry kick, also proved that the hidden in the mechanical leg balance inductance gauge, once was hit by the angle 42 degree strong strike, would caused the balance control system to have the temporary dysfunction… but, why this blue and black mecha wouldn’t resist? Sheilor scratched his head, couldn’t believe that he this rookie could knock down the top student of the First Military Academy, could it be said that the other party… was the rookie of the rookies?”


Chapter 31
The Confident The Strong

To the excellent officer student Anta, the Pear Garden university trip in Constitute Calendar year sixty six, was the couldn’t be wiped off stain at the beginning of his professional soldier career, this stain also accompanied with his whole life, every now and then would be mentioned by some people. Because later on, the people of the federation all knew, at that time, that Sheilor inside of the black mecha on the opposite side of him, was a just participating in the actual combat drill for the first time rookie.
At that time, Anta manipulated the blue and black mecha, also pointed the thumb to the ground in the watch of thousands of people, proudly and disguised coldly to look back the thousands of eyes secluded by wall of the fight training room. He even hoped, the Pear Garden university those only knew name-calling students, the angrier the better. Because the other party not dared to come to fight anyway, then they only had the qualification to be despised by him.
At this time, the main communicator was shut off because he abused each other, he didn’t know that outside of the fight training room, the countless people had already been quiet and silent at this time. So when he heard the mecha internal system synthesis voice, said the fight request had been accepted, he was in a daze for a moment, then he thought of to look at the third view screen. He saw a black mecha, also saw the middle finger which that black mecha raised up. So Anta began to get angry and crazy habitually, was ready to give a more antipersonnel gesture with the heavy mechanical arm of the mecha, but… he found that the other party had already rushed to come over. 
Anta’s blue and black mecha didn’t have any reaction at all, because any mecha combat practice he had experienced, both sides would always have some exchanges first habitually. If the relationship was not that good, they also might express the kind greetings to the other party’s family with the machine language. But never anybody, would be like a shrew, come up to clench the other party and fight.
But that black mecha would do it just like that, and didn’t it very thoroughly, silently and heroically rushed at him, in the situation Anta had no any response, a foot stamped the blue and black mecha on the mechanical leg root viciously.
“Sneak attack! The shameless sneak attack!” Anta shouted abuse in the operating cabin, but couldn’t stop that powerful vibration, he had the tinnitus. Because the balance inductor had the temporary malfunction, he also couldn’t control the mecha not to fall down to the ground.
The blue and black mecha fell down on the hard metal ground heavily, made a loud crash, the strong impact, was eliminated most by the artful shock absorption design of the mecha, and the hard training of the First Military Academy, also let Anta cleared the brain dizziness in the shortest time. After confirmed that the mecha didn’t have any real damage, he angrily and quickly input the instructions, as long as this black mecha no longer had such shameless action, he surely could win instead of lose.
The manipulating the black mecha Sheilor, was in a daze for a moment, believed that this seemed callous and proud mecha was really a rookie, since it’s so, he didn’t need to be polite, his fingers input the instructions on the touch screen quickly, drove the under his body mecha to throw the punches heavily, hammered down on the lower abdomen of the blue and black mecha ruthlessly.
Still was that position hidden the balance inductor in, the mechanical arm of the mecha waved the alloy fist, strangely took a turn in the air, according to the angle of the first kick, smashed down from the angle oblique right 42 degree.
One punch after one punch after one punch.
The strong vibration, the slightly offset of the balance inductor, all these let the inputting the instructions angrily, trying to let the mecha have the counterattack student Anta look foolish. Because he found out that every time when he was about to correct the parameters of the mecha, always would be interrupted and broken the process of the reset balance parameters by the other party’s fist.
In the current sounds, the blue and black mecha kept trying to hold on to the ground, trying to fight back, and trying to stand up. However, with the fist of the black mecha kept smashing down, it showed the tragic drama just same as like cramps.
The fight of mecha had a lot of kinds, in the different background and environment, the different virtual reality fight, the competitive level of course wouldn’t be the same. Today the First Military Academy visited the Pear Garden university, although bountifully shipped three mechas to here, also had the ready to have the internal mecha fight performance, but the long range attack weapon system of the mecha all had been taken down. The M series prototype mecha manipulated by Sheilor right now, even didn’t have any assault weapon. So the fight of these two people at this moment, actually was the primitive Close-quarters combat. 
But obviously, had been taught four years the grapple by uncle Fengyu, Sheilor was best at this aspect. In this nearly one year, he tried hard to catch up the basic knowledge in the Pear Garden university, and checked all the mecha drawings of the first half of the M series in the zone H, very coincidence, the last series of these drawings was the M32. Had the great intuition and talent in the machinery aspect, and incomparable abundant practical experience Sheilor, was extremely familiar with that mecha. In his watch, this blue and black mecha actually didn’t have the outside those complicated and intrepid armors, it’s more like a naked, only had the alloy skeleton and control system thing.  
He had already got the upper hand, successfully found the weakest link of the M32. Under the circumstances, if that blue and black mecha still could stand up, it’s afraid that uncle Fengyu would be so angry, he would be born again in that column of white light, came out to beat Sheilor badly.
Sheilor was not a sinister people, also was not a people born with the rascal temperament, the sneak attack what the other party considered, it’s the very normal response in his eyes. Since the fight training had already begun, then what else was he waiting for? The blue and black mecha had already fallen down to the ground, of course he would keep attacking, until the other party lost all the mobile abilities, or the system judged that he won. 
No matter the level VI virtual test in the H1 area, or every night the fight training with Charlie Tai, he had already got used to begin silently, end calmly, didn’t have the thought of sneak attack this kind of concept in his mind.
This was a kind of very sincere and clinging attitude, and with the unnamed angry fire and the dark mood in these days, then it became the ugly picture at his time, the black mecha kept smashing the thigh root of the blue and black mecha.
The output power of the black prototype mecha had already reached the eighty percent value, the command input on the touch screen, became the without exhaustion alloy fist of the mecha, the rage attack was about to surpass the wind sound. And under the fist of the black mecha, the blue and black mecha kept trembling, clearly hadn’t really had the irreversible damage, but just never could stand up, only could be beat fucking badly.
With “Crack” the crisp sound, the armor on the mechanical thigh root of the blue and black mecha, began to burst open a small crack finally, the balance inductor inside the mecha couldn’t resist the vent like the violent storm, but persistent like an old farmer precision strikes, after the green smoke rose up, stopped working officially. 
The voice of the system sounded in the quiet fight training room, the black mecha would be no doubt the winner. Sheilor manipulated the mecha to step five meters back, he still thought only himself and that blue and black mecha in the fight training room at this time, didn’t know at all that what happened just now, had already landed in the eyes of countless people.
The cheering and whistles had already sounded up like the ocean in the comprehensive gymnasium, only Sheilor knew nothing about it.
The blue and black mecha climbed up from the metal floor destructively. Finally completed the reset of the numerical value, forcibly broke off the automatic position adjustment program which was responded by the balance inductor, changed the mecha from semi-automatic control to all manual control, then this blue and black mecha finally stood up. But the all manual control, was the half disablement in the close-quarters combat. 
The small curly hair floated in the operating cabin of the mecha same like the dust, also floated was the angry roar of Anta at the same time. He had never been so hopelessly stupid in this life, obviously the operation level of the other party was just so so, besides the assault speed at the most beginning was somewhat terrible fast, the rest was just so so, even looked like somewhat stupid, only foolishly let the mecha to punch, but didn’t know how to attack the more vulnerable and more important parts of the mecha at all…
But even just like this, didn’t know whether the other party had the dog shit luck, the vibration of the mecha would often in the critical moment, affected the recalibration of the balance inductor, let him couldn’t have any way to have the effective operation at all! Lost to the prototype mecha which was operated by a social college student just like this? Anta even had the suicide intent at this time, he pulled his curly hair on the head incomparably painfully, he stared at that looked somewhat awkward black mecha.
“Of course it’s not lucky, although the operation of this black prototype mecha is not that intrepid, but no matter who is operating this mecha, could attack one hundred and forty-seven times continuously, including the most beginning that kick of the mechanical leg, all could hit on the same place, and follow the same angle completely accurate… that only explain one thing, this man is very strong, damn fucking strong.”
Outside of the mecha fight training room, the people of the First Military Academy and the teachers of the Pear Garden university, had the totally different two kinds of emotions shown on their faces. 
Jade Chow narrowed his eyes to look at that seemed slightly dull black mecha on the light screen. By his side, his those companions was indignant, criticized the Pear Garden university had the surprise attack, and that mecha had the sneak attack. 
He said to them, “we all know where the biggest loophole is, but which one of us would think of to use this loophole? Nobody, because the difficulty of this operation is too big… although the fight today doesn’t have the long range weapon system to play in, let the black mecha the possibility of this kind operation to become much larger, but none of us could guarantee that every instruction we input, could guarantee the accuracy of the mecha execution. This needs the confidence for the analysis of his own brain, and still needs the extremely quick judgment to every time the angle change… the without confidence people, is impossible to choose this kind of persistent combat style.”
“A confident and strong mecha soldier, I somewhat understand now, why our principal would ask us these people to sacrifice the vacation, and come to the Pear Garden university to have the performance. It seems that no matter in anywhere, all will have the worth learning object for us..”
The ace student Jade Chow of the First Military academy maneuvering department had a smile, walked to the mecha fight training room, the slogan sounds of the Pear Garden university students behind his back, just like the military orders, urged his steps.
He knew that this thing Anta didn’t do it right at the most beginning, but as a soldier, in front of these many people, he must made sure that the glory of the First Military Academy wouldn’t have the possibility to have a bit of bleakness.


Chapter 32
Hold The Abdomen And Run (1)

On the light screen, the door behind the mecha fight training room opened, the black prototype mecha appeared. Inside the comprehensive gymnasium of the Pear Garden university, countless people cast their eyes over, after the shocked, the students thundered the cheers, they didn’t know since when their school also had the mecha incredibly, also didn’t know who was in the black mecha. But they thought, for the honor of the Pear Garden university, this black mecha stood out bravely, faced that proud stupid bitch of the First Military Academy. Just by this point, already deserved that they didn’t need to think anything else, but gave the shouts of joy and the excited stamping feet sounds, all to that black mecha. 
And when that black mecha, with a kind of nobody thought of way, directly kicked down that blue and black mecha, followed with the incomparably persistent and slightly awkward punches to smash down, until the system judged that the black mecha was the winner… the atmosphere in the comprehensive gymnasium reached to an even more horrible level.
On the contrary, the cheers were much less at this time, because all the people were shocked by this scene, about to speechless. The stars began to appear in the eyes of the girl students, the boy students opened the mouths widely, looked at that light screen inconceivably, and on the rostrum was even the dead silence.
The professor Kent of the First Military Academy delegation stood up suddenly, looked at the light screen with the shock on his face, came to his senses after a long time, turned his head to speak to the president of the Pear Garden university Nolan, “what is this all about?”
Besides the military academies, basically the general universities wouldn’t teach the system knowledge related to the mecha aspect, although the Pear Garden university had some fame in this aspect, but this university didn’t have the maneuvering department. How could they have a mecha? And the manipulated that mecha student, even defeat his student! 
Although in professor Kent’s view, the fighting method of the black mecha seemed somewhat was no that aboveboard enough, but the doubt and shock let him couldn’t care for the rest. He simply stared at Nolan, wanted to make it clear, the problem that why a community university would have the mecha.
“Just the prototype mecha.” the president Nolan said with a smile, “it’s more than twenty years ago, specially permitted by the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of National Defense.”
“Then… who’s the student manipulating the mecha?” professor Kent was irritated, asked quickly, “you should know it very clearly. The federal law express the terms, the non-military system personnel, shouldn’t touch the battle mecha.”
The president Nolan wrinkle his eyebrows slightly, then gently said with a smile, “the president Channing send you come over to have the mecha performance, those officer students probably don’t know the reason, you should be able to guess it a little… we Pear Garden university doesn’t have the maneuvering department, but that doesn’t mean that we don’t have the mecha training ground, as for the identity of that person in the black mecha… he touches the battle mecha, I think that no matter the Ministry of National Defense, or the President Safety Committee, all shouldn’t have any objection.”
The professor Kent distracted for a moment, slowly thought of one possibility, shocked to turn his head around, looked at that standing dully mecha on the light screen, said with a shivering voice, “with his identity, how could he choose to show up in front of these many people?”
“Please don’t forget, he is the student of our Pear Garden university now.” the president Nolan still smilled, was particularly calm, “since the visiting classmate from the First Military Academy, challenged the Pear Garden university, he is willing to come out to fight for the honor of the Pear Garden university, I also can’t stop him, right?”
The professor Kent distracted for a moment, had the wry smile on his face. If in the black mecha was really that honorable identity young man, it’s afraid that the First Military Academy would lose its face today. It looked like that madam and this young man, very dislike the means, which the First Military Academy this time aimed at embarrassing the Pear Garden university, thus took back the education qualification for the successor of the Tai family.
The president Nolan didn’t notice the bitterness on professor Kent’s face, he just felt very well that he seemed to just had a piece of wild pork, but he didn’t have any expression on his face. He looked at that black mecha on the light screen, appreciated inwardly that child of the old friend, willing to fight for the honor of the Pear Garden university.
Yes, the looked inscrutably president Nolan, the reason why he was so profound to be understood, that’s because he thought the one in the black mecha was Charlie Tai. If the successor of the Tai family would fight with the identity of the Pear Garden university student, then the First Military Academy would have to swallow the bitterness secretly, the president Nolan didn’t have anything to worry about.
This president was always busy at working, didn’t know that the people could enter the H1 area in this university, not just Charlie Tai one person, and also a little porter who he once had noticed.
The shock in the comprehensive gymnasium had already been replaced by the cheering, on the rostrum, the members of the First Military Academy delegation had their faces very ugly. 
But just at this time, the situation on the light screen had some changes again, the blue and white mecha was lifted and moved away, but another silver mecha appeared coldly on the field.
The was about to leave black mecha distracted a bit, then somewhat awkwardly turned the body, faced the other party.
The students in the comprehensive gymnasium watched this scene, knew that those proud officers of the First Military Academy, were ready to challenge again, they held their breath in succession.
The president Nolan frowned slightly, took a look at professor, said, “is it Jade Chow? If he wounded or irritated that person in the black mecha, do you think that it’s appropriate?”
Professor Kent looked at the light screen silently, suddenly opened his mouth and said, “earlier we just tried to fight for his performance, but now the student wants to fight for the honor of the First Military Academy. In this context, I won’t stop, and also don’t want to stop, I believe that the young man should understand very much, the First Military Academy has its own pride.”
The president Nolan didn’t say anything, looked at that black mecha, had a smile slightly.
Sheilor didn’t know that the president and the top of the First Military Academy, at this time had already taken him as the honorable identity, extremely mysterious successor of the Tai family. 
He just finished the fight silently as usually, and then was ready to leave. At this time, he didn’t have too much the joy mood, even those negative emotions piled up in these days weren’t let off completely.
This young man was very sensitive and very cautious at some moment, but would seem somewhat confused at some moment. Such as right at this moment, he always thought that he just slept for a while in the mecha, at most it was the four or five o’clock in the morning, he always thought that this was just the warm-up exercise of the visiting student of the First Military Academy, there was no any bystander…
But he didn’t know that it’s 10:30 in the morning at this time, what he did previously, was watched by countless eyes and the monitoring equipments. He didn’t know, because of his show up, the Pear Garden university had already become the pleasant surprise ocean at this moment. Also didn’t know, those excited students at this time, all were guessing who was that person, could defeat the top student of the First Military Academy.
He had already become the heroic figure of the Pear Garden university, and the lonely and ruthless that kind…
He didn’t know all the things in the outside, he just felt that since that blue and black mecha was a even more rookie that he this rookie, it’s really nothing to defeat the other party. He was still that poor guy who could only last more than ten seconds in the level VI test. Won a game luckily, what could be rejoice and excited? He was still the lovelorn young man, the depressed mood was still couldn’t be relieved. 
Just at the moment when he was ready to leave, the electronic composition voice came from the system once again, very clearly, “fight training request, whether to accept?”
Sheilor was startled to look back, the black mecha looked back awkwardly, then he saw a floating the silver light all over the body, seemed extremely precious mecha showed up at the door of the fight training room. And, it seemed to have some changes on the specific structures. He frowned, looked at that gave out the fight request mecha through the light screen. His mood was very complex, “these visiting officer students of the First Military Academy, could it be said that they want to play the wheel war?”
He was exceptionally clear about the strength that he manipulated the mecha, even clearly somewhat frustrated to underestimate it. Looked at the steady and smooth forward track of that silver mecha, he thought subconsciously, he shouldn’t be the opponent of the other party. But whether he was the opponent or not, it’s not the key point what Sheilor was thinking at this moment. What he was thinking right now, just how to relieve the depression in his heart, it seemed that it didn’t matter, even he would be beat up badly by the other party. This was not the self-abuse, just the subconscious reaction of an ordinary young man. 
Accepted the fight request, he manipulated the black mecha, somewhat stupefied to walk to that silver mecha.
“There should be Jade Chow inside. I heard that his younger brother went to the West Forest Military School, just because he couldn’t stand the excellence of his brother.” in the villa, sat on the sofa Charlie Tai, his expression was somewhat strange, of course he knew it clearly, this mecha performance was the First Military Academy wanted to show for him, but nobody would expect, in the end, this matter would develop to the scene like this now.
He gently took a sip of the champagne in the fine glass, looked at the scene on the light screen with a faint smile on his face, said to himself, “Sheilor, this time you would be very miserable.”
The successor of the Tai family would had the fight in the virtual system with Sheilor every night, of course he would know about the true strength of Sheilor. In his eyes, earlier Sheilor could knock down that blue and black mecha, to a great extent, it’s because of Sheilor’s opportunism, and that idiot took his enemy lightly. But since Jade Chow drove the silver mecha personally to fight at this time, what welcome Sheilor, would only be the very miserable end.
The mecha fight began, just as what Charlie predicted, that black mecha controlled by Sheilor, in front of that silver mecha, even couldn’t resist for a moment, directly became the weeds in the storm, kept swinging in the precise attack, might fall down to the ground at any time.
With a stuffy sound, the translucent operating cabin door of the black mecha was hit accurately by the alloy fist. Sheilor felt stuffy in the heart by the powerful shock, somewhat startled to look at the data display on the light screen, found out that he couldn’t avoid the attack of the other party at all, no matter the speed or the fineness of the operation, were not the same level with the other party.
It seemed that losing was the only ending, Sheilor was somewhat bored to think of, but his fingers still input the instructions quickly, let the black mecha avoided some damages to the key positions, he looked at that like god existed silver mecha, but was full of the frustrated and not reconciled… in his heart.


Chapter 33
Hold The Abdomen And Run (2)

The looked clumsy in movement black mecha, had a sudden pause on the running route. The very closely associated with it silver mecha, didn’t pass up this opportunity, directly a side impact, put the energy of motion which the high-energy battery gave to it, all converted into the force of impact, cast on the side of the black mecha body.
The collision of the alloy surface, aroused a very loud and clear metallic sound in the fight training room, along with the sound, the black mecha was like a broken line kite, was hit to the hard wall ruthlessly. Although didn’t really smashed to pieces like a kite, but those structure firmware and the joint linkages all made the “Hiss” wail sounds, seemed to stop working immediately.
The black mecha slid down along the wall, several damaged and warped up alloy surfaces, grinding the wall and making the squeak sound, at the same time, left several brand new marks on the wall, finally dejectedly and feebly fell down on the ground heavily.
The power of earlier that blow by the silver mecha, was shown in this picture completely.
The cheers in the comprehensive gymnasium of the Pear Garden university had already stopped, from that moment when the mecha fight training was started again. And then with the black mecha retreat in defeat repeatedly, even those guessing who was inside the black mecha discussing sounds, the introducing about that most excellent officer student of the First Military Academy Jade Chow, who now was in the silver mecha… all stopped gradually. When the black mecha was hit to the wall and then slid down miserably, countless people fell into the silence most thoroughly, they looked at that picture on the light screen with extremely complex feelings.
The rostrum had also quieted down at this time, the professors and the officials of these two universities looked at the light screen. The didn’t know the inside information Pear Garden university side all had the pity expressions, they didn’t know that which department this manipulating the black mecha student was in, also didn’t have the extravagant hope that he could defeat two the strong in a row, still somewhat had the hope after all, but it became the disappointment and the worry.
The expressions of the First Military Academy side were much more leisure and relieved, compared with the expression when Anta was beat badly earlier, but also didn’t have too much the complacent. Because in their eyes, Jade Chow this young student, even the instructor of the maneuvering department couldn’t beat him easily, of course should win easily.
Thought they had already known the inside information president Nolan and professor Kent, represented two universities, but had the totally different moods from everybody. The professor Kent knew that they had already kept the honor of the First Military Academy, but that successor of the Tai family, it’s afraid that he wouldn’t agree to transfer to the First Military Academy, thought of the instruction of the president, he didn’t feel any happy.
And on the contrary, the president Nolan just looked at the light screen with a smile, thought that the young man with the  mild appearance but the aloof and proud character, presumably would know it clearly, it’s not the training condition of the H1 area not as good as the one in the First Military Academy, was defeated this time, this year he would be wholly and studied hard in the Pear Garden university.
In the silent and quiet comprehensive gymnasium, all the people stared at trying to stand up again black mecha on the light screen, when the system still didn’t sentence the winner, this strengths looked somewhat incommensurable fight, was still not over yet. All the people knew that the black mecha was not the opponent of the silver mecha, but saw that the black mecha didn’t have any sign to throw in the towel, couldn’t help to be moved.
Didn’t know who started it, in the comprehensive gymnasium suddenly sounded the very rhythmic applauses, at the beginning it was still very low, but then more and more people joined in, the applause sound became louder and louder, shocked the ears like the heavy rains, and then found the same rhythm, the rain sound became the drum sound, “Pa, Pa, Pa, Pa” sounded up, rang through the entire comprehensive gymnasium, cheered for that black mecha, which represented the Pear Garden university or even the whole university town.
On a corner of the stands, the Coastal senator childe Bowie Hang clapped his hands excitedly, the palms were already clapped red. By his side, the wearing the black frame glasses Charming looked at the light screen seriously, guessing in her heart that the identity of that man in the black mecha, although she also was somewhat worry for that black mecha, but the more was still the calm.
She believed in non-violence, belonged to the federal opposition party the moderate side, however, they were still the same system. When she was in the four states in the mountains, she had already got in touch with a lot of the information, some of them were about the fighting between the federal army and the anti-government army in those years. She knew that those battle mechas, once so ruthlessly tore apart the bodies of those enthusiasm and hot blood young anti-government soldiers. When she saw the battle mecha, in front of her eyes, those bloody videos and pictures would emerge, she had the born disgust to the mecha fighting.
These emotions just flashed across, then Charming fell into the often trance state in these days again, her eyes were staring at the light screen, but didn’t know where her mind had run to, maybe the wild flowers, maybe the chicken soup, maybe the snow or the rain. Who knew?
This naïve but not competent female spy didn’t know it at all, the source of all the things she was thinking right now, actually was just right on the light screen, just right in front of her eyes, just covered by the surface of the mecha.
The like the drum sound applauses made people the blood upwelling, or even had some of the solemn and stirring feeling. But fell into the ears of Shielding, just let the corners of his mouth to warp up a curve to express the taunt. He leaned against the wall of a tunnel on the lowest place of the stands, looked up at the light screen on the dome of the comprehensive gymnasium. Thought with the slight mockery, the students were really a group of fools having nothing but the blood, even Sheilor that interesting guy, also once showed the stubborn such like this in front of the nightclub.
The ash dropped from the clipped in the fingers cigarette to the ground, Shielding closed his eyes, didn’t notice that the cigarette almost burnt to his fingers. He recalled earlier that blow by the silver, confirmed that even the black mecha could incomparably strongly stand up once again, in front of Jade Chow, also could fall down once again. 
The intelligence should be correct, besides that prince, also nobody could enter the Pear Garden university that never public H1 area, that man sitting in the black prototype mecha should be the target.
It seemed that the prince also didn’t have too much talent on this aspect, but his temperament was still upright and staunch. Shielding opened his eyes, somewhat annoyed to think, he just had the intelligence a few days ago from the organization, if this prince was really like what the intelligence said, was the successor of the Tai family, how could he be also so hot blood? The hot blood in the youth of this kind of big shots, to the anti-government army which he was servicing, it’s absolutely not a good news.
Sitting on the sofa, holding the coffee cup Charlie Tai, didn’t have any unexpected for the performance of the black mecha. In these many days contact, he had already known that Sheilor was a such character guy, and he was also the only person who knew who was the people in the black mecha. He shook his head slightly, knew that even Sheilor could regained the control of the mecha, in the next wave of the attacks of the silver mecha, at most he could only hold on for six seconds.
Because the one sitting in the silver mecha was Jade Chow, the one who the Tai family had already observed for four years, would be the staff serving him in the future Jade Chow. Charlie Tai raised the coffee cup to honor the failure of Sheilor, had a smile.
The full of the federal scientists intelligence design, let the pilot of the mecha, could reduce farthest the impact power from the outside, thus in the black mecha Sheilor didn’t pass out in that impact. But his felt very bad at this time, he swallowed down a couple saliva, then stopped the desire to vomit, then the vision was back to clear.
He had a wry smile, wiped the lips subconsciously, and then both hands began to operate again, tried to let the mecha to stand up again.
The lovelorn young man tried to use a come without any reason fight, or the abused to let out the no where to talk out anguish and frustration from his heart. He had already anticipated the losing ending, or even faintly hoped that he would be beat up badly. 
But really when the failure began, found that he didn’t have any strike back ability like a boy in front of that silver mecha, Sheilor had the not reconciled to it subconsciously. This was due to his character, he grew up alone from childhood, possessed the tough and tensile, optimistic and not admit defeat spirit which was the characteristic of the East Forest people. 
He had never got used to admit failure without made his great efforts, even didn’t use to the slight stringent frustration in his heart at this time. Lost to the excellent officer student of the First Military Academy, to Sheilor, it’s a very easy thing to accept. But he couldn’t accept after he had that blow, then he had the thought to admit the defeat.
The front end of the mecha mechanical arm in the non-combat state, would installed the anthropomorphic alloy knuckles, when clenched tightly together, that would be a strong fist. In the fight earlier knocked down that blue and black mecha, the right alloy fist of the black mecha actually had been damaged quite seriously.
Just this damaged alloy fist held on the ground, supporting the balance of the black mecha, let it to stand up once again. Sheilor did it very naturally, but appeared on the light screen, that let more heavy applauses sounded in the comprehensive gymnasium. Actually Sheilor didn’t know how many applauses sounded up for him at all, he even didn’t know that there were other people watching this fight, anything he did, never needed the applause to encourage.
The antique class simulation system by the side in the mecha cabin, suddenly caught Sheilor’s eyes.
“You are very good, I still want to learn from you.”
He turned on the internal communicator of the combat system, to that very have poise pilot of the silver mecha, said very cordially.
Inside that silver mecha, the no facial expression Jade Chow, the expression finally distracted for a moment at this time, he took a look at the communicator subconsciously, recognized the sincerity and honest of the other party. On his that heroic spirit face flashed a flicker of doubt, actually was not because of the attitude the other party showed at this time, but for the details he captured from the data analysis in the fight earlier.
In the eyes of all the people, the black mecha in the earlier that period of time, had already been defeated to an army in disarray. But only Jade Chow in the silver mecha, this young mecha control genius, subtly smelled some strange smell-- he had already confirmed at this time, the one controlling the black mecha, no matter the hand speed or the details controlled, all had the big gaps between them. But the problem is, the reaction speed every time when the black mecha made the avoid move, always would be a bit faster than the time he calculated.
A bit faster, it seemed to be a not important thing, but in the lightning speed mecha fighting, it would be extremely important. Although because the guy didn’t have the super strong control level, the reaction speed of the black mecha didn’t unfold before everyone’s eyes, but the problem in those data, still let Jade Chow confirm, the reaction speed of the other party was much faster than himself. He just couldn’t understand, how the other party could do this, could it be said that there was really the legendary intuition this kind of thing?
The in the silver mecha Jade Chow, silenced for a moment, to that mystery man in the stood up again black mecha, said seriously, “to learn from each other… please.”


Chapter 34
Hold The Abdomen And Run (3)

The other party said please, Sheilor continued the word very naturally, “please… wait a minute.”
Had to say, the same pot of the soup broth boiled out the different chicken also had the different tastes, this was the problem of the chicken. The students of the First Military Academy were all the very proud people, but the temperament showed by this kind of proud would be completely different, the controlled the blue and black mecha Anta would show the mania and frivolity, but Jade Chow would show it very elegant.
Heard the voice came from the communicator, Jade Chow had a smile, looked at that still difficultly maintained the balance black mecha, said in a low voice, “sure.”
He didn’t know what that people in the black mecha wanted him to wait for, perhaps for a little more rest time, perhaps came up with the way to defeat him? The absolute confidence let Jade Chow calmly and quietly show the demeanor of the First Military Academy. And the in the black mecha Sheilor also seemed to be really just in the rest, the mecha just leaned against the wall and stood over there for a long time, didn’t have any action.
The long time quiet and the pause of the fight, the strange atmosphere in the fight training room, all showed on the huge light screen of the comprehensive gymnasium, finally was noticed by those in the comprehensive gymnasium, kept clapping hands and held the breath to cheer for the black mecha students. The applauses were getting lesser and lesser gradually, then backed to the extremely quiet, all the people looked at those not moving at all two mechas on the light screen, all of them didn’t know what happened.
Shielding was bored to rub on his that burnt red fingers at this time, the delicate eyebrows were frowned very good-looking, suddenly was attracted the attention by the strange of the surrounding environment. He took a look at the light screen curiously, and watched for a moment, guessed a little bit of the communication between the two mecha pilots, couldn’t help to laugh up. Thought that Jade Chow must gave the other party the maximum endurance at this time, to show his demeanor, the people came out from the First Military Academy really were all this strutting. Except what would that black mecha still want to do? The strength gap was too big, even he kept thinking silently, in this short time, the black mecha also couldn’t have the chance to defeat the silver mecha which was controlled by Jade Chow, unless that prince in the black mecha suddenly had the small universe outbreak. 
In the not far away from the comprehensive gymnasium, but extremely strict and quiet villa, Charlie Tai also was holding the coffee cup, pretty interested to watch the silence of the two mechas on the light screen. The both sides in the fighting, one was the his not known by others “friend”, the other one was his future subordinate, he knew very well the strength and the characters of the both sides. He was smiling to be ready to watch Sheilor fall down and climb up again, climb up and fall down again, just like the hot blood space drama played by that purple hair little on the channel 23. 
Just at this time, the silenced for a long time black mecha moved suddenly.
Shielding narrowed his eyes, the people in the comprehensive gymnasium were all nervous and somewhat couldn’t bear to watch. In the villa, Charlie Tai was drinking his coffee with a smile on his face, bent the left thumb to rest on the armrest, counted in his heart lightly: six seconds. Charlie Tai believed his own judgment, Sheilor could only last six seconds.
When it’s the second second, the black mecha and the silver had already clashed together again straight from the shoulder, but this time, didn’t have the clear and heavy metal clash sound. Because just right in that moment which the naked eye couldn’t distinguish, the black mecha had its those two been damaged mechanical arms put up a strange angle suddenly, blocked in the right front of the mecha!
The silver mecha that tore the air like the blade, hit straight to the black mecha operating cabin the crucial point right assault arm, was blocked by the black mecha that two broken, even faintly emitting the sparks mechanical arms. To say it more accurately, it’s not block, but clamp. The angle between the two mechanical arms seemed particularly strange, appeared the radial pattern outward, just clamped the mechanical arm of the silver mecha right in the middle!
The assault of the silver mecha, drove the armors on the mechanical arms of the two mechas to keep grinding, sent out the heart-stopping “Zee Zee” sounds. The huge impact, all concentrated in this intimate contact area, let the two mechas to have a shock at the same time happened to coincide, shocked up from the ground more than ten cm! In the silver mecha Jade Chow was somewhat unexpected about the control precision and speed of the other party, but faintly he also didn’t feel that it’s very strange. Because earlier he had already seen, the other party had the very strange reaction speed, originally the operation shouldn’t be that bad.
The clumsy action of the black mecha, because of the successful capture at this moment, then no longer to face the high-speed operation and brisk mecha footwork of the silver mecha, thus concealed its disadvantage in the maximum level. This looked very simple, but actually it’s very difficult. Because the metal dynamic property of the mecha, doomed to that the control man couldn’t command any subtle movement of the mecha, like what he did to his own body. In the mecha fighting operation, never had the standard action like this kind of human grapple.
The black mecha backed a step to ward off the force, both arms cross blocked, completely like a practiced in the cultivation pavilion for many years human, not like a cold machine at all.
Those nervously watching the light screen students, didn’t know the black mecha the hidden difficulty in this simple action, they just saw the been tumbledown black mecha not only stood up, but also successfully blocked the attack of the silver mecha for the first time. This fact let them saw the slight winning possibility of the Pear Garden university, they couldn’t help to burst out the extremely warm cheers.
But Jade Chow knew, those students of the First Military Academy knew, Shielding and Charlie Tai also knew, they all couldn’t help to be somewhat surprised.
Jade Chow didn’t know how that guy in the black mecha, could let a cold machine, accomplished earlier that movement smoothly like a human, just like he didn’t know why the other party would have the reaction speed quicker than he did. But besides the surprise, the ace student of the First Military Academy didn’t have any worry in his heart, calmly staring at the feedback of all the data on the monitor screen, he even had a flicker of smile flashed across in the eyes. 
The variation changed again.
The originally stalemated together two mechas, suddenly had a severe shock between them for a short moment, the firmly blocked out in front the mechanical arm of the silver mecha, reached to the front once again! The floating cold light alloy fist, pointed directly to the most deadly operating cabin of the mecha. Of course this kind of fighting under the system monitoring, was impossible to allow the real death between the mechas. But if the silver mecha really could hit the operating cabin with some kind of power, the system would naturally judge the silver mecha the winner.
This was also the source of Jade Chow that calm confidence, no matter the black mecha that strange block was done subconsciously, or really through some kind of strange operating way, he didn’t care about at all. The mechanical arms of the two mechas entangled together, the silver mecha lost the high-speed maneuverability, seemed to suffer the huge loss. But actually at this time the fighting, completely considered both sides the subtle operation in the narrow space, and the mecha its own dynamical system power.
And in these two aspects, Jade Chow was very confident, the black mecha wouldn’t be his opponent. On the micro operation, Jade Chow had the beyond ordinary people too much level, and the silver mecha was the reinforced one, its dynamic power output, was much bigger than the prototype…
Whit the all output of the static farming type high energy battery power, the rear side of the silver mecha sent out the Jade Chow very familiar with and very conversant buzzing sounds. The strong power output, let the silver to march forward once again, it seemed that nothing could stop it. Especially Jade Chow’s right hand kept inputting the instructions on the touch screen, let the mechanical arm of the silver mecha could keep shifting in the minimum range with the 0.01 second speed, kept hitting on the two mechanical arms of the black mecha. 
Tok tok tok… like the woodpecker kept pecking the rigid tree, shock loosen the tree gradually. Or like an ancient giant’s hand, kept hitting the crack of the rock, let the crack of the rock getting bigger and bigger…
The alloy mechanical arms wouldn’t be tired, but in this kind of shifting shock in the very small range, would be too late to reset at all. The black mecha could only watch the gap in front was getting bigger and bigger, the mechanical arm of the silver was getting closer and closer, the speed was faster and faster…
Had to admit, the mecha fighting strength of the ace student of the First Military Academy, had been strong to a kind of very abnormal degree.
Charlie Tai put the coffee cup by the lips, the five fingers on the armrest of the sofa had already bent up, the eyebrows were frowned slightly, looked at that seemed to be losing black mecha on the light screen seriously, subconsciously felt that there would be some strange thing happened in the next moment.
Jade Chow also felt it, because the black mecha of the other party in these two seconds, had not made any response, seemed to have already lost all the faith, only waiting to be hit, and then be sentenced by the system as the loser. But Jade Chow had already confirmed, that guy in the black mecha wouldn’t be a say die easily people.
A kind of ominous omen appeared in Jade Chow’s mind, his expression was calm, but his fingers began to move quickly on the touch screen, changed the power output to instant process, at the same time, changed the mechanical legs of the lower body from the slight crouch to march mode…
The current sound, the assemble sound of the metal components sounded up, the two kept shivering body huge mechas in the fight training room, seemed to have the pause at the same time. The mechanical legs of the silver mecha began to squat down, was going to change to the march mode. Jade Chow decided to not wait for that ominous possibility any more, with this kind of risky way, to get more power output and the ground grasp capability, tried to have the success in one strike.
However…
The been silence black mecha seemed to just wait for this moment, when the lower body of the silver mecha moved back a little bit because the mode changed, the black mecha moved, the thick and heavy mechanical leg moved, clumsy and desperate to move, became a black curve line in the air, with the naked eye absolutely couldn’t see clearly speed, with the 30 degree precise angle, ruthlessly split down to the lower body of the silver mecha!
This picture absolutely shouldn’t appear in the mecha fight!
This was the movement example absolutely never been in any mecha course of study!
The M series mechas were all the type II mecha, the heavy mechanical legs mainly were used to support the heavy mecha load itself, and could change to the march mode, through the reassembling and transform of the metal components, could let the mecha to march forward in the field with the speed over one hundreds km. If for the wartime needs, it still could be changed on the caterpillar track temporarily, across those complex terrain swamp areas.
In short, in the federal mecha design and use concept, mecha this pair heavy mechanical legs had the very important effect, but this effect was mainly reflected in the structure and movement aspects. The balance of the mecha was the most important thing when fighting, only could maintain the balance of the mecha, then could guarantee the three big systems of the mecha, could have a stable reaction platform for reference and calculation… 
Because the requirement that mecha had on this aspect was too high, so no matter in the design or in the use, the federal people would always load the weapon system on the upper body of the mecha. And seldom people could think of… that pair heave and clumsy walking mechanical legs… incredibly also could become the attack weapon.
In the past countless years of history, there must be scientists or those born from the cultivation pavilion the strong pilots, imagined whether the mechanical legs could play the important role in the mecha fight. But the countless experiments and calculations, had already proved that, if you wanted to guarantee the stability of the mecha, you must sacrificed the flexibility of the mechanical legs.
The mecha was just the machine after all, no matter how nimble the machine was, it still wouldn’t be the human body, it’s impossible like those special soldiers or the masters of the cultivation pavilion, could curvet in the woods, or had the flying side kick like the human… 
Perhaps some beginners would try this kind of attempts cheerfully, but what would meet him, must be the domplete failure. Because an even couldn’t maintain the most fundamental balance mecha, no matter how it could lift the leg gaudily, still would be blown down to the ground by a gust of wind.
In the real mecha special operations, of course could use the mechanical legs to do some usually won’t do actions, but that must had been forced into the hopeless situation, then would use this kind of extremely risky way.
The professors of the maneuvering department of the three big military academies and the West Forest military school, through the discuss principles of the mecha action inferences, had already had the conclusion, if people wanted to control the mecha like controlling his own body, unless in the mecha that pilot could have the calculation speed and control precision like the computer. The high class central computer perhaps could complete these actions, but the computer itself couldn’t have the human born reaction distinguishing ability…
So in the federal military teaching materials, never had the contents on this aspect, because this was a kind of more harm than good attack method, this was a kind of failure many times then had a success attack method, in other words, this was a kind of very stupid attack method.
Jade Chow had seen this kind of mecha leg attack before. In the maneuvering department of the First Military Academy, once had a always have bats in the belfry, but incomparably persistent lower classmate, this lower classmate once had spent the time of half an year, tried to let the mecha could attack with the mechanical legs off the ground, and at the same time could maintain the rapid response method in the counterattack of the other party.
But half an year later, that have the bats in the belfry but incomparably persistent lower classmate, eventually still gave it up sulkily. Although Jade Chow appreciated the talent of that lower classmate, but formed consensus of the federal human in countless years, not anyone could override casually.
So when Jade Chow saw that black lightning mechanical leg from the monitoring screen, very accurate and powerful splitting at him, and the black mecha itself still maintained the stability, the arms blocking the silver mechanical arm were still on the same position… unexpectedly he stagnated for one tenth second subconsciously, the eye pupils contracted suddenly. 
How could the other party do this? Because the black mecha leaned its half mecha body on the wall of the fight training room? Or by heads and tails? But no matter which kind, actually Jade Chow still wouldn’t feel panic. Because in countless mecha fights, always had some wonderful things happened, but in the next time, perhaps that pilot couldn’t employ the same effect. 
Jade Chow himself, once in a mecha operation experiment, unconsciously let the silver mecha finish a beautiful circle kick, that made him very excited at the time. But when he tried to repeat the same process in the later days, then he found out that in the whole fourteen experiments, he just only succeeded twice.
Such a low success rate, couldn’t be used fro the actual combat. The rigorous by nature Jade Chow, threw this thing out of his mind from then on, because he knew his… no, all the pilot of the federation, manipulation ability, couldn’t let the attack of the lower part of the mecha to become an effective means. 
So Jade Chow thought that the black mecha just suddenly broke out in the hopeless situation, suddenly kicked out this foot very luckily, just like what he had the beautiful circle kick in those years.
The thing really let Jade Chow felt enormous pressure was, the reaction speed and the calm of the black mecha, the other party seemed to have already judged all the developments after the fight started from the first second on, knew these two mechas would fall into the stalemate, and the silver mecha would with the more powerful motive power, to get the unable reverse advantage. And he would let the mechanical legs to change to the march mode at the last moment, to give the last blow…
The reaction of the black mecha was too amazing, just right at that moment when the silver mecha was changing the modes, caught the loophole of the armor on that crucial part, and then attacked at that part! The other party had been keeping silence, could it be that it just kept waiting for this moment?
If it’s true, this kind of endurance, this kind of calm, this kind of vision, even this kind of gambling type attack way, all let Jade Chow felt the unprecedented pressure.
Jade Chow had the cold feeling flashed in his heart, but didn’t have time to have the following thought at all, the contracted slightly eye pupils had the light appeared, the strength of the ace pilot broke out at this moment, the fingers touched the touch screen with the speed that the naked eye could catch at all, because of the demeanor, the been not used left mechanical arm reached out to the forward suddenly.
The unloaded fire system mecha melee fight, actually was more like a kind of primitive fight, the competition was just the brute force and speed, actually also was the motive power of the mecha and the manipulation of the pilot.
The black mecha that like the storm leg strike at this time, let Jade Chow felt surprised, he had to compete the speed with the other party. Once he could be faster a bit to hit the operating cabin of the other party, then this fight, he still would be the winner.
The sixth second finally came to the end.
No surprise, the black mecha this nobody thought of kick, this like trees pulled up by tornado cross kick, or like the huge wave struck on the levee of the Coastal state spurted out leg, accurately and heavily hit on the lower body of the silver mecha, hit on the crucial part, just heard the crack loud noise, the heavy alloy mechanical leg of the black mecha, on the silver mecha that temporary lost the defense ability place, split out a shocking wounds!
The sparks lit up the fight training room, the lower body of the silver mecha, countless metal connection cords and pipelines were broken miserably!
But at the same time, the pair of mechanical arms of the silver mecha also broke through the defense of the black mecha, hit ruthlessly on the abdomen operating cabin place of the black mecha, in the “Pi Pa” crack sounds, the translucent operating cabin door was deformed seriously, the like spider web cracks began to keep extending!
The white smoke began to permeate in the fight training room, covered all the sights, after a moment of silence, the electronic composition sound of the system sounded up once again, it’s a very clear and simple judgment, “draw.”
The fight training room fell into a kind of strange silence, two seriously damaged mechas had all been out of the combat mode, stood on the opposite side quietly.
The left mechanic leg of the silver mecha was hit by that heroic strike, the structural system was completely destroyed, the whole mecha body had already half inclined, lost the intact action ability. A moment later, the operating cabin of the silver mecha was opened, Jade Chow gazed at the thick smoke in front of him, seemed to want to see clearly that near at hand black mecha.
The cabin door of the black mecha had been broken into pieces, just in the full of smoke room, couldn’t see clearly the true appearance of the pilot over the other side of the smoke. Jade Chow frowned slightly, in the fight mode, the maximum attack output power all had the limit, especially that blow aimed at the operating cabin, why the cabin door of the other party would be broken completely, didn’t know whether the other party would be fine or not? He was somewhat worry. But he didn’t know it at all, the cabin door of the black mecha was the spare part installed temporarily today.
“Are you all right?” Jade Chow shouted at the other side of the smoke.
After a long time, a few coughs came from the other side of the smoke, a voice sounded, “You are very good, I thought that this kick is right on the target, you shouldn’t have enough time to hit me.”
Jade Chow could tell the sincerity from the tone of the other party, couldn’t help to have a smile slightly, but the smile was somewhat bitter, he confirmed that the other party was just a beginner, just seemed to have some kind of talent, he looked at the dispersed gradually smoke, frowned and asked, “You are the student of the Pear Garden university? How did you do that kick earlier? Do you want to come to our First Military Academy to study some basic knowledge?”
Jade Chow just said this words subconsciously, then he shook his head with a smile, said, “Today you have already become the hero of the Pear Garden university, presumably the president Nolan also won’t let you this kind of talent to leave.”
The previous conversations of them two people, and the calling through the smoke at this moment, all were confined in the fight training room, the countless people in the comprehensive gymnasium couldn’t hear it at all.
The voice over the other side of the smoke suddenly became perplexed and alarmed, “What hero?”
“You don’t know?” Jade Chow looked at the dispersed gradually smoke there.
The air system of the fight training room operated on the full power, the smoke got much lighter just in a moment, the alloy rooftop opened slowly, the shocked people eardrum split cheers and applauses came to the below, the sitting in the black mecha Sheilor watched all of these in a daze. Suddenly shouted out the word “shit”, the black mecha also moved quickly at the same time.
The smoke dispersed gradually, Jade Chow heard the current sound came from the other side, he wondered a bit more. He narrowed his eyes and looked at the broken cabin door of the other party, wanted to see clearly what this strange guy really looked like… he just saw a pair of damaged serious alloy fists blocked solidly in front of the cabin door place!
The sound of the applause had already shocked the roof in the comprehensive gymnasium, the students of the Pear Garden university and the other universities of the university town, all sunk into the excited state. All of them didn’t expect, that looked like dying black mecha not only stood up doggedly, but also fought draw with the ace student of the First Military Academy!
On the rostrum, the president Nolan and the professors of the Pear Garden also smile very delightfully, even the professor Kent of the First Military Academy also smiled happily. The draw was the best result, at least it wouldn’t offend that young man.
The roof of the fight training room opened slowly, the smoke dispersed slowly, countless eyes cast over there, countless people wanted to know this showed up mysteriously in the black mecha, sitting in there would be the student of which department, no matter what kind of people this student was before, but from today on, inevitably he would be the legend kept in mind by countless periods of students. 
The president Nolan looked at there with a smile, thought that tonight would be the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, the successor of the Tai family chose this kind of appearance way several hours ahead, perhaps it’s the better arrangement by god.
However to surprise all the people, when the smoke was cleared, they just saw a damaged seriously silver mecha and a… blocking the cracking cabin door with the alloy fists, turning the mecha body, and running to the opened slowly door on the rear of the fight training room black mecha!
Nobody could see clearly who was the guy in the black mecha, even if the light screen could pull to the closest shot, also had no way to see it clearly.
This scene left in the memory of many people, because after a thrilling mecha fight drill, they saw that taken as hero by them, the black prototype mecha was holding the abdomen, limping like a shame thief, very embarrassed and very panic to run away quickly…
Because of this scene, the comprehensive gymnasium suddenly fell into the extreme quiet, by the channel Shielding opened his mouth widely to look at the back figure of that like a dog mecha, suddenly scolded severely, blew his that burnt again by the cigarette fingers in a hurry.
On the sofa in the villa, Charlie Tai looked at the light screen in a daze, thought that if the black mecha went to act in a movie, would certainly become the Nebula Award winner. This holding the abdomen and run scene, looked exactly like a ate something bad poor man… once he thought of this, the honor identity him, couldn’t help to spit out a mouth of coffee, nearly not highly accord with his identity to laugh out.


Chapter 35
The Shock Of The Campus And Heart

Took over the white towel to wipe off the coffee stains on the shirt, Charlie Tai had a self-mockery smile and shook his head, thought that he hadn’t laughed so happy for many years. He stood up from the sofa, said to steward Ken by his side, “change today’s record, just say that I was studying in the H1 area.”
Steward Ken lowered his head slightly, immediately understood the intention of the master, paused for a moment and said, “master, since Sheilor has the chip permission to enter the H1 area, I think the relationship between professor Ken and him, absolutely not as simple as what is showed on the file of the Pear Garden university. It’s impossible that professor Ken wouldn’t literally change the central computer program of the H1 area, just for a soldier who he met occasionally in the boot camp… shouldn’t we tell madam this thing?”
In countless nights, besides steward Ken, no one else knew that the successor of the Tai family was not studying alone in the H1 area every night, but had a companion.
No one knew that Sheilor also could enter the H1 area, today steward Ken saw the black mecha that outburst blow in the end on the light screen, he had some worry in his heart, so he suggested to Charlie Tai once again.
Charlie Tai thought a moment, then shook his head. Besides the things like the adult ceremony, in the situation without his permission, steward Ken absolutely wouldn’t mention any details about his life to anyone, even if it’s his mother. About Sheilor this interesting guy, Charlie Tai believed his own judgment, it’s just a very coincident meeting, and didn’t have any what conspiracy hid inside.
“Don’t think too much, the life is just for decades, always would have something emerge beyond the plan, then it would be a bit interesting.” Charlie Tai said like this, the slightly pale and gaunt face had the long lost smile on. Thought of every bit details since he met with Sheilor, he had already made sure that the other party was a trustworthy guy.
“Yes, then I will go to handle the records right away.” steward Ken lowered his head slightly. In fact, he also wanted to see his master, the one doomed to couldn’t enjoy the normal life as most of the federal citizens, also could had the relatively luxury things such like friendship and so forth.
“I think I should be all in sweat at this time, I should take a shower, so… I need to change some clothes.” Charlie Tai threw the white towel on the table, said with a smile, “I think that president Nolan would come to discuss the thing about the dancing party in a moment… or perhaps he still wants to confirm whether the one in the holding the abdomen to run black mecha… is me.”
In the quiet and deep serene right hand side that room in the H1 area, suddenly had the metal mechanical sounds. The alloy wall on the farthest side of the room just closed, the data wires and the power cords still not connected back to the black mecha, the mecha those two kept blocking in front of the abdomen deformed alloy fists had already pulled open suddenly.
The face slightly pale Sheilor was like a frightened mouse, showed up in the badly broken operating cabin. He took off that should be called antique simulation operating system with the fastest speed, wiped the sweat off from the forehead, suppressed the hunger, used that magical power in his body again, both legs had the tremble, then jumped down from the meters height black mecha, become a track of dust, rushed to the rear of the main terminal display by the room door.
He folded well the simulation system and that little tool with difficulty, and tucked them into the backpack, Sheilor carried the backpack, and still didn’t forget to input the comprehensive clean instruction on the terminal. Along with the input instruction, the automatic clean equipments “bee bee” sounding came out from all around of the H1 area. On the ceiling, countless dust removal and spray equipments stretched out, began to clean up the whole room, especially the platform where the black mecha was on was cleaned repeatedly. Presumably not long later, all the fingerprints which Sheilor left in the mecha operating cabin and the room would be erased.
Wiped off the sweat on the forehead once again, Sheilor silently and steadily carried the backpack, walked out of the room, came to the closed tightly alloy door. The chip scanning and the command input were over, he stood on the corridor between the two doors, from the gap of the most outside door… carefully confirmed that the outside of the H1 area still didn’t have the eager students, then dodged to come out of the H1 area.
Covered his face tightly with the cap, Sheilor lowered his head, walked quickly through the library zone H. had to say that his luck is quite good, it’s already 10:30 AM at this time, normally a lot of high quality students of the Pear Garden university had already begun to study hard in the library zone H, they would certainly notice that a student came out from the never nobody in and out odd H1 area.
But today the First Military Academy came to visit, most of the people all stayed in the comprehensive gymnasium to watch that thrilling mecha fight. And tonight would be the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, no matter what kind of bookish student, all would try hard to tidy up himself, hoped that tonight they could dance with his beloved girl, in the witness of that pair of moons, to harvest a sweet love.
Trotted out of the library zone H, walked through that quiet woods, made sure nobody found out that he came out from the H1 area, Sheilor finally relaxed down, breathed out a long stuffy, slowed down the walking speed. At this time he had his hands in the pockets on the pants, the backpack on his back, just looked like a very normal student. Until he walked out for a long time, then he met several excitedly discussing something students, but also nobody paid attention to him.
Walked along the grass by the Rose riverside, the shy floated down the small snowflakes, fell down on the withered and yellow grass. Sheilor took off the cap, rubbed on his that slightly wet black hair, somewhat anxiously took out the cell to take a look, then he found out that it’s already 11:00 AM at this time. He couldn’t help to have the self-mockery smile on the corners of his mouth, he had already slept hours in the mecha incredibly. When the two mechas had the fight training just now, he still thought that it’s just the four or five o’clock in the early morning.
Thought of earlier that scene, especially later the roof of the fight training room was opened, that moment of countless cheers and applauses and countless eyes cast over, Sheilor’s couldn’t help to beat up quickly. At this time he had already judged, it’s not a simple place, and he had the fight with the mecha office students of the First Military Academy by mistake, and fell in the eyes of many people, he couldn’t help to feel the shock and fear.
Escaped from the East Forest Region for a year, Sheilor sometimes would forget his fugitive identity subconsciously, and then seemed not careful enough, but… today he would manipulated the mecha in front of so many people incredibly, and even used the antique simulation system at the last moment, used that share of magical power in his body… although that magical power, wouldn’t be no longer shown out with the typical tremble way. But Sheilor still worried very much, whether the last blow of the black mecha would alarm some aspects of the federation?
The slightly regret emerged in his heart, he stepped on the frozen stiff and crisp by the snow grains grass, walked to the backdoor’s iron gate of the Pear Garden university. Perhaps the die without a sickness of the young man’s first love, perhaps the encounters in these days, let him always hide the anger fire in the heart, then he would be confused to this stage, made this kind of mistake.
Kacha, kacha… along with the steps walking forward, the regret in his heart was also getting lighter and lighter. Since it had become the established fact, it didn’t have any benefit to regret for it, Sheilor always was a come straight to the point people. He had a pat on the cheek with the hand, blew out a white fog, lowered his head and kept walking forward. He thought in his mind, if somebody really came to check on the black mecha, at most he would  change his identity again, left the Pear Garden university, and went to another place to have another kind of life.
But… just somewhat seemed to be loathe to leave, somewhat hated to part with the Pear Garden university this like snow pear flower. The like snow flower white, like snow flower pure and nice, but sometimes cold like snow… that girl. And shielding this rogue officer friend, and that having night snacks every night weak rich childe.
Sheilor that hurried footsteps slowed down, that like two knives eyebrows were getting supple gradually, finally he stood by the side of the Rose river, found out that at this time, he had already had the different state of mind from that one when he just escaped from the East Forest, he had the worry. Love and friendship this kind of things… was the burden, but he liked this kind of burden very much.
Looked at the thin ice and the light fog on the river, Sheilor narrowed his eyes slightly, just as if he was smiling. He had already made up his mind, he wouldn’t be hurry to leave, but instead, he would want to see whether today this scene would cause any problems, if there nobody could check out the people in the black mecha was him, then why would he have to leave?
Just at this time, the light violin melody sounded up. Sheilor was in a daze slightly, took out the cell phone from the pocket and put it by the ear, then he hear Shielding that lazy but particularly charming voice, “where are you? I didn’t see you in the comprehensive gymnasium, I am at the gatehouse now, but also couldn’t find you.”
“I am reading the books by the river.” Sheilor’s voice was hoarse because of nervousness.
“Read what fucking book… I ordered two sets of suits for tonight’s dancing party, you hurry up to come over here, I will go to pick them up with you.”
Sheilor laughed, knew the other party was worry about him, he this dull guy didn’t know the rules of the party, couldn’t help to feel a little warm in the heart, “thank you.” he said.
“Thank a fart, you this guy had the heritage, the cost is on you.”
Sheilor was helpless, wanted to say that he had already had the suit, but then he thought of that the clothes were bought by Charming, couldn’t help to feel sour in the heart, and he also really not particularly dared to stay in the campus at this time, “I am coming right away.” he said.
“No, I have something urgent at this time.” on the other side of the phone, Shielding’s voice suddenly became calm, “you go there first, I will go to look for you later.”
Sheilor put the cell phone back to the pocket, put the cap even lower, covered his that slightly frown up eyebrows. He heard the sudden change in Shielding’s voice, always felt that the other party had something on his mind, but he didn’t know what was happening, Shielding was always a mysterious person, perhaps it’s because of his profession?
Sheilor felt a bit worry and walked to the iron gate of the Pear Garden university, all the way, he saw a lot of students just coming out from the comprehensive gymnasium. These students were not only the students of the Pear Garden university, but also a lot of students wearing university town other schools’ uniforms. The same thing was, these students all had the residual excited expression, the eyes all were shining with the proud and excited light. The discussing voices even could be heard without end, sounded up in the early winter woods trails and the teaching buildings.
These students were talking about the previous two mecha fight drills, especially the last the black mecha and the silver mecha that fight. The Pear Garden university had a mysterious student pilot, manipulated the prototype mecha, incredibly could fight draw with the ace student of the First Military Academy, beyond all questions, this let all the university town students feel the pride and glory.
They talked about it excitedly, even some students couldn’t help to swing the bodies, began to imitate the black mecha that last swift and fierce kick. Although they all knew, the control level of the silver mecha seemed to be a bit higher, the last broke abdomen blow, was also extremely strong. But their attentions, were still staying on that black mecha.
The wearing hat Sheilor, walked quickly by these students, although he didn’t intend to hear about it, but those black mecha and so on words and phrases, still kept pouring into his ears. 
The more he heard, the more he felt complicated. Knew the last one fought with him the silver mecha was really the ace student of the First Military Academy, he also couldn’t help to feel somewhat happy. But when he saw those students laughed on the one side, imitated the black mecha holding the abdomen to run on the other side, inevitably felt somewhat embarrassed. 
He just wanted to cover his face to run away in a hurry, how would he care about the so-called demeanor and image problem of the pilot.
Went back to the belonged to him the bedroom of the gatehouse, Sheilor finally relaxed down completely, he drank a bowl of cold water, supplemented the previous lost moisture, relieved the terrible hunger in the belly a bit. Carried the backpack into the bathroom, he carefully took down that mirror, the ceramic tile behind the mirror basically had been emptied by him, it’s enough to put in a backpack.
Hidden the backpack well, Sheilor thought for a moment slightly, and then pried up a ceramic tile below, took out that called “knife” by him the electric shock stick, put it on the body. He didn’t know what would happen in the next few days, it’s better to be a bit careful. Last time he met Hook those people outside of the club, if he had the electric shock stick by his side at that time, he also wouldn’t be at the end of his wits under the cold gun, had to take the risk to fight with empty hand.
Before he left the room, he turned on the light screen on the wall subconsciously, on the campus network kept flashing and rolling the post titles, appeared on the screen, mapped into his eyes, let his expression become extremely rich, his body also was shocked in situ.
“Black mecha… where at you? We are calling you!”
“The comprehensive gymnasium live post, the big reversal of the black mecha!”
“Why the mecha is so black? It’s the same reason as the dark horse.”
“Behind holding the abdomen to run, what the legend of the Pear Garden university really want to hide?”
“The proud First Military Academy walked away dejectedly, why the potential genius is always among the people?”
These were the on top several posts, and beneath the kept rolling posts list, also basically was occupied by today that scene happened in the comprehensive gymnasium. In the information extremely developed Capital Planet Circle, the campus network kept broadcasting live the mecha fight in the comprehensive gymnasium, didn’t know that it had attracted the attentions of how many people. Especially that black mecha disappeared strangely in the end, countless besides the applause and cheers, began to guess the true identity of the black mecha, countless launched the finding black mecha activities.
How long it just passed, actually it had already cause such a sensation? Sheilor was inconceivable, stunned to look at those texts on the screen. At earlier that moment when the roof was opened, he had already known that the mecha fight situation, had already fallen into the eyes of countless people, he also saw those discussing excitedly on the road earlier. But he really didn’t think of, just a mecha fight drill, could let the students of the whole university town to be excited like this.
Sheilor looked at the screen, somewhat inexplicably scratched his head, the eyes narrowed up habitually, raised his hand, pointed open one of the HD video link post, the picture on the light screen in the very short time, shifted to the federal largest video website Tomato… 
Looked at that clumsy black mecha moved on the picture, looked at that moving matchlessly rapid silver mecha, Sheilor opened his eyes wide gradually, watched without a break. Once he thought of that earlier countless people were just like himself, stared at comprehensive gymnasium that extremely huge light screen, and he was in the light screen but didn’t know, then he felt somewhat weird.
On the picture, the black mecha fell down, stood up, and then six seconds flashed past, the black mecha in the impossible situation, split out that kick!
In the march modes conversion, in that very short time, the lower part armor of the mecha would have the problem. Sheilor looked at every picture, the mood was getting calm and peace gradually. He studied harder than anyone, all the M series structure drawings he could find in the Pear Garden university, he all remembered in his brain, those firmly remembered data and the technology, which uncle taught him by unconsciously influenced in the East Forest Region, mixed together, let him have a kind of intuitionist judgment to the mecha, so he could catch accurately the fleeting opportunity…
This really could be attributed to the intuition, it’s nothing to do with that magical power and the information transmission channel in his body. Only this kind of intuition could be attributed to the mass information acquisition and the practice all the year round, then he could have the natural feeling with the mechanical components.
Knew where the only possible loophole of the silver mecha was, but also should have the ability to catch this loophole, Sheilor’s control level was still far not the opponent of the ace students of the First Military Academy, but he had the ability which the other party absolutely couldn’t have, that was the tremble in his body.
The had been eliminated by the federation for many years antique control system, combined with the strong independent control ability in his body, could let the mecha make the move usually absolutely couldn’t make!
Thirty degree angle, only the thirty degree angle, Sheilor looked at the picture quietly, a flicker of happy smile floated on the corners of his mouth. Thought of on the Antique Bell, that fat captain split at him that leg… the black mecha that kick on the picture, looked like that it had already had a bit of verve of captain Tim that swift and fierce leg.
Sheilor took a deep breath, a share of unclear emotion began to overflow in his chest, perhaps it’s called confidence, perhaps it’s called joy or something else. After all he was just a young man, every victory and progress in the life, all would let hem happy, even if today’s happy was extremely risky and confused.
He faintly understood the true usage of that power in his body, also understood how uncle could calmly face the whole squad of the federal special mechas at that time.
In this world, only uncle and him could understand, the human body itself was the first sequence machine, the mecha was only the extension of this machine. Also only uncle and him could use that share of powerful strength in the body, through the means which had already been eliminated by the federation, or like uncle that fantastic way… to control the mecha directly with the human body!


Chapter 36
The Young People In The GU Shop

Sheilor should be satisfied, but wasn’t satisfied, the should have excitement also was not that strong as what people widely believed. He took a look at the picture that the black mecha left in discomfiture in the end, just had a smile happily.
His interest still stayed in the machine maintenance aspect, although manipulating the mecha could really bring him the pleasant sensation, but after all, that was not his life goal.
The war between the federation and the empire had already come to the end for more than ten years, in the peace became the habit gradually era, Sheilor didn’t have the plan to join the army, of course he didn’t think that becoming a pilot manipulating the mecha would be his future choice.
Perhaps it was because the encounter boss uncle had and the forced exile he had, and after he came to the Capital Planet Circle, the privileged class such like the Chad siblings that he had seen, let Sheilor has not too much good feeling and sense of trust to the federal government. By comparison with it, actually he had the much better impressions to the anti-government side which was lead by senator Medellin. 
Of course, if the empire flagrantly invaded the federation once again in the future, Sheilor also wouldn’t fled far away just because he detested the government, he would certainly have the obligation as a federal citizen.
Just in a moment, Sheilor associated his many years later future life with the picture of the black mecha, this kind of absent-minded to him, besides to have the machine maintenance work, was rare to happen. The abdomen suddenly made the very loud sound, Sheilor took a look below with the wry smile, nearly was knocked out by that strong hunger sensation.
Uncle Fengyu passed on him that set of strange movements and the mysterious power in the body, besides that kind of tremble was too conspicuous, the biggest drawback was, probably the hunger sensation every time after he employed the power. Earlier ran out from the H1 area, the been under the tension state Sheilor, didn’t notice this point, but when he was relaxed at this moment, suddenly felt that the hunger could really kill a man.  
The picture on the light screen was back on the BBS of the school network, a marked red post got into Sheilor’s eyes. He was startled to looked at that obviously was a girl student, with the extremely anthomaniac tone, asked that holding the abdomen to run black mecha prince, to be her dancing partner in tonight’s dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival…
The key was that the girl also attached her photos on it, so the online comments were all the scolds, mainly were the girls scolding. And the in absolute hunger condition Sheilor, turned off the light screen immediately, held his abdomen and ran out from his bedroom. Once he thought of the face of that girl student, it seemed that he was full just in a moment.
In the most prosperous business district of the Coastal state, there was a most quiet street. The prosperous and quiet were not contradictory, the so-called keeping quiet in a noisy neighborhood was a kind of style, it represented some certain kind of sending out money ink scent pure and lofty. On this about two hundred meters long quiet street, gathered in the most famous luxury shops of the federation, the elegant decoration but having the polish front, the number was not a lot but everyone had the reserved face customers, all fully showed the attitude to reject the poor far away.
It was just after the noon, the honor identity, or the rich family property customers all wouldn’t choose the floating snow slightly this time to come shopping. But the in uniform ladies of that called GU famous brand clothes shop, still maintained the very standard smile, held the hands in the abdomen, very politely looked at the air outside, just as if there would show up a spend gold on one throw rich childe.
Ding dong the crisp sound, that quite have the antique feel little copper bell sounded up at the door, the wearing the fit uniform female service personnel all had the spirit a lift, the smile was even more gentle, to meet go forth. But when they saw that coming in young man, the smile couldn’t help to have a stiff, almost couldn’t hold the always strictly abided etiquette image. 
Because the came in along with the slight snow young man, wearing the student uniform which was very common in the university town. In such a cold weather, still wearing so thin, the cloth was somewhat old, really not like a what the rich. In this world, those like dallying deceitful trick and playing the poor rich childes, these ladies had seen too many. But they also knew it better, those rich childes just like to play, but nobody would like to deliberately give his own body a hard time in this kind of damn weather.
The fact let them more confirmed that this young man didn’t have any purchase ability was… while this young man was walking to the inside of the shop, he was also looking at the price tags on the clothes with a kind of staggered expression. The most incredible thing was, in his hand he still held three deep-fried dough pies, which was only could be bought on the small booth in the university town… the most made the store employees hard to bear thing was, these three deep-fried dough pies had the same notch, obviously this young man ate these three deep-fried pies at the same time, and swallowed so much just in one bite…
The poor starved like this, entered the famous by rare clothes shop, could it be said that he would come in to buy anything? The on duty manager had her face changed slightly, but still had a smile to that young man, and then motioned with her eyes a female employee to go forward to serve him. Although she was not very willing, let the deep-fried dough pie smell on this young poor student to ruin the light perfume smell of the store, but nobody could deprived the right that the poor could stroll around the store, she also couldn’t, but only could think a way to let this perhaps come in to avoid the snow young poor student.
“Sir, do you need anything we could help?” a female employee asked in a soft voice.
The staring at the price tags on the clothes in a daze Sheilor came back to himself, suddenly noticed that this delicate and pretty employee, had her eyes not that eye-catching to slide on the deep-fried dough pies which on his hand, then he found out his improper behavior, he had a smile with apology, “I am sorry, too starving.”
That female employee had a smile with difficulty, didn’t say anything, but her expression had already faintly shown the unwelcome meaning. Sheilor couldn’t help to have a sigh in his heart, silenced for a moment and then said, “I come to pick up some clothes.”
“Pick up some clothes?” that female employee was in a daze slightly, somewhat couldn’t believe her ears. The order to make clothes of the store was very expensive, this young poor student affirmed that he didn’t come to the wrong place? She repeated it once subconsciously, “Are you sure?”
These three words were very impolite, even the good temper Sheilor, the eyebrows also frowned up slightly. The on duty manager over another side also knew that her subordinate made the mistake, walked to this side in a hurry, tried to ease the atmosphere. But Sheilor just shook his head, “Shielding ordered two sets of suits, please bring them out to let me take a look.” he said.
This was the first time he walked into a place really belonged to the wealthy people, especially when he thought of that these two sets of suits would cost him tens of thousand dollars in a moment, Sheilor thought of that only three hundred something thousand dollars left in his card, then he was in a daze. 
Heard the words such like what that female employee said, anybody would get angry, but Sheilor wouldn’t care for it at all, after all it’s not those dramas in the channel 23, could it be said that he would really take out the gold card, bought all the clothes in this store, let these female employee feel ashamed, had the love feeling to him?
Playing the ringer surely would feel good, but the problem was the he really didn’t have that much of money, Sheilor thought with a forced smile. Then he took over those two sets of clothes, took out that bank card, and was ready to pay for them.
At this time, the on duty manager and that female employee had already apologized repeatedly, and the rest of the female employees in the store also drove the stunned meaning off their faces successfully, just felt that there were more and more weird things in this world.
“The fitting room is inside over there, please come with me.” the on duty manager didn’t took over that credit line was not low bank card. She just asked Sheilor to go with her to the inside, left not trace to take a look at the in his hand deep-fried dough pies, which were bit into the crescent by him, said with a smile, “do you want us to wrap up your food right now first?”
Looked at that spunky young man in the floor mirror, Sheilor felt somewhat satisfied with this dark color suit. He adjusted the collar position carefully, slanted his head a bit, and took a few more looks, the got rid of the keenly feel heart a little bit. 
This set of the lightly bright dark color suit was very fit, Sheilor also didn’t know how the store could do it, he could only admire the eyes Shielding this FBI agent, incredibly he could remember his figure so clearly.
“It’s very suitable for you.” in order to make up the mistake her employee made, the female manager accompanied all the way personally, she gave the comment very shortly and politely, let the people feel cheerful in the heart when he heard the words. 
“I am still waiting for another friend to try the clothes.” Sheilor held back the looking to the outside of the window eyes, said to this female manager.
The female manager had a gentle smile, pointed to a quiet area on a corner of the store and said, “you can wait over there for your friend, our store would prepare some cakes and coffee, you are welcomed to try it.”
Sheilor had a smile, the mood became a bit better, walked over there. Of course he wouldn’t be against to have the free food, he still felt very hungry at this time anyway.
The female manager had already accompanied with him to walk to there, her mood was very as well. She didn’t expect that the temper of this young man would be so good incredibly, although earlier her employee made such an impolite mistake, but the other party also didn’t make a play of it.
The thing made her feel even better was, although today the Coastal state had the snow slightly, the weather was so awful, but it just passed the noon, several groups of customers had already shown up in the store, it seemed that today’s sell performance should be very good.
As the manager of the store, of course she knew it clearly that tonight would be the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival. But the rich children among those students had already ordered their full dresses long ago. Today suddenly several groups of customers showed up in the store, but just didn’t know what kind of reason made them in such a hurry.
“The time is urgent or not, it’s nothing to do with me, I just hope that you can do it for me.” a cold and proud voice sounded in the store.
That was a group of young men and women picking the full dresses, the talking one was a young man about twenty years old, his companions all picked their full dresses well with good luck at this time, but only he didn’t pick the suitable garment. If ordered the full dress in the store, it’s needed to do it a very long time in advance, everyone knew about this clearly, but the time was really urgent, so he has some worry.
The manager went over to meet him, explained a few words, but still couldn’t get the understanding of the other party, couldn’t help to heave a sigh in the heart. 
When this groups of customers came into the store, she had already known that these were the people in the VIP list. But she just couldn’t understand, why these bit shots, normally only would show up in the Capital District or the first big city New Jersey, why today would show up in the Coastal state at the same time. 
Sheilor was sitting on the sofa, having the cakes, drinking the coffee, enjoying the spring-like heating, and waiting leisurely for Shielding. He didn’t pay attention to the troubles over there, because that didn’t have anything to do with him. But he didn’t expect, the trouble found him in the next moment.
“This friend, your figure seems to be similar to mine, I like your this suit very much, I have some emergencies tonight, take it off, I will pay you ten times of the price.”
Sheilor was stunned to look up, saw that young man was looking at him and said with a condescending tone. Sheilor was always willing to help people, but he wouldn’t be a bitch, especially this guy spoke seemingly peaceful, but actually had a kind of taken for granted and finger-wagging meaning in his heart…
So Sheilor lowered his head, directly took this man as the air.
“Your this man is very impolite,, we are talking to you, but you dare not to take a look at us incredibly.” another dressed up like a princess proud girl frowned and said, disgusted to look at the kept eating and drinking on the sofa Sheilor.
Sheilor frowned slightly, he just thought that life was not the TV dramas a moment ago, how come he would always hit into this kind of inexplicable things? He looked up, looked at that not ugly, even somewhat pretty proud girl, said seriously, “this girl, your figure is pretty similar to my girl friend’s, she should like your this dress very much, and we also have some emergencies, take it off, I will pay you twice the price.”
That man was willing to pay ten times the price, but Sheilor was just willing to pay double the price, the same words stabbed back just like this. That explained that a gentle and composed character young man, occasionally to be mean, also had the quite strong lethality.
Heard the words, that group of young men and women all were dumbfounded at the same time, seemed to not expect, there would be somebody talking back with this kind of calm and sarcastic tone. That pretty proud girl, even got mad and had the angry fire in her eyes.
Sheilor looked at her and that man by her side, gently he said, “I know this is a very impolite request, so I take it back.”
His point was quite clear, what you did like this was very impolite, either you took it back, or you would just become the air in my eyes.
“You are going to attend the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival?” that man looked at the on the sofa Sheilor coldly, “we also will go, perhaps we would meet again then, but I repeat it again, you really don’t want to take off your this suit, in exchange for ten times of the compensation, and my forgiveness to your disrespect earlier?”
Sheilor didn’t expect that the character of these people would be bad to such a degree, thought of the Chad siblings he met in front of the nightclub, thought that probably these so-called born with the silver spoon people, would be all this impolite. The other party also would attend the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival tonight? A routine dancing party of a university, why would these guys, obviously not the students of the Pear Garden university, also come to join in the fun?
“You guys are rich people, I am just a poor man.” Sheilor looked at him and shook his head, “you probably won’t see me in the party, as to the disrespect… I forgive you for the disrespect you did to me earlier.” he said.
This sentence came out, the atmosphere in the field became more strange, that group of young and rich men and women looked at the sitting on the sofa Sheilor, as if they were looking at a monster. Sheilor still lowered his head drinking the coffee, but he was cursing why Shielding would choose a damn place like this, he had to come into a nonhuman clothes store, met a group of nonhuman people.
This thing was nothing to do with Shielding, it’s just a chance encounter, of course this group of people would go to attend the dancing party…


Chapter 37
Spies Of The Anti-Government Army

The snow was floating outside of the window, the atmosphere in the pub was very chilly, it was just after noon, no any business. Shielding was holding the cigarette in his mouth like sucking a lollipop, watched the red light flashing on the cigarette butt attentively, was in the sheer boredom. His that pair of beautiful charming eyes closed to the nose bridge because of this kind of concentration, that seemed somewhat funny.
The wooden door of the pub was pushed open, the chilly air poured in. Shielding took out the cigarette and put it out, pulled out the chair next to him, looked at the grey hair on the sideburns of that man, “what do you want to drink?” he asked.
“The liquor.” the bureau chief of the Coastal sat down, said the words directly. Shielding that pretty brows frowned slightly, to this his former teacher, later the guide of his career and the single contact superior, he knew pretty well. He knew that the other party was always carefully, not particularly willing to drink. But he didn’t ask anything, made a snap, called the bartender to bring a glass of liquor. 
“The Tai family seemed to have already contacted with senator Palmer.” the chief was nearly choked by the liquor, he spoke in a soft voice, while he was coughing, “if Palmer could get the support of the Tai Family, the presidential election of next year, his odd of victory would increase a bit more.”
“The Tai family… has been very low-key, so low-key that most of the federal people have already its existence.” Shielding admitted that actually before he gathered the intelligence for this action, he also didn’t pay too much attention to this once been glorious for numerous generation former royal family. He raised his glass and took a sip, “even their family once possessed the whole federation before, but after all, it’s been over sixty something Constitution Calendars, how much hidden power they still have… incredibly still can affect the presidential election?” he asked.
“Don’t underestimate the existence of the seven big families, this is the thing that the history of the federation has already proved. The Tai although is the most secret family, but if we get it stochastically right, it should also be the most powerful family among the seven big families.”
The chief lowered his head, said with a slight worried voice, “perhaps they couldn’t let a person to be elected the president directly, but they could let the campaign opponent of one certain people lose easily.”
“Destruction is always much easier that construction, I understand this.” the eyes of Shielding were very calm, “but although I always cast the disgusted eyes to the politicians, but I also have to admit, the came from the East Forest Palmer is one alien in the politicians. If in these many years, the moral standard and the steadfast and earnest in his work are all disguised, I have to say, it’s very successful for senator Palmer to play the saint.”
“You understand what I mean.” Shielding continued, “if Palmer could become the federal President, for the organization, it should be the best choice. At least, if we want to have the peace negotiation, we also don’t need to worry about the federal government, they wouldn’t be unsteady like those previous villains.”
The chief waved his hand, said, “the moral sense can’t represent anything, in his campaign program and the political practices in these years, Palmer always carefully didn’t reveal any attitude about the four states surrounding the mountains… about the relationship between the federal government and us, what is his actual opinion, nobody knows. If Palmer in the influence of those hawks of the federation in the future, choose to have the strong offensive attitude to the organization…”
Shielding noticed the anxiety was filled in the forehead of the chief.
The chief heaved a sigh and said, “now the four states surrounding the mountains, seem to be covered by the joy of that the end of the civil war and the coming of the peace. The senator Medellin that side has been always insisting on the principles of non-violence, in order to keep the unity of the comrades, the organization couldn’t have the adequate preparation for the war. If… after Palmer was elected the President, choose to have the military crackdown to the four states surrounding mountains, I am very afraid, our companions would be completely routed.”
“The present President is a timid and overcautious incompetent guy, but Palmer is totally different.” chief said with worry, “a came from the miner family President, presumably that he must set up the extremely great ideal when his was very young, the character of this kind of people is firm and persistent, absolutely wouldn’t allow in the federation, especially inside of the Capital Planet Circle, still have organization this kind of anti-government armed forces existed.”
“But this is just all the advanced worry.” Shielding took a look at the chief and said, “today you risk to meet me with the excuse of getting teacher and student together, I don’t think that you just want to tell me this.”  
The chief shook his head, looked at the snow outside of the window, suddenly said in a low voice, “I just feel that there will be something happened lately, so I come to meet, if there are really something happened in the future, I will delete your file in the first time… besides me, only him in the organization knows that the eagle in the Coastal state is you. You know, he never pays attention to the specific affairs, even you want to get away, the organization also wouldn’t notice… then you could be truly free.”
This words was very ominous, the two most successful spies, the anti-government army arranged in the federal government, Shielding and the chief had already had the psychological preparation to sacrifice at any time. But when Shielding suddenly heard the words, his eyebrows still couldn’t help to frowned, he looked at his teacher quietly, opened his mouth and said slowly, “freedom… really is a thing that I like very much, but I don’t hope to use your death as the condition.”
He patted his teacher on the shoulder, said in a soft voice, “I am really tired in these years, constantly send the intelligence back to the surrounding mountain four states, but at the same time, still have to look at Medellin that old bastard keep leering to the federal government, I feel very uncomfortable in the heart… but teacher you should know it clearly, I can persist to today, that is because I agree with the idea of the organization, this world really needs some changes, but the organization never will put the assassination and the terrorist attack, which would likely spread to the civilians, as the combat way… I just hope that this concept could keep going.”
Shielding leaned back to the dermal sofa, lit a cigarette, in the smoke he said slowly, “if one day, the organization go against this principle, then I also have to break away from the organization, even if perhaps I would meet the killing chase.”
“What do you want to say?” the chief frowned and looked at his proud disciple, “whether it’s about the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival? What have you found?”
“I just don’t understand, why the organization would care about the adult ceremony of that prince so much… that senator Medellin sent that know nothing little girl here, I would understand something faintly.” Shielding flipped the ash a bit, said calmly, “the seven big families are the people had the biggest vested interest, I don’t think that the Tai family will have the possibility to cooperate with us. Under this kind of circumstance, cost this huge price to obtain this intelligence, what is the point indeed?”
“You think that the organization will use the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival to have the assassination aimed at that prince?” the chief said seriously.
“Yes, besides this, I couldn’t think of any other possibility.”
“The organization seldom to have the assassination action aimed at the federal public figure, because this would greatly damage the image of the organization.” the chief looked at Shielding in the eyes very sternly and said, “moreover the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival is held in the university town, there are too many innocent citizens… your such a speculation, itself is the disrespect to the organizational belief.”
“I don’t trust anyone, except you.” Shielding didn’t give up his own inference in his teacher’s stern eyes, “and if the organization really want to have the assassination action aimed at the successor of the Tai family, you and I know nothing about it at all, that can only explain that we must be that part going to be abandoned.”
“You can’t persuade me, because the organization assassinate the successor of the Tai family, it doesn’t bring any benefit to our cause.”
“Expose and criticize the crimes the seven big families had in the history, itself is the doctrine of the organization.” Shielding narrowed his eyes slightly, “and just like what you said earlier, the Tai family has already contacted with the senator Palmer, you also analyzed that the senator Palmer could draw close to the hawks… in that case, why the organization wouldn’t get rid of his biggest help before he can become the President?”
“The Tao family seven generations more than only this heir.” Shielding kept analyzing calmly, “if we said that this family is the most horrific existence in the federation, but in a certain way to see, actually it is also the most fragile existence. As long as this heir is dead, this family will be broken apart because of the problem of vacant succession.” 
The chief kept silence for a long time, he suddenly wanted to meet Shielding this student today, actually also because he had some doubts about the actions of the organization in the most recent period. No matter the senator Medellin, or those decisive big shots inside of the federation, all had the necessity to show nicely to the Tai family and the successor of the Tai family. But only the resisted the federation for decades anti-government army, didn’t have the reason to care for the trace of the successor of the Tai family, unless big shots of the upper lever in the organization really have some thoughts.”  
After the long silence, the chief opened his mouth and said slowly, “but have you thought it over? In the Coastal state of the federal Capital Planet, want to assassinate the prince of Tai family, this basically is a mission impossible to be accomplish… even there are some militants in the organization, but I think that it shouldn’t have that many fools.”
“I believe in this, even I also spent several months, then confirmed the exact location of that prince, that could explain the strength and caution of the other party.” Shielding shrugged his shoulders and said, “I just hope that you would be careful a bit more lately… pay a bit more attention to the people and intelligence come from that side.”
“What are you going to do about it?” the chief drank up the rest of the amber liquor slowly, asked with the slightly red face.
“Tonight will be the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, I will go there to watch myself, no matter who the organization there sent over here to execute this plan, I will let him fail.” the tone of Shielding was very calm.
“You this is against the organization.”
“I also don’t hop that there will be this kind of thing happened, but if the organization really want to do this behind our two people’s backs… without the trust, only the shameless use and the silence us afterward, then I wouldn’t be the people of the organization any more.”
The chief heave a sigh, looked at this normally very lazy, but floated the cold light like the knife at this time young officer, “perhaps we just think too much, perhaps tonight the dancing party is just a vanity fair ball of the rich children, or perhaps the upper lever of the organization really just want to change the thinking, tried to contact with the real power class of the federation, in order to seek a more gentle future.”
Shielding frowned slightly, laughed, raised the glass and toasted to the other party, “if so, that will be the best. The intelligence last time said that there is a very strange rule in the adult ceremony of the Tai family, if we want to get in touch with that prince, we don’t have that many girl students in the organization like what the senator Medellin has… although I am also beautiful, but I am a man after all, right?”
The chief laughed ha ha, “our moral quality would never be so bad.” after a moment he calmed down, said with a smile, “the upper level of the organization has the latest instruction, order you to try every possible means to contact that prince.”
“Shit, why do you just say it by now.” Shielding was in a daze for a moment and then scolded it out, “it looks like that it shouldn’t have any problems for the dancing party tonight?”
“Or still should be a bit careful!” the chief patted him on the shoulder.
“Then I am leaving first, I have an appointment with a friend, has been late for a long time.”
Shielding walked in the snow, in the quiet street of the Coastal state, walked to the direction of the clothes store. But after he didn’t walk too far away, he frowned slightly, took a look at the watch on his wrist. He pushed open the cover on it, just saw a line of words shown on the hidden display screen.
“Don’t worry about the dancing party, because he came, the address is…”
Shielding was in a daze, could contact him with this kind of way, only that just left teacher, that the surface identity was the FBI director of a bureau old guy. Obviously that this old guy also just received this intelligence, when he transmitted it to him, because he felt abnormally happy or excited, then he would say it so lack of standardization.
Shielding was stunned to see that line of words, looked at that “He” word in it. Suddenly he felt that the thing was really so absurd, he still mentioned him earlier in the talking with his teacher, then he had already come?
Just why he would come to the Coastal state, how dare he would come? If really he came to here, it looked like that the attitude of the organization to the dancing party, would really be in favor of peace, because the organization couldn’t let him come to take the risk.
The snow fell on his long eyelashes, Shielding forgot to whisk it off. He couldn’t believe to look at the words on the watch, thought of that big shot he was about to meet, couldn’t help to feel a burst of palpitation.
Every spy has his own code name to facilitate the single line contact, Shielding his own code name is Eagle, the code name of his teacher is Liquor. Shielding also knew some colleagues arrested by the federation unfortunately, such like the had already sacrifice the Swallow and the Crow… there are so many spies famous because of the code name in the human history. But in period of this Constitution Calendar, the most fierce spies almost all came from the anti-government army of the four states surrounding the mountains. Because on the top of the spy system of the anti-government army, there was a code name “He” character.
He was the number two character of the anti-government army, the chummiest comrade-in-arms of the leader of the anti-government. In the eyes of Shielding these people, he was the very amazing professional-- the existence of this kind of high level leader, incredible the federation didn’t have the enough identity information and data about him all the time.
The anti-government army had already resisted in the four states surrounding the mountains for many years, but it’s incredibly that there was nobody in the federation knew, what the number two character of the other party exactly looked like. Just by this point, that had already proved his greatness.
In the light snow and the breeze, Shielding couldn’t help to make a chills, thought of that he was going to pick up that person right away, and then… attend the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival? He came to the Coastal state, of course for meeting that prince of the Tai family, just what contents the anti-government army could talk with the Tai family?
Even the seawall busted in the front, Shielding still could maintain the calm in the heart and the lazy smile on the face. But when he knew about this intelligence, he still couldn’t help to have his mind shook a bit.
For the last several years, he obtained a lot of the federal intelligences for the anti-government army, helped the people in the four states surrounding the mountains, not only could survive successfully in the battles, but also help the moderates of the anti-government army to seek a large number interests in the local elections. 
Could say it this way, he was the most successful spy of the anti-government in the last few years, but when he was about to face the boss of the boss of his direct boss… faced that nobody had ever seen the face “He” Shielding didn’t have any confidence.
To ensure the absolute safety of He in the Coastal state, and also arranged him to meet that young man in the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, the huge pressure let Shielding to wrinkled up his eyebrows in a flash.
This kind of pressure also let him until after walked into the clothes, then found out the abnormal situation over there. Heard the specific contents of conflict over there, just needed to take a glance, Shielding had already guessed the purpose of that group of rich men and women, he narrowed his eyes slightly, walked directly to there, said to the still drinking the coffee Sheilor, “ready to go?”
Although Sheilor took that group of men and women as the air, but actually he was also somewhat angry. When he found out that Shielding finally came, couldn’t help the breathed out a sigh of relief, he stood up and asked him, “do you want me to accompany you to try the clothes?”
“No need.” Shielding narrowed his eyes to take a look at those people, a flicker of indifference revealed in his eyes, “manager, how many pairs of shoes in the store? I will take them all.”
That group of rich men and women, earlier were just having the conflict with Sheilor, at this time saw the coming of the companion of that boy, just ready to have the outburst in advance, but didn’t expect that Shielding would have the outburst in advance incredibly.
Everything in the store was very expensive, if said that he would buy all the shoes in the store, how much money that would cost? Although these noble identity people in the field all had this kind of financial capacity, but nobody would do this kind of like nouveau riche thing.
The man who wanted Sheilor to take off the dress at first, looked at Shielding with a mock and said, “please keep performing.”
But Shielding ignored him totally, directly pulled that pretty manager to checkout. The female manager had seen those liked to flaunt wealth freaks before, but she still felt that requested to pack all the shoes… really was somewhat weird. Sheilor was dumbfounded to follow behind him, he asked, “where do you have this much of money?”
“Do you have a back card?” Shielding said.
Sheilor had a wry smile and lowered his voice to say, “there are still several hundred thousand left, a pair of shoes will cost thousands over here, it’s not enough to buy all of them.”
Shielding had a smile extremely kindly, patted him on the shoulder and said, “my brother, you still didn’t know how much the limit of your that card… it can be overdraft, and the limit is very amazingly high…”
Sheilor took out the Three Forest United Bank card which uncle left to him, and then couldn’t believe his eyes and very distressed to see the charged successfully, at this moment, in the store all the… shoes were belonged to him.
Today the performance of the female was really amazing, she looked at Sheilor smilingly, gave the bank card back to Sheilor with both hands, “hope to see you again.”
Shielding told the other party a certain address, asked them to deliver all the shoes to there the afternoon after. And the patted Sheilor on the shoulder, in the gaze of the store employees, walked out to the outside of the store proudly. 
When they walked by that group of rich kids, the man said with a sneer, “originally there are really a lot of stupid asshole in the Coastal state, incredibly would still play burning money this kind of no taste thing.”
“Stupid bitch, who you are talking about?” Shielding didn’t keep the silence at this time, he turned his body around with a smile, looked at that man and said, “I am just curious to want to know, a group of stupid bitches bought the full dresses, but even don’t have a pair of shoes to match with… when the time go to attend the dancing party, that will be a what kind of diverting scene.”
All the people were distracted for a moment, and then got angry immediately, they just understood at this time, this wearing the crumpled suit guy would be such blackness incredibly. 
In the empire, it’s heard that the place custom-order the dress wouldn’t absolutely make the shoes, and the mix and match also was a kind of very laudatory style. However, in the federation… this would be a thing never work…
“The time is not early now.” Sheilor raised the wrist watch and took a look at it, said very cordially, “I hope that you still can get all the things ready before the dancing party in time, there are still a lot of stores on this street, you guess whether I will buy all their shoes or not?”
Walked in the snow, thought of earlier the wonderful expressions of those rich kids, Sheilor couldn’t help to laugh up loudly. He knew nothing about the etiquette of this kind of upper class of society, but he also could guess, Shielding this trick, surely would let the other party feel very painful. At the next moment, the smile on his face became the helpless distress, he looked at Shielding next to him and said, “this much money, how could I pay it back?”
“You idiot, they deliver tomorrow afternoon, you cancel the deal tomorrow morning.” Shielding didn’t even take a look at him, very despised to say, “I said that you this guy is too honest, bullied by that group of people, didn’t even know how to talk it back? Even don’t know any dirty tricks, how could you live in this society?”
Sheilor scratched the back of his head, waned to say that he had already said a few mean words, but he just had a smile and said, “I just used to fight, not used to talk.”
Shielding was distracted for a moment, thought of that match between Sheilor and that military special soldier in front of the nightclub, couldn’t help to laugh out loudly on the famous brand street.
“I still have something else to do.” in a corner, Shielding stopped the footstep, looked at Sheilor and said with a smile, “probably tonight the dancing party I also have something else to do, you go to play by yourself… maybe you could get that Charming back.”
The pressure of the spy life was always huge, previously had known the coming of “He”, Shielding would go frivolous a bit habitually, vented the anger for Sheilor, also reduced the pressure for himself. But since He was coming, Shielding knew that it’s impossible for him to accompany with Sheilor tonight.
Sheilor could tell the share of heavy in his smile, associated it with the voice in the phone earlier, frowned slightly and asked, “you… whether have some troubles?”
“Big trouble.” Shielding had a wry smile, patted him on the shoulder and said, “let’s go.”
Outside of the central fountain in a very busy food and drink square, he was biting a sausage, while he was waiting the coming of that most mysterious spy chief. He was complaining the synthetic meat taste was not that good in the heart, thought that whether he should ask his teacher to get some more wild animal to eat?
Just at this time, a man walked to his side and asked him, “delicious?”
Shielding looked back, then… saw a look very wretched middle-aged man, was staring at the sausage in his hand, the eyes were shining. He was distracted for a moment, then handed the sausage to him subconsciously.


Chapter 38
He Came From The Mountains

That wretched middle-aged man seemed very hungry, swallowed down the sausage just in one bite, heaved a sigh and said, “fuck, the smuggling spaceship didn’t provide the aviation meal incredibly, it’s really too shameless… young man, where have you been to just now, I was almost starved to death.”
Shielding sucked a gasp and said, “go buy the clothes with a friend.”
“That called Sheilor little porter?” the middle-aged man still had the sausage in his mouth, the speaking was a bit vague, “don’t say it any more, bring me to go to have a meal first.”
Shielding had a wry smile, led the middle-aged man to the restaurant on the third floor, he didn’t need to check what contact code-- could find him in the crowd in a glance, could know that he had a friend named Sheilor, and so wretched and ordinary to let people didn’t want to take a look at him for a second sight-- that only could be He.
In the quiet restaurant, Shielding stared at that middle-aged man on the opposite side of the table, the mood had already emerged from the shock.
Yes, he could never imagine, the dignified number two character of the anti-government army, the let the federal FBI and Secret Service extremely headache, couldn’t wait to eat his meat, bite his bone the “He” would actually be a character such like this. 
Although to be the spy this career, especially the top spy, the look was the more ordinary the better. But no matter how Shielding looked, he always felt the other party… the look was really somewhat ugly.
Shielding was a proud man, after he emerged from the shock, the first sentence he said to his top boss seemed not that respectful, “don’t you know how many people in the federation want you die?”
“Not that many, only four people.” the middle-aged man still lowered his head to deal with the noodles, said vaguely, “the President, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of the Secret Service, and the Director of the FBI… they are just taking care of the wild rabbits, if the Charter Bureau really wants to take care of me, I would have died long time ago.”
Shielding frowned slightly, after the mysterious halo of in front this man disappeared, always let him feel a bit hard to adapt to it. He incredibly still had the good mood to tell the joke at this time, it really somewhat made him hard to endure it, so he couldn’t help to say, “don’t you know, you this kind of identity character show up in the Coastal state suddenly, I would be the most likely killed that man? You are just the second one.” 
The middle-aged man finished the noodles, looked up with a smile and said, “fear death still need to come over, no fear death still need to come over… fear the death or not, I still would bring the sincerity to come over here. Since you join in this career, then you can’t be afraid of death… Eagle you did very well in the last few years, I believe that your arrangement can ensure my safety.”
Heard Eagle this familiar and strange code name, Shielding that beautiful eyebrows were frowned more severely, he asked, “I don’t have any preparation for this, how can I bring you into the dancing party to meet that prince?”
He looked at this federal class most-wanted, always felt that the other party that somewhat twisted face, had the share of he felt very familiar shadow. He stared at the other party in the eyes and the brows, he said, “even you have your face disguised at this time, but it is still too dangerous.”
Was seen through his camouflage by Shielding, the middle-aged man just had a smile slightly, didn’t care about it at all. He knew that this young comrade in front of him had his own pride, he silenced for a moment and then said, “I believe that you could have already got everything ready in this short time.”
Shielding couldn’t help to heave a sigh, brought out an invitation from the bosom and handed it to him, and took out a bag like performing the conjuring tricks and passed it to him, “this is the invitation and the clothes. The problem is… the Field Service always have the strict monitoring to us these employees. You show up like this by my side, and even follow me to go to the dancing party, it’s hard for the others don’t have the doubts. How could I introduce you to the others?”
“You have an uncle called Shield Da.” the middle-aged man said with a smile, “from this moment on, I will be Shield Da. He just finished the research of the outer space ore planet, came back to see you, go to the dancing party and have some fun by the way.”
Shielding almost forgot what his that uncle looked like, he asked, “where is the real Shield Da?”
“He was still having the engineering experiment on the ore planet. If the intelligence of those boys down there is right, these days he should on the trip on vacation. It just so happened, that spaceship we can control.”
Shielding didn’t worry about the careful arrangement of the other party, the intelligence leader of the anti-government army, if he made the mistake even on this kind of things, then he wouldn’t be possible to live for these many years in the hunt of the federation.
He silenced for a moment and said, “I can bring you in, but whether you can meet with the prince, that’s not the thing I can control. You should know it clearly from the return report, until now, the Pear Garden university protects him pretty well, besides the president Nolan, nobody could get close to him… even the siblings of the Chad family also couldn’t.”
“My young man, in fact, sometimes want to contact with some people, doesn’t mean that you have to get a lot of turns. Perhaps the most direct way, also is the most effective way.” the middle-aged man said with a smile, “I am not the spy like you this kind, I only consider the problems directly.”
Shielding gazed at him blankly, thought the most successful spy chief in the thirty seventh Constitution Calendar of the human society, would incredibly said that he was not a spy. If not heard that it’s came out from this legendary figure’s mouth himself, he would certainly consider that this was a very not funny joke.
“You want to meet with the successor of the Tai family, then you must have to use your own true identity. Then after the thing is over, my identity will also be exposed for sure… how the organization is going to arrange me?” involved the most important part, Shielding asked very directly, “I don’t want to face the anger of the whole FBI.”
“The people in the mountains always didn’t have the channels to meet with the real power characters of the federation, after all, we are not the people can show up on the table like the committee member Medellin that kind of people.” the middle-aged man said with a smile, “now this is an opportunity, it is worth the risk. If the negotiation with the other party is very smooth, the other party would employ the power their family have in the federation, conceal everything for us. If the negotiation is not going well… I figure out that it’s hard for me to go back alive. In that case, you go to see George Colin with me together, perhaps it’s also not a bad choice?”
Shielding had his facial expression changed, he didn’t expect that this political leader of the anti-government would say the words such like this. But he sniffed something else out from the words immediately, especially when the other party called the senator the committee member, the committee member was the internal organization title of the anti-government… he frowned and asked, “the mountains… couldn’t hold on much longer?”
The middle-aged man still kept the smile on his face, but the smile had some vicissitude and exclamation in, “the election of the four states surrounding the mountains was successful, the committee member Medellin gains a lot of supports, the insisting to have the own armed forces people… including me, all were somewhat lonely. The assault of the federal army has continued, if the situation keeps developing like this, I don’t know how long the mountains can hold on.”
Shielding kept silence for a long time, he worried about the safety of his those companions in the mountains, but he would like to know even more, this time the organization risked such a huge danger, let “He” come to attend the adult ceremony of the Tai family successor, what kind of interest they really wanted to get. After a moment, he gave up the impulse to inquire about the inside story, said very seriously, “thank you for telling me the truth.”
“I believe the loyalty you have to the belief.”
“Belief doesn’t have anything to do with the loyalty, I just don’t like this federation.” Shielding said smilingly, “actually I have been very curious, besides that too simple code name, what I supposed to call you?”
“You can call me the mountain man.” the middle-aged man said with a smile.
Sheilor didn’t know that tonight the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, had already become the stage for those high-order position people in the federation to show themselves, and even had already become the competition between the two main forces of the anti-government side gradually. He even didn’t know that the center of this vortex was that young man named Charlie Tai. How could he imagine, the friend he knew would be the big shot, could influence the whole federation incredibly.
The dancing would be held in a quiet and beautiful building in the Pear Garden university, the green trees around the building were covered with a layer of ice frost, it’s so beautiful in the shine of the lights.
Sheilor was bored to wait at the entrance for Shielding, he looked up to the sky, found out that the clouds in the sky had already disappeared to nowhere, countless stars were surrounding those two gradually getting closer moons, the scenery was so spacious to make people feel worried more.
Perhaps Charming would show up in the dancing party with that childe of the senator together? Sheilor looked at those two round moons on the sky, narrowed his eyes and though, he felt the ineffable empty in the heart. If not for Shielding would come tonight, perhaps he would rather to stay in the H1 area, to have that seemed never ending level VI training… of course, after that scene happened in the comprehensive gymnasium today, Sheilor also was not so sure, whether he still had the opportunity to enter the H1 area once again.
His shoulder was patted by somebody, he turned around and was very pleased to see Shielding that face, at the same time, he also noticed the hidden heavy under the casual expression of the other party, and by the other party’s side… that middle-aged man.
Originally Shielding didn’t want to meet with Sheilor tonight, but didn’t know why, by his side that bodacious anti-government leader incredibly pointed out the direction of Sheilor, said with a smile that he wanted to come to say hello. 
“I am Shielding’s uncle… you are Sheilor, right? I often heard him to mention you in the letters.” the middle-aged man ha ha smiled at Sheilor and said, “you can also call me uncle.”
Sheilor was distracted for a moment, thought that he never heard Shielding mentioned him before, but he still called him uncle honestly, was unaware the facial expression of Shielding was abnormally rich. 
Just at this time, the eyes of Sheilor became light up, because he saw a rare car drove to the path right in front of the building.
The heavy doors were opened successively, a group of dressing well men and women walked over reservedly. The dressed in red evening dress young lady of the Chad family was walking in the most front, those men and women who he had just seen in the clothes store this afternoon, walked side by side with her, it seemed that their identities were also not that low neither.
The trouble seemed to be coming, Shielding said something to the middle-aged man in a low voice, the middle-aged man just had a smile and shook his head. 
Sheilor didn’t pay attention to these, he was just staring at that girl in the middle of this group of people, that dressed in the light blue silk skirt, walked towards him like a spirit Charming.


Chapter 39
The Conflict Before The Dancing Party

The routine dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, because of the existence of one childe of a noble family, had some very important symbolic meaning. 
No one knew that the adult ceremony of the successor of the former royal family was already over, all because of the arrangement of a guy called Sheilor. Those politicians and famous businessmen knew about the inside information through various channels, sent their next generation in succession, came to attend the dancing party, in order to draw the relationship with the prince of that Tai family. If their daughters could be picked as the future life partner by Charlie Tai, that would be a even more lucky thing.
Of course, the people of the seven big families, those real big shots, surely wouldn’t lower themselves, to come to show their greetings initiatively, or show the attempt to have the connection through the marriage. At most, they would just come to watch the ceremony. As for whether there were the second generation children of those low-key seven big families in the dancing party, nobody knew about it at all.
At this time got off that rare car, walked to the entrance that group of people with the threatening momentum, although they were not the people of the seven big families, but their family backgrounds also were very deep. In the eyes of the federal general public, of course they were the privileged class. 
The walking in the most front of the crowd Youzhi Chad was dressing in a red strapless evening dress, the naked shoulders showed some sexy to the point, but the artful design covered most of her chest, let her have a bit of tender  feeling. It’s different from the apathy that night in front of the nightclub, at this time this miss of the Chad family was full of calm on her face, she looked more like a just into the adolescent girl, but not a arrogant no ordinary girl.
Youzhi Chad recognized those two young men on the steps just in one glance, especially that wearing the hateful smiling and dressed in the black suit beautiful rascal, her eyes suddenly became cold and fire-hot. The cold was because of her mood, the fire-hot was because of her anger. She grew up this big, still never been beat up by anybody. Since she knew the prince, even her parents and her brother would be all very polite to her. Besides this called Shielding FBI small officer… who dared to slap her in the face?
She brought the fellows around her to walk to the steps, suddenly felt the hot on her face.
Only she knew it clearly, these people by her side, their families all had the high status in the federation, today they suddenly came to the Coastal state, to attend the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival of the Pear Garden university, surely had their own thinking… the miss of the Chad family didn’t want the thing, she lost face in the Coastal state, to be known by these people. So she decided to forcibly repress her anger, not looked sideways, just as if she didn’t know that on the steps two men.
These rich men and women walked toward the steps, but those three men on the steps seemed to don’t have the thought to get out of the way. 
Sheilor was because his eyes just looking Charming by the side of the senator’s childe, his mood was so complicated that he forgot to get out of the way.
But the middle-aged man by his side was just watching this scene with a smile, seemed to don’t know to get out of the way.
And Shielding was having too many things on his mind, he was planning the escape thing after the dancing party was over, didn’t have any mood to care about these not grew up enough yet kids… the three men on the steps didn’t get out of the way, it looked like that the both sides would hit into together soon.
The thing beyond Youzhi’s expectation was, she didn’t have the idea to cause any trouble, but those came from the Capital men and women had their faces changed first. These people recognized these blocked their way two young men, were exactly those two people who dishonored them in the clothes store this afternoon.
“The well-educated dogs, would never stop impolitely on the way people walking forward.” that man asked Sheilor to give up the suit in the contempt tone in the clothes store this afternoon, coldly looked at the three men on the steps, said with a kind of sarcastic tone.
Sheilor’s eyes didn’t look at him at all, he just stared at Charming in this group of people on the opposite side, very difficult to open his mouth and said, “you are coming?”
At this time, the middle-aged man said a few words to Shielding in the low voice, it meant that the three men on the steps all seemed to not see that proud man. The response to the provocation was the disregard, which made people feel the humiliation the most, the faces of that man and his companions became even uglier.
Heard the words of Sheilor, the childe of the Coastal state senator Bowie Hang had a smile, lowered his head and took a look at Charming by his side with concern. Charming had already seen on the steps that familiar figure long ago, she lowered her head subconsciously, the long eyelashes were on her white face, she said in a light tone, “yes, you are also coming?”
Heard the answer of Charming, the face of Bowie Hang changed slightly. And this group of men and women also noticed, some problems seemed to happen in these three people. A moment later, that man from the people by his side, knew the gossip news in the Pear Garden university in the previous period of time, a sneer floated on his face.
He got close to Sheilor’s ear and said, “after all, you just a very good luck poor student… seen this scene, your heart is feeling very painful? Where your this afternoon’s arrogance was? Oh, that’s right… miss Chang is not you this kind of people could get close to, wake up, but in the future… if I can have the chance to get close to her and hold her hands, I bound to relay the feelings and experiences to you. You know that I never played with a girl from the four states surrounding the mountains.”
The speaking voice of this guy was very light, besides Sheilor and Shielding by his side, no other people could hear what exactly he was saying.
From the beginning, when Sheilor saw that Charming was walking in with the senator childe like a little bird, his mood had already fallen to the bottom. When he heard this words at this time, he then came back to himself, walked a step back, seemed to be away from the bad breath of this man, he looked at that came from the Capital man, asked seriously, “do you want to fight?” 
That man ha ha laughed out loudly, seemed to feel that in today the dancing party this kind of important occasion, incredibly heard this kind of no class threat, it’s a very interesting thing, he shook his head and said with a smile, “I’m not you this kind of savage and impolite student… I won’t do fight this kind of thing, but if I have the opportunity, I can let you try the black-and-blue taste.”
When he finished the last sentence, the facial expression of this man had already become very cold. He had already made up his mind, once the dancing party was over, he must let his bodyguards, gave this dared not to give him face young student a most profound lesson. He thought that his this words were very appropriate, had the honor very much…
However, Sheilor didn’t care about what he said, raised his fist, a boxing smashed on his face, just heard a stuffy sound, two streams of blood stormed out from the nostrils of this childe, a front tooth flied out!
“Since you want to fight, then let’s fight.”
Sheilor repeated it once, another fist swung over, directly smashed that childe to the ground. When he swung the fist over, the anger in the chest also was vented out a lot, he didn’t care what kind of trouble he would cause after this. Just like what he spoke to Shielding that way, when facing the unreasonable taunt and the malicious words of other people, this came from the East Forest Region orphan… only used to fight, not used to talk.
The party entrance under the green tree beacons was in a mess, countless attending the dancing party students and teachers cast the concerned eyes. Those in the center of the event people, also couldn’t hide the shock on their faces. They just saw that childe Channing went up there and talked a few words with that blocking the way student, that student then… swung the fist and knocked childe Channing to the ground!
Could it be said that the student was crazy? Even dared to fight in front of these many people incredibly? But the thing made these rich children chilling was, Sheilor didn’t have the crazy feeling, just threw the punches to hit people calmly, this kind of calm even made them feel the unparallel doubt.
In the store this afternoon that pretty girl had a sharp scream, held the rolling down along the steps that man, pointed at Sheilor’s nose with her finger and scolded in shriek, “do you know who we are? How dare you beat my brother incredibly!”
The Energy Committee senator Sun Channing of the Federal Management Committee this pair siblings, absolutely wouldn’t expect, left the Capital and came to the Coastal state, somebody would dare to beat him up like punch the sandbag incredibly. 
Sheilor heard the words of that girl, frowned slightly and thought, of course I didn’t know who you are, I just knew that your this brother needed to be beat up.
“Security, security?” of course it’s inconvenient to bring the bodyguards in for tonight this dancing party, that group of rich men and women looked at on the steps Sheilor, shouted loudly. 
At this time, Shielding had already finished the whisper with that middle-aged man, he walked to the front of Sheilor, met the anger of those people. Silenced for a moment, he suddenly laughed out and said, “this world is really interesting, my brother had already asked you whether you want to fight… since you want to fight, then you got beat up is also a very normal thing.”
He gathered his smile, had the slight mock meaning in the calm, “of course I don’t know who you are, I think that you should just want to tell me, who your parents are… but we never care about this kind of things, I just think that it’s very funny, fighting will still need to ask the family property? You are not the children anymore, don’t you beat up badly every time, then you will cry and shout to go back home to look for your parents?”
Shielding didn’t know what happened just now, but he knew the at this time looked very calm Sheilor, the mood actually was very bad. As a friend, he didn’t need any reason, he must stand in the front. Of course because it had that horrific uncle at the scene of tonight this dancing party, he didn’t want to come out originally, but sir uncle… gave him the command.
He stared at the in the most front of the crowd Youzhi, thought that it must this unruly woman caused the current situation, so he said calmly, “miss Youzhi, those few slaps last time were still not enough? Do you want director Chad pulled you back to the Capital again, then you will feel willingly?”
Youzhi just wanted to be low-key, and more low-key today, because she thought that tonight would be the most important that day in her life. But she never thought of, that on the steps rascal officer would actually in front of these many people, told that thing which she felt ashamed the most. Her face suddenly became extremely cold, stared at Shielding and said, “Shielding… there is a dancing party tonight, I don’t want you to die right now.”
The people at the entrance of the party, was shocked by previous that scene that a student beat up the childe of the federal senator, now was attracted the attention by this dialogue right away. They couldn’t believe to listen, then they knew that after all didn’t know when, the miss of the Chad family also suffered the big loss in the hands of these two young men.
In the recent years, the siblings of the Chad family were extremely arrogant, who could let her suffer loss? The eyes they looked at Sheilor and Shielding were somewhat different, kept guessing what kind of people behind the other party.
“Today is my home court, give me a face.” Youzhi Chad took a deep breath, repressed down the anger in her heart, said to the companions by her side. 
Somebody lifted up that blood full of face childe Channing. The childe of the Channing family wiped off the blood on the nose with a handkerchief, took a look at Sheilor sullenly, thought that after a while when the dancing party was over, he must let this young man try the taste of could hardly keep alive and as good as dead.
Youzhi Chad noticed the his eyes, originally wanted to warm him a few words, but reconsidered and gave it up, so she didn’t open her mouth, just took a look at Sheilor deeply-- just because of this poor student, the prince abolished Hook, and prohibited Chavis Chad to enter the Coastal state-- to this kind of people, she had some fear in the heart.


Chapter 40
Dancing Party Of Bi-Moons Festival (1)

“You performance today is very good, I found out that I appreciate you somewhat suddenly.” Shielding smiled with the expression of coquetry in his eyes, looked at the red evening dress on Youzhi. However, the two gentle and passionate eyes, let Youzhi Chad felt the goose bumps all over the whole body, and very uncomfortable. 
Didn’t know why, the had the important criminal of anti-government army by the side Shielding should be low-key, but he just behaved so arrogant, “but you still have to take care these dogs by your side… of course, Charming is not included.”
This group of men and women were not what good and honest people originally, especially after the childe of the Channing family suffered the big loss, they had already sentenced Sheilor the lifelong disability punishment. Their eyes all had some disdain cold and mercy, just in the repression of Youzhi, they didn’t reckoning right away, kept the slight poise. At this time, when they heard Shielding that aggressive, unyielding words attack, they almost couldn’t bear it any more.
“Only dogs, will understand the etiquette of the educated dog.” Shielding looked at these people and said with a smile, “in fact, sometimes I really don’t understand you these second generation playboys, scold not up to other people, fight also not up to other people, besides you were born well, what else you can do in this life? Don’t try to use that kind of eyes to threaten me, the thing Chavis Chad couldn’t do, couldn’t you do it? Don’t forget, the federation is a government by law society, it’s a reasonable place. If you really got under my skin, I will let the federal TV station come to expose your character, I think that your family would be very disappointed.” 
“Shielding, that’s enough!” heard this rascal officer mentioned her brother again, Youzhi sank her that tender face, reprimanded in the cold voice, “if you think that you still haven’t vented you anger out enough, you can just play it in the party in a moment. Don’t you think that it’s making yourself a fool by blocking over here?” 
“Making a fool of oneself are you guys, I am not worried about anything.” Shielding looked at her and had a gentle smile, but pulled Sheilor’s arm to aside and made two body rooms, “I will ask you to dance later in the party, I hop that you won’t turn me down.”
The complexion of Youzhi changed for a moment, nobody knew what she was thinking, she said a few words to the companions by her side. That group of people walked by the side of Sheilor and Shielding with different looks, but also didn’t express any provocations with the eyes and actions any more.
It was really wonderful, Sheilor and Shielding this combination, used to deal with these second generation playboys, really had the great lethality. The little porter had the stable character, but when the situation became critical, he would fight without a second words; Shielding had the mouth which could spit out the words to let people spit out blood, the so-called versed in both literature and military affairs, perhaps referred to this pair of people.
The dancing had not started yet, the gentle music had already been played in the building. Sheilor held back his cast on the light blue dress eyes, looked up to the sky. Shielding had a pat on his shoulder with a smile, said, “even if the lovelorn is already a foregone conclusion, you also don’t have the necessity to imitate the loneliness in front of me, it’s too disgusting.”
Sheilor had a wry smile, he beat up that guy earlier, thought that it would be a violent conflict coming up, but didn’t expect that the other party would forcibly repress the anger, he shook his head and said, “I found out that I have some problems in my character. I always thought that I am a person who could endure things silently, but after I came to the Pear Garden university, I found out that many things I can’t endure.”
“Everyone has his bottom line, if the childe of Sun Channing not touch your bottom line, with your that honest temperament, how could you outburst?” Shielding said with a smile, “when the party is over, you need to be careful. But his family is different from the Chad family, doesn’t have the military background, and the other party doesn’t have the guns in hand, with you fighting skill, beat up his bodyguards then… venting the anger out also is a good thing.”
Right at this time, the had been silent and smiling to watch the farce of the young men middle-aged man, suddenly also looked up to the sky, after a moment, then he heaved a sigh and said carefree and leisurely, “you take a look at those two moons on the sky… they are really like a pair of extremely beautiful breasts.”
Sheilor and Shielding were startled to look up, just saw in the blue sky, two clear and bright round moons were getting closer, masked out the light of the stars all around the sky. The two moons were perfectly round and white, if really thought to the way of that direction, they were really somewhat like that part.
It was still snow in the daytime, but the night was already the good time to enjoy the glorious moons. It’s heard that the Pear Garden for this dancing party, employed the extremely intrepid relationship, dispatched the climate disturbing squad, then built the blue clear night like right now… the beautiful scenery in the sky, it seemed that it’s nothing at all to spend a little more money.
Shielding looked up at the moons, enjoyed them for a moment, the playboy temperament let him couldn’t help to have the bosom friend feeling to the “Uncle” by his side. When he thought like that, the hidden in the heart alienation fear to this guy also reduced a lot, then he knew that after all these fight as a guerrilla in the mountains guys, not really put Gorge Colin in the mouth all the time that kind of boring.
Sheilor just shook his head and thought, this uncle by the side was really worthily the real uncle of the rascal childe Shielding, was erudite through paternal teaching and influence, the two moons showing in the sky beautiful scenery, also could think to the lewd direction… at that moment, he also put this uncle to the lady-killer that category. He wouldn’t never think of, this guy by his side at this time, was the real terrifying character in the federal official files.
Along with the melodious melody of the Darman violin, the Pear Garden university that didn’t know how many times dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival formally began. 
It’s still not the dancing together stage, those had the faint excitement and fresh feeling on the face boy students, wearing the rare formal dress in the ordinary days, holding the drinks, gathered in five or six people like the adults, chatting something together. 
Sheilor them three people walked into the meeting unattractively, chose a quiet and remote place to stay.
“I don’t know why I will come here.” Sheilor narrowed his eyes slightly, took a sip of the champagne in the glass, thought that the president really spent a lot of money on this dancing party.
“I really hope that you didn’t come today.” Shielding suddenly said this words very seriously, and then let Sheilor to take care of his uncle, holding the champagne glass gracefully, walked to another quiet but conspicuous place on purpose.
Sheilor was surprised slightly, looked up and noticed the direction where Shielding was walking to, exactly was the place where Youzhi, Charming and those rich children gathered, he couldn’t help to say with worry, “he wants to go there to cause the trouble again? Normally I never found out that he is such a warm blood man.”
“Oh, perhaps it’s just because he likes which girl.” that uncle said by his side with a ha ha laugh, “the dancing party of the Pear Garden university’s Bi-moons Festival has a tradition, the boy will take the first dance as the courtship signal… just before the invitation, the boy always has to do some arrangement in advance, then it will ensure he won’t be rejected later. You are the student of the Pear Garden university, don’t you know about this tradition?”
Sheilor looked at that Shielding walked to the front of the dressing in red evening dress Youzhi, looked at by Youzhi side that dressing in blue formal attire, like a orchid Charming, answered with a bitter voice, “I know about this tradition, I thought that I would have a dancing partner… but the dancing partner don’t want me today suddenly.”
“You need to learn more the cheeky from Shielding on this aspect.” uncle Shield looked over at that side with a smile.
Over there, it seemed like that Shielding and Youzhi were trying to persuade each other, in the low voice but with the homicidal intent faintly. Sheilor was confused to look at there, thought whether childe Shielding really like that vicious woman? Had to admit that, Youzhi was a very beautiful woman, but after that storm in the front of the nightclub, in the eyes of Sheilor, those tempting curves and eyes all became the vanity.
And then, in the surprised eyes of those rich kids, Shielding and Youzhi left the party field, didn’t know what they were going to do.
Sheilor shook his head, his eyes fell on that sky blue formal attire again. That middle-aged man by his side noticed his eyes, suddenly opened his mouth and asked him, “like her?”
Sheilor silenced for a moment and then said, “yes.”
The middle-aged man said with a smile, “trust me, tonight her dancing partner should be you.”
The sound of the band suddenly got louder at this time, covered the talking between two of them. 
When the music stopped, the in solemn dress the president of the Pear Garden university, showed up in front of the microphone on the second floor with the smile on his face, he took a look at the thickly dotted young students on the downstairs, had the delight mood in his heart, he said, “welcome…”
When the president made the speech, Shielding and Youzhi also returned to the party field. 
Sheilor looked at the by his side Shielding, noticed that he had the bloodstain on the corner of his mouth, immediately he associated it with what not fit to be seen happened in the back garden, he was very surprised to heave a sigh and said, “after all the passion really could be driven… but how come she would be willing to go out with you?”
Shielding scolded a few words in a low voice, took a quick glance over there, noticed that Youzhi was wiping her lips with a handkerchief sorrowfully.
Let a tonight dreaming to become a princess girl, become the army in routed in front of a hymen repair record, this not a thing to be proud of. Although Shielding was fickle in love, but he always was fond of women. Looked at those lonely in the eyes of Youzhi, he couldn’t help to wrinkle up his eyebrows, the ill feeling to this proud and callous miss got lighter a bit in his heart.
He couldn’t understand, even tonight that prince wouldn’t pick Youzhi as his dancing partner, what kind of help it would have to the mission of the organization. Once he thought of this, he couldn’t help to take a look at this “uncle” by his side in disgust. As the second character of the anti-government army, put the attention on a girl’s hymen, although he had to admit the horrific intelligence network of this guy, but he was still hard to accept this kind of everything with purpose first act technique.
What the president talked about in the speech, no one listened to it seriously at all. All the didn’t know the inside story young students, were waiting excitedly for that moment when the dancing music sounded up, they wanted to enjoy their own youth and love to their hearts’ content. Perhaps there would be a lot of lucky dogs, perhaps there would be a lot of losers as well, but reached out the hand to his own love industriously, this was already good enough for them to remember for a long time in the future.
The Porting dancing music finally sounded up, floated over the ballroom like the water. Although there were quite a lot of people at this time, but the ballroom still seemed very spacious. The beautiful melody comforted people the lonely heart, urged their footsteps to go dancing with it.
Sheilor had been watching Charming who was by the side of the senator childe, his eyes narrowed slightly. The by his side middle-aged man opened his mouth suddenly and said, “I have just told you, tonight her dancing partner must be you.”
Sheilor had a wry smile and said, “thank you, but this is impossible.”
“If you take me up to the second floor to take a tour,” the middle-aged man smiled very sincerely, “god must be able to meet your thought.”


Chapter 41
Dancing Party Of Bi-Moons Festival (2)

“The second floor?”
Sheilor then noticed, compared with the matchless lively dancing floor downstairs, the second floor seemed extremely quiet, and several dressed in dark color waiter dress men by the corridor, were watched vigilantly at the people got close to them.
He couldn’t understand to take a few eyes at the above, found out that besides the president of the Pear Garden university, there no other people of the school showed up over there, including those venerable professors, couldn’t it be a big shot to need the president to accompany with on the second floor?
He took a look at the middle-aged man by his side, said with a smile, “I know just in one glance, it must be a what VIP of the school on the upstairs. Even the miss of the Chad family and those young men knew the rules, didn’t go up to there, how could I do it? But if I could go up there in a moment, I will just bring you with me.”
It’s nothing to do with whether willing to help people or not, Sheilor purely just thought that he was telling a joke, he was just a porter and auditor of the Pear Garden university, it’s already pretty good that he could attend the dancing party today, although he didn’t want to attend-- just somewhat wanted to see her.
However, this joke fell into the ears of this middle-aged man, let his that ugly triangular eyes flashed across a light, he ha ha had a couple laughter, patted Sheilor on the shoulder, didn’t say anything any more.
The dancing party had become lively up at this time, those more cheeky senior boys, disguised to be mature and decorously, sent out the invitation to those dressed in various full dresses female students. In this kind of impetus, the originally still somewhat embarrassed people, also began to make the move to the goddess in their heart in succession.
Fortunately, the gender ratio in the Capital planet was on the contrary from the East Forest Region, the meat really had a lot, a lot of pairs were successful in the field in a moment. The dancing with the music young people had the happy smile on their faces, but those girls seemed to had some shyness on their faces. No matter how they looked, at least in this moment, they were the most beautiful.
Beyond Sheilor’s expectation, incredibly a girl had the great courage to come up over to invite him to dance initiatively. He never thought of that the ordinary look him, also would be the favor of some girls. Besides the surprise, he refused her somewhat confusedly. 
He didn’t dare to look at the disappointed expression of that girl student-- actually he underestimated his popularity in the Pear Garden university. The most appreciated student professor Chow had in the machine maintenance class, the created several records in the laboratory building, after that waited for the beauty in the Plum Garden in that rain and snow… he had already had some secret admirers. 
In order to avoid the embarrassment, Sheilor looked up to the distance subconsciously, just saw Charming that avoid his eyes movement, he had a shiver in the heart slightly, knew that the other party was watching him just now. He took a deep breath, stared right at that side. He had stared for a long time, saw that Charming refused the invitation of a lot  of boys, also didn’t go to dance with the senator childe Bowie Hang… then his mood got a little bit better.
“He is looking at you.” Bowie Hang looked at those bugging happily together in the dancing floor classmates, whispered to the girl by his side. 
Charming looked at the front, had a faint smile on the corner of her lips and replied him, “I know, but what the relation it has with me?”
Bowie Hang had a smile, said, “but… you also just looked at him secretly. It looks like the relationship between you and him, not as what you said, is only the relationship between the pursuer and the rejecter.”
Charming blinked her eyelashes, silenced for a moment and then said, “it’s all over.”
“Really don’t want to go dancing with me? You know that now I like you more and more.” in order to conceal his sadness, Bowie Hang shrugged his shoulders slightly, “although I know that you come to attend the dancing party with me, perhaps for some other reasons.”
“I’m very sorry.” Charming said with the slight apology, “last time I had already told you very clearly, I can’s accept your kindness.” her expression became somewhat lonely, took a look at the other side of the dancing floor without a trace, said, “I was so stupid, I has already hurt a man, I don’t want to hurt the another one.”
Bowie Hang knew that she was looking at Sheilor, the smile was somewhat embarrassed. He had the forced smile and said, “unfortunately, I don’t even the qualification to be hurt by you.”
Had to say, this was a very gracious words. This kind of good family young man, always could easily show the demeanor in their that same class. Such as those rich children by the side of them tow, including that just had the treatment the childe of the Channing family, all very polite to watch everything in the field, didn’t reveal any pride. 
The place where these young people were, was very alternative in this lively dancing party. Because they were too quiet, and from their dress and the temperament, could tell it obviously, they were not the ordinary students of the Pear Garden university. None of them went down to the dancing floor to dance, of course those students wouldn’t come to invite those like princess girls. If they didn’t know Charming, knew that Charming was the student of the Pear Garden university, it’s afraid that earlier they wouldn’t have the courage to come to invite her.
Except only one man, the dressing in the formal wear childe Shielding was wearing the smile on his face, ignored the killing eyes of this group of people, came to the front of them again, had a graceful stoop rite to Youzhi Chad, said with the gentle voice, “would you like to dance with me?”
The face of Youzhi was anomaly indifferent, she looked at in front of her this very beautiful, but very hateful young man, knew that the other was threatening her with that secret. After silenced for a moment, she brought Shielding to walk a couple steps to the quieter place without trace, avoided the ears of her those companions, the asked in a very low voice, “what do you really want to do?”
Shielding lowered his eyes slightly, seemed to don’t know how to open his mouth, he said slowly, “just earlier that humble request, please have a dance with me.”
“How could you be so shameless?” the eyes of Youzhi were cold like the knife, matched with her that fire-red dress, served as a foil to a kind of breathtaking aesthetic feeling, “because of the thing that night, then you must carry on the revenge? You should know it better, what the meaning of the first dance in the party of the Bi-moons Festival represents… don’t you think that I would be threatened by you, to ruin the life that I have already longed for more than ten years?”
Shielding frowned slightly and looked at the beauty in front of him, said slowly, “probably the future that you have already longed for a long time, is not the life you really want to have… otherwise one year ago that night, how could you get yourself drunk, and then turned your chastity in so casually…”
Sheilor narrowed his eyes and looked at that group of people by the side of Charming, felt the atmosphere somewhat weird. Because it had already several songs passed, those well-dressed men and women still didn’t go to dance. If they were not coming to dance, then why did they come to the Pear Garden university?
He observed keenly, those people seemed to be waiting for something happened… suddenly he thought of the talking with Shielding that night in the pub, his heart had a “Ge Deng” sound, he took a look at Charming extremely anxiously.
Just right at this time, a slap in the face sounded up, Sheilor looked at the corner in distance surprised, the miss of the Chad family poured the glass of champagne on Shielding’s face angrily, and slapped him in the face at the same time. 
He didn’t know what happened over there, just wanted to go to there to take a look, but was pulled back by the middle-aged man. 
Although the music in the dancing floor was very gentle, but the sweet talks of countless people added up would be somewhat noisy, besides that group of people and the kept staring at that side Sheilor, not that many people noticed this little episode.
The wet hair was on Shielding’s forehead weakly, he walked back silently, gave “uncle” a stare, and then stood side by side with Sheilor, heaved a sigh and said, “the stinging flower, is really wonderful.”
The like to dress in red Youzhi after refused to the threat of Shielding, walked back to her companions, just the holding the empty glass fingers were somewhat shivering, the face was slightly pale.
That standing behind Sheilor and Shielding middle-aged man suddenly laughed and said, “Shielding, you could change your name to Pity the Flowers in the future.”
Just right at this time, a song just finished dancing party suddenly became quiet, the strings of the cello were picked to make out the humming sound, reminding all the people in the field, somebody was going to speak.
The lights were getting dim, a double round silvery white light beam cast to the second floor, just like the two moons which could be seen through the transparent dome at this time. In the light beam, the grey hair president Nolan stood in front of the microphone, looked at all the people gently and said, “please allow me to introduce a wonderful history of the Pear Garden university.”
The applauses sounded up.
“The Pear Garden university’s dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival, don’t know help to bring about how many perfect love stories.” the president Nolan looked at the children downstairs with a smile, thought of that story more than twenty years ago, his heart also couldn’t help to sway a bit. 
He appreciated very much that the Tai family would be willing after the party was started, then had the process to choose the dancing partner, at least this wouldn’t need to worry about those already had the love pure girls. But he didn’t consider it at all, if in a moment that man really wanted to choose the already had the dancing partner girl, actually that was also another method to complete the ancestral love trial.
“In these love stories, more than twenty years ago, the studied in our school, the successor of the Mend Foundation Jim Tai, the encounter between him and his accompanied for life wife is the most moving.” the president Nolan continued to say with a smile.
“I am very happy, today the love crystallization of Mr. Jim Tai and his wife is also studying in our school, and today he will finish his adult ceremony in this dancing party, he will invite one lucky lady to be his dancing partner… of course, if my girl student chooses to refuse him, as the president I, also will only feel the proud.” the president had a ha ha laughter.
The Mend foundation, was the biggest private fund in the federation, although not many people knew the real name of the proprietor of this fund, but who didn’t know this fund? When the president told the identity of today that mysterious guest, immediately the excited talking sounded up in the building. The girls in the field immediately imagined that still not shown up Tai boy student, as the riding white horse prince, the eyes showed the confused and excited expression.
The spacious dancing place was in the dark, only those about to huddle together two moons in the sky, scattered the silver light down through the transparent dome, and those two like the moonlight light beams, left the place where the president was on the second floor, began to sweep slowly.
Everyone knew, when these two light beams finally stopped, the girl was enveloped in, would be the dancing partner of that mysterious guest chose for today. 
The light beams moved slowly, no matter beautiful or ugly, no matter had the dancing partner or not, all the girls got nervous in succession. Even if they were not the desire of vanity people, but in this kind of like fairy tale scene… how could they repress that share of desire in their heart?


Chapter 42 
Dancing Party Of Bi-Moons Festival (3)

A beautiful and sad violin tune rang up slowly, when the music stopped, those two light beams would stop the moving.
When the president told that the surname of the mysterious guest was Tai, Sheilor couldn’t believe his ears, his mouth opened slightly, he had already guessed out the real identity of that man on the second floor. Charlie Tai this even never had the deep-fried dough pie rich poor childe, would be the leading role of today the dancing party of the Bi-moons Festival?
Sheilor took a deep breath, pressed down the shock in his heart. Last night he still wanted to ask Charlie Tai, whether he wanted to come to the dancing party together today, how could he think of, the other party had already come to here long ago, and looked down like a king and prepared to pick his dancing partner.
The beautiful two moons sprinkled the clear light in the night sky, the light beams moved slowly on the dancing floor. The girls once lighted by the light beams, they could be hard to suppress the nervousness on their faces. 
Just right at this time, the president that killjoy voice sounded up once again, mixed into the wonderful violin tune, he smiled to point out the real identity of the black mecha, which won the glory for the Pear Garden university this morning.
Sheilor was somewhat unknown to listen to it, thought that it was clearly him who was in the mecha, how come it became Charlie Tai? But he also knew it clearly, the people could entered into the H1 area in this school, probably only himself and Charlie Tai two people. If the other party was willing to conceal for him, of course he would be very happy.
This news, caused another turmoil in the dark dancing floor. Those was still originally somewhat reserved, deliberately avoided the light beam girls, also showed the joyful expression. A family wonderfully young boy student, also was the legend, could let the ace pilot of the First Military Academy failed, how could it not move the people?”
The light beams still moved slowly, those pure and simple girl students were full of excitement and desire, just hoped the light beams would fall on their bodies. But those knew Charlie Tai the real identity people, would have the anomaly violent psychological activity.
The only one who didn’t have any interest in this thing, probably would be Sheilor. Although he was very surprised, the family of Charlie Tai was even much more horrific than what he imagined. But what was the relation to do with him? The scene in front of him, in his eyes, just like an emperor in choosing his princess. But in his opinion, this was the great disrespect to the women. Associated to it, to that had the night snacks together, went whoring together emaciated rich childe, he also had a few dissatisfaction.
The scene was very quiet, countless eyes kept wandering along with those two light beams. The boy students was envy and not that happy to watch this scene, the girl student was reserved and wishful to watch… some moon light spilled down, it’s not totally in the dark, could see faintly, on the most spacious corner of the building, those came from a long way rich children, had the tacit understanding to separate the arrays, the girls were standing on the most front row.  
On the middle was the dressed in red Youzhi Chad, just the light was dim, couldn’t see clearly the expression on her face at this time, whether it’s calm after all or something else. She close her eyes slightly, smoothed her breath, and waited for the coming of that moment. 
Since she met Charlie Tai many years ago, her parents, her brother, and those people by her side, all seemed to intentionally or unintentionally, let her feel that her this life, should only stay together with this actually seldom met in these two years young man… but at this moment concerned the happy of her life, in her closed eyes, suddenly emerged a hateful and rascally beautiful face, but the master of that face had a very evil heart, she also felt her heart have a spasm slightly.
Charming was standing by the side of Youzhi, the blue little full attire was not that eye-catching originally, but in this getting dark gradually environment, the cloth of the full attire began to float the faint light, it appeared very striking, just like a suddenly appeared in the forest pure little spirit… didn’t know attract the eyes of how many people.
She lowered her head slightly, the naturally hanging by the body sides two fists, lovely held tightly subconsciously, she was very nervous. Yes, she had the people she liked, she even didn’t know what kind of people that mysterious prince was at all, but she must help senator Medellin build the relationship with the other party, even if she had to sacrifice her own love and life…
According to the latest returned intelligence, the hawk forces of the federal military began to speed up the pace of war preparation, and the result that the senator had the lobbying activity in the Capital was also not that great, for those in the four states surrounding mountains amiable and respectable companions and people, she had to do  something.
She held her fists tightly, repressed the impulse that she wanted to turn away, or wanted to look for Sheilor in the dark. She didn’t know why the senator Medellin would trust her so much, no matter how she thought, that prince on the second floor also shouldn’t choose her? Charming consoled himself in the heart like this.
Those several came from afar girls also were abnormally nervous, revealed their charm shyly in the sweeping light beams.
They knew the things much more than the normal girls in the field, they knew it clearly, that named Tai young man was not only the successor of that what Mend Foundation. Although the Mend Foundation was also really a top private fund, but in the wealth and strength the Tai family owned, perhaps it’s just a smoke screen could be abandoned casually? 
In a room with a lot of green plants on the second floor, the holding coffee cup Charlie Tai, through the light screen, somewhat bored to look at the performances of those girls under the light beams, suddenly opened his mouth and said, “it’s already the Constitution Calendar year thirty seven, incredibly there is still the activity like choosing the princess in the federation, it’s really a shameful thing.”
He didn’t have the consciousness as the party, just published his sigh with emotion to the scene in front of him. The steward Ken said with disapproval by the side, “this is the tradition of the family, and master you also should know it clearly, there was never the involuntary thing happened in the adult ceremony.”
Charlie Tai had a smile, thought of earlier that the words love crystallization the president Nolan used to introduce him, he felt some strange in the heart. He looked at Youzhi’s face on the light screen, the mood was a bit heavy, “the mood of Youzhi today seemed to be a bit bad, whether she knows anything?” he asked.
“No.”
Charlie Tai nodded his head, he just expressed the concern to the friend habitually. Since the steward Ken said that it’s no problem, then of course it’s no problem.
Suddenly, his eyes fell on a dressed in the blue formal attire girl, in that darkness, by the side of dressed in red Youzhi, that blue was so pure, his eyes began to relax down instantly, he began to feel tender and protective toward that girl.
“Bright and clear… touching.” Charlie gazed at that girl, silenced for a long time, then he said softly, “it looks like that this girl didn’t want to come, but at this time she just stands by the side of Youzhi persistently… this kind of proud and clinging temperament, I always feel somewhat familiar with, I like it very much.”
The steward Ken gave the hint quietly by the side, “Charming, came back a year ago, once worked in the office of the senator Medellin as the volunteer clerical work clerk. Although the FBI has already judged her as the returner, but I don’t think that she is a suitable marriage partner.”
“You are wrong, if I like a girl, even she is the empire people, I still don’t mind at all.” Charlie Tai gently coughed a couple times, looked at on the screen that seemed very calm, but held the hands tightly, already revealed the nervousness and resistance blue dress girl, he had a flicker of gentle and complicated emotion flashed in his eyes, he said gently, “it’s very pity… I know her a bit too late.”
The music of the violin had already come to the end, although Sheilor didn’t have the knowledge on the music aspect, but he still could hear it out, he just somewhat indifferently watched the light beams moving around. At this time the light beams had already swept a round the dancing floor politely, and stopped in front of that group of rich children. The expressions of those girls became more nervous.
Only Youzhi and Charming still maintained the calm, Youzhi believed that nobody in the field could compete with her, because lady Tai liked her very much. Charming felt her heart complicated to the extreme, so that she forgot the nervousness.
All the people were watching the move of the light beams nervously, the previously had been keeping silence Sheilor, suddenly felt that his heartbeat was speeding up, dong dong dong dong. He suddenly had a very bad omen, always felt that Charming came to the dancing party today just for this moment, and those two light beams seemed to be going to fall on her body!
The heartbeat was like beating a drum, Sheilor finally understood, his own heart could let go this girl at all, not matter in blue, in pink, wearing the devil horns, wearing the black frame glasses, sometimes cold like snow, and sometimes hot like fire, he just couldn’t accept that she would become the dancing partner of other people at all.
Just right at the moment when the violin song was going to end, Sheilor suddenly walked out from the corner, walked over to the direction of Charming in big steps!
However, just after three steps, Sheilor was shined on the face by a strong light!
He narrowed his eyes subconsciously, cursed some words in the heart, worried very much about Charming that confused woman, really for the inside story that she didn’t know at all, became the dancing partner of Charlie Tai that sickly boy. Moments later, his vision backed to normal immediately, he narrowed his eyes and looked around, but found out that he just could see the darkness, only could hear a wave of very shocked voices.
Because he was enveloped in the light beam at this moment!
Sheilor gazed at all around, lowered his head to take a look at himself, that set of expensive suit was brilliant in the like moonlight silver light. In a moment, he also didn’t know where he was, what on earth was happening.
However, all around the screaming and talking had already sounded up like a explosion, and occasionally with the couldn’t believe screaming. Yes, nobody could ever imagine, this like a fairy tale scene came to the end, the object was enveloped by that light beam… was a boy student unexpectedly!
By this stimulation, people made the loud screaming. Those originally thought that they stood a good chance rich ladies, even couldn’t believe their eyes, a daughter of a senator even was too broken-hearted to pass out. That miss of the Channing family covered her mouth with her hands, looked at that full of frustration on the face boy student, who was enveloped by the light beam in the meddle of the dancing floor, stammered, “Aren’t… the prince… a homosexual?”




