
The Salem Concord
Book 1
Interview for a Wizard
by
J. A. Areces

Edited by
The Editing Wizard Co.
The Salem Concord
Book 1
Interview for a Wizard
J. A. Areces

Published by J. A. Areces 
Smashwords Edition
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only and may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,please purchase an additional copy. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your
favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author and for your support.
Any resemblance to actual events or locals or persons, living or   dead, is entirely coincidental. Any trade or trademarked names used in this story remain the property of their respective owners.
All Rights Reserved. Copyright ©  2014, by J. A. Areces.
Miami, Florida USA
February 1778



February, 1778, heavy military boots plowed through the dense snow that covered everything. The grey sky reflected General George Washington’s feelings.  Valley Forge was more disheartening then anything he could have imagined. He moved the Continental Army into winter quarters on the Schuylkill River as winter approached. However, hunger lead to disease and inevitable despair. The good general was running out of time -- food was scarce; wartime training was sorely needed; men were deserting; death tolls kept increasing; and approximately 12,000 men were expecting him to lead them to victory.   The tide was turning against him but desperate times called for desperate measures. 
General Washington finally stopped.  He could see the encampment at the bottom of the hill. Small fires that failed to keep the soldiers warm littered the area.  Valley Forge was purposely selected for the high ground and position making it easily defendable, but that wasn’t enough to make the general feel secure.  Somehow the British were always one step ahead, it seemed they always knew and were prepared for his next move.  Something about the war just wasn’t right and it caused Washington to resort to the unimaginable. Making certain that no one followed, he retrieved a magnificent quilt pen from his heavy cloak. The sun was slowly dropping out of sight and the grey sky drew darker as he pierced his palm with the end of the pen until he bled.
The small clearing was engulfed with a golden hue that filled Washington with wonder, but it only lasted a brief moment.  He returned to his senses by a large, brown, spotted owl that looked down upon him from a nearby tree.  It hooted twice never removing its gaze from the general.
The snow fell heavy around him as Washington waited.  Not far ahead, he noticed a shift between the trees as if a teardrop caused a ripple.  The general stiffened.  Before him stood a tall, slim man dressed in a long, blue cloak and holding a long staff in his right hand.
They said nothing to each other.  
The owl hooted again, gaining the wizard’s attention.
“Right, where are my manners?  General Washington, I presume?”
George Washington glanced at his palm as the wound miraculously healed before his eyes.  He slowly returned the pen to its hiding place before addressing the man before him. 
“I am he, sir, and how shall I address you?”
“You may call me, friend, sir.”
Washington paused.  “I do not accustom calling a stranger, friend, sir.”
“Understood and well said.  Permit me to introduce myself, sir, I am the voice of my people, and I stand before you to serve.” The wizard bowed respectfully.
“You are not the King of the Witches?”
The wizard smiled, “Is that how you refer to the Secretary of Magic?”
“Secretary?”
“We have no king, general.  We are a free people that choose our leader through an elective process.” The wizard informed.
“Interesting concept, sir, I wish to learn more.”
The wizard smiled.  It was the only part of his face that General Washington could see.  The man that stood before him wore a large, blue, pointy hat with a wide brim that dropped over his eyes covering most of his face. Washington removed his hat hoping the wizard would do the same.
The owl hooted at the wizard, reprimanding him.
“Where are my manners? I do so apologize.” The wizard removed his hat and grinned.  Long, grey hair dropped over his shoulders but his face was clean-shaven and that of a young man’s. 
Washington felt less intimidated.
“The Secretary of Magic apologizes and sends his regrets, but he felt that I was a better choice for the first encounter between our two peoples since the signing of the Salem Concord.  He felt that I would be better at the Divulgence.  Therefore, General Washington, how can we be of assistance?”
The General took a deep breath as he gathered his thoughts. “My men are starving, disease is spreading and supplies are low.” He softly said, more to himself, like a passing thought.
The wizard turned to the owl, “Send word that the Continental Army needs our assistance. They are in need of food, supplies and clothing.”
The owl hooted once before taking flight.
“In one month’s time, expect a delivery accompanied by Brigadier General Anthony Wayne.  He will be traveling from New Jersey.” The wizard turned back to the general who stood silent.  He waited, allowing the general to speak.  “What of your soldiers, sir, how prepared are they to confront the British in battle?”
“Sir, I will not speak to you about my men.”
“General,” the wizard drew closer, “do you know why we accepted this encounter after almost 100 years of silence between our two peoples? “
Washington didn’t answer.
“The British, sir, are also our enemies.  Our ancestors fled England in the first ships that sailed to the New World evading persecution.  We sought freedom, sir, as you are presently.  We both share the same enemy.”
The general stood tall, almost at attention. “How can I trust a witch?”
“With all due respect, general, I am not a witch.”
Washington squinted.
“I am a wizard.  A witch is a female, of which, sir, I do not share the same attributes.”
“My sincere apologies, sir, for my ignorance.”  Washington bowed respectfully.  “My unfamiliarity in these matters betrays me.”
“Apology accepted. Now, sir, how prepared are your men for battle?”
Washington didn’t answer.
“Very well then, I will assume by our silence that they lack the proper military training to defeat our common foe.  Therefore, sir, in three day’s time expect Baron Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben. He is a former member of the Prussian General Staff.  Receive him well and he will be a great asset to your army.  Be advised that he speaks no English.  Let that not be an impediment. I promise you that he will deliver the results you desire.”
Washington accepted the offer graciously.  The snow fell heavier covering his shoulders.
“If I may, general, what of the French alliance?”  The wizard asked.
Washington raised a surprised eyebrow.
“Master Franklin will be contacted by one of our advisors to assist.  I am confident that she will be persuasive.  Her beauty is irresistible.”  The wizard winked.
George Washington was fascinated, but never expressed it.  He studied the wizard carefully; scrutinizing every move and gesture.
“However, that is not why you requested this meeting?” The wizard asked.  “Something much more pressing brings you before me?  Pray tell, general, what troubles you that causes a man of your stature to sneak into this hidden place to consult with me?”
“Sir, I fear that I have made a grave mistake.”
The wizard was taken by surprise.
“I have entered a realm completely foreign to myself.  I was a fool to think that I possess the courage to face one such as yourself, a wizard.  My pride has taken the best of me.  I now do not know if you are a demon or an angel.  I do not trust my better judgment.  I regret that I have taken your time.”
The wizard feared the opportunity to assist the general’s cause slipping away and reacted by slowly drawing even closer to Washington.  “General, sir, your reputation as an honest man does not do you justice.  It is my humble pleasure to have the chance to meet you, and the loss of time is mine, sir, if I do not at the very least try to aid you in what causes you a heavy heart.  Please grant me that one favor, and if I am unsuccessful, I will take my leave and I promise you, sir, that you will not remember me nor this encounter.”
Night overtook Valley Forge and the two men were nothing more than shadows in the snow covered clearing.  Washington reached into his coat and retrieved a wrinkled, folded paper that he held out to the wizard.  Slowly, the wizard approached and took the paper.
“May I read it?”
The general nodded.
The wizard let the staff stand on its own as he waved his hand over the tip.  A soft, blue light filled the clearing causing Washington to gasp.  The wizard paid no attention as he carefully unfolded the paper.
Then he paused taken aback.
“Our spies discovered these weapons in the possession of our enemy.  They were smuggled in through New York and are now scattered throughout the thirteen colonies.”  Washington paused as the wizard glanced back at the paper.
A rough, pencil sketch revealed a large crystal ball suspended by seven malevolent dragonheads.
“It appears that these enchanted objects are a sort of messaging weapon.  It was, I believe, how General William Howe defeated us in Philadelphia and Germantown.  They know our every move.  As long as the British have these weapons, we will never win the Revolution.”
“Are these crystal balls manipulated by Wizardry?” The wizard asked.
“Witches.”
“How many?”
“We only found seven.” The general quickly responded.  “Their locations are written below.  I lost two good men trying to retrieve this information.”
The wizard folded the paper.  “May I keep it?”
The general nodded.  “Do you know what they are, sir?”
The wizard took his staff.  “Your assumption is correct, sir.  They are weapons and in the British hands our Revolution is lost.  Do not worry, sir, we will retrieve all seven and return them to you.”
“I rather you did not.” Washington interjected. “It goes against the terms of the Salem Concord.  Alas, that kind of power in the hands of the men is dangerous.”
The wizard withdrew from the general as he returned his hat to his head.  “When our mission is complete, I will send my owl.  Know then that the time to strike is at hand.”
Washington replaced his hat looking more authoritative than before.  “Sir, it was an honor making your acquaintance.”
“The honor was mine.”
“Godspeed, friend,” Washington added.
The wizard smiled underneath his hat.  Then tapped his staff on the snow covered ground and the space around him shifted.
The wizard was gone. 




Chapter 1
The Graveyard Shift

This shift was called the “graveyard shift.”  Maybe it was because it took place in the dead of the night when the ambiance is quiet and still, or maybe it was because from the bridge-house the night watchman enjoyed a clear and direct view of the old town’s graveyard.   On a clear night, with the full moon illuminating the evening sky, he could easily make out most of the writing on the ancient tombstones and statues.  Throughout the years, many tall tales spawned about ghosts and spirits seen roaming the graveyard.  These tales became more elaborate every time a night watchman abruptly quit his post claiming to have seen or been haunted by spirits.
Old Dougie Mann refused to fall prey to such gibberish.  He was proudly employed by the City as the Bridge Night-Watchman for forty-three years.  He worked the graveyard shift three times a week.  The days varied depending on the rotation.  
Dougie made the regulated inspections and entered the bridge-house a little after midnight.  As he settled in the squeaky chair behind the control panel, he complained about his sore back and pulled out a cheap bottle of cherry wine from the bottom drawer of the rusty cabinet.  He leaned back after filling his coffee mug with the last of the wine and glanced out the window that overlooked the two-way drawbridge.  Slowly sipping his wine, he turned on the tiny radio that rested on the windowsill and glimpsed out the open, side window that allowed him a view of the river, the distant boat yard, and the cemetery that ran up the hill disappearing into the night.  For a split second he thought he saw something.  There it was again - a flash of light.   The surrounding statues were instantly illuminated in blue.  Then the flash was gone and darkness returned. 
Dougie didn’t spend any time wondering what it was.  He didn’t care.  Retirement was in sight and not much else held his interest.  He took another sip of wine, grimaced at the bitter taste, pulled down his baseball cap and pulled up his jacket collar.  The night air was chilly.  October nights in a small New England town, close to the ocean, are always cold.  Tonight was no exception.  An old Gershwin tune that Dougie enjoyed was playing on the tiny radio that sat on the windowsill overlooking the bridge.  First, he reached over to raise the volume on the radio, and then he turned to close the window to keep the night air out.  There it was; another flash of light.  This one was much brighter, causing him to go momentarily blind.  Dougie rubbed his eyes and blinked several times.  He looked out the window and saw what appeared to be two men engaged in battle.
The taller of the two men leapt up into the air swinging a long staff. It came down hard on the shorter man and smacked the wand out of his right hand.  The shorter man turned in pain screaming into the night as he grabbed his wounded hand.  His cloak whirled and the hood fell back to reveal an ugly face.  Dougie winced.  He never saw features so deformed.  The man looked like he participated in knock down, kick and scratching fights all his life, and lost them all.
The ugly man lunged after the fallen wand.  The other pointed his staff and shouted words that Dougie did not understand.  Latin, he thought. A quick mental childhood flash of sitting in long pews attending early morning Sunday mass interrupted the fight.   A burst of light blasted from the tip of the staff missing the ugly man as he reached for the wand, pointed, and shouted.  Another blast and the staff flew out of the tall man’s hands.  He flew through the air crashing against the small bridge-house.  His tall, pointy hat floated behind him as his long, black cloak covered his body.  The ugly man laughed.  His gurgling could be heard from where Dougie sat.  He aimed his wand at his stricken opponent, who pulled out his hand from under his cloak uttering a command.  His staff obeyed and attacked.  It flew from where it lay and whacked the ugly man square in the back.  Dougie threw himself back in his chair and hit the other wall as the ugly man tumbled forward, crashing through the window.  Broken glass flew everywhere.  The ugly man struggled to break free, his hands bleeding as he grappled to regain himself, but the taller man pinned him against the broken glass and control panel.  Dougie reached out and grabbed his mug, clutching it tightly against his chest.  
“Tell me, Nicholas!” shouted the taller man, as he pushed the ugly man’s face closer to the jagged glass.  “Tell me where Raven is or I’ll kill you right here, right now!”
One of the jagged glass shards punctured Nicholas’ cheek, as he hissed, “Alivan’s!  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store!”  
Dougie’s thin, frail, hunched-over frame began to shake nervously.  He closed his eyes and drank a large gulp from his mug. 
“Since when?” asked the taller man.  “Tell me, how long has he been there?”
“Six months,” Nicholas strived to get free only to cut himself some more. 
The tall man loosened his grip.  He looked shocked.  “Six months?  I’m running out of time.”  
Unexpectedly, Nicholas yelled, and with all his strength pushed against the control panel and desk.  His bloody hands inadvertently pressing buttons and switches which activated the drawbridge.  The bells sounded and the locked arms set free as they slowly began to descend.  The taller man was thrown back as Nicholas whirled himself free.  He ran and found his wand. Turning, he aimed at his victim.  Dougie leaned forward in his chair keenly watching the fight.  The taller man jumped to his feet and found himself facing his enemy.  A tiny, red laser dot trembled over his heart. The bells continued to sound as the bridge’s mechanism continued releasing locks causing the bridge to move.  Nicholas leaned forward on his weapon.
“You will die tonight, Beifar Mahgo,” he said with a smile.
WHACK!
Nicholas looked up in disbelief.  Blood poured down the center of his face, dripping at the end of his nose.  The bridge arm bounced off his head.  He stumbled back, eyes staring nowhere; then fell to his knees dropping the wand.  The bridge began to open, and the floor underneath Nicholas gave away.  Slowly, he began to slide.  Beifar raced to him snatching Nicholas’ long cloak and urged Nicholas to hold on.  Under his breath, Dougie also pleaded for Nicholas to hold on.   There was no response from Nicholas.  His body slipped through the cloak into the cold river waters.  
Dougie sat breathless; nervous sweat dripping down his face.  He blinked repeatedly, wiping his brow.  The bells finally stopped ringing.  Dougie stopped the process, but not in time.  Beifar stood with his staff in hand.  He looked down into the water - waiting, hoping.  He finally let go of his grip, and the dark cloak that belonged to Nicholas glided onto the rushing waters below.  Beifar tapped his staff on the floor.  Another flash of light, and he was gone.
Dougie put his mug down.  He grabbed the empty wine bottle along with the mug and threw them both out the window into the river.  He walked out of the bridge-house, locked the door behind him, and resigned the next day.

Chapter 2
Sunday

The small store was located in Downtown Mount Dora and was difficult to find.  It was a two-story, wooden house with a high-pitched roof, and a wrap-around porch.  Large windows looked out onto the busy street and wind chimes sounded in the gentle breeze.  No large sign to draw in customers or anything else to show the way, just a sun-faded, hand carved wooden sign, “Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store,” hung over the front door. 
Jesse Alexander considered it an odd name for a costume shop, especially one that wasn’t on a corner.  The store was tucked between two office buildings occupied on the street level by cute stores and outdoor cafés.  The buildings brought a lot of movement to the area; its occupants and customers strolling across the small stores at all hours of the day.  In the evenings, a movie theater, small cafés and ice cream shop kept the commercial square busy.  However, that was not the case for Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.
Mount Dora was a small, tourist town known for its antiques and wonderful weather.  The town was named after a large lake that attracted fishing and water-sport activists throughout the year.  Downtown Mount Dora was small and quaint, with the largest hotel perched on the edge of the lake.   Honeymooners or weary travelers sat underneath the vast porch on comfortable rocking chairs, sipping cool drinks as they watched the sun slip behind the lake.  Railroad tracks ran through the central park dividing the town, but no train crossed through these parts since WWII.  Visitors used to be able to take a ride on the local tourist train that carried them around the lake and back into town, but that was way before Jesse arrived in town.  
Occasionally, a historical area fan came by and peeked into the store.  The old house was well known as a historical building and dated back to the late 1800s.  
Years ago many of the old houses in Mount Dora were converted into commercial properties.  Some were now used as Bed and Breakfasts, ice cream shops, antique stores, specialty stores, and professional offices for doctors, lawyers, and realtors.  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was no exception.  The only difference being that very few changes w made to its original design.  At the beginning, Jesse thought that this was the only reason anyone ever came by, however, he changed his mind as Halloween drew closer.
Most of the store’s business was conducted through the Internet.  That must’ve been the reason Jesse obtained the position as sales clerk.  In fact, Jesse was the only employee.  Jesse arrived at work by 9:00 a.m. every day of the week, and opened the store at 10:00 a.m.  From day one he was given full and complete responsibility.  The keys were his to take home.  He applied for the job over the Internet on a Saturday, submitting his resume, detailing his previous computer and sales experience, and within two hours he was hired.  That was six months ago. What Jesse found most peculiar was that after six months of being hired, he still hadn’t met his boss, Mr. Claw.
Who was Mr. Claw?  Don’t ask Jesse; he didn’t have a clue.  Their only means of communication was through the Internet.  To be honest, Jesse never really cared much to meet Mr. Claw.  He did his job and was paid well for his service.  He was left alone.  It was exactly the type of job Jesse was looking for.  Jesse wanted to be alone.  He recently graduated from high school and wanted some time off to think.  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was the perfect place to be left alone and think.  Mount Dora was the perfect place to be alone.  The town was just far enough from the big city to be away from home, but if needed he could easily be back home within a couple of hours. It was the ideal work environment for him - busy, but not too busy; and quiet, but not too quiet.  
What did Jesse want to think about?  He didn’t know.  He just knew that he needed to get away, and “find myself.”  So, when he read the employment ad in his local newspaper, on the first weekend after his high school graduation, he thought to himself, why not? and applied.  The response was quick, and prevented him from thinking too much about the move.  He loaded up his motorcycle and made the big transfer to Mount Dora.  
By the time he reached the front door to Alivan’s Wizard and Witch Corner Store, an envelope was waiting with information to a small apartment rented out for him by Mr. Claw.  The rent was to be deducted from his pay.   
Really, who was Mr. Claw?  Jesse wasn't concerned.  In fact, Jesse wasn’t concerned about much of anything.  That was the problem.  Nothing really motivated him.  He was an honor roll student without having even tried; learning came easy to him.  He just didn’t feel challenged.  Nothing really held his interest.  Jesse excelled at music, sports, and every other extra-curricular activity he tried, but quickly bored of all of it.   He was loved by his teachers, coaches and the entire student body - elected by his peers as president of his class and Homecoming King.  However, to Jesse, everything was just okay.   The only thing that held his interest was computers.  In the vast world of computers and the Internet, he could escape for hours.  It was this interest that gave him an edge in computer class, and eventually helped him land this job.
The responsibilities of his job were not difficult.  Jesse arrived at the store by 9:00 a.m., an hour before the store opened, to fill the daily Internet orders.  Most of the customers placed their orders online.  However, since the first few days of October, Jesse found himself having to attend to a few walk-in shoppers searching for the perfect Halloween costume. 
The store was full of different types of flying brooms, all ranging in price and bragging about speed and weight; an assortment of pointy male and female hats adorned the walls.  Mannequins, covered in the latest style of wizardry robes, decorated the huge display window at the front of the store.   A large glass display contained a vast and very unique selection of hand-carved wands.  These distinctive wands were the store’s claim to fame.  It was not uncommon for customers to gaze into the display for long periods of time, or to take an hour in making the ultimate wand selection.    
Most of the time, Jesse sat behind the large desk that served as a counter; working on an Apple laptop.  A printer, cash register and answering machine accompanied the laptop on the desk.   A small stereo system sat on a shelf behind him, with two dusty speakers, that played his favorite tunes from CDs or local radio stations.
Jesse was amazed at how many customers ordered online from the store’s website, www.alivanswizardsnwitchescornerstore.com.  Orders came in from all over the country, but most of the customers were from the Northeast.  Boston, Salem, and New York were big customer hubs.  He took orders from these cities almost daily.  Wands were the big sellers, followed by hats and cloaks, and lastly, flying brooms - - a good thing, because the brooms were the most difficult items to pack and ship.  
He especially enjoyed the odd names of some of the regular customers that he dealt with; Nicholas Fidgewidge, Mily Breezy and Yolanda Roundbottom.  
Yolanda Roundbottom was the most idiosyncratic of the three.  She was always ranting and raving how much she loved being a witch - very peculiar.  
Mily Breezy was eccentric, but nice.  She claimed to teach magic at a private school for girls.  
Of the three, Nicholas Fidgewidge, by far, was the most bizarre.  Not because of what he said or what he claimed to do, but because of the inexplicable uneasiness caused by his orders.  Or, maybe it was the suspicious boxes that he’d constantly have delivered to Mr. Claw.
It was Sunday morning; a week before Halloween, and the town of Mount Dora was busy preparing for the annual Halloween Festival.  The event was huge, drawing Halloween fans from all over.  They crowded the streets, parks and restaurants.  All the local hotels were sold out for the event.  
To make matters more chaotic, the nearby big city theme parks also catered to Halloween fans which in turn attracted more people to the vicinity, many of whom eventually drifted into Mount Dora.  
Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was never busier.  Customers were coming in and out of the store all day.  The orders over the Internet doubled, requiring two daily pick-ups from UPS just to get the orders out on time.  Thank goodness that Jesse was good at logistics.  He quickly and easily assessed the situation and developed the necessary procedures so that everything remained manageable.  What he didn’t anticipate was the increase in deliveries for Mr. Claw, from Nicholas Fidgewidge.  They were all marked “Extremely Fragile Handle, With Utmost Care”, and the UPS man insisted that Jesse not handle these boxes.  
Jesse was given strict instructions from Mr. Claw not to open any packages addressed to him.  Even odder was that he was to leave the packages at the top of the stairs, in front of the locked door that lead to Mr. Claw’s office.  
It was about 3:00 p.m. when Jesse glanced out the window for a quick distraction from the laptop screen.  As usual, by Sunday afternoon things died down in Downtown Mount Dora.  Most of the shops and even the restaurants were closed.  Parents and children casually made their way to Donnelly Park.  The younger ones enjoyed walking in front of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store to window shop.  The boys all begged their mom to buy them the newest flying broom model, the Stealth, which claimed to fly faster than the previous year’s model.  The girls loved to try on the different hats for witches.  It was an exciting time with Halloween just around the corner.  
Jesse was full of the Halloween spirit and even decorated the store with pumpkins and scarecrows.  He sent Mr. Claw an email requesting permission to host a Halloween costume contest on the premises for the small children, with a broom or hat going to the winner.  There was no response yet, which was odd since Mr. Claw usually responded right away.  
Jesse gazed out the window next to his desk as town folk or shoppers strolled up and down the sidewalk.  He tried to remember what he was thinking about, and just then he noticed something unusual.  Across the street, underneath the lamppost, in front of the movie theater stood a very strange looking man dressed in a long, dark cloak; wearing a large grey pointy hat; and holding, what appeared to be, a long staff.  The stranger stood motionless looking straight through the window directly at Jesse.


Chapter 3
The Wizard

At first Jesse ignored the man across the street; he just played it off as another weirdo dressed up early for Halloween.  However, as it is with all freaky things it’s normal to just instinctively want to take a closer look.   At first, Jesse resisted because he didn’t want to be caught looking but, ultimately, he did more than look; he stared.  His hat isn’t from our store, he thought.  Jesse forced himself to look away and returned to his laptop.  He glanced out the window as a small boy knocked as he passed by and waved to Jesse.  The stranger caught his eye again.  He wore a grey pointy hat that flopped to one side, with a large wide brim that folded down in the front and back, covering most of the face and head.  Cool hat, thought Jesse, as he wondered where the wizard purchased it.  Quickly, he searched Yahoo and Google with no response to his key words, at least nothing similar to what the stranger wore.  
“BEEP”
Another order came in and Jesse returned to work.  An hour passed before Jesse looked up again.  
A young girl and her mom came into the store looking for a broom.  The round bell that hung from the door handle pleasantly rang as it usually did when the door was opened or closed.  Jesse assisted the customers, and after a few minutes, the girl happily skipped out of the store with a new, novice broom, wrapped in dark purple paper with a large red bow.  Jesse closed the door behind them.  
The stranger was still there, facing the store.  For a moment Jesse studied the stranger, thinking, how bizarre.  The word “stalker” came to mind.  Just then, Jesse thought he saw the stranger drop his head in a gesture of salutation.  
“BEEP” Jesse returned to work.
At 5:00 p.m. UPS arrived at the front of the store, the driver obnoxiously sounded his arrival by repeatedly pressing on the horn of his truck.  None of the packages were from Nicholas Fidgewidge so Jesse helped the driver with the packages that were placed next to the front door, and carried the new boxes upstairs, setting them before the office door.  A large sign hung on the door that read, KEEP OUT.  Jesse did just that.  He demonstrated no interest and never even wondered what was inside.  He knew it was Mr. Claw’s office and that was enough.  
When UPS left, it was time to go home.  Jesse turned the front sign around to reveal that the store was closed.  Just then, “BEEP,” another new order.  Jesse threw his head back, sighing out loud.  Reluctantly, he drew up his chair and completed the order.  Another hour passed before Jesse finally turned off the laptop and positioned the new orders next to the door for tomorrow’s pickup.  He pulled down the blinds, turned off the lights, except for the front window and outside porch, closed the door behind him and locked it with the key.
When Jesse turned, the stranger was still there, across the street, underneath the light post still wearing his pointy hat, long, black coat and holding a staff.  Options ran through his mind; he decided to just walk away and make nothing of it.   Trying to act inconspicuous, Jesse checked his cell phone, only to discover one text message.  Strange, he never heard it sound.  He stopped on the porch and read the message.  
“Hello from the stranger across the street.”
Jesse apprehensively glanced at the stranger.  The stranger nodded his head.
Jesse changed his mind.  Not sure why he did.  It made no sense.  The stranger could be dangerous or crazy or delusional, who knew.  Jesse skipped down the steps and, after checking for oncoming traffic, crossed the street toward the movie theater.  Once on the other side, he stopped parallel to the man in the pointy, grey hat.
“Jesse Alexander?” The stranger extended his hand.
“Hi.” Jesse responded, as he tucked his hands in his jean pockets.  “Have we met?”
The stranger didn’t answer.  He lowered his extended hand and grinned.
Jesse couldn’t make out the stranger’s face hidden underneath the large grey hat, which made him feel uneasy. It reminded him of an old gangster movie where the bad guys wore hats to appear tough.  The stranger looked mysterious and very untrustworthy.  All Jesse could tell was that he wore a moustache with a neatly trimmed salt and pepper goatee.
“I’m in need of a broom.”  The man finally broke the silence.  He was tall with an athletic built like someone who trained religiously, in perfect shape for an action hero movie, and the textbook deep voice to complement the package. His cloak, a cross between an old black and white detective movie and any cloak he sold in his store, fell down to his calves. Jesse thought it was amazing.  Underneath, he wore a grey, long sleeve shirt with dark pants.  Around his neck a blue stone hung from a dark leather string knotted in the back.  “Do you sell flying brooms in your store?” 
“Yes, I do.  But I’m closed now.”
“Do you own the store?”  His voice tensed.
“No, I don’t.  I just work there.  But if you come back tomorrow I’ll be able to sell you a broom; we have all types.  And with that outfit, a broom would look great. You’re a wizard, right?” asked Jesse.
“Isn’t it obvious?”  
“No, I mean, you do look like a wizard.  That is a great hat. We don’t sell that style in the store.  Nor do we sell that type of cloak.  It looks awesome. It’s a cross between something out of a Bogart gangster movie and something I would sell.  And that staff!  WOW!”  Jesse, while apprehensive couldn’t help but admire the outfit and couldn’t take his eyes off the wizard’s staff.  It was long and made out of hard, light wood.  Most of it was covered in leather strips and carved designs.  
“I made it myself.  I don’t know if you know this or not, but the best staff for a wizard is the one he makes himself.  The wizard and the staff really bond better that way.”
Jesse blinked.  “No…I didn’t know that.”
“Not many do.  It’s because staffs aren’t used much anymore, but I favor them over wands.”
“Well, there you go.  You learn something new every day.” Jesse nodded.
 “You’re probably wondering why I’ve been standing here all day.”  The wizard said.
“Well, that did cross my mind several times this afternoon.   Hey, how did you get my cell number?”
“I wanted to get your attention.”
“Yeah, well, this is a really weird way to get my attention and it doesn’t explain how you got my number but, why didn’t you just go inside the store?”
“It’s complicated.”
Jesse shrugged.  He wasn’t going to pursue it by asking more questions.
 “Okay, then, I’ll come back tomorrow.”  The wizard said.  
Jesse watched as the wizard walked away, his dark cloak flowing behind him, and the staff tapping the pavement with every stride.   “Very weird,” whispered Jesse under his breath; then turned to leave.

Monday

The next morning Jesse drove his motorcycle up to the curb in front of the Deli on his way to work.  The Deli was his usual morning stop, not because the sandwiches were the best in town, or that they were cheap; it was because Jesse fostered feelings for Cindy. 
Jesse enjoyed flirting with Cindy.  She was about his age and very pretty.  She wore her long, blond hair in a ponytail and smiled at Jesse’s jokes.   Jesse intended to ask her to the Halloween festival.  The Deli in the morning was becoming a routine.  He bought a tall non-fat latté as he chatted with Cindy about anything and everything.  It didn’t really matter.  Then he would return for lunch midday and chat some more.
Jesse swung his leg over the bike and stepped onto the sidewalk.  He removed his helmet and pulled back his straight, brown hair as he entered.  He was glad to find Cindy looking prettier than ever already behind the counter preparing for the day. Even better was the fact that the diner was empty allowing Jesse undisturbed time with Cindy.
 “Hi”
Cindy turned and smiled. “Hi,” she said as she walked over to the coffee machine, “the usual?”
“Yes,” Jesse said as he sat down at the counter.
Cindy worked the machine as it steamed the milk into a large container.  “How are you today?” she asked.
“I’m Okay, just hanging.  Nothing new, I guess. The store is busy because of Halloween.”
Cindy served him the steaming coffee, leaning close on the counter.  For a moment they just looked at each other and smiled.
“Are you planning to go to the Halloween festival?” Jesse asked and then quickly took a sip from the hot coffee mug.  It burned his upper lip and he pulled back in pain causing some coffee to spill on his jeans.
Cindy giggled and handed him a napkin.  “Be careful, it’s hot.” She warned.
Jesse wiped his lip and his lap.
“Yeah, I wouldn’t miss it.  I love to dress up, don’t you?”
“Nah, I’m not very big on Halloween, but I was thinking of going…”
The door opened and a young couple entered the Deli.  Cindy turned away from Jesse and immediately went into work mode.  She quickly pulled out her order pad and pencil as she explained the morning breakfast special.  Jesse watched her in a semi-trance.   The door opened again and three elderly women entered the Deli.  They fussed over where to sit and what they each were going to order.  The largest woman complained about her weight; the one that wore a funny hat bemoaned about her high blood pressure.  The third lady in the wrinkled dress fretted about everything else. Jesse concluded that his quiet time with Cindy was over and decided to leave.  He took his coffee, paid at the counter and waved to Cindy as he passed her on his way out.  She waved back with a smile.  Jesse told himself that she liked him.  He would just have to return later to invite her to the Halloween festival.
Jesse arrived at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store at 9:00 a.m.  He parked his motorcycle in the back, underneath the large, shady tree.  Once inside, he unlocked the front door, flicked on the store lights, pulled up the blinds and turned the sign around on the door to read OPEN.  
The wizard was standing across the street.  Jesse found it very odd that he didn’t notice him before.  He shrugged it off, concluding that he was probably still thinking about Cindy and just didn’t see him standing underneath the light post. 
Jesse made his way through the store.  There was something about the old house early in the morning that always made Jesse feel at home.  The way the morning light filters in through the large windows made Jesse think of champagne.  Everything looked different, fresh and clean.  He could live here.   He enjoyed the same thought every day, and it was always at about the same time and around the same place in the store -- at the foot of the steps.  Jesse glanced up to Mr. Claw’s office.  That would be my bedroom.  
The boxes at the top of the steps were gone and a few new hats hung on the wall.  A new, novice broom replaced the one sold yesterday to the young girl and her mom.  Jesse made his way to the front desk, placed his helmet on the floor behind him, and turned on the laptop.  The familiar starting sound informed him that it booted up.  Reluctant to start taking orders, Jesse glanced out the window and saw the wizard still standing in the same spot; grey, pointy hat flopped to the side, grey shirt, long black cloak and staff in hand.
Why doesn’t he come in? Jesse asked himself.
“BEEP”, a new order arrived, followed by another and then another.
Jesse looked out the window midway through the morning.  The persistent wizard was still there.  Pulling his hair back, he made his way to the front door and opened it.  The small bell playfully rang as it swung from side to side.  Jesse stood at the door and waved to the wizard who waved back, but didn’t move.  Jesse waved for him to come in.  The wizard waved for him to come over.  “Oh brother,” Jesse complained, closed the door behind him, and crossed the street.  
“Why don’t you come in?” asked Jesse, “We’ve been open for a few hours already.”
“Are you inviting me in?” asked the wizard. 
Jesse thought about the question.  “Yeah, I guess. Mi casa, su casa.” He said with a smile as he shrugged his shoulders.
“Wonderful, I accept your invitation.” And with that, the wizard hurried across the street into Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  The bell cautiously sounded as the door closed behind them.
The wizard removed his pointed hat as he entered the store and laid it down on the counter revealing short black hair with grey highlights that ran up his sideburns and around his ears, bushy dark eyebrows and dark eyes that twinkled as the scanned the store. He smiled when he saw the different brooms that hung on the wall.
“Very nice” He said as he approached the wall.  Jesse followed.  “You do have a large variety of brooms from novice to very professional - - excellent.” Jesse stood back carefully observing his guest.  He slowly passed his hand over the novice broom with his left hand; his right hand never letting go of his staff.  “I learned how to fly on one like this.”  There was a childish tone to his words.  “I ate it bad - - right into the side of a parked Volkswagen buggy.”
Jesse laughed.  “Boy, you really play the role well.”  He turned and went to his seat behind the desk.
The wizard turned to Jesse.  “What do you mean?”
“You almost fooled me - - like you could really fly on a broom.”
“Haven’t you?”
“POP”  
A small window appeared on the upper left corner of Jesse’s laptop computer screen.
CLAW:  Hello.
Jesse hesitated for a moment.  This is the first time that Mr. Claw tried to communicate with him other than through email.
JESSE:  Hello.
CLAW:  Are you busy?
JESSE:  Yes. I’m helping a customer who wants to buy a broom.

The wizard turned and faced the front desk.  “Is that your girlfriend?”
“Nooooo,” Jesse glanced at the wizard, “my boss.”
CLAW:  I just wanted to let you know that we are doing very well this month with sales and I will be giving you a bonus on your next paycheck.
“Yessssss!  He’s the best.”  Jesse made a fist and brought his arm into his side as a victory gesture.
JESSE:  Thank you, sir.
CLAW:  I’m expecting a package from Lord Alex Distribution Inc.; please send me an email as soon as it arrives.
JESSE:  Yes, sir.
Jesse then remembered.
JESSE:  By the way, sir, what did you think about my costume contest idea?
CLAW:  Yes, wonderful idea. However, not this year, there is too much going on.  The annual Halloween festival is enough for right now.
Claw has just signed off.
The wizard turned back to the broom wall, “I thought you were the boss?”
“Noooo, I only work here.”
“How long?”
“About six months…”
The wizard turned and faced Jesse, still holding his staff.  “Six months?  Have you undergone your review yet?”
“Nope, but my boss is happy with me.  He’s going to give me a bonus for increasing sales.”
“Congratulations, that sounds like a very nice boss.  What’s his name?”
“Hey, why all the questions?”  
The wizard smiled and turned back to the wall.  “Which is the fastest and latest model?  I figure if I’m going to start flying again, I want the best.”  
“That would be this one here.”  Jesse made his way to the broom wall and reached for a slick broom.  He took it and handed it to the wizard, “It’s the fastest broom you’ll ever fly.”
The wizard took the broom in his free hand.  He slowly looked over the broom obviously admiring its craftsmanship.  “It is beautiful.”  It was strong and light, made out of dark wood and hand carved for aerodynamics. The grip at the top curved for better control and the sleek, layered corn stalk with brass brackets allowed less wind resistance than other models.  This was indeed the Porsche of flying brooms.  “Cool,” He whispers to himself. “What’s it called?  Can I test fly it?”
“It’s called the Stealth and no you can’t test fly it!”  Jesse shook his head.  Is this guy for real?
“How fast does it go?  How high can it go at its top speed?  What about drop speed?  Can it stop on a raindrop?  I heard they could with an experienced rider.  What about warranty?  I would have to be able to test fly it first.  You don’t expect me to buy a broom without test flying it first.”  The wizard still held the broom in his hand.   “Have you flown it yet?”  The wizard acted like the kids that came by the store after school full of excitement and wonder.
“What?  Me? Are you kidding me?”
There was no answer.  The wizard waited for a response.
“Sir, this broom is not real.  It's a prop, straight from the movies.  They don’t fly.  I don’t fly.”
“You’re not a wizard?”
“Nooooo.”
“You’re not the owner?”
“Noooo.  I just told you I have a boss.” Jesse was back at his desk already impatient with the wizard.
“Then why are you here?” The wizard asked out loud but was really talking to himself.  He rested the broom against the wall.  
“I work here.”  Jesse replied.  	
“BEEP”, another order appeared on the screen.   
“Are you going to take the broom?” Jesse turned to his laptop.  The wizard was making his way across the room to the front door.  “And, we also sell magic wands.  Would you like to look at those?”
The wizard was not listening; he was mentally somewhere else, deep in thought.  His eyes glancing in different directions, but not focused on anything or anywhere.  Then he stopped.  He turned and followed the steps to the top and studied the locked office door.  There was a box in front of the door.   “What’s up there?”
“Mr. Claw’s office,” Jesse responded.
 “Does the mail come in his name?”  
“No, everything comes in my name.”  Jesse found the questions unusual.
The wizard stroked his goatee. He stood in the middle of the room staring up the steps very pensive. Then he quickly turned.  
“Jesse,” he said, as he hurried towards the front door.  “I am still interested in that broom, but you have to figure out a way that I can test fly it.” He grabbed his hat and placed it back on his head.  “And I don’t need a wand.  I’m old school and prefer a staff.”  He turned toward the front door and took hold of the handle.  “I’ll tell you what.  I need to go, but why don’t we get together again tomorrow morning and we’ll continue our conversation.”
“Okay,” said Jesse, trying to look busy; upset because he revealed his employer’s name.  Mr. Claw gave Jesse specific instructions not to give his name to anyone who came asking.  Mr. Claw was a very private and wealthy person who did not want to be bothered with hecklers or beggars.  It was the only request that Mr. Claw was very adamant about.  “Do I need to go get you across the street, or will you come into the store by yourself?” he asked the wizard.
“I can’t come into the store unless the owner invites me in, Jesse.  There is a powerful enchanted security system that keeps uninvited Wizardry out.  It’s called an Emunio Concutio.  However, I’m a little confused because you are not the owner, yet, you invited me in and I wasn’t affected.” The bell sounded as the wizard opened the door and turned to leave.  “I’ll see you tomorrow morning at 8:30 next door, at the coffee shop for breakfast.  Don’t be late.”  The door closed behind him and the bell sounded several times.
“BEEP”
A new order from Mily Breezy appeared on the screen.
“BEEP”
A new order from Yolanda Roundbottom followed.
I wonder where Nicholas Fidgewidge has been, thought Jesse.  He hasn’t placed an order lately.



Chapter 4
Murder

Jesse spent the rest of that day taking Internet orders; packaging and receiving boxes.  He was busy; too busy to even stop and have lunch at the Deli. Cindy would have to wait until later. Customers were coming in all afternoon looking for wands, brooms or hats to complete their Halloween costumes.  The Halloween festival was on Saturday night and the excitement was beginning to brew in Mount Dora; as a result, traffic increased at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  
It wasn’t until 5:00 pm that Jesse remembered the wizard.  The UPS man came by again to drop off and pick up packages. Jesse glanced out the window across the street; the wizard wasn’t there. Usually, the UPS man said nothing to Jesse besides the typical “Hi” or “See you later” and “Have a nice day.” He was always in a hurry, but this time he stopped Jesse as the young man made an attempt to lift one of the two large boxes marked “Fragile.”  
“Hold on there!  You might break what’s inside!”
Jesse looked at the box closely.  “Fragile, Contains glass, Handle with Care.”  Jesse drew back cautiously.
“I’ll carry it for you,” said the UPS man.  “Where do you want it?”
“Up there.”  Jesse pointed to the top of the steps.  He grabbed a couple of smaller boxes and followed the UPS man.
“Have you ever heard the history about this old house?” began the UPS man in a very spooky like voice.  “Murder,” he said slow and mysteriously. The word caught Jesse’s attention. “Yep, strange old man lived up here in this top room.  Folk say he was just down right nasty. Folk say that he went crazy one day and killed six people over a period of six months.  The funny thing is that he did it on the same day…crazy.  It took the cops forever to finally catch him.  Weird.”  The UPS man reached the top of the steps, placed the boxes carefully against the door and adjusted his belt.
“How did he kill them?”  The house suddenly felt very creepy to Jesse.  
“He would scare them to death as they waited for the bus.  That’s why the bus stop was moved down the street in front of the First National Bank.  Okay, see ya tomorrow.”  The UPS man skipped down the steps and grabbed his signature pad, but before he left, he stopped and turned back to Jesse.  
“Boo!”
Jesse was startled.  He felt so embarrassed.
The UPS man left the store laughing. 
Jesse stood at the top of the steps feeling stupid, alone and… a little scared but Jesse didn’t want to admit it.  The UPS man’s story was the last thing he expected.  It gave him the creeps.  He looked around.  Well, he thought, it’s time to go.  He hurried down the steps, turned off the computer, grabbed his helmet, turned off the lights, lowered the blinds and was outside in no time.  He locked the door behind him, ran down the alley and jumped on his motorcycle.  He couldn’t wait to get to his apartment.  He wasn’t thinking of Cindy, or the festival, or anything else; he only thought of the murder.  That night after dinner, he called back home and enjoyed a very nice long conversation with his family, then his friends, and anyone else he could get a hold of.  Jesse was scared.


Tuesday

The next morning, Jesse woke up extremely early and tired.  He spent the entire night tossing and turning in bed unable to sleep.  For some reason, the chilling story clung to him.  When he did manage to fall asleep, he would have the same nightmare; standing at the bus stop waiting to be murdered.  Finally, Jesse endured enough and decided to take an early morning drive, hoping that he could clear his head.  Jesse slowly drove by the Deli, but it was not open.  Not surprising, he thought, but nevertheless, he peeked through the windows only to find the store completely dark.  It was still too early in the morning. Cindy would have to wait until later.  Disappointed, Jesse mounted his bike and went on his way to meet the wizard.  He knew that he would arrive first and would have to wait, but he didn’t mind.  He looked forward to a nice hot cup of coffee and sitting alone.  Surprisingly, Jesse found the wizard sitting outside of the coffee shop on a small round table adorned with a pink rose in a small glass container. He wore his pointy, grey hat and black wizard’s cloak. His staff leaned against the table.  
They greeted each other with a handshake, and Jesse took a chair across from the wizard placing his motorcycle helmet on the floor next to him.
“I took the liberty of ordering you breakfast,” said the wizard as he sipped hot, dark coffee from a mug.
“Thank you.” Jesse murmured.    
“Bad night?” asked the wizard as he took another sip.  The smoke from the coffee whirled about as he spoke.
“Yeah, nightmares.”
Breakfast arrived.  It consisted of scrambled eggs, hash brown potatoes, bacon, sausage, buttered toast, pancakes and a large glass of milk.  “I hope you’re hungry,” said a heavyset waitress.
Jesse smiled, “I am,” and he began to eat.
“How did you know I would be here early?” Jesse munched on a spoonful of potatoes.
The wizard smiled.
“And how did you know I would be starving?”
“Now, when can I test fly that broom?”
Jesse rolled his eyes.  “Oh, brother”
“I mean to buy that broom, but I first need to fly it.  Let’s go back to your store and give it a try.”
“Mr. eh, huh, what is your name?”
“Beifar Mahgo”
“Buffer?”
“No, it’s Beifar.”  He took another sip from his coffee. “Let’s try to get it correct.  It is pronounced Bay-Far.” 
Jesse made one of those what-a-peculiar-name faces and then slowly repeated, “Bay… far”.
The waitress came by the table and refilled the mug.  
“Thank you.” The wizard sat back in his chair.  “Jesse,” he paused, “I need to tell you something.  I haven’t been completely honest with you, but I think you need to know.  I am a wizard.”  He spoke slowly and firmly.  Jesse didn’t respond.  The wizard took another sip.  “And a forty-five year old wizard also goes through a mid-life crisis.  Now, isn’t it better to buy an expensive broom and relive my youth, rather then go and do something my wife wouldn’t like?  I want to buy that broom. It’s the best on the market, and I got my wife’s okay.  Well, sort of … I mean, I hope so.”
“Prove it.  Prove that you’re a wizard.”
Beifar was silent.  The divulging process reached its climax; he was expecting it.  It was common whenever a Wizardry revealed him or herself.  All Folk asked to substantiate their claim of magic.  He experienced it many times throughout his career in the Department.  It was a critical moment in the bonding process between Wizardry and Folk; if he handled it incorrectly, the relationship would be broken, and in this case, that would be terrible for Beifar.  If accepted, and if Jesse could find it in himself to trust him, then the wizard would be able to continue and hopefully find the person he was searching for.  The divulging process always required proof, wizarding.  When Beifar was a rookie in the Department, he would perform some great feat of magic or special effect, but that usually frightened Folk away.  He discovered that the purpose was not to scare them, but just to get their attention.  The magic, he later came to learn, was in making Folk feel comfortable.  He looked right at Jesse and slowly took hold of the blue amulet that hung from his neck.  He held it tightly as the clear glass emanated a slight green glow. Jesse blinked and stopped chewing.    “Nightmares,” stated the wizard. “Fear, scared, terrified; dead people on sidewalks clutching their chests; there were six of them in front of your store.”  The wizard softened his grip on the stone.  “Did I pass the test?  Or do you require that I divulge personal facts and history?”
Jesse said nothing.  He sat starring at the wizard.  He took the tall glass of milk and drank it down fast, then placed it back on the same spot on the table.  “I’m sorry,” he said politely, “but I’ve seen that kind of stuff on TV.”  
The wizard smiled.  He then twitched his index finger with the same hand that held the amulet and the empty glass of milk slid across the table towards him.
Jesse’s eyes followed the glass as it slowly moved across the table into the wizard’s hand.
The wizard released the glass and it slowly slid back to where Jesse originally placed it.  Jesse’s mouth dropped, some of the breakfast still not swallowed.
“Can you really fly on brooms?”
“Of course!”  Beifar took another sip.  He allowed the divulging process to continue.  It was going to be the only way to gain Jesse’s trust.  “Broom flight is a piece of cake.  Anyone can do it.  If you can ride a bike, you can fly a broom.”
“But how?”  
“The first, and most important rule is -- don’t sit on the handle of the broom; it hurts.  No real flier sits on the handle.  You sit on the back; the straw part, called the saddle.  And most of all, you have to trust the broom.  A broom does not fly unless you first trust it completely.  No doubt; no insecurity; no fear; complete trust.”  Beifar paused, his eyes turned to the clear morning sky, as he envisioned himself soaring above the clouds.  “To go forward, you lean forward; to go slow, you sit up; to go fast you lean forward and get really low; the lower you lean, the faster the broom flies.  A good flyer can get his entire body flat against the shaft, gripping the handle with one hand, cheek almost touching the shaft; that way the other hand is free for snatching.  There is nothing like it.”  His eyes grew wide and his eyebrows rose high on his forehead.  Jesse watched Beifar attentively while eating his breakfast.  He reached for the milk glass, not remembering that it was empty, and took an empty sip; Jesse was mesmerized.  A gentle breeze came down the street and slightly pulled the brim of Beifar’s hat to one side.  The autumn air was cool and fresh as it came up from the lake.  “The grip is very important.  The broom handle needs to be a perfect fit.  The Stealth broom has a great handle, at least for me.  I can hold on to it and keep my other hand free for my staff.”	
“Why don’t you use a wand?” interrupted Jesse.
“Old school, I’m sort of a history fanatic, and, to be honest, I think it looks cooler.  Besides, I’ve found that it could be useful for martial art moves,” answered the wizard.  Then he continued, “You know a broom is flown very much like a motorcycle.”  Jesse’s interest peaked when he heard motorcycle.  “You turn by leaning your body to the sides.  To go down, you push down on the handle, and to go up, you pull up, simple.  To land, you push down gently, and then pull up as you approach the landing, running with it, until you’re completely stopped.”  The wizard paused for a moment and drank more coffee.  “I haven’t flown on a broom in years.  To feel the wind rushing by and pulling on my cloak is a thrill.  Dodging buildings and performing somersaults through low clouds; man it’s so awesome.”  The wizard then turned his gaze towards Jesse, surprised to find him leaning far to his right.  “Do you think you can do it?”
Jesse returned to reality.  “No,” he said as he swallowed.
The wizard smiled.
“Is your wife a witch?”
He took another sip, “Nope, she’s a Folk.”
“Folk?”
“Well, that’s sort of a nickname for non-magic people.  It’s also what they call themselves. Folks around here don’t like that; folks say; folks don’t like your kind.  You know?”
Jesse laughed and Beifar smiled.  The divulging process was going well.	
“Do you have kids?”
“Yep, two boys.  Andrew, the oldest, is sixteen and Brendan, the youngest is fourteen.  They are both in high school at Marcellin; the same one I attended.”
“Are they wizards?  Are they in a wizard school?”
“No, magic school is too expensive on my salary.  It’s a local school for boys that offers special classes to wizards.”
“Everybody in that school knows of wizards?”
“No, that would be against the Salem Concord. Just a couple of teachers are wizards; they teach regular sciences, reading, and math courses to the Folks. They teach magic in secret.  Classes are usually held everyday in a different room.  As for my boys, I’m not sure; they seem to have some sense of magic, but no more than that.  I have a cousin, Ana, who works in the Identification and Records Department in New York City. She came to visit the boys when they reached puberty but she said they showed no signs of wizardry.  With no signs of magic, they never received a letter for Wizarding School.”  Beifar looked concerned.  “I don’t know.  Maybe they’re just regular Folk like my wife, or maybe they’re late bloomers -- that can also happen.  Neither one shows any interest in magic.” He complained.  “This year they’ve been complaining about dressing up for Halloween and don’t want to take part in any Halloween events.  I don’t get it.  My family of Wizardry goes back many generations.  There has always been at least one in every generation of my family.  Where did I go wrong?”  
Jesse didn’t know what to do or say.  He felt as if he was sitting before his father and hearing him complain that his son was not going away to college.  Jesse retained no interest in continuing the family tradition of becoming an attorney.  For the first time, he understood how his father was feeling.
“So what’s the Salem Concord?” Jesse asked, hoping to change the subject.
“Good question.  It’s the agreement between Wizardry and Folk that ended the Salem Witch War.  You know it as the Salem Witch Trials, but it was much more than that, much more.   History was purposely altered to keep us a secret.  That was one of the conditions of the agreement.  That’s why you don’t know about us.” 
“So there are others like you?”
Beifar smiled, “More than you can ever imagine.  We can be your neighbor, boss, or the butcher at the local supermarket.  We’re everywhere, but we just live in secret.”
Jesse wiped the plate clean with the last bite of toast finishing his breakfast.  He sat back in his chair, stuffed.  Jesse wasn’t really sure whether to believe Beifar or not.  Yeah, the moving glass was a good trick and there was no way he could have known of his dream, but maybe he just possessed one of those sixth sense things. He could have used magnets or something to move the glass across the table. Regardless, he found the conversation very interesting; the breakfast delicious, and felt comfortable sitting and conversing with the wizard. “What about villains?  Are there any real villain wizards?”  
The wizard quickly sat up.
“Jesse, you have to listen to me very carefully.  Yes, there are evil wizards and I’m concerned with your safety.”
Jesse sat up, “My safety, why?”
 “I’m a secret agent.”  Beifar paused.
Jesse’s expression changed.  Now he really doubted the man sitting across from him.  It was hard enough to believe Beifar was a wizard but adding secret agent to the mix made it more difficult for Jesse to trust him or take him seriously.
Beifar noticed Jesse’s doubt.  This was a critical moment and he couldn’t afford to lose Jesse.  The wizard squeezed the amulet again.  A sharp, yellow light shot through his fingers, and quickly vanished.  Jesse sat marveled.  The waitress turned toward the table, the flash having caught her eye, but now it was gone.  She looked down the street searching for a car; none could be seen.  She shrugged it off and continued to pour coffee into someone else’s mug.
“I need you to stay focused, Jesse.  If you start to doubt me, your life will be in great danger.  Do you understand?”
Jesse nodded.
“I’ve been chasing an escaped convict.  He’s a very dangerous man who has killed before and will kill again.  My leads point to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  That’s why I’m here and I’m running out of time.  By the end of this month something is going down.  He works in six-month cycles.  He kills someone every six months and he’s already been out of prison for six months so he’s due to kill someone soon.” He paused.  “This man is sick and crazy.”
Jesse’s mind began to race.  He worked at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store for six months; the previous owner of the house where he worked killed someone every six months.    
“What does it have to do with me?”
Beifar reached into his wizard’s cloak and pulled out a roll of papers tucked inside a pocket.  “You tell me?”
Jesse took the roll of papers and looked them over.  They were copies of legal documents dating back to May, shortly after his hire date.  Ownership papers and corporation papers revealed that Jesse Alexander was the owner of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  All were notarized and signed with his signature.  Jesse gave the papers back to Beifar.  “What the heck is this?”
“Why are you the owner of the store?” the wizard took hold of his staff while Jesse re-read the documents.  
“I’m not!” Jesse shouted.  					
The waitress turned and made her way towards them.  Jesse’s outburst caught the other patrons’ attention.  “Is everything alright?” she asked.  Beifar held out his mug so she could refill it.  He winked and she understood -- teenagers. 
“Jesse, you are the owner of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.” Beifar leaned closer and lowered his voice to almost a whisper.  “There is a powerful spell on that building that keeps investigators like me from going inside.  The only way to go around the spell is if the owner, and only the owner, invites me in.  That’s why yesterday I was standing outside most of the day.  It wasn’t until you invited me in that I was able to enter the store.”  Jesse gave no response; he just listened.  “These are legal documents evidencing a conveyance and bank loan to you.  Everything has been properly executed and recorded.  They also include corporation papers and insurance policies with your name on them. Whether you like it or not, you are the owner of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  You have been since May.  Six months ago…”
“This is crazy… you are crazy… I’m leaving.”  Jesse scooted his chair back to stand.  Beifar slightly waved his staff and Jesse couldn’t get up.  He attempted again, but still couldn’t stand.  He was stuck to the chair, and the chair was stuck to the ground.  The wizard smiled.  “Listen.”  The young man reluctantly settled back in his chair, pulled on his long sleeve sweater, and pouted.
“I’m only trying to help you.  You have to take this seriously.  Your life can be in great danger.  Do you understand?  This man is a known killer.” 
“I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
“I’m talking about Mr. Claw.”
Jesse stared deep into the wizard’s eyes in disbelief.  “Mr. Claw?  No way!”
“Jesse, you have to help me. I know this sounds unbelievable, but I have less than a week to find this criminal.  I don’t even know what he looks like.  All his records have been magically destroyed.  Someone from the inside is working with him.  I have never seen him. He has eliminated anyone outside of his personal circle that can recognize him. Jesse, I’m what you would call an undercover cop of the Wizardry world.”
“You’re undercover?  With that pointy hat and staff, you’re undercover?” Jesse pointed to the wizards clothing and shook his head as he chuckled.
“Before he died, Nicholas said that he was at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  Instead of finding him, I found you.”
“Nicholas?  I know a Nicholas; Nicholas Fidgewidge?”
“Yes, Nicholas Fidgewidge.”
Oh no, thought Jesse, this is for real!


Chapter 5
Yolanda Roundbottom

Jesse attempted to get up, but he was still glued to his seat.  “Let me go!”  He wiggled in his seat.  “Let me go, I need to get to the store and check him out.”  The wizard ever so slightly waved his staff and Jesse was free.   He jumped to his feet, free and confused.  
“How do you know him?”  The wizard asked.
“He’s one of my best customers.”  Jesse reached down and grabbed his motorcycle helmet. ”He sends us items and he orders stuff all the time.  He’s been a steady customer until the last couple of weeks.”
Beifar stood, reached into his dark striped pants pocket and withdrew some money.  He threw a few dollars on the table and faced Jesse.  “Who else, Jesse?  Who else orders regularly from the store?”
Jesse felt edgy.  The entire conversation rushed through his head.  His life was really in danger.   He could feel sweat dripping down his sideburns.  He didn’t want to, but the thought of a madman, let alone a mad wizard, was just too much to fathom.  Beifar took hold of Jesse’s shoulder with his free hand and gave it a slight squeeze.  “Get a grip, Jesse.  I’m here to help you, but you have to trust me.”  
Jesse felt a soothing sensation flow through him as if he just drank a cup of warm milk before going to bed.
“Yolanda something and Mily something.  I don’t remember their last names right now. I’m a little tense, alright?  I need to get back to the store and check the orders.”  Jesse turned and started walking away.  The wizard did not move.  He watched Jesse leave.  
It wasn’t till Jesse made it to the front door of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store that he noticed that Beifar remained behind.  He searched down the sidewalk and found the wizard standing where he left him back at the café.  Jesse waved for him to follow.  No response.  He rolled his eyes and ran back to Beifar.  “Will you please come into Alivan’s Wizard and Witch’s Corner?” he asked frustrated.
“Are you inviting me?” asked the wizard very patiently.
“Yes!”
Once inside, Jesse did not turn on the store lights, or bother with the blinds.  He didn’t even turn over the OPEN/CLOSED sign. 
“BEEP”
The familiar sound of a new order was heard as soon as the computer booted up.
“BEEP”
“BEEP”	
An order appeared from Yolanda Roundbottom.
“That’s her... that’s one of them.”
“What did she order?” asked Beifar.
Jesse hit the keys on the keyboard, and slid his mouse this way and that.  “A set of wands on sale, overnight delivery, and one novice broom.”
“What address?”
“It’s a PO Box,” Jesse wrote it down quickly and gave it to the wizard, “somewhere in Boston.”
Beifar took the slip of paper and read the mailing address.  “That post office is near Harvard University. I know where it is.  Good.”  He turned towards the door.  “I need to go there now.”
“But, what about me?  Should I go home?  Get out of town?”
“No, if you do that, it might alarm Mr. Claw.  You stay here and do what you always do.  Keep your eyes and ears open for anything unusual.   Whatever you do, don’t let anyone know about me.  Got it?”
Jesse nodded anxiously.  It was a mix between yes and no.  “You know what? That’s what Mr. Claw always tells me too.”
“I wonder why?”
“Excuse me, sir.  It appears that your wife would like to speak to you, sir.”  A strange voice with a strong English accent came from the wizard’s pocket.  “She is a lovely creature, sir, a true gem.  I do hope that someday I would be so lucky to marry a woman like her, sir.  Would you like for me to answer it, sir? I would love to say hello.”
Beifar reached into his pant pocket and pulled out his cell phone. “I will speak to her, Jeeves, thank you.”  
Jesse watched how Beifar changed his tone of voice, removed his hat, leaned his staff against the counter and even changed his expression. Jesse would have never guessed that he was a wizard if it weren’t for his cloak.  Beifar appeared just as much a Folk as he did.  Jesse pretended he was working as he listened to Beifar speak to his wife.  He spoke to her about his job as a pharmaceutical sales rep and how the meetings he was supposedly attending were going.  Beifar kept the conversation short and direct. When it was finally over, he turned to Jesse looking very guilty.  
“She doesn’t know I’m an undercover agent.  She doesn’t like all this magic stuff.”  Beifar shrugged his shoulder.
“Then why do you do it?”
“Because there are guys out there like Claw that need to be stopped, and I’m one of those guys that can do it.  If I don’t, then who will?”
Jesse struggled with the comment.  Should he disapprove because Beifar wasn’t being honest with his wife, or was he just surprised that there really was a bad guy out there, or, was he grateful that, if true, a real wizard was ready to help?  Jesse quickly decided that his self-preservation was the priority right now.
“Let me have your cell number,” said Jesse.  “If anything comes up, I can call you.”
“You’ll be all right.” Beifar wrote his number down.  “But remember, if you need me in the store, you have to invite me in.  I’m going to go pay Yolanda a little visit.”  He tucked the phone back in his pant pocket, placed his hat back on his head and grabbed his staff.  Jesse nodded and watched the wizard leave the store.  The door closed behind him, the bell rung, and Beifar disappeared as Jesse heard a tap on the outside porch floor.

***

“Cold” was the only word that resounded in Beifar’s mind, and it was.  Boston was freezing.  It was midmorning, but it felt just as cold as midnight.  Beifar pulled his hat down over his forehead, and wrapped his long cloak tight, hoping to feel warmer, as he stood directly in front of Yolanda Roundbottom’s house. 
Cambridge was busy, as usual, with students making their way to coffee shops, riding bikes or jogging.  All were well protected from the chilly weather, except for the wizard.  One young jogger ran by, turned and gave Beifar a thumbs up and shouted, “Trick or Treat,” over the fast beat sounds, emanating from his iPod.  Beifar did not respond.  He was carefully studying Yolanda Roundbottom’s house.  It was a typical, tight and cute two story Bostonian home with large windows and steps that led to a small porch.  A witch on a broom lightning rod on the top of the roof caught his attention.  It pointed to the west, squeaking, as the breeze made its way through the trees and over the neighborhood houses.  Five large pumpkins decorated the front porch and steps.  The sign on the door read, “Witches are Welcome.”  
The wizard reached for his amulet. He waited for a response.  Nothing, the way was safe.  With staff in hand, he ventured through the manicured yard and up the steps.  He stopped right before the front door. The floor mat drew his gaze.  “No one can see the Wizard.”  Oh brother, he thought.
Beifar rang the front doorbell.  “Coming,” sang a voice from inside.  A few of the windows were opened and he could hear someone running around making final arrangements.  “I’ll be right theeeeerrrr,” she sang.  The wizard relaxed his stance.  The minutes ticked by as she continued to apologize for her lateness, keeping Beifar waiting outside in the cold.  
Finally, the door swung open.  “Oh!” she said surprised.  “Oh,” she repeated with a smile.  “A wizard.”  She reached out, grabbed Beifar by the hand, and pulled him inside.   “No one can see the wizard, not nobody, not no how.” She giggled as she steered him through the foyer and into the small, cluttered living room.  The wizard just went along, not sure how to react.
“Are you Yolanda Roundbottom?” He finally asked as she circled around him admiring his clothing.	
“Excellent,” she commented “very nice quality.  Oh, yes, I am Yolanda.”  She stepped back. “How can I help you?  Aren’t you a little early?”
Beifar looked confused.  
“Oh my, where are my manners?  Sit down please.  Let me serve you a warm cup of coffee.  I just made a pot.”  Yolanda turned and disappeared behind the wall into the kitchen.
“Mrs. Roundbottom…”
“It’s Miss.”  She answered back from the kitchen.  “Would you like sugar and cream?”
“No, thank you.  I’ll take it black.  You wouldn’t have Cuban coffee would you?”
“Cuban?  Is that like espresso?”
“Better.”
“No, I don’t have an espresso machine.”
“Miss Roundbottom, I would like to ask you a few questions, if you don’t mind?”  His hostess entered the room and handed him a cup of coffee filled to the rim.  “Thank you,” said Beifar, as they both sat down across from each other in matching armchairs, with very comfortable pillows.
Beifar sipped at his coffee while he studied the room.  Family portraits hung on the wall; tacky drapes drooped on the side of the windows; trinkets and lit lamps covered a variety of end tables; and a stone fireplace.  A broom that he recognized from Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store rested to the side of the fireplace.
“You order everything from Alivan’s?” he asked her as he rested the coffee cup on its saucer.
“Oh, yes!” She beamed.  “And so do the other girls.  We all shop through Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.”	
“Girls?”
“Yes, the ladies from the club.  You know, that’s whom you’ll be speaking to today.  I’m sorry that I kept you waiting outside, but I was trying to finish making the sandwiches and goodies.”  Yolanda waved her hand in the air.  “I love to just conjure up little things like that.”
Speaking?  The wizard decided to play along.
“How many witches will be coming?”
“We’re a small group; only six, but I sent that information in the email.”
“I’m sorry but my computer crashed.  I lost the information.  I only remembered the date.  At what time will they be arriving?”
“In a little while, but Mary Weather usually arrives early to give me a hand.  Oh, and she just bought a new broom from Alivan’s.  She received it in the mail yesterday and I rushed over to see it.  I had to.  I couldn’t wait until today.  It’s a beautiful Lady Godiva model.  It is sooooo comfortable, especially for women our age.”
I don’t have much time, thought Beifar.  
“And you, Mr.…?” Yolanda was middle-aged.  She was short and round with long, brown, uncontrollable, wavy hair that she was constantly sweeping back behind her neck because it wouldn’t stay in place.   Her robes were different shades of green with a large collar that folded down over her shoulders. 
“I am the Wizard Beifar Mahgo. I hope you don’t mind, but I checked your registry before I came over and I noticed that you only recently registered with the Department of Identification and Records.  No family heritage or family name?”  He paused, and looked her straight on.  “Why?”
“Oh how wonderful!!!!” She clapped excitedly. “It went through.  I’m not good at computers, just got a new one recently. I came upon the Identification of Wizards and Witches website while doing a search on witches.  I thought, why not?  After I did it, I advised my girlfriends to do the same and they also registered.  Oh, how marvelous!  Does that mean that we are now registered witches?  The girls will love to hear the news.  You are very good, Wizard Beifar.  The ladies are going to love you.”
The wizard didn’t know what to make of it.  The Identification of Wizardry was not supposed to be an Internet site.  No doubt it was another attempt by a radical Wizardry group to expose the Wizardry community to the rest of the Folk world; a breach of the Salem Concord.
“I have to ask you something.  Did you buy your outfit at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store?”  Yolanda grinned.  “I love it!”
Beifar frowned. “No ma’am, but I was just there before I materialized over here.”
 “Oh, how wonderful!  How marvelous!  Did you meet, Jesse, the owner?”
Beifar placed his coffee on the end table next to his armchair nonchalantly and slowly placed both hands on his staff.  How did she know that Jesse was the owner of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store?  She must to be involved somehow.
Yolanda leapt to her feet.  She reached over, took hold of the wizard’s right arm and pulled him up steering him into the adjoining room. “You need to come and see my collection.  I think most of it comes from Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.”   Beifar let her guide him, while maintaining both hands on his staff.
Yolanda swung the door open and pushed the wizard inside.  The room was full of all sorts of witch items, contraptions, and a collection of junk related to witches. Every witch ever seen in a movie was represented in an action figure, picture frame or paraphernalia, including all types of brooms, hats, dresses, shoes and even socks.  It was amazing.  An old medicine cabinet stood in the corner containing all sizes and shapes of bottles filled with weird bugs and herbs.  Next to the medicine cabinet was a huge cauldron, dark and dirty.  “Aren’t I the perfect witch?”  She walked into the center of the room and turned toward Beifar, who stood obviously perplexed and speechless.  “Most of this I bought at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  That dear boy, Jesse, has been very helpful.”
“Ma’am, Jesse is not the owner of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.”
Yolanda’s eyes widened.  Beifar tightened the grip on his staff.  He didn’t really know what to expect.
“He’s not?  Then who is?  I thought he told me he was the owner - - such a nice young man.  He gave me a great deal on my new wand.”  She pulled it out of her green robe and waved it slightly at the wizard.  Beifar raised his staff, ready to block a spell, but nothing happened.  
“Oh, well, I hope the new owner is just as helpful?”
“Miss Roundbottom, Jesse was never the owner, he is an employee.  The owner is Mr. Claw.”
“Mr. Claw?  Oh…no, Mr. Mahgo, Mr. Claw is the employee.  He told me himself, in an email.  He does the purchasing for Jesse.  In fact, I just sold him a case of, what he called, Dragon Breath.  He should have received it by now.  I sent it UPS overnight.”  She turned and made her way to the medicine cabinet.  
“Dragon Breath!”  Beifar quickly walked over to her and took hold of her arm.  “Miss Roundbottom, you just committed a national crime.  Don’t you know that selling or trafficking Dragon Breath is against the law?”
“Mr. Mahgo, please unhand me.”  Yolanda pulled her arm loose and stepped back, pointing her wand at the wizard.  He froze.  “Dragon Breath is nothing more than a rare weed. It’s a cute magical name for a weed. It grows in Gina’s rose garden.”
“Miss Roundbottom, put your wand down.  It’s against the law to point a weapon at a law enforcer?”
The doorbell rang.  
“What do you mean law enforcer?  Sir, my guests are arriving.  I don’t have time for this right now.”  Yolanda lowered her wand, tapping it against her leg impatiently.
“Miss Roundbottom, are you a witch?”
“Sir, I am no more a witch than you a wizard.  This is a club and nothing more,” her voice stern and clearly upset.  “Now, my guests are arriving, and you, sir, were hired to give a talk about wizards and only that, not law enforcement.  You are the professor from Harvard, recommended by the local Men’s Wizard Club, aren’t you?”
“No, Miss Roundbottom, I am a wizard and a federal agent. You just sold a very dangerous man a weapon of mass destruction.”
“Oh, how dare you sir?  I am insulted.  I would have you know that I am a law-abiding citizen, a volunteer at the local library, and at the hospital.  I have never and will never willingly commit a crime.  And, I have definitely never sold anyone any weapon of mass destruction.  I am not a terrorist.”  Yolanda crossed her arms and huffed.
Beifar reached for his amulet and pointed it at Yolanda.  It glowed in his grip as the room grew pale blue.  She was telling the truth.  Yolanda Roundbottom was a Folk.
Yolanda stood still, astounded. 
The doorbell rang again.  “Yolanda, it’s me, Mary. I came early to help out.” She could be heard through the open window as she tried to peek inside. “Is everything all right?  Who are you in there with, dear?”
Yolanda dared not answer, breathe or blink.  Mary continued calling out for Yolanda as she jiggled the door handle trying to force it to open.  
With every ounce of courage she could muster, Yolanda shouted, “Mary! Call the cops.” 
Beifar frowned as he drew closer, gazing angrily at Yolanda.  Yolanda brought her hands up to her mouth trembling.  Her eyes grew large.  She gasped as she expected the worst.   The wizard towered over Yolanda as he raised his staff over his head, brought the end down hard against the wood floor, and . . . FLASH. The wizard was gone.  Yolanda fainted.
Mary Weather heard a thump.  She pushed hard against the door until it opened.  “Yolanda?  Yolanda?” She rushed in, uncertain which way to turn, as she placed her broom against the wall.  Behind her, two more witches entered.  Puzzled, they observed Mary hurry into the adjoining room and then they heard her scream.  When they entered the witch room, they found Mary on her knees trying to wake Yolanda, as she gently swept her brown curly hair from her face.  Confusion followed as one witch called 911 on her cell while another rushed to the kitchen and brought a glass of cold water and poured the entire contents on Yolanda’s face.  The three elderly ladies knelt around her with bated breath as Yolanda stirred.
Yolanda glanced at her three friends for a moment.  No words or sounds emerged from her mouth, just a silly grin that caused goose bumps to crawl up the ladies’ backs.  
“No one can see the wizard, not nobody, not no how.” She murmured and fainted again. 
Chapter 6
Gina Saw the Wizard

“Has anything unusual arrived?”  The wizard spoke into his cell phone as he hurried away from Yolanda Roundbottom’s house.  “Anything that is not common to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store?”
Jesse paused.  He looked around the store from his desk, everything here is unusual, he thought. “I did receive a box that contained some fragile, glass items.”
This is hopeless, thought Beifar frustrated.    
“Is anything wrong?” Jesse asked.  
“Yolanda Roundbottom sold Mr. Claw Dragon Breath!  It’s an illegal herb that if combined with the correct items and spells becomes a weapon of mass destruction.”
Jesse couldn’t believe it.  He reclined in the chair pulling his hair back; a weapon of mass destruction, seriously?  Was Beifar for real?  He swung to the side as the answering machine’s electrical cord unknowingly wrapped around the end of his chair.  Then he swung back to his original position and the cord pulled, knocking the machine over.  It fell on the floor, made a funny sound and died.  Great, thought Jesse, that’s the third one I’ve broken.
 “But how did Mr. Claw find it?” continued the wizard. “The Department has gotten rid of most of it; the little that’s left can’t be traced.   You know what, Jesse?  She told me that Mr. Claw is your employee and that you are the owner of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.”
Jesse fumbled with the broken answering machine.  
“BEEP”
An order came in.  
“BEEP” 
Another order -- Jesse was about to burst. Everything was happening too fast and it was all crazy - - wizards, weapons of mass destruction, the ownership of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store, and now, the broken answering machine.  Jesse just wanted to run, to get away.  He wanted to jump on his bike and go home, never to return, and hopefully, one day, he would completely forget about all this or, better yet, he’d wake up and discover it was all just a dream.  Jesse grabbed his helmet and rushed toward the front door.  “I’m getting out of here!” he told the wizard.
“No! No!” shouted the wizard over the cell phone as he stopped running.  “You can’t.  Jesse, thousands of people can be dead by the end of this week.  You and I are the only two that are aware of it and we might be the only ones who can stop it.”
“Well, call the cops!” shouted Jesse.  “I want out of this.”
“If we contact the cops Mr. Claw will find out and we’ll be worse off than now.  Jesse, he’s a wizard, remember?  And if it’s any comfort, so am I.  Whether you like it or not, you’re very much involved.”  Beifar started running again.
Jesse stood at the door of the store.  He felt alone.  He was now part of a bizarre world that threatened everything.  The only hope of getting back to some kind of normality was on the other end of the phone.  A middle-aged man who wore a pointy, grey hat and carried a long staff everywhere he went.  Great, thought Jesse, how normal is that?
“Jesse?  Jesse?  Are you there?”
“Yes, I’m still here.” He spoke slowly. “Will you help me, Beifar?”
“I’ll … help you… son.”  Beifar was obviously running as he said this.
Jesse reluctantly returned to his desk.  He found himself wanting to trust someone.  He thought for a moment of calling the police, but what if all this was true?  What if Mr. Claw was a fugitive - - a murderer?  Then what?  And how was he going to explain that a teenager owned a business?  How was he going to explain that he’s never met the owner of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store? He was trapped; he faced no other choice.  
“Why are you running?”
“I’m trying … to find a place where I can vanish …, but everywhere I turn… there’s someone.  Now listen to me, you … mentioned a fragile box … filled with glass items?  I’m going on … a wild hunch, but give … me the address from where … it was shipped.”  Jesse could hear the wizard’s heavy breathing.
Jesse searched through the delivery orders on the laptop for the address.  He found what the wizard was requesting.  “Why?  What are you going on?”
“Not much,” responded the wizard, still running.  “But you said … it’s the only … unusual thing … that has happened recently … at the shop.”  
Jesse gave Beifar the shipper’s address.  It was located somewhere in Atlanta.  The sender’s name was Lord Alex, Lord Alex Distribution Inc., to be exact.  The wizard thanked him and hung up.  
Jesse looked around the room.  Brooms, wizards and witches’ hats, robes and wands filled the store.  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was an outlet for wizards and witches.  It was not a costume shop.  And he owned it!  What did I get myself into?



Gina Thomas was dressed in a new, purple, witch outfit, hat and all. Everything was been purchased at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  She drove down the street in her two-door Ford, Pinto as she talked on her cell phone to one of her witch girlfriends.  She was upset at herself because she was late to the witches’ meeting at Yolanda Roundbottom’s house and missed all the excitement.  Hurriedly, she made a right turn onto the next street when she noticed a strange man wearing a large, grey, pointy hat and long, black cloak running down the road headed right for her car.  He lifted his staff, and without missing a step, tapped the ground and leapt over the car.  His right foot landed on the hood and his left on the roof.  There was a quick burst of light and he was gone.  Gina screamed, slammed on the brake and the tires skidded, marking the road, as the car swerved.  The stench of burnt tires was horrible.  Once the car stopped, Gina immediately turned around in her seat.  She dropped her cell phone and someone on the other end called out to her.  She desperately tried to locate the stranger but there was no one in sight.  She clapped, as she jumped up and down in her seat, smiling from ear to ear, and repeating over and over,   “I saw the wizard!  I saw the wizard!”  On the other end of the phone, delightful clapping and cheering could also be heard, “Gina saw the wizard!”

***

The elevator doors opened on the penthouse floor of a tall, office building somewhere in downtown Atlanta.  The wizard Beifar appeared in a flash leaving the elevator.
BAM!
Beifar felt his head split and fell to the floor as everything went dark.

***

At 5:00 pm Jesse rapidly finalized the last order before shutting down the laptop.  It was finally time to go.  He swiftly made his way around the front desk and picked up the last of the boxes that UPS recently delivered.  The UPS man was also in a hurry to end his day, so the conversation went no further than “hi” and “see you tomorrow.”  The boxes weren’t heavy so Jesse assumed that they contained hats or robes.  He wasn’t sure because he never opened them.  He was given strict orders to only carry them to the top of the stairs.  Mr. Claw emptied them and stocked the shelves.  When Jesse arrived in the morning, he would find an inventory of the new items on his desk.  It was his responsibility to enter the information into the system to keep an ongoing record.   It was less work for him so, he didn’t mind the procedure but ever since he met the wizard Beifar, he found it odd. 
In fact, everything about working at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was odd.  It was odd that he never met Mr. Claw.  It was odd that he was listed as the owner of the store.  It was odd how he received his paychecks.  It was odd that Yolanda Roundbottom believed that Mr. Claw was the employee and he was the owner.  Everything was odd.  Needless to say, his new friend, a secret agent wizard, was also odd.  Then Jesse realized that he hadn’t heard from the wizard since lunchtime.  He found that odd, so he decided to call him on his cell phone.  Jesse placed the last of the boxes on the top of the stairs and went back to his desk.  He took the small paper with the wizard’s cell number and dialed it.  The phone rang.  As he waited for the answer, he pushed back the new answering machine from its resting place. He didn’t want to break another one.  There was no answer - - odd.
***

“Excuse me, sir; it appears that Jesse Alexander is trying to reach you, sir.  Would you prefer that I take a message or will you answer the phone, sir?”  Beifar’s cell phone chimed.
The wizard Beifar slowly regained consciousness as his cell phone repeated the same message.  Beifar felt as if a ton of bricks landed on his head.  He sat in a large, dark conference room in a handsome, comfortable chair. He tried to move, but he couldn’t.  He felt as if tied up with strong ropes but none were visible.  He was under a hex.  He searched for his staff, but it was nowhere in sight.  His hat sat on a large conference table next to a wooden bowl containing a glowing red rock that emanated smoke.  High ceilings, dark wood paneling, and pulled blinds made the room appear ominous.  How long was I out?   He wondered.
The doors to the conference room were thrown open.  A tall, bald man, with a dark moustache and goatee, dressed in a very expensive dark suit, white shirt and red tie hurried in carrying the wizard’s staff.   He gave a fake smile as he quickly approached the wizard.  Beifar recognized him at once and frowned.  Thinking fast, the wizard waved his hand slightly and his staff immediately responded.  It pulled at the man, but he fought it, and held it back.  
“Lord Alex,” said Beifar trying not to show any emotion.  There was no response.  Lord Alex quickly approached and punched the wizard across the face.  Beifar regained himself without allowing any pain to show.  He sat up straight and stared directly at Lord Alex.
“I assume you enjoyed that?” Beifar asked.	
“No, not at all -- the enjoyment will come when I finish with you.”

***

Jesse put down the cell phone.  The wizard must be on to something, he thought.  And what am I doing just sitting here?  I should be helping, but how?   I don’t even know who Mr. Claw is?  No one does.  He looked at the top of the stairs.  The door was shut and the boxes were still there.  Right then Jesse decided that he would be the one to find out, he went back around his desk and up the steps.  He stood before the door – his heart beating so fast he could hear it -- then placed his right hand on the door handle and tried to open it, but it was locked.  What a relief.  Jesse was scared but he decided he would wait until someone showed up.  Someone always came.  The boxes were opened every night.   Jesse went back down the stairs, pulled down the blinds, turned the sign over on the door to read CLOSED and sat at his desk.   He turned on the laptop and began to surf.  He was going to wait all night for Mr. Claw to return and then he would be able to identify him.

***

“I will have you arrested.”  Beifar warned.  
“You will not, agent Mahgo.”  Lord Alex smiled, sliding his hands repeatedly over the staff.  “You were trespassing.  Breaking the law.”  
“You have Brimstone without a permit!” Beifar gestured with his head to the smoldering rock.  “That is a federal crime.  Now let me go.”
“I don’t think so.”  Lord Alex walked around the wizard.  “Now why is a secret agent from the Department visiting my office?  Have I done something wrong, agent?”
“Right now you are,” answered the wizard.  “Binding a government official with a hex is a federal offense.  Of course, you don’t live by the law, do you?  You never have.”
Lord Alex took the staff in both hands and swung it high over his head bringing it down hard at Beifar just inches from his feet.  The wizard jerked back in his chair.  Lord Alex smiled.  “I can kill you, agent wizard.  Why are you here?”
“You kill me and the Department will be notified immediately of the location of my death.  You won’t get away with it.”
Lord Alex paused, “Your advancement in modern wizardry never ceases to amaze me.  Very well then, let’s get back to the question, why are you here?”
“Fragile boxes sent to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store from your mailing address.  Why?”
Lord Alex thought for a moment.  Then he smiled again.  “You don’t expect me to give you any information, do you?”  He moved around, pulled back another chair and sat down.  He placed the staff on the center of the huge conference table.
“Raven Fidgewidge?” inquired Beifar.
Lord Alex sat quietly thinking, reviewing his options.  Beifar waited.  
The cell phone rang again.  “Excuse me, sir…”
“Take a message, Jeeves.” Beifar instructed.
“Yes, sir” the phone responded. 
“Someone is trying to reach you?”  Lord Alex finally spoke.  “Is it your wife?”
Beifar squinted.
“How has she been?  It has been so long.  You know, sometimes I still find myself thinking about her, so beautiful.”
Beifar sat silent just staring, attempting to look cool under pressure, but the throbbing vein on the side of his neck gave it away.
“Maybe when I get rid of you once and for all, I’ll pay her a visit.  That would be nice, I think.  Rekindle old memories, hmmm.”  He smiled as he gazed up towards the large vaulted ceilings.
Beifar stayed motionless holding in the anger that was building up fast.
“Business is business, agent Beifar.  And this was very good business.  How could I turn my back on such a generous offer?  By the way, isn’t it your job to stop the bad guys?  I just help them become a little more evil.  Don’t get me wrong, Mr. Secret Agent Man, I am not a businessman, I am the businessman.”
“What did you sell him, Alex?”
Lord Alex rose from his chair, “Oh, very well, if you insist.”  He walked around the room waving his hands like a proud painter explaining his work of art.  “Glass, non-shatter cylinders - - very strong stuff, very expensive, and capable of containing powerful magic.  I expect he plans to blow something up with it.  What do I care?  He was a very good paying customer.  Oh, yes, and glass mixing containers, very fragile.”
“Dragon Breath - - he’s using Dragon Breath.”
Lord Alex turned and faced Beifar from across the room. He was far and hidden in the shadows.  “So, what does that have to do with me?  That’s your problem, keeping the peace and all that stuff.  Not mine.”
“You’ve gotten worse,” said Beifar more to himself. “You haven’t gotten over it?”
Lord Alex laughed out loud.  “I married into a very reputable wizard family, Beifar.  Did you forget?  I have a gorgeous witch wife, and a beautiful witch daughter.  I am considered by Folk as an ideal role model in this community - - wealthy, charitable, handsome, and I’m respected in the wizardry community as well.  What do you have -- a Folk wife and Folk children?  Your family line is ruined.  You’re a sales rep by day and a government agent by night.  You have nothing.  You can keep her, I have much more.”  
Lord Alex paused for a moment.  “You and I are so different.  You are so simple, so ordinary.  I never really understood what she ever saw in you.  I could have given her the world, but instead she chose you.  You broke the rules, you know.  I give you that.  You are very daring.  Case in point, here you are.  However, you’re not very smart.  I suppose that when all is said and done, I will be the one remembered for my greatness and you – well, nothing more than this.”
Lord Alex smiled, “I can kill you now, you know.  I would tell the Department that you were trespassing, harassing me again.  I would show them your staff and say you tried to use it against me and based on the history between us, they would most assuredly believe me.”
Beifar remained quiet.  This was going all wrong.  Lord Alex was an underground trafficker of illegal, enchanted items and other illicit things, but there was never any way to prove it.  For years Beifar tried uncovering Lord Alex’s illicit dealings and criminal acts, but his investigations were futile.  He was finally ordered by the Department Chief to cease pursuing Lord Alex.  The well-respected and contributing wizard requested for Beifar to be removed from the Department on harassment allegations.  The matter was considered, and taken to court, but luckily thrown out on a minor technicality.  Beifar knew that if he was caught inside Lord Alex’s company, without a search warrant, his career would be over, and here he sat, caught.  Foolishly, he entered the building not expecting an Emunio Concutio; the magic security system used against Wizardry to keep them out.  In his rush to follow up on his wild hunch, he found himself in the clutch of his old foe.  
“I know what he’s up to.”  Lord Alex continued.  “And I don’t like it.”  He pulled out an extremely long, black wand with a gold tip from the inside pocket of his suit jacket, and pointed it at Beifar.  “However, I dislike you more.  You’ve been more trouble to me than I care to remember.”  He switched his wand and said, “Laxo!”
Beifar felt the tension of the ropes loosen and disappear.  He was free.  He outstretched his arm summoning his staff and it obeyed.  Lord Alex swung again and blocked it. 
He grinned, “I’m much faster than you.” 
 He pointed again at the wizard.  “But my little daughter would be greatly disappointed if Fidgewidge’s plan is successful.  I can’t have that on my conscience.”  As he spoke he made his way to the great double doors, all the while keeping his wand pointed at the wizard.  “Go and do your job Secret Agent Man, or the greatest vacation spot in the world will be destroyed.”  The doors slammed behind him.  
Beifar wasted no time.  He reached out and his staff flew into his hand.  He took his hat and placed it back on his head, pulling down on the brim until it almost covered his eyes.  Then he tapped the staff on the floor and - - FLASH!
The wizard Beifar was gone.

***

It was late.  Jesse unsuccessfully tried reaching the wizard throughout the night by texting.  Unable to do so, he did the only practical thing left to do, eat.  He first called the Deli hoping that it was still open.  He’d have a reason to talk to Cindy and order a sandwich, but it was closed.  The Deli’s answering machine announced the store hours before rudely hanging up.  So, Jesse ordered a large pepperoni pizza delivered from the local pizza shop down the street. 
When the knock on the door finally announced that the pizza delivery boy arrived, Jesse ran to the door eager to receive his dinner.  He flung the door open only to find the young man standing at the foot of the steps looking up anxiously.
“Pizza?”
“Why are you standing down there? Come on in.” Jesse invited.
The pizza boy scanned the building nervously. “If it’s alright with you, I’d rather wait out here.  It’s ten dollars, please.” 
Jesse shrugged, reached into his pocket and pulled out the money. He went down the few steps and traded the pizza for the cash. 
The pizza boy’s hand shook uncontrollably as he tucked the money into his pocket without even checking to make sure it was correct or if he was given a tip.
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”     
“I have…” The pizza boy said.
“You have? When? Where?”
“Listen, man, this house…it’s weird.” The pizza boy stammered. “Ever since the deaths, weird things are always happening here…scary stuff.”
“Like what?” Jesse could feel the heat from the pizza through the box.
“Late at night, when I travel through this street on my way to make deliveries, I hear things…laughter coming from up there.” He pointed up to the office windows. “It sounds like deranged laughter. It scares the heck out of me.”
Jesse glanced up to the large, double glass windows with the drapes pulled tight. “I’ve never heard…”
“Listen, man, if I were you I would quit this job. This place is cursed ever since those people died. Nothing ever happens during the day, it always takes place at night.”
Jesse watched the pizza boy quickly turn and run away. The scent of the warm pizza caused his stomach to grumble and reminded Jesse just how hungry he was. Convinced that small town people were more superstitious than city dwellers, Jesse returned inside and enjoyed his meal.

Jesse was determined to stay up all night and wait to meet Mr. Claw.  He wasn’t thrilled about being involved in investigative work, but expected some excitement.  Staking out was boring.  Growing impatient, he peered out the blinds next to his desk, only to find the streets empty.  The movie theater across the street turned off its lights.  The last movie was over, and the employees finished cleaning up and gone home.  Dim lights from the lampposts and a few lights from small business shops kept the streets lit.  I must be the only person still at work, he thought to himself.  Just then he noticed a homeless man staggering down the sidewalk, stop and face the store, and then shake his fist angrily before retreating into the alley that led to the back of the movie theater.  He watched the man disappear into the shadows.  It was the first time he noticed him, then again, it was the first time he ever stayed at the store this late.  Again he looked at his cell phone.  No calls, no messages -- nothing from the wizard.  He found himself concerned for the man who in the last couple of days changed his life and turned it upside down.
Jesse stretched while yawning.  The tiredness of the long day was catching up to him.  It was the type of stretch and yawn that once over is considered priceless.  The whole body appreciates the effort and looks forward to a good night’s rest.  Jesse glanced toward the top of the steps.  The boxes were still there.  There was no change.  He turned to his laptop and entered www.google.com.  The familiar web search engine appeared.  He thought for a moment.  What to search for?  He entered “Claw” not knowing what was his first name. The responses were too many.  Forget that, he thought, I’ll be here forever.  Then he thought again.  He hesitated for a moment withdrawing his hands from the keyboard.  Why not?  He typed, “Mount Dora murders.”  Another list of responses appeared.  Slowly, he glanced down the different options.  Jesse read,
Ira Lefkoff finally convicted of murder after three years…

He selected this option and a new site appeared on the screen from the local Mount Dora Newspaper.  Jesse read on. 
Ira Lefkoff, age 77, found guilty of six murders.  Victims frightened to death.  

How does a 77-year-old man scare someone to death?
Ira Lefkoff, retired, moved from Chicago after working thirty-five-years as a candy sales representative for Hershey’s.  The first murder took place in front of his home at the bus stop, the others in the same manner every six months. Evidence inside the convicted murderer’s house proved that Ira Lefkoff was obsessed with fright tactics.  Investigators found articles, movies and journal descriptions of how he committed the murders.  All six victims suffered from heart attacks.  Families and friends of the victims were satisfied with the jury’s deliberation.  The convicted testified that he did not commit any of the accused crimes.  He repeatedly vocalized that he was framed.  Ira Lefkoff was found later that afternoon dead in his cell.  Autopsy report revealed that Ira Lefkoff suffered a heart attack and died from fear.

“Weird,” whispered Jesse.  He looked around the room, feeling watched.  The boxes were still at the top of the stairs but by tomorrow morning they would be gone.  Not this time, Jesse thought, this time I’m going to catch you.  However, the truth was that he was hoping that nothing would happen.  The truth was that Jesse was hoping that tomorrow morning the boxes would still be there and that all this was nothing more than a mistake.  
Jesse was feeling restless after spending too many hours stuck inside Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.   He peered out the window again hoping to see something or someone that would distract him, but it was still dark and quiet.  He glanced at his cell phone, nothing.  
Jesse stretched and yawned with such intensity that he thought it would never end.  He pushed the keyboard aside, crossed his arms on the desk, and laid his head down.  Just ten minutes, he thought to himself.  
Jesse was abruptly awakened when he heard something outside.  He apprehensively looked around the store. The boxes were still in their place.  He heard it again, shuffling, struggling.  Jesse looked out the window.  Everything was still.  Even the laptop went into sleep mode.  Then he heard it again, it came from outside the front door.  Jesse froze.  He anxiously observed the door as the handle slowly turned.  It turned to the left and then to the right, then a slight push but the door was locked.   It must be Mr. Claw, thought Jesse.  I got him.  I’m going to be the one able to identify Mr. Claw.  I solved the mystery.  Jesse rose from his chair and slowly made his way to the front door.  Cautiously, he spread apart the window blind and took a quick look.  Jesse saw nothing.  Strange, he thought.  He reached down and gripped the door handle and with the other unlocked the bolted lock.  The hanging bell rang slowly, mysteriously.  Jesse slowly opened the door and found a man standing before him in the dark.  His heart was beating through his chest as he turned the porch lights on.  An elderly man with sunken eyes and dressed in striped prison clothes faced him.  He stepped forward awkwardly, reaching out zombie-like.  Jesse stepped back.  He moved deathlike towards Jesse.  Jesse could feel his heart beating in his ears.  He didn’t know how to react.  The old man stood only inches from Jesse, and opened his mouth.  Stale breath rushed over Jesse’s face.  The old man opened his mouth wider and wider.  Shrieks and howls filled the room as the mouth grew and grew.  Jesse tried to move but he was too scared.   The man’s teeth, stained and rotted passed the top of Jesse’s head.  Jesse shuddered.  The old man’s mouth completely covered Jesse’s head.  Jesse yelled and yelled and yelled.
Jesse fell from his chair and woke up, his heart still beating rapidly.  The answering machine followed crashing upon the hard wood floor.  It took him a few minutes to calm down and realize that he was experiencing a terrible nightmare.  Jesse quickly rose to his feet and looked around the room, and up the stairs.  The boxes were gone.


Chapter 7
Wednesday

Jesse locked the front door with his key, still perplexed that the boxes were missing. It was unexplainable, and yet they were missing. He searched the entire store for them unsuccessfully.  With nothing more to do, he decided to go home.
“Did you hear it?” 
The tight grip on his shoulder startled Jesse making him jump. 
“Did you hear it?” The homeless man repeated as he drew uncomfortably close to Jesse’s face.
Jesse backed away climbing down the steps. The homeless man followed. 
“Hear what?”
“That raving mad laughter!” The homeless man covered his ears as his hands trembled. “The same laughter I heard before all those people were murdered.”
“You saw who killed them?”
“I found them dead!” 
Jesse stepped further away.
“I would hear the laughter and come out.” The homeless man pointed to the dark alley. “They would be dead. I told the police that it wasn’t Mr. Lefkoff. He was too kind - - always giving me something to eat. It was him, the stranger with the laugh always telling me insane stories to torture me.”
“Who?” Jesse drew closer.
“I don’t know, but he knows that I know. He knows!”
“Did you tell the police?”
“He said he would kill me…he knows that I know! He knows that I know…he knows!” The homeless man lunged forward barely missing Jesse and rushed across the street disappearing back into the dark alley.


Jesse tossed and turned in bed all night.  Every time he closed his eyes hoping to fall asleep, he would repeatedly envision the horrific dream.  It was enough to make anyone die of a heart attack.  He could still feel his heart throbbing in his head, and his hands cold and clammy. The other option was to stay up all night and figure out how the boxes were moved.  It was impossible.  No one was able to get in or out of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store without passing in front of his counter.  Even if he had fallen asleep, he would have heard the door bells ring as the front door opened, and it was impossible for anyone to come in through the back door because not only was it locked, the amount of junk piled up against it would require effort and time to move.  Over and over, Jesse replayed the events of the evening in his head, and each time he failed to come up with one reasonable explanation for how the boxes disappeared.  He searched the entire store.  He even went as far as to try to enter Mr. Claw’s office.   Although hesitant, he knocked on the office door, and when there was no response, he listened against the door for any sign of movement.  All was silent.  Determined, Jesse tried to open the door, but it was locked.  It was useless.
The morning sun was rising slowly, casting soft shadows across the floor and walls.  It was Wednesday, four days before Halloween, and three days before the annual Halloween festival.  It was going to be a busy day for sure.  So Jesse decided to make an early start of it.  Not that he was in a rush to return to work, but on the way he could stop by the Deli and speak to Cindy.  	
The Mount Dora Annual Halloween Festival was a very profitable fundraiser sponsored by local organizations to help raise money for needy causes.  Recently, it attracted tourists from the main city who enjoyed escaping the hustle and bustle for the weekend.  
Alivan’s Witches and Wizards Corner Store was in the perfect place at the perfect time to service everyone seeking last minute costumes for the event.  That was enough to cause Jesse to be stressed out.  He didn’t need to add on top of his work pressure a secret agent wizard out to stop a mad wizard. 
Jesse heard a low beep coming from his cell phone as he threw on a clean shirt. He walked around his bed to his dresser where he plugged his cell phone last night to charge.  
“Meet me for breakfast at the same place.”
It was a text message from the wizard Beifar. He’s Okay, thought Jesse, somewhat relieved.
“You buying?” Jesse responded. 

***

It was 8:00 a.m. on Jesse’s watch.  He glanced at it again just to make sure.  Where was Cindy?  Jesse sat outside of the Deli on his bike, glancing at his watch every few minutes, as he anxiously waited for Cindy to arrive.    Cindy was usually at work by now.  He was hoping to spend a few minutes with her before he met the wizard.  Clearly, that wasn’t going to happen.  Another waitress was tending to the few guests that hurried in and out on their way to work or wherever they needed to be.  Jesse finally gave up, strapped his helmet back on, and slowly drove away.
Jesse drove up to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  He parked around the back as usual, and dragged himself down the sidewalk to the café where he found Beifar sitting at an outdoor table.  He was sipping from a hot cup of coffee.  He wore his grey, pointy hat; long, black cloak; a clean, light-grey shirt; and dark, striped pants -- his staff by his side.  As Jesse approached and obtained a better view of the wizard, he stopped.  The wizard looked terrible.  He looked like he was used as a punching bag.  Jesse sat across from the wizard and placed his helmet on the floor.  Immediately, the same waitress as the day before came with a glass of milk and a huge delicious breakfast.   
“Thank you, June.”  The wizard said with a slight wink that hurt.
“More coffee?” she asked.
The wizard cautiously nodded yes.  
 “What happened to you?”  Jesse finally asked with a mouthful of breakfast after coming up for air from his plate.
“An old rival,” Beifar answered, “he got the best of me.  And I think he knows more than he led on.”  The wizard drank more coffee.  “This is getting difficult, Jesse.  I am certain that Mr. Claw is planning something menacing.  If we don’t stop him, I’m afraid that a lot of people are going to get hurt.”  He leaned forward toward Jesse and lowered his voice. “Mr. Claw is in possession of an illegal herb called Dragon Breath.  It can be used as a weapon of mass destruction.  I think he’s going to use it by Halloween night.”   
Jesse listened intently, completely focused on nothing else, as Beifar related the events that transpired.  It was as if he was there observing everything.  He even found himself laughing at Yolanda Roundbottom skipping around the house in her witch’s outfit and, what he mentally pictured as, her expressions to the wizard’s comments.  However, the wizard didn’t find anything humorous.  He was clearly distressed.  Beifar Mahgo was running out of time, and without a strong lead, the wizard was rightfully worried.  
“I miss my family.” He whispered.  “I’ve been away more than I like.”
“Why don’t you go home and visit them?” asked Jesse.
“I can’t.  My wife doesn’t know that I’m a secret agent.  Nope, she thinks that I’m at a business meeting.  If she found out that I was still in the Department, she would kill me.”
Jesse smiled.  “So wizards have the same family problems as everyone else?”
Beifar leaned back in his chair, sighing.
“Why you, Beifar? Why were you picked for this case?” Jesse asked.
“Mr. Claw killed, or ordered killed, any agent that dealt with him back in the past - - anyone that was in one way or another involved in his arrest.  I wasn’t a part of that case.  I’ve never seen him, not even a picture.”  Beifar drank more coffee.  “Anyone who even glanced at him was killed.  Innocent people were lost.  All were murdered within the first six months after he escaped.”
“How?” asked Jesse.
“They were scared to death.”
Jesse choked.  “I was almost scared to death!  Last night I dreamed of Ira Lefkoff.”
 “Who is Ira Lefkoff?”
Now it was Jesse’s turn to bring the wizard up to date with the strange occurrences of last night.  The wizard listened closely, but couldn’t put anything together.  The only thing he found in common with Mr. Claw was that the murders occurred every six months.  No doubt Mr. Claw was somehow involved.
When Jesse finished, they both sat back in their chairs. They were quiet for a long time, each lost in thought.
“How did you become a wizard?” asked Jesse.
The process continued.  
The wizard drank a mouthful of coffee squinting as he swallowed.  He waited for some relief to take place before he spoke.  “You don’t become a wizard,” Beifar said, “one just is. One day you suddenly realize that you’re a wizard.  You can do things others can’t.  Something inside of you comes alive and you can’t stop it.  It’s all you want to do.  I guess it’s like being an artist.  One day you pick up a pencil and begin to draw something, and it ignites the imagination, so you continue drawing, and you get better and better, and then you realize you’re an artist.  You practice and study and practice and study, and before you know it you’re an excellent artist.  Then you discover that others would love to draw, but they can’t.  How they would give anything to draw, they practice for hours, and they’re stuck at stick figures.  Others tell you that you have a great gift and are very talented.  You wake up one morning knowing that you’re an artist or in my case, a wizard.  It is a great gift.  It doesn’t make me any better than anyone else, at least I don’t think so, but unfortunately not all Wizardry think like I do.
“My grandfather was a wizard.  I remember as a very young boy playing with his hat and staff, and causing all sorts of trouble around the house.   He gave me my first broom, an old, rough, novice flying broom that couldn’t soar higher than ten feet off the ground, and it was extremely slow.  I’m the only one in my family who is a wizard.  My two older brothers are just plain Folk.  Whenever I gave them a ride on that old broom, it barely rose four feet off the ground, and it moved slower than my rusty bike.  	As for my own kids, they don’t seem to be wizards either, even though they can do the Exercises…”
‘What Exercises?”  Jesse interrupted.
“Well, that’s what we call it at home.  It’s a basic energy Excerises.  You learn how to be in touch with your own inner energy.  You see, what the wizard, or witch, learns to do is harness energy.  We do that in several different ways -- spells, chants and so forth, but the most important way is to be in constant awareness of our own energy, our aura.  To let that awareness down in a duel can mean life or death.  The greater the awareness - - the greater the wizard.  As a secret agent, I’ve been taught to master my energy.  I went through the most grueling and intolerable training. It would drive the average wizard just plain Folksy.  Training took place at all hours, in different climates and different environments, even under water.  It was not easy.  We are considered the best of the best.  And yet, even with all of our abilities, Claw has been able to outsmart us.”  There was silence again.  			
“You know,” Jesse finally broke the silence. “When I played football, we did a whole bunch of physical and mental exercises. Our coach was a real tough guy and he taught us to focus our energy during the game and at just the right moment use it to intimidate the other team.  We did this by reaching into our gut and yelling as loud as we could at the command.”
“The command?”
“Yeah, it was really cool.” Jesse sat up straight as he proudly explained. “Whenever he felt that we were losing our focus, and we were mentally out of the game, he would shout, DO IT!”
The shout startled Beifar.  “Do it?”
“That’s it. He would shout DO IT, and we would all yell as loud as we could. It would scare the pants off the other team, and we really got pumped up for the next play. It never failed. It was how we won the game that got us into the regionals. I never yelled so loud. My body was sore the next day. I though I pulled a muscle in my neck. I don’t know if I could yell that way again?”
Beifar blinked, “That is not what I am talking about. Not even close, but I’ll keep that in mind if I ever feel I have to psych somebody out.”
“You know what’s funny?” Jesse laughed. “No matter where I am, if I hear someone say DO IT, I find myself wanting to yell. It’s so ingrained in my mind that it’s awful.”
Beifar didn’t say a word. 
“What’s one of the basic Exercises?” The question just came out without Jesse realizing it. “I mean, if someone like me wanted to see if they were a wizard, not that I would, of course, what would they have to be able to do first to become aware of their energy?  Understand, not me, but someone like me who never heard of wizards and stuff, and was somehow now interested, eh…. you know what I mean?”
“One of the basic Exercises is like this.”  The wizard put down his coffee mug, and stretched out his hand.  “Do this,” he instructed.
Jesse stretched out his hand before him.  
“I want you to feel your index finger without touching it.”
“What?”  Jesse concentrated as he looked at his finger.  “I can’t do that.”
 “Shhhhhhhh, just concentrate.”  
A minute passed and then another and then another, five, ten, fifteen - - nothing happened.  Beifar just sat patiently studying Jesse closely.
“I don’t get it?”
“Well, when you do, let me know.”  Beifar said.  Jesse dropped his hand and started with the other. 
 “Tell me about last night again, but slower, give me all the details?”
Jesse started all over.  He explained how he searched the Internet for more info on the previous owner and the results of the murder trial; how all the victims died of a heart attack induced by fright; and how he was almost scared to death in his dream.  Oh, and, how he broke another answering machine.  He even complained about how much he disliked having to record a new message.
“Did you go out for dinner?  Maybe he came in while you were out?” 
“No,” answered Jesse, he still held his hand out.  “I ordered pizza.  I was starving, and I ate the whole thing.”  He smiled to himself.  Jesse loved pizza, especially with a lot of cheese.
“Maybe what you ate was what caused the nightmare.  You ate too much pizza.”
Jesse shrugged.  “It’s never happened before.”
“More coffee?” asked the waitress.  She held the coffee mug ready to serve the wizard another cup.  He shook his head slightly and smiled.  “I didn’t think so.”  Then she placed the bill on the center of the table, “I’ll take that when you’re ready.”  She turned and went back to her duties.  
Beifar glanced over the bill.  His eyebrows rose, “I can’t believe it.  I never realized they charge for refills.  I drank five cups of coffee.  I won’t be able to fall asleep for a week.”  
Jesse finally dropped his hand.  Whatever the Excerises was, it wasn’t working for him.  The only thing he felt was pain in his shoulder for having his arm extended much too long.  And come to think about it, the wizard did drink too much coffee.  What was that all about, Jesse thought?   He wasn’t going to ask.  Jesse glanced at this wristwatch only to discover that most of the morning was gone.  He spent more time than he expected with the wizard.   He reached over and grabbed his helmet in one swift move as he rotated his body and quickly stood.  Jesse felt his head spin; like when you jump off the spinning wheel at the park and your stomach hasn’t caught up with the brain.  The entire coffee shop spun around like a top.  Even the wizard whirled around.  
 Jesse was back inside Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store standing in front of the door. He reached for the door handle and opened it to find Ira Lefkoff standing before him dressed in prison clothes. The skinny old man opened his mouth. Jesse felt the stale breath brush his face, and then the old man’s mouth began to widen till it was covering Jesse’s head.  Jesse gave out a cry that startled everyone at the coffee shop, causing them to jump.  Cups and plates toppled over crashing hard into tiny pieces. Beifar leapt to his feet clutching his staff.  Jesse collapsed without any warning. The chair broke his fall preventing him from striking his head hard on the pavement.  One lady screamed and another cried for help.   The waitress franticly ran over wanting to help, a wet rag in her hands, not knowing what to do.  The wizard quickly bent over the boy.  He slowly whispered a few strange words as he held his staff in one hand and waved the other over Jesse’s head.  He repeated the action several times expecting a reaction from Jesse.
Jesse blinked and woke up.  At first he looked confused, but as Beifar helped him up to his feet, he regained himself.  Those around him repeatedly asked if he was all right, and Jesse assured them that he was, as he nodded and smiled.  Slowly, everyone returned to his or her place, including the waitress, and after a few moments everything was back to normal.
“It just happened again! I suffered that strange dream again.  I thought I was going to die!” He went to reach for his helmet but hesitated.  Very slowly and carefully he took it in his hands.  “What’s going on Beifar?”
The wizard reached into his pant pocket, pulled out some money and paid the bill at the table.  “Let’s go back to the store.” He instructed.  
Jesse agreed and began to walk towards the store.  The wizard stood waiting. Jesse looked back, “Oh, all right, you’re invited to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store!”
Jesse opened the front door to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store with the key, and entered.  The small bell that hung from the door handle swung from side to side and announced that someone was coming in.  Beifar followed behind.  
“WHOA!” exclaimed Jesse, “Where did this come from?”  Jesse placed his helmet behind the desk and quickly made his way to the center of the room.  
Beifar looked very surprised.  “It’s a crystal ball!”  He cautiously made his way toward it.  “This shouldn’t be here.”
The crystal ball was huge.  It was too large for Jesse to wrap his arms around.  He attempted twice with no success.  A large iron cast pedestal, that wrapped the lower end of the crystal ball with dragon like wings and heads, held it up.  Each of the seven heads faced outward in different directions with open mouth and large teeth.  Each head was a different and distinct dragon; their seven bodies stretched down to form the pedestal; ending in dragon claws that curled to grip the floor beneath it.  The wizard Beifar bent down and read the tag that was tied to one of the claws.  Lord Alex Distribution Inc.  “What is going on here?”  He asked perplexed.
“This is so awesome!”  Jesse kept walking around the extremely large crystal ball, when he suddenly remembered, “Oh, the laptop.”  He quickly went to his desk and turned it on.  The familiar sounds could be quickly heard as the wizard stood before the crystal ball stroking his grey goatee in wonder.  
POP
An instant message window came up on the desktop screen.  Jesse and the wizard both turned toward the laptop.
	
CLAW:  Good morning, Jesse.
JESSE:  Good morning, Mr. Claw. “This is surprising.”
CLAW:  You have seen the new arrival?  I’m sure you have, it’s quite large and intimidating.
JESSE:  It’s beautiful.
CLAW:  Yes, it is.  I do not want it sold.  It is for my private collection.  Keep it safe.

“Strange," Jesse whispered to the wizard.

JESSE:  I’ll take care of it.
CLAW:  Excellent.  Remember to look for your bonus in this week’s paycheck.

There was something about the Halloween bonus that just didn’t settle well with Jesse this time.  He experienced an overwhelming feeling that he was being paid off or distracted.  Or, maybe it was just how he was feeling about everything -- especially now that a huge crystal ball was sitting in the middle of the store.  Jesse’s mind was racing with questions.  
How did the crystal ball get in the store?  There was no way that it was able to fit through any of the doors or windows.  What private collection?  What about…

Claw has just signed off.

During Jesse’s instant message conversation, Beifar carefully examined every angle of the crystal ball without touching it.  He tapped it with his staff, listened to it, and even breathed on it, but nothing happened.  He did not discover anything unusual at all.  It was a crystal ball.  
“It’s against regulations to let a magical crystal ball fall into the hands of Folk.”  He advised Jesse.  “The problem is that I just don’t know if this crystal ball has any magical abilities or not?  I would have to take it back to the Department or bring an expert over here to examine it.”
The door to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store opened abruptly as the bell ran furiously.  A dirty man dressed in rags staggered into the store.  His hair was a mess, uncombed and tangled.  His torn cloths smelled, causing Jesse to cover his nose and protect himself from the man’s stench.  He was the homeless man Jesse encountered on his porch last night.
He immediately smiled as he caught sight of the crystal ball.  He clapped as he giddily shuffled around the room.  “It’s here, just like I dreamed.  It’s here!  Now my dreams will stop and I won’t be scared any longer.”
 “What do you mean?”  Beifar asked as he gently pushed the man back away from the crystal ball.
“What kind of dream?”  Jesse inquired, intrigued.
“I have terrible dreams every time I sleep,” cried the homeless man.  “They started last night after I spoke to you.  Terrible, horrible dreams that scared me almost to death,” the man’s face turned from sadness to smiles as he continued, “and then today while I was napping, I heard a voice that told me that I needed to find the crystal ball for the dreams to leave me.   I found it, and now I will be free.”
The bell rang again as the door to the store opened.  Jesse recognized the young man that came in as the delivery boy from last night.  He looked terribly tired, with large dark bags under his eyes.  “Do I look that bad?” he asked everyone as he drew all their attention and stares. “I can’t believe it!” he exclaimed as he threw his arms up over his head.  “I can’t believe this is really happening.”
Jesse approached him, “What?”
“I’ve suffered terrible nightmares all night, almost scaring me to death, I couldn’t sleep.”  He paused and brushed his tangled hair back away from his face with his fingers.  “And then, just a little bit ago I took a little nap to catch up, and heard a voice in my sleep telling me to come here and find this,” he pointed to the crystal ball, “and that my nightmares would go away.”
Jesse turned to the wizard, “How come I haven’t heard the voice?” he asked Beifar, somewhat disappointed.  

Chapter 8
The Greatest Vacation Spot in the Whole Wide World

“Excuse me, sir, but it appears that your cousin, Ana Mahgo, is attempting to speak to you, sir.  Should I take a message or would you prefer to speak to her?”  The wizard’s cell phone announced.
Beifar reached into his pant pocket and withdrew his phone.  “I’ll be right there.”  He said calmly.  He turned towards the door and proceeded to exit.  “My cousin, Ana, from the Department is here.”  
No one responded.  The homeless man and the pizza delivery guy were both sitting on the floor across from the crystal ball entranced.  They both gazed stupidly at their own reflection.  Jesse started to work on his laptop, not paying any attention to the wizard, the crystal ball or its gazers.   The bell rang announcing Beifar’s departure so Jesse looked up and noticed him leaving.  He went over to the window and curiously peeked outside.  Across the street, at the exact location where he first discovered Beifar stood a woman.  She didn’t look like a witch.  There was no pointy hat or long, dark cloak, not even a broom.  She wore a light pink dress, and a rather large, pink handbag.  She greeted Beifar with a big hug.  He attempted to help carry her bag but she refused.  As they walked back across the street, Jesse noticed that her hair was long.  It was very long, almost to the back of her knees.  She wore it in a long ponytail with shiny little objects that glistened in the sunlight.  Then they both stopped just short of the sidewalk.
“Oh, brother,” Jesse murmured.  He was losing patience with this whole Emunio Concutio thing.  
“BEEP”
He opened the front door wearing a fake smile and with both arms invited them both to enter Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  
Beifar introduced Jesse to his cousin Ana.  They politely shook hands as the wizard closed the door behind her.  She was not tall and not intimidating at all.
“Oh, my!” she exclaimed.  “What a wonderful store!”  She quickly made her way to the witches’ hat display on the wall, ignoring the huge crystal ball and the two men on the floor.  Without any hesitation, she began reaching for hats and trying them on. “I like this one,” she said joyfully.  She picked up a small pink hat with a large brim and a short round crown and gently glided the tips of her fingers around the brim.  “I’ll buy it. How much is it?”
Jesse looked a bit taken aback.  Ana marched, determined, toward the front desk searching her bag for money.  “It costs $50.00.” Jesse said awkwardly while thinking that Beifar didn’t bring Ana to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store to shop.  Ana pulled out the money, “No need to bag it,” and adjusted the hat to fit her just right.
“I lost my hat on my way over here.”  She said a bit embarrassed.  
The two men on the floor glanced at each other and shrugged clueless.
“Ana,” interrupted Beifar, “the crystal ball is over here.”  He pointed with his staff.
“I know.  I saw it when I came in.”  She turned from the front desk and walked to the crystal ball.  “It’s late eighteenth century,  French, probably from the South region…. Wait!”
Everyone froze.  Beifar lifted his staff in defense.  She quickly made her way to the back of the store and stopped just short of the wand glass display.  “These are just marvelous!”  She placed her bag on the top of the counter and leaned down close to the glass.  “That one is beautiful…look at the workmanship… Phoenix feather… and a touch of pink. I must have it!  I can feel it calling me…oh, how wonderful.  Finally!  My old wand has just about had it.   How much is that Salacious Wand?”
“You can buy it on the way out,” insisted Beifar, “we’re in a bit of a hurry here, Ana.”
“Oh, very well.”  Ana faced them all. “It’s just that I never get to go shopping.  I’m always working, working, working.”  She moved before the crystal ball.  “Okay, let’s take a look.”
Ana leaned over the orb, her reflection distorted.  She placed her hands just above the cold glass, slowly sliding them in all directions as she gingerly danced around the crystal ball, mumbling and making inquisitive noises that sounded like “hhhhhmmmmm,” or “ah ha.”  Abruptly, she stopped, straightened up, waved to her purse, and it obeyed, floating across the room into her hands.  The two men on the floor gawked at each other before jumping to their feet.  They were out the door as fast as their legs could move, slamming it shut behind them.
Ana reached into her purse and pulled out a pair of small, black, reading glasses.  She placed them squarely on her nose.  “Are you using these already?” she asked the wizard.
Beifar nodded.  “Yes, but only at home. I’m still in denial.”
Ana reached into her bag again and pulled out a small, thick book, wrapped with a leather string that ended with a nice, neat knot.  She pulled on the string, freeing the book.  The pages fluttered from cover to cover on their own.  She placed her hand over the pages and the fluttering stopped, revealing a page somewhere in the middle of the book.  Taking a deep breath, she began to read words that were not recognizable to Jesse.  Then, she reached into her bag, all the way up to her shoulder, and retrieved a bottle filled half way with red dust.  Taking a pinch, she sprinkled the dust over the crystal ball.  The crystal ball emanated a slight, red glow.  “Bingo!” she exclaimed.  “Now we’re getting somewhere.  Boy, I am good.”  She glanced over her reading glasses at Beifar and smiled.  “Ten years in the Bureau pays off every once in a while.”  Ana turned and went back to her book.  She returned the red dust bottle back into her bag, and retrieved a very small bottle filled with green dust.  She opened it and took out a pinch of the green contents.  Again, she sprinkled the dust over the crystal ball, while reading from the strange book, and the crystal ball released a slight green glow.  “OK” she said proudly, “so far so good.”  She returned the bottle back into her bag and dug out a small bottle filled with yellow dust and repeated the same procedure as before.  “Excellent,” and repeated the procedure, this time with a purple bottle.
“How long will this take?” asked the wizard impatiently while pacing around the store.
“It’s hard to say.”  She responded.  “These things have to be done delicately so as not…”
“…to hurt the spell.” Beifar finished her sentence.  “Yes, I know the line.”
Ana the witch never looked up. She continued the same procedure over and over but with different bottles filled with different colored dust, and each time the crystal ball would radiate the corresponding colored hue.  
“Well, we know it’s a magical crystal ball.  The question is what’s it doing here?  You know, it’s against the law for one of these things to be owned by a Folk.  It’s much too dangerous.”  She pulled out a new bottle of light blue dust.  “Do you have a permit for this?”  She looked up at Jesse.
Jesse lost interest in the magical investigation on the origin of the crystal ball some time ago, and returned to the Exercises.  He stretched both arms out in front of his body while he concentrated on feeling his fingers. He stopped for the moment angered that he was interrupted, and asked, “Permit for a glass ball?  Hello?  I don’t even know where it came from or how it got here.”   He then continued his Exercises.
“Rude, young man, Beifar.”  The witch continued her investigation.  “No need to be rude just because you’re stressed out.”  Ana drew closer to Jesse and threw a handful of light blue dust at him.
Jesse pulled back on his chair obviously upset.  Dust covered his hair and desk.  He wanted to retaliate but resisted.  He didn’t think he could beat a witch at anything.  The thought of being turned into a cat or something more bizarre was enough to make Jesse ignore the whole matter. And, really, what could he do even if she was not a witch?  Kick her out of the store?  She was the wizard’s cousin after all.  
The wizard pushed back his hat and sat on the stairs that led to the office, frustrated that the revelation of the crystal ball was taking so long.  Resting his head against the sidewall, he retraced the events of the last day and repeated over and over in his mind the conversation with Lord Alex.  It was evident that Lord Alex despised him and would take any opportunity to dispose of him.  So why did Lord Alex set him free?   It definitely was not a demonstration of compassion or mercy; far from it.  Lord Alex was using Beifar.  The question now was, for what purpose?  Was there any truth in his statement that Claw was planning to destroy the greatest vacation spot in the world?  Impossible he thought, but what if - - what if Claw was completely mad?  A vacation spot was a huge place. This was unheard of.  Why would anyone dare such a terrible deed? 
Ana returned the last investigative bottle back into her bag and pulled out another containing pink dust.
“This is my favorite.”  She giggled to herself.  “It won’t reveal anything, but I just want to see the crystal ball glow this color.”  It was very pretty and it made Ana happy.
“Jesse,” Beifar called out.  
“BEEP”
“Yeah?” Jesse did not take his eyes off the screen.  
“Do me a favor,” The wizard was heading toward the front desk.  “Do a search for the five best vacation spots in the world.”
Jesse looked up inquisitively at the wizard who now stood by his side.
“Something I just remembered,” continued the wizard.  
Jesse pulled up the Google search page and ran the search.  A long list of sites appeared.  Jesse clicked on the first site listed.  On the screen appeared a web page with a list of different vacation spots.  The first one was Paris, France with a picture of the Eiffel Tower at night, studded in bright lights.  I would like to go there someday, thought Jesse.  Jesse scrolled the arrow and clicked on the bold highlighted words.
“No, not that one,” interrupted Beifar leaning over Jesse’s back gazing into the laptop. “Go to the next.”  
Jesse scrolled down to the next selection feeling his space invaded by the wizard.   He huffed as he highlighted Disney World, Orlando, Florida, hoping that Beifar would get the hint, but he didn’t.  Jesse kept his finger on the mouse waiting for further instructions.  There was none.
Meanwhile, Ana continued reciting strange words from her spell book, as she moved around the large, seemingly immobile, round object.  The floor underneath appeared like the remnants of a large box of crayons.  Jesse slowly glanced over his shoulder to find the wizard gazing off distracted.  His expression, stoic.
“Are you okay?” he asked Beifar.
“That’s it,” announced Ana.  She closed her bag and adjusted her hat.  “I’m done, and it’s just as I expected.  This is an authentic, magical, crystal ball and, for now, just that.”
Ana’s announcement reanimated the wizard Beifar, who moved around the desk back into the center of the shop looking confused.  
“Don’t worry,” Ana assured him, “there is nothing evil about this.  This is your typical crystal ball.  I put a special spell on it, so that if it’s used for anything else besides communication or visualization, we’ll know.”  She turned and moved to the wand counter.  “Now young man, how much is this beautiful pink wand?”  She pointed by pressing her finger against the glass for a moment and smiled.  
The wizard slowly walked around the crystal ball, observing it from all angles suspiciously.  Lord Alex delivered it.  That, alone, was enough to give Beifar every reason to suspect that this crystal ball was here for an ulterior motive. 
 “I’ll pay for it.” He remarked.  “It’s the least I can do for you after you came all the way out here to help me out.”
“Good!” exclaimed Ana as she waved her hand causing the wand to appear in her grasp.  With her new wand in one hand, and bag in the other, she walked towards the wizard and gave him a kiss on the cheek as she headed for the door.  Jesse watched her pass the front desk, and then she stopped, turned, and faced him.  
“You’ll need a permit for that crystal ball, or you’ll be fined.  Every wizard knows that.  Don’t worry about registering the crystal ball; I’ll do that for you when I return to my office.”  She smiled at Jesse.  
“I’m not a wizard.”  Jesse declared.  
“Ciao!” she waved to Beifar, flung the door open, the bell rang, and out she went.
Jesse watched Ana through the window.  He found her to be even stranger than the wizard Beifar.  Ana the witch stood on the porch; looked up and down the sidewalk and street a couple of times; and when she was certain that the coast was clear, she took her brand new wand and tapped it slightly on her brand new hat.  
FLASH!  She was gone.
That was the coolest thing Jesse ever saw.  He leaned up against the window in complete awe and disbelief.  Ana the witch was really gone.  She disappeared with just a slight burst of light.  Had he not been looking right at her, he would have missed it.  How? Jesse asked himself. It must have been the wand.  Jesse ran over to the back of the wand display counter and pulled the sliding door open.  Reaching in, he retrieved any wand, and standing straight, tapped his head repeatedly.  Nothing happened.  Determined, he grabbed another and then another until he noticed Beifar watching him with an odd expression like, have you suddenly gone mad?  Jesse lowered his head embarrassed.  He replaced the wands and returned to his desk.  The wizard made no mention of the incident.
“I saw Ana tap her head…” Jesse started to explain but then decided against it.  He knew it was futile.  
“BEEP”
Another order came in, and Jesse switched from the vacation screen to his ordering software without giving it a thought.  They both forgot about the search for the greatest vacation spot in the world.
Beifar turned and headed to the front of the store.  “I need to go.” He informed Jesse.  “I’m going back to my office to do some research.  You have my cell.  Call me if you need me or if anything strange happens.”  He took hold of the front door knob and opened the door.  The bell rang.  “And don’t do anything foolish, Jesse.  Do the same thing you would regularly do everyday.”  His eyebrows rose as he gave Jesse a stern look and exited the store.  
Jesse watched him go down the porch steps as three women passed him on their way up.   He was hoping to see him disappear, but there were too many people around.  Jesse resumed his work.

Chapter 9
The Three Witches

The bell on the door alarmingly rang again.  Jesse initially thought that the wizard forgot something and returned, but then he remembered that he couldn’t enter the store unless he was invited because of the Emunio Concutio.  In fact, no witch or wizard could ever enter the store unless they were invited.  The store must have a wizard exclusion spell, he thought.  He looked up from the laptop.  It was the three women he saw walk passed Beifar on his way out. 
“Oh what a darling store!” exclaimed the first woman.  She was middle-aged, not too tall, wearing a long, light blue, flowing dress with plenty of trinkets that made a racket as she moved.  In fact, they all wore gaudy charms that clattered and clamored with every movement they made. 
“Oh my, yes it is, Clara,” said the second woman who was short and chubby, dressed in different shades of purple. “I never thought it would be so cute.  I’m going to buy me a new hat.”  
The loud squeal of delight from the third woman, dressed in shades of yellow, startled Jesse.  She was taller than the first two, with her hair pulled up in a bun and decorated in shiny objects that twinkled underneath the store lights.
 “Look girls!” she shouted to the others and rushed to the middle of the store.  “It’s beautiful!” 			
The other two women followed, and together they stood around the crystal ball like cheerleaders during a football game.  
“Clara, let’s buy it,” insisted the woman in purple.
“Yes! Yes!” shouted the woman in yellow as she clapped her hands uncontrollably.
Jesse approached the strange and still very animated women, “Ladies, ladies that item is not for sale.”
All at once the three customers went silent.   They turned, obviously disappointed at Jesse, and positioned themselves before the crystal ball as if they were claiming ownership.   Jesse gulped.
“BEEP” 
The sound of another order interrupted the silence.
“We would like to purchase this outstanding item.”  Clara told Jesse, grinning, but with a very stern voice.
“Yes,” said the woman in yellow. “We would like to buy it now.”  And she reached into a side pocket withdrawing a wand.  Jesse recognized the wand from his store inventory, how ironic.
“Now, now, Isabella,” Clara waved her down, “let’s not get excited.”
Jesse stiffened - - witches?
The third woman, dressed in shades of purple, reached into her purse.  “I have some money.”  She said.  “How much does it cost?”
Jesse recognized her.  She owned a small, gift shop in town, just a few blocks away.  It was a very queer looking shop with strange, garish items, along with very ornate jewelry.  “I know you," he addressed the woman in purple.  “I’ve gone by your store many times on my way to lunch.”
“This and That?” she responded. “That’s our store.  Have you gone inside?”
“No,” answered Jesse feeling more relaxed once the conversation turned from the crystal ball. “I never had the time.  I take short lunches.”
“Come, come, now, Agatha,” interrupted Isabella, “let’s buy the crystal ball and leave.  I don’t have all day.”  She tapped her wand impatiently on her free open palm.
“Are you witches?” asked Jesse as he drew closer.
“We are all witches,” answered Clara. “And you’re not a wizard?  How can a Folk own such a marvelous store?”	
Jesse did not answer.
Then something crossed his mind.  “How were you able to enter the store, it has an exclusion spell or a wizard or witch alarm or whatever you call it?”
The three witches looked at each other nervously. “Emunio Concutio?” they responded in unison. 
Then Isabella replied smirking, “Your website invited us.  It states to come in and visit us anytime.”  The others exhaled in relief. 
“You are a very interesting Folk.” Spoke Clara.  “You own a wonderful wizard and witch store, and you have an Emunio Concutio, and yet you are a Folk.”  She squinted slightly, “Who are you, really?”
Jesse thought for a moment, feeling extremely suspicious of his three guests.  With everything that was happening, why wouldn’t he be suspicious of them?  Did witches inhabit the entire town of Mount Dora?  
Who are you, really?  Jesse repeated the question in his mind and decided it was none of their business, and so he didn’t answer.
“I’m sorry, ladies, but the crystal ball is not for sale.” 
 Isabella stopped tapping her wand. 
“You can buy any other item in the store, but not that one, it’s not for sale”
Isabella pointed her wand at Jesse.  “Are you sure?”
“And he’s such a nice young man,” stated Agatha.
Jesse took a step back.  “You know, I am the owner of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.”  He took another slow step back.  His voice quivered as he spoke.  “And I can just as easily un-invite you.”  He drew away even further.
Clara raised her eyebrows.
Isabella frowned.
Agatha shook her head, and closed her purse.
Jesse smiled.  He held the upper hand.  The tide turned in his favor. The bluff worked.  
Isabella returned her wand into her pocket, and began to walk toward the front door.  Then Clara followed and finally Agatha.  Jesse watched them walk pass him. 
 “I will have that crystal ball,” said Clara. 
The bell sounded, and they were gone.
Jesse stood in the same spot for a few moments as he caught his breath, then turned and faced the crystal ball.  It was beautiful.  
“What is going on here?” he whispered to himself.
Jesse spent the rest of the day just as Beifar suggested, working as usual.  The store became very busy once the local schools were out for the day.  Kids and parents kept coming in and out of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store to buy or pick up items for Halloween.  The annual Halloween festival was always a fun event that most of the town looked forward to.  Jesse was realizing that this event alone could cover most of the store’s yearly overhead.  
UPS was now coming three times a day to pick up deliveries. Business was awesome.  The store’s website was also providing the store with very nice revenue.  Jesse was filling orders from all across the nation.  He never dreamed that the wizard and witch business was so profitable.  
However, as busy as it was, Jesse found that he kept thinking about “the Exercises”.  Jesse’s obsession even took preference over Cindy.  He used to spend the day thinking of Cindy, now he spent it wondering if he could perform magic. It wasn’t something he was willing to admit but he found himself going back into the storage room to practice the Exercises. He would stretch out his left hand and concentrate on feeling his fingers without touching them.  And when his left hand was tired from the straining and tightening of his muscles, he switched to his right.  It never worked.  He’d finally return to his desk frustrated and mentally exhausted, but determined to try again later.  
Before Jesse knew it, it was quitting time.  The streetlights were slowly turning on, and the movie sign from the theater across the street was lit.  The movie theater was running a scary movie marathon, and each night till Halloween, they played a different horror movie.  Jesse closed the blinds to the shop as he read the first movie, Nightmare on Elm Street.  Wonderful, he thought to himself, as if I’m not surrounded by enough scary stuff already.  Jesse picked up the store before he left for the night.  It took quite a while to sweep up all the different colored dust left behind by Ana the witch.  He then checked the inventory.  That’s when he realized that no boxes were received today.  No new merchandise entered the store.  He found that odd.  Just to make sure, he went to the steps and looked up.  No boxes.  Inventory in the store was low, and a list of needed items was sent to Mr. Claw.  Come to think of it, he hadn’t received any emails from Mr. Claw today either.  
That’s when he noticed it.   Deep within the shiny orb, a faint cloud circled inside the crystal ball.  Jesse slowly moved towards it and, standing just inches away, gazed inside.  Something was moving inside the crystal ball.  It was shapeless at first, but then it began to curl and coil.  It took a round shape. Then from the edges sprang out seven shapes, sharp shapes that curved into deformed serpent-like heads with long bodies.  They were dragonheads.  Then he heard, coming from within the crystal ball, a whisper, “Raven Fidgewidge”.  Jesse pressed against the glass, with his hands up against the sides of his face, to get a closer look, and with that, it was gone.  The crystal ball returned back to its normal, dormant state.
Jesse stepped back, bewildered.  What next?  Was there no end to the extraordinary events that were taking place since he met the wizard Beifar?  This was more than just a crystal ball, this orb was bewitched.  Everything was bewitched!  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was a hub for witches.  Jesse paused…Raven Fidgewidge?  Jesse thought he recognized the voice, but he couldn’t place it.  It could be anyone, someone from town, or even a customer or…Lord Alex.  Jesse thought it was the voice of Lord Alex.  He wouldn’t bet on it.  He only spoke to Lord Alex a few times to confirm a delivery address or something trifle like that.  Was Lord Alex also a wizard? Jesse instantly took his cell phone and called the wizard but he got his voice mail.
Just then Jesse remembered the broken answering machine.  He forgot that he needed to buy a new one.  Jesse grabbed his helmet, turned off all the lights, flipped the sign, and locked the door behind him.  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was closed for the night.  
He jumped on his bike, clipped on his helmet, turned the key, and revved the engine a few times before driving out of the alley and turning down the street.
On his way home Jesse pulled over in front of the local Radio Shack store.  It was only a few blocks away, and an easy stop.  Jesse jumped off his bike and strolled inside.  It was decorated for Halloween with simple Halloween items. Noisy ghosts and goblins hung from the door to welcome guests, dancing spirits, lit pumpkins and mechanical tombstones rocked and rolled from side to side.  Jesse decided never to sell those types of products at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  In his opinion they were cheesy Halloween merchandise, not the kind of look he wanted for his store.  Jesse waved hello to a tall, skinny employee behind the desk, and grabbed the first answering machine box he found on sale.  Once at the cash register, he pulled out his wallet ready to pay.
“You busted another one?” asked the clerk. “You’re such a loser,” he said jokingly.
Jesse laughed.  “Yeah Rob, not everyone is a genius like you.  I’m gonna have to start working overtime to pay for all of the ones I’ve busted.  Maybe I can get a job here working nights.”
The cash register rang up the amount, and Jesse handed Rob the money.
“So have you seen any ghosts?” asked Rob.
Jesse gave a slight curiosity tilt of his head and repeated, “Seen any ghosts?”
“Yeah, my sister’s best friend’s cousin’s boyfriend’s grandmother lives behind the movie theater,” Rob took a deep breath. “And she said that the store you work at is haunted.”
Jesse raised his eyebrows in disbelief.
Rob lowered his voice and leaned over the counter toward Jesse, “She said that last night she saw bright, green lights coming from the windows of the second floor, really creepy lights.”  Rob gulped.  
Jesse gulped.  He was there last night -- all night and he never saw any lights, unless it occurred while he experienced the nightmare.  
“She said that she was almost scared to death and couldn’t sleep at all because she would have terrible nightmares.  She heard a voice telling her to go into the store and look for the crystal ball, but she was too scared to go.”  Rob straightened up.  “Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store is haunted.”
Jesse remained quiet.  Here was someone else who was having scary nightmares, and hearing voices.  He took his box and headed towards the door.  I haven’t heard any voices, he thought.
“If you ask me,” continued Rob. “Folk around here aren’t going to like hearing about this.  News travels fast in this town.  Before you know it the cops will show up asking questions and poking around.  They’ll watch you.  They’ll watch your every move -- who you talk to, where you go and what you do.  I’d quit if I were you.”
“Thanks Rob, I really needed to hear that.”
“I’m sorry, I wasn’t trying to scare you or anything like that…” Rob apologized. 
“I know,” Jesse drew closer, “it’s just that I’ve been having nightmares lately, so I’m kind of sensitive to nightmare stories right now. Maybe I should go speak to that woman and find out what she’s experiencing?”
“You can go right now.” Rob reached behind the counter and retrieved a small bag. “I was going to deliver this order to her before I went home.  It’s out of my way, but not for you. Do you mind?”
Jesse didn’t hesitate and took the bag, peeking inside to find six AA batteries. He glanced up at Rob curiously.
Rob quickly scribbled the address on a sticky paper and handed it to Jesse.
“Don’t be surprised if she’s quick with you.” Rob added. “She doesn’t take kindly to anyone ever since her husband passed away.”
“Passed away?”
“Yep, he was one of the victims that died at the bus stop outside your store.”
Jesse felt his stomach turn unexpectedly. He didn’t say another word. He wasn’t sure if he was shocked, scared or just dumbfounded.
Jesse returned to his bike, placed the package in the bike storage compartment under the seat, clipped on his helmet and drove off.


Jesse glanced at the address one more time just to make sure he was at the correct house. For some reason, he couldn’t retain the information, or maybe he subconsciously didn’t want to remember. 
Jesse took a deep breath and climbed the steps with the small bag he promised to deliver.
It was a typical Mount Dora Bed and Breakfast home with a tidy porch, white walls and perfectly outlined black trim. Most of the lights were lit inside the house causing Jesse to believe that more than one person resided at this address which made him feel more at ease.
Jesse rang the doorbell just once and waited.
The front door slowly opened just enough to reveal a wrinkly, grey eye.
For an uncomfortable moment, Jesse and the eye stared at each other without saying a word.
“Well?” The eye blinked nervously.
“I’m doing Rob a favor and delivering these batteries to you, ma’am.”
“And who are you?” The eye studied Jesse carefully.
“Jesse Alexander, I work at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.”
“Ira Lefkoff’s old house?” The door slammed shut.
“Ma’am I just wanted to ask you a few questions.” Jesse called out to her through the closed door. “I was told you think the store is haunted and…”
The door swung wide open and a tiny old woman filled with wrinkles and bent over in a perfect curve stood glaring at Jesse. “It is, and if I were you, I would quit tomorrow, no, tonight. Now gimme my batteries.”
Jesse held the bag away purposely. “First tell me about the lights you saw…green lights?”
“Spooky lights, that’s what I call em. Ever since my husband was scared to death in front of that store strange things o’cur. I’ve told the police chief, but he don’t believe me. I told’m that it wasn’t Ira. I always suspected the mailman.”
“The mailman, Mr. Jones?” Jesse didn’t know why he asked, he wasn’t sure what she was talking about.
“No, it was a new mailman, a temp and a real creepy fella.” The old lady squinted as she paused. “He kept tellin scary stories and always grinnin real lunatic-like. He always happened to come by and tell those stupid, scary stories every time we were at the bus stop. They would keep my poor husband up all night, but not me. I’m as tough as a nail, I am. Nothin scares me.”
“I heard you were having nightmares too?” Jesse interrupted.
The old woman gasped. “It was them lights I saw. Spooky lights… I see em from my bedroom window. They came from your room up there. I made nothin of’em at first but then they began to shift and change, and I saw that grin, that same awful grin that the mailman…” The old woman shuddered. “He murdered my husband, he scared’m to death and I think I’m next.  He knows that I know.”
Jesse stood speechless. There was fear in her voice and her eyes grew wide and white.  Jesse reached out and gave the old woman her batteries without another word.  He heard enough.  The old woman took the bag and slammed the door shut. Jesse heard the bolting of multiple locks before he turned and left.


Chapter 10
Another Nightmare


Jesse heard a knock on the door.  He was on his laptop taking orders.  Halloween was just around the corner, and he was working around the clock.  It was late at night, and he was still at work.  The blinds were pulled down, and the sign on the front door read CLOSED.  The second knock on the door was more powerful than the first.  It must be the wizard, Jesse thought as he stepped away from the desk, and hurried to the door.  Taking hold of the handle with one hand, he unlocked the door with the other.  The bell swung violently as he turned the knob and slowly opened.  It was dark, pitch black; an awful darkness that sent chills up his back.  A figure stood in the shadows.  Jesse flicked on the lights.  It was an old man in prison clothes.  Jesse froze.  It all came back to him.  He experienced this before.  Oh, no, he thought, not again!  Jesse tried to move, but he couldn’t.  He struggled to move his legs, arms anything, please anything move…run.  The old man moved forward opening his mouth.  His lips spread apart and his tongue dropped with his jaw.  That stale breath, Jesse could feel a rush of warm, stale breath on his face.  The mouth grew and grew, and Jesse lost himself inside of it.  He felt everything tighten up; his head was being swallowed up; his body was being compressed, and his heart pounding wildly.  He yelled!  He yelled as loud as he could.  He yelled for his life.
Jesse tossed and turned in his bed.  The sheets wrapped around his body.  He desperately fought against the nightmare, throwing pillows in different directions, knocking over a lamp, a picture frame that hung on the wall and the portable phone. Jesse jumped. The crashing noise woke him up. He rolled out of his bed and fell on the floor knocking over the nightstand and its contents.  He was almost scared to death, again.  If not for having fallen out of bed, he would have surely died, he thought.

Chapter 11
Thursday

Jesse woke up exhausted the next morning.  He suffered another sleepless night and it was taking its toll. It didn’t help that he was also stressed with all the things he still needed to do.  Halloween season was killing him.  The first image that popped into his mind was the computer screen and all the orders yet to be filled.  Jesse sighed.  
He could see through the open window that it was another gorgeous, bright, sunny morning.  The kind of morning everyone mentions all day long, but not for Jesse.   All he felt was anxiety.  He wanted nothing more than to stay in bed all day.  Why go to work?  Work -- the word alone seemed to give him a sour taste, if that’s possible.  And why wouldn’t it be with everything else that’s going on. 
 Who knew what was waiting for him back at Alivan’s Witches and Wizards Corner Store besides his regular duties.  It was all spinning out of his control.  For all he knew, the wizard Beifar was back with more leads to Claw, or the three witches were brewing some fatal poison for him to drink so that they could keep the crystal ball.  Jesse sighed again.  
He forced himself to think of something else.  With his arms spread out on the bed and the pillows over his head, he drifted from thought to thought not really focusing on anything, not concentrating on any idea.  He was just there, breathing slowly, trying to clear his mind of any negative thoughts.  Then, he slipped into magic.  Jesse recalled how the wizard Beifar and the witch Ana were capable of magic.  He skipped from memory to memory of the small feats of magic he witnessed in the last couple of days.  It was truly amazing.  Jesse breathed in deeply, filling his lungs with wonderful, fresh, morning air.  That’s when he felt it.  That’s when he felt his fingers without touching them. In fact, they were not touching anything.  His hands were palm up, his fingers curled toward him.  Jesse sat up.  He could feel his fingers.  He knew they were there without having to touch them because he could feel them.  He didn’t need to look at them to be aware that he possessed them.  They felt tingly, heavy, and alive, it was hard to explain -- to put into words, but he was sure of it.  He could feel his fingers.  He still kept his arms spread, palms up.  He looked at his left hand, and then at his right.  He could feel both hands at the same time.  Jesse smiled. 

***

The morning sun appeared to dance across the soft ripples of Mount Dora Lake.  For anyone who rode along the parallel road, the temptation to pull over and bask in its beauty was inevitable.  It was Jesse’s favorite time of the day.  It was the only time that he could forget about everything -- the nightmares, Mr. Claw, even the wizard Beifar.  The cool breeze was delightful.  The orange and yellow of the morning light made everything appear fresh and clean.  The local traffic died down as he entered town, which made the overall experience calm and pleasant.  
For Jesse, things now seemed completely different.  The fact that he performed the first task of the Exercises was exhilarating.  The anxiety he felt when he first awoke subsided.  He was able to take in the splendor around him and felt ready to take on the day.
Jesse pulled over in front of Radio Shack.  He needed to speak to Rob.  It was just past 9:00 a.m., and the store was open for business.  Rob was busy placing more merchandise on the shelves in the back of the store.  Jesse entered the store; a buzz announced his arrival. Jesse unconsciously expected to hear the ringing of bells, like at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store, instead of a buzzer.  Rob called out that he would be right with him, and Jesse waited patiently by the front counter.  
“You look terrible, man,” were Rob’s first words.  “What did you do last night?”
Jesse lowered his eyes for a moment.  He wasn’t sure how to answer Rob without providing too much information.  “I suffered a bad nightmare, again.  I was wondering if you could tell me more about your friend’s grandmother, the one you spoke about last night."
Rob’s eyebrows rose as he stepped behind the counter.  “You’re not going to like this,” he swallowed hard, “the old lady I told you about last night… the one you delivered the batteries to” he looked around for a second, “died.  Heart attack -- scared to death.”
Rob was correct; Jesse didn’t like the news.
“Tell me more?” Jesse was reluctant to ask.
“The neighbor next door found her dead clutching at nothing - - bizarre. The neighbor stated that the last person who saw her alive was the UPS deliveryman. He delivered a small package. The neighbor said that she bumped into him on the way out and as usual he was in a rush.” 
“I don’t get it?”
“Folks around here still talk about the murders that took place in front of your store,” continued Rob, “and about old man Lefkoff.  They’re starting to wonder if there’s some connection.  After those deaths, the store was shut down, ya’ know, and empty till you got here.  Now, there is another similar death.  Dude, get out of town.”
Jesse could only stare at Rob.  He didn’t know what to say, what to think.  The peaceful ride into town seemed long ago, distant, forgotten.  Jesse thanked Rob for the information, and left.  The morning no longer appeared beautiful.  He no longer felt excited about feeling his fingers.  He didn’t even remember.  That could have been him last night.  He experienced a similar nightmare.  He felt as if he was going to die.  He could have been scared to death.  Jesse felt overwhelmed, drained and tired. He slowly climbed on his bike and headed to the Deli, hoping to see Cindy.

***

Cindy heard the door close and turned from behind the counter to find Jesse entering the shop with his head hanging low.   
“What’s wrong?” she asked, “and where’ve you been?”
Jesse sat at the counter with barely any strength left in his body.  He slumped over, leaning on his elbows gazing at Cindy.  For a second he got lost in her blue eyes forgetting his troubles.
“You look terrible.” She told him.  “Are you feeling alright?”
Jesse thought of telling her everything from beginning to end.  He felt he needed to share with someone and relieve himself of all the pressure that he carried.   He thought about how he would to tell her and quickly considered a number of possible reactions she might have.  He decided against it.   She wouldn’t believe him anyway, no one would.
“I think I’m catching a cold.” He finally answered, and then faked a cough.
“Oh poor boy,” Cindy leaned over the counter and placed her hand on his forehead causing Jesse’s heart to leap.  Her hand gently caressed his face, and she smiled compassionately.  “You don’t feel warm.”
Jesse smiled.  “I think I feel better.”  
Cindy, stood on her tippy toes, leaned a little closer and kissed Jesse on the cheek.  The warm gesture took Jesse by surprise.  He smiled and thanked her, his face turning different shades of red.  He stood up, turned away and left, forgetting to say goodbye.  Cindy watched him leave and smiled.
Jesse drove his bike behind Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store and parked it underneath the large oak tree that covered most of the small back area.  Once at the front, he turned unconsciously toward the café.  Maybe, he thought, the wizard is waiting for me.  Jesse’s mind immediately felt congested.  The memory of Cindy’s gentle kiss was gone and replaced with an array of different notions that whirled around in his head without any order or purpose -- the store, orders, deliveries, nightmares, Mr. Claw, the wizard Beifar, and now a death. 
As Jesse Alexander neared the café, he looked up, and found the wizard Beifar in the same usual table drinking coffee, wearing his grey, pointy hat, long dark robe and holding his staff in the other hand.  Jesse smiled; it was a good smile.  He needed to smile more often.  And then, he remembered.
“I felt my fingers!” Jesse announced to the wizard with excitement.  He sat placing his helmet on the floor next to him.  The waitress immediately brought him a full breakfast as if she already knew he was arriving and had it all prepared for him just in time.
“WOW!” exclaimed Beifar.  He shifted in his seat and faced the young man.  “I can’t believe it.”  He leaned his staff against the table, and gestured for Jesse to show his hands.  Jesse responded proudly.  Beifar took his young friend’s hands into his own and held them tightly.  He looked into Jesse’s eyes and instructed, “Now feel your elbows.”  
Jesse squinted, confused.  He could only feel his hands being squeezed and nothing else.  He tried to feel his elbows, but could only feel the pressure around his hands.  “I can’t,” he finally said.
“What were you doing when you felt your fingers?” asked the wizard as he let go of Jesse’s hands.  Jesse withdrew them and began to eat. 
“I was just lying in bed.”
“Good, and what were you thinking?”
“Nothing, I was just there.”
“Wonderful!” cheered Beifar.  “That’s exactly where your mind needs to be, unoccupied, clear, undistracted – completely in touch with yourself, your energy.  A wizard always needs to have a clear head to be in touch with his energy.  If a wizard is distracted, then he can’t be in touch with his energy, and he won’t be able to create magic.”  Jesse was sitting straight in his seat listening, absorbing every single word.  “This is very important in battle,” continued Beifar.  “One second of distraction can mean life or death.  One second is all it takes for the opponent to think of a spell, the death spell.  One second of distraction, in the world of wizards and witches, can be a fatal mistake. Usually, the one who stays focused on his energy is the one who wins.”
The wizard sat back in his chair, and Jesse did the same.  Jesse thought about Beifar’s words.  Somehow they always seemed to be entrancing, captivating.  Everything about him was bewitching.  Jesse took the tall glass of milk, and drank it all down.   
“I suffered another nightmare.”  Jesse finally spoke as he put the glass back upon the table.  “Last night.  I almost died again.”
The wizard raised an eyebrow.
“And, I found out that another person was having near death dreams.  In fact, she reported having seen strange green lights coming from Mr. Claw’s office the night of my first dream.”  Jesse paused, swallowed and continued.  “She died last night from a heart attack, in her sleep.  She was scared to death.”
“Yes, I know.  I read the Department’s report last night.  I’m having everything unusual that occurs in this town sent to me.  What about the other two?” asked the wizard, “The pizza guy and the homeless man, did they have another nightmare or did the crystal ball cure them?”
Jesse shrugged.  “Don’t know.”
“I did some research on the house murders,” continued the wizard, “and I don’t think that the old man was the murderer.  I suspect it was a wizard.  I suspect it was Raven Fidgewidge.”
“Raven Fidgewidge?  Is that his full name?  Raven Fidgewidge?”   He thought about it for a moment and for some unknown reason it sent a chill up his spine.  “Raven Fidgewidge…Raven Fidgewidge.”  He kept repeating the name as he chewed on a piece of bacon.  “Fidgewidge!  Last night I saw something in the crystal ball, and I heard that name!” Jesse blurted out, and then proceeded to tell the wizard everything that transpired, and how the three witches entered and were determined to buy the crystal ball.  
They sat at the table for quite some time as Jesse recounted in fine detail all the previous night’s events from the time that Beifar left the store.  He explained how the three witches were able to enter the store, without setting off the Emunio Concutio, because of the invitation on the store’s website. The wizard found that very interesting, storing that bit of helpful information in his hat.  Jesse explained about his visit with Rob; the story about the grandmother that died; and about his own nightmare and how he thought he was going to die last night.  Somehow the dream was worse than the ones before.  The dream last night was almost real.  He wondered why the old woman died from fright, and he didn’t.  What was it about her dream that killed her?
“Maybe the crystal ball can give us some answers,” said the wizard, and they both agreed to return to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store to examine the crystal ball further.
The wizard paid the bill as usual, and Jesse invited him back to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  Together they hurried down the sidewalk - - a young man carrying his motorcycle helmet, and his companion wearing a large, grey, pointy hat, a long dark cloak, and carrying a long wizard’s staff.
“Nice promo!” shouted one of the patrons at the café as they passed him by.
Jesse took the store key and unlocked the front door.  The bell that hung on the door swung and made its familiar sound.  Before he stepped in, Jesse turned the sign that read CLOSED over to read OPEN.  He pulled up one blind and then the other as the wizard walked in behind him.  That’s when the wizard Beifar noticed that the crystal ball was missing.
“What!” Jesse shouted.  He placed the helmet on the front counter and stood with his arms over his head in disbelief.  “I’ve been robbed!”
Beifar stood where once the large crystal ball occupied the space.  He felt something very familiar.  He felt magic.
“Should I call the police?” asked Jesse nervously.  “I don’t think Mr. Claw will like this.”
“I am the police,” answered the wizard.  “I don’t think Folk police can help you in matters of wizardry.”  He paced around the room searching for a clue until he discovered a small, gaudy piece of jewelry glittering on the floor.  He held it up and showed it to Jesse.
Jesse recognized it.  It curved and tangled itself into funny knots with tiny bells that made a fairy-like noise.  It belonged to one of the three witches.  “It belongs to them.” He informed Beifar.  “They took it, I’m sure of it.”  He looked around the room.  Everything was still clean and untouched.  “They must have come in while I was gone. They stole the crystal ball. They probably used the website as an invitation to beat the wizard’s alarm.”
“Tell me again, what was the name of their store?”  The wizard slid the evidence into his cloak pocket, as he marched to the front door. 
“This and That!”  Jesse called out after him.
The wizard opened the front door; the bell rang as it swung, and he left without saying another word.  Once on the porch, he looked to his left and then his right, tapped the staff on the floor, and FLASH!
The wizard disappeared.
Jesse couldn’t believe it.  The crystal ball was gone.  Impossible!  How was he going to explain this to Mr. Claw?  He would definitely be fired!  He quickly decided that was not going to happen.  Nope, he was going to wait for the wizard to return.  Hopefully, Beifar would be able to retrieve the crystal ball before Mr. Claw noticed it was gone. When would that be, tonight?  Jesse began to panic.  He looked around the store.  It was empty without the huge crystal ball occupying so much space.  Mr. Claw would surely notice it missing.  Jesse pushed a small display rack of robes over the empty spot hoping to fill in the area.  It didn’t help.  There was no way to hide the fact the crystal ball was gone. Jesse bit his nails as he tried to come up with another plan, but it was useless.  The crystal ball was missing and there was nothing he could do about it.  He didn’t have a clue on how to get it back.  Jesse shrugged as he accepted his fate.  By tomorrow morning he would be unemployed.  The wizard was his only hope.  Jesse pushed the rack back and then returned to his desk.  He turned on the laptop, waiting patiently for it to boot up.  Once all the programs were up, and he entered the necessary passwords, the familiar BEEPS followed.
Jesse settled comfortably in his chair, leaned over and began to work.
“It’s twelve o’clock,” announced the computer.
Jesse was starving.  He spent the rest of that morning answering messages, taking orders and packaging items that needed to go out by 1:00 p.m.  UPS already made one trip, and the next was within the hour, usually right after the driver’s lunch break.  Jesse’s stomach grumbled, requesting food.  He considered visiting the Deli and Cindy, but there was too much work to be done.  The thought of breaking for lunch was causing him stress.  Jesse finally decided to order pizza.  He dialed the number to his favorite pizza place, Pizza Palace.   A young girl answered the phone and asked Jesse to please hold.
“BEEP” 
Jesse held on as he returned to his work.   He was able to complete an order before the young girl returned.  
“Pizza Palace, how can I help you?”
“Yes, I would like to order a pizza for delivery, please.”
“Hold on, please.”  The young girl’s voice sounded flustered.
Jesse continued working.
Finally, the young girl returned.  “Pizza Palace, how can I help you?”
“Yes, please I would like to order a pizza.”
“Hold on, please.”  Jesse could hear fussing and clattering on the other end, and then the line went silent, soft music played.
Jesse’s ear was beginning to turn red and hurt.  He leaned over and placed the call on speaker.  That’s when he remembered the answering machine.  It was still in his bike’s storage compartment.  He scribbled a reminder note on a sticky pad.
The young girl finally returned.  Her voice was very different.  It seemed forced, heavy and tense.  “Hello?” she said.
“Can I please order a pizza?”  
 “To pick up?” she asked.
“No, for delivery.”
Jesse heard the young girl begin to cry.  Her voice broke off, as she sobbed.
“Hello?” he called to her.  “Hello?  Are you ok?”
The girl’s sobbing got worse.
“Hello?”  Jesse shouted concerned.  “What’s wrong?”
 “The d-d-delivery boy,” her voice cracked, “is not in today.”
Intrigued, Jesse asked, “Why not?  What happened to him?”
“He’s…dead!” she bawled.  “He was found…dead in his room.  Heart at-t-tack - - s-s-cared to death.”
“Scared to death?  Was he murdered?” Jesse’s voice trembled. 
“I’m not sure. He didn’t show up to work this morning, so the boss repeatedly called his phone.  When he didn’t answer, the boss felt something was wrong and drove by his apartment. That’s when he found him…”
“What did he find?”
“He was dead, wide eyed and open mouthed like if screaming, horrified.”
“Did anyone see anything suspicious?”
“No, except for an empty box that he clutched delivered by UPS from Alivan’s Wizard and Witches Corner Store.” 
Jesse dropped the phone.

***

The wizard Beifar didn’t enter This and That right away.  He didn’t want to make the same mistake he did when he appeared at Lord Alex’s office.  He didn’t want to run right into another Emunio Concutio.  The pain from an Emunio Concutio takes time to get over, and he was still feeling the effects from his last encounter.
There was no alarm.  Depending on the level of the Emunio Concutio, the effects could be felt some distance away.  A very powerful system could be felt as far away as across the street, whereas a less powerful one wouldn’t be felt until one entered the premises.  Beifar entered the shop cautiously.  He heard a bell ring in the back room of the store announcing his presence.  It was a very strange store filled with, what Beifar thought was, nothing but junk.  Strange items occupied every inch.  It was weird.  Who would buy any of this stuff?  Then, the answer hit him, his wife.  He squeezed between a large ivory elephant and fire hydrant when someone called out from the back, “I’ll be right there!” her voice trailed off in a song.
The wizard waited.  Beifar stood in the middle of the small store casing the area for the crystal ball.  He noticed headboards, mirrors, lamps of every shape and size, milk glass bottles, and stuffed animal heads, old bikes and fans.  There was no trace of it.  
Then a short, heavy-set woman came out from the back room wearing different shades of purple and a huge smile, “How can I help you?” she sang waving her arms over her head.  “Oh!” she stopped in her tracks suddenly becoming nervous.  “A…wizard.  Girls, we have a wizard in our store.”  
Immediately, Clara and Isabella appeared from the back room.
“He’s a cop.,” informed Isabella.  “I can smell it.”
“How can we help you, officer?”  Clara asked, distrustfully.  
The wizard reached into his long, black cloak and pulled out the jewelry he found back at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  Agatha withdrew gasping, her hands over her chest.  Beifar held it up between his fingers.  “I believe this belongs to one of you.”
All three ladies stood quiet.  Isabella glanced over at Clara.  Slowly, Clara approached the wizard and held out her hand, taking the shiny item from Beifar.  She smiled politely, thanking the wizard.  He dropped his free arm, and gripped the staff as he shifted his weight and leaned against the long, ornate, magical rod.  
“I must have dropped it somewhere.  How silly of me,” she turned and addressed her friends, “look girls, the kind officer found my favorite brooch.”  They all smiled and thanked him.
“Where is it, ladies?” Beifar asked with a smile.  “Hand it over nicely, and I’ll forget all about it.”  
Isabella snared.  She slowly tried to reach into her gown for her wand, but the wizard shook his head. 
Clara looked confused, “What do you mean?” she asked.
Beifar stood upright.  He took a very official posture.  “Hand over the crystal ball, or I’ll have to tear this place up.  You don’t want me to do that, do you?”
“You’ll have to get passed the three of us,” threatened Isabella.
“Oh, just give it to him,” whimpered Agatha.  “It’s not worth it.  We’ll end up destroying the store and the crystal ball is cursed anyway.”  She flung her arms over her head in disgust and made her way to the back counter.  “Cursed with the mark of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers!” she shrieked.
Clara covered her ears.
Beifar grimaced as he tried to withstand the pain of Agatha’s high-pitched voice.  He was momentarily distracted and lost his focus.
Isabella held the wand out before her, aiming it at the wizard.  She smiled at him proudly.
Beifar smiled back, slightly waving his hand.  The wand flew out of her grasp, and he caught it.  
Isabella pouted.  
“Curses!” Clara stomped her foot.  “Mental spells.  You’re very good, officer, very good indeed.  Follow me.”  She turned and led him into the back room, the other two followed close behind her.
The wizard entered to find the huge crystal ball sitting in the middle of the tiny storage room, crowded by more strange items.  In fact, it looked very much at home.  Three small folding chairs were positioned around it. The wizard tilted his hat back to get a better look, revealing his eyes.  Isabella lost her breath at the sight of him and smiled at the handsome wizard.  She blushed as she batted her eyelashes.  
Beifar faced Agatha and asked, “What did you mean about the mark of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers?”
The three witches sat at the same time.  Beifar remained standing in the doorway.  “The seven dragons.” answered the round witch.  “It’s the ancient mark of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers.  Don’t you know?”
The wizard relaxed his stance.  He shook his head.
“The Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers is an antiquated group of elderly, corrupt sorcerers,” interrupted Clara. “It is composed of rotten, lusting for power and money, wizards. They have been in existence for hundreds of years.  Very few know of their identity.  It’s a secret.  Some say that they don’t even exist.  But I know that they do.  I was married to one of its members, Lord Winston Towers.  He’s dead.  Poor Winston mysteriously disappeared.  When one of the seven sorcerers dies, they select another that is known for his foul reputation; high status in social circles; financial success; and of course, someone they believe will be loyal to the society.  Oh, yes, loyalty is very important.  They value loyalty to the Society very much.  Once you’re a member of the Society, you’re always a member of the Society.  Death is the only way out.  I guess you can say that they are Wizardry equivalent to the Folk’s mafia.  The Society originated from seven different families that came together for one common goal - - power.”  She patted her aged chin, and pressed back on her perfectly pinned hair.  “Very powerful and very wicked.”  She smiled and winked at the others.  They giggled in return.
“I don’t know what the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers has to do with any of this right now…”
“Well, the fact that the crystal ball was at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store leads me to believe that one of its members is dead or has been killed.” Clara looked very content with her assumption.  “Death is the only manner of separating a sorcerer from his crystal ball.  This crystal ball belonged to one of the sorcerers.  The bond between the master and the crystal ball is very strong.  This crystal ball is very powerful and very mysterious, much too valuable for Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  Each sorcerer owns one and among many things, it’s how they communicate with each other.  They’ve continued doing it this way since the Society was founded.  This crystal ball is hundreds of years old, and dates back to the original seven.  Someone at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store ordered its owner killed.”
The room went quiet.  The witches looked fixedly at Beifar, and the wizard stared back at them with the same intensity.
“I’m looking for a wizard,” stated Beifar.  “An escaped convict called Raven Fidgewidge.  Have any of you seen him in town?”
“Oh no!” cried out Agatha.
“To know him is to sign your death certificate!”  Clara announced.
“He’s a mad man.”  Isabella said softly.  “His reputation is repugnant.”
The wizard wondered if Raven Fidgewidge had something to do with the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers.  Why the crystal ball, he thought?
“Ladies, this crystal ball belongs to Raven Fidgewidge, and…”
“Oh, no it doesn’t,” interrupted Agatha.  “It belongs to the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers.    If this one belongs to Raven Fidgewidge, then he assassinated its owner.”
“Let’s find out, ladies.”  Clara stretched out her arms, and the others did the same.  Together they formed a circle around the crystal, and in unison chanted a spell.
“Bubble, bubble toil and trouble…” The three sang in unison.
“I love this part.” Agatha interjected.
“We need to know on the double,
Tell us the name,
Tell us the history,
Show to us the owner of this mystery”

The crystal ball filled with mist, pulsating and swirling violently as if against its will.  Seven dragons whirled inside the orb before fading away to reveal an image that began to take shape.  Beifar watched closely as a dark chamber slowly appeared, and in the vast room stood a man wearing a long, dark robe that went down to the floor.  The view from the crystal ball zoomed back revealing six men, sorcerers, shrouded in dark robes, concealing their identities. They stood straight and erect, around the man in the center, with wands in hand as seven chimes filled the chamber.  When the last chime rang out, the man in the center pulled his robe off and let it drop down to his waist; his upper body exposed.  The first sorcerer stepped forward wand blazing, filling the room with its light.  In the distance a woman sat in a chair, holding a small girl in her arms.  The frightened girl looked away crying. Her mother tried to comfort her, to no avail. They watched terrified as the first sorcerer took his wand and raised it over his head pronouncing the following, 
“Rise Lord Bane, you are now a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers!”  The sorcerer brought his wand down upon Bane’s back, and he cried out in pain.  
The smell of burnt skin filled the room, and the three witches covered their noses in disgust.
Lord Bane dropped to the floor in pain.  The image of a dragon was now burnt onto his back.  The girl cried out for it to stop.
Another sorcerer lit his wand, and approached the man on the floor.  “Rise Lord Bane, you are now a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers!”  He leaned down and brought his wand hard on the wizard’s back.  Again, he cried out in pain.  Another dragon appeared burnt onto his skin wrapped around the first.  The young girl cried for her father.
A third sorcerer stepped forward and taking his burning wand, “Rise Lord Bane, you are now a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers!”  The wand burned into Bane’s skin as he twitched in agony on the floor.  A third dragon appeared on his back as it embraced the others.
Then a fourth sorcerer came forward and taking his torched wand scorched the man’s back with another image of a dragon.   “Rise Lord Bane, you are now a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers!” Bane could only cry.
The fifth man waited until Lord Bane ceased crying.  Then he slowly came forward and placed his wand on the Bane’s back.  Its cold tip was comforting.  “Rise Lord Bane, you are now a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers!”  A hot, bright flash suddenly appeared from his wand.  Bane jumped in pain and shouted, his cry echoed throughout the chamber and then he dropped face down on the floor.  The image of another dragon slowly appeared on his back as it curved around the others.
 The last sorcerer held his wand on fire over his head and laughed.  Standing just inches away from the stricken Bane on the floor he shouted, “Rise Lord Bane, you are now a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers!”
With one swift gesture, he brought the wand down on Bane’s back.  Bane curled up pleading for mercy.  The sixth dragon appeared on his back.
Then they all raised their wands and together ordered, “Rise Lord Bane, you are now a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers!”  All six wands came down upon him at once.  There was a flash of light and the seventh dragon formed, intertwined with the others.
Lord Bane rested on the floor for a few minutes covered in sweat; his body trembled and jerked. Slowly he rose to his feet without any assistance.  His body shook and his knees quivered.  With all his strength, he turned to each one so that they could observe the sign of the Society on his burnt and blistering back.
Then the first sorcerer reached out and hugged Lord Bane, careful not to touch his back, and welcomed him as the others followed.  Lord Bane was now the seventh sorcerer, a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers.
The door to the chamber opened and a thin witch with a dark robe and a pointy, black hat entered.  She didn’t look or acknowledge anyone.  Swiftly she crossed the room directly to the woman and her child.  She bent over and removed the child from the woman, leading her quickly out, shutting the door behind them.  The woman sat confused.  She kept glancing from the door to Bane.  
“Bane, dear, where is that woman taking Celina?” she asked as her voice quaked.
Lord Bane did not answer.  He pulled his cloak over his body and approached her slowly.  
“Bane, answer me, where did that woman take our Celina?”
Lord Bane reached into his cloak pocket and pulled out his wand.  The woman’s eyes widened, her mouth dropped and she began to shake.
“Bane!  Where is that woman… eh, Bane, what are you doing?  Bane, what are you doing?”  Her cries were deafening.
Lord Bane aimed his wand at the woman, his wife.  He didn’t hesitate.  He cocked his head and took aim down his arm and to the tip of his wand.  “It has to remain a secret,” he softly told her.  With his free hand he held his wrist so as not to miss.
There was a scream, and a bright flash.
Clara let go of the other's hands and dropped in her chair.  The image vanished as the crystal ball went blank.  Clara covered her face crying.  “That could have been me.” Clara’s voice fluctuated as she sank in her chair.  “They murder everyone, anyone who knows. It has to remain a secret.  I left my husband just before he was initiated.  He wasn’t aware that I knew.  I never told him.  It broke his heart.”  She sat back in her chair and looked away. “I found the letter in his desk.  It was his acceptance letter to the Society.  I usually don’t read anyone’s mail, but for some reason this one caught my attention.  It was beautiful, all embroidered in gold with large, elegant writing.  I read it slowly and as I got to the end it set itself on fire.  It burnt the tips of my fingers and I dropped it before it consumed me in its flames.  It retained a protective spell against anyone reading it.  I was suspicious of my husband before, and now I was frightened.  I left that evening without a trace.”  She became indignant and jumped to her feet.  “That newt of a man, when I get my hands on him I’ll hang him from his …” 
“Then that means,” Agatha interjected, “that if the owner of this crystal ball, Lord Bane, is dead, there is a position available for a new sorcerer and the Society will soon be accepting applications.”
“Do you think,” Isabella asked, “that Raven Fidgewidge is interviewing for the position?”
“Yes, and by doing something horrific,” said Beifar. “Ladies, you need to return this crystal ball to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store as soon as possible. If what we suspect is true, we can’t let Raven Fidgewidge find this crystal ball missing, it could ruin everything.”
Agatha jumped to her feet and screamed as she threw her arms up.  “Oh my goodness, that young man at the store is Raven Fidgewidge!”

***

Jesse swung the front door open.  The bell turbulently rang.  He leaped from the porch onto the sidewalk and ran across the street to the old movie theater.  He ran down the alley to the back of the theater, and stopped.  He desperately looked around as he caught his breath.  A short distance away, behind the large, green, garbage dumpster, Jesse discovered an abandoned shopping cart full of trash bags and old clothes.  He cautiously approached; his heart beating faster with each step, his mouth dry, and his hands sweaty.  Then he saw along the side of the abandoned cart, a pair of old sneakers facing up, and as he drew closer, he saw the legs that once walked in those shoes.  Jesse stopped.  He called out “Hello," hoping that a response would follow.  There was none.  Jesse reluctantly drew closer.  The homeless man lay on the ground, his arms stiff, outstretched above him in a protective position.  The eyes and mouth were wide open, his eyebrows revealed horror and dread.  He was dead -- frightened to death. At his side, an empty open box delivered by UPS from Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.
Jesse sat on the porch of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store and watched the ambulance drive away, without flashing its lights.  Jesse remained staring at the corner long after the ambulance was gone.  
Was he next?  Was that going to be his fate?  He would never fall asleep again.  But, how long could that last?  Jesse experienced enough horror movies to know that none of the victims could stay awake forever.  Eventually, everyone falls asleep and then, the nightmare.  Jesse gulped.  The thought of being swallowed up by a huge mouth with stale breath wasn’t the way he wanted to die; scared to death by ingestion.  Worn out, Jesse rose and entered the store.  The bell rang.  Inside he found the wizard standing with staff in hand and wearing his pointy, grey hat.  The crystal ball was back in its original place. 
“BEEP”
Jesse ignored the order notice.  He ignored the return of the crystal ball. He couldn’t get beyond the thought that soon he would be the next on the list of those scared to death.  Jesse never felt so distressed.  His shoulders ached and his neck felt extremely sore.  He dragged himself toward the wizard, not sure why.   His head hung low, and his eyes swelled up with tears.  The wizard didn’t hesitate and met him half way.  Beifar took Jesse in his arms as if he was his own son.  Jesse sighed heavily, releasing all the stress he bottled up inside.
“Will I be next?”  Jesse gently pulled back from the wizard.  “Will I die also?”
The wizard removed his hat, and let his staff stand alone.  He took Jesse and held him by the shoulders, at arm’s length, looking him straight in the eyes.  “You are not going to be killed.  You are not going to die from this spell.”
Jesse wasn’t convinced.
“Listen, we took care of it.  My cousin Ana, the witch, was not here for the crystal ball.  I brought her here to protect you.”  Jesse looked up at Beifar confused.  “I was concerned, and I brought her here to cast a counter spell to keep you safe.”  The wizard straightened up to explain.  “She wasn’t performing magic on the crystal ball.  That was all a cover up so that you wouldn’t worry.  She wasn’t able to eradicate the curse, but she was able to keep you safe from being scared to death.  Unfortunately, you’re still going to suffer from those nightmares until we stop Claw.  I’m sorry, but that’s the best we could do, it’s a very powerful curse.”
Jesse sat in his chair hopeful.  He felt comfort knowing that he wasn’t going to die in his sleep from a nightmare, swallowed up whole in one huge gulp.  He looked up at the wizard and gave a slight smile.  
“BEEP”
“BEEP”
New orders were coming in through the website. 
“You’re going to have to change the invitation to the store on your website.  It’s a loophole that allows wizards and witches in, without setting off the Emunio Concutio,” the wizard told Jesse.  “That’s probably how Claw has been getting into the store at night.  The faster you change it, the safer you will be.  It’s how the witches got in and took the crystal ball; and it’s how I just got in.”
Jesse agreed and went back to work. 

Chapter 12
The Protective Spell

It was mid afternoon and Jesse decided to take a break after working right through lunchtime. It was better that way because the hard work kept his mind off the current events.  The orders were steady and the deliveries were going out on schedule.  The afternoon school crowd was coming in and out and everyone seemed enthusiastic about the Halloween festival.  Jesse enjoyed the walk-in business.  The customers were friendly and engaged him with nice, festive conversation.  Helping and interacting with his customers was therapeutic for Jesse.  
The wizard left once he felt that Jesse calmed down.  They both sat on the steps for some time discussing the day’s events.  The wizard explained his encounter with the three witches and the new information that they revealed.  Jesse paid close attention without providing any insights.   Beifar was anxious because he believed that time was running out, and he wasn’t any closer to the whereabouts of Raven Fidgewidge.  Jesse knew perfectly well where this was leading him - - further and further into a deep hole.  
Jesse stretched out in his chair.  It was unusually quiet.  He glanced out the window. Nobody was coming into Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  Good, he thought, I need a break.  He held out his hands and concentrated on concentrating on nothing.  His mind rushed with many thoughts without order or purpose.  It was a hurricane of images and words.  Jesse breathed slowly trying to calm the mental storm.  He never noticed when his mind was calm.  He only noticed that he was able to feel his fingers without touching them.  He stayed focused on his fingers, before trying to feel his hands, and he did.  Go up to the elbows, he thought.  He felt his forearms, and then his elbows.  Keep going, he urged.  He traveled up his arms, biceps and triceps, until he felt his shoulders.  Jesse could feel his entire arms without touching them.  Jesse was fully aware of the presence of his arms in relation to his body.  Where do I go from here, he thought?
“Go get the answering machine,” he said to himself.  Jesse opened his eyes as the feelings vanished, funny how things just pop into your mind when you least expect it.  Good thing too, he thought, because he completely forgot about it even though he scribbled it on a note somewhere.
Jesse went around the building and down the alley as he did so many times before, only this time it was different.  This time he felt he was being watched.  He looked up to the building next to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  Anyone inside could be watching him as he made his way down the alley.  That’s probably all that it was.  Jesse got to his bike and took the answering machine out of the seat compartment.  He turned and headed back up the alley to the sidewalk when he noticed a dark, unmarked car parked across the street in front of the movie theater.  The movie showing tonight was Halloween.  In the unmarked car sat a man in the driver’s seat, wearing dark sunglasses, intently looking his way.  Jesse tried to appear inconspicuous, but he couldn’t.  He kept turning to glance at the driver, as the driver followed him with his gaze.  It was obvious to Jesse that he was being followed. 
Nervous, Jesse entered the store.  The bell rang, as he glanced over his shoulder one last time.  The driver was still watching him.
“Good afternoon,” said a friendly voice from within the store.
Jesse was startled and almost dropped the box.
Inside the store stood an elderly man with grey hair, glasses and a nice, round belly.  He was not too tall, and stood relaxed with his hands in his pockets as he swayed back and forth.  
“Err… Hi…err… officer.” Jesse said worried.  He was expecting to be visited by the police department and questioned in relation to the three new deaths, but he didn’t expect it to be so soon, or in this manner.  The truth was he didn’t know what to expect.  The police never questioned him for anything before.
“Chief,” corrected the officer, “Chief Fabiano.”  He repositioned his eyeglasses as he introduced himself.  “Sit down, Jesse Alexander; I need to ask you a few questions.”  The elderly man moved out of Jesse’s path, as he instructed Jesse to sit down.
“That’s okay insisted Jesse, “I’d rather stand; I’ve been sitting all day.”  Jesse went into the center of the store, and placed the box on a table that stood close to the crystal ball.  The table was full of folded, different colored scarves and gloves.  Jesse stood between the chief and the crystal ball, and tucked his hands into the pockets of his jeans.  For some reason, Jesse felt that he needed to protect the crystal ball.  “How can I help you?”
“Suit yourself.”  Again, the chief adjusted his eyeglasses.  “My report shows that you were the one who called emergency and reported the death of the homeless man, correct?”
Jesse nodded.
“Did you see who killed him?”
Jesse shook his head.
“Does that mean no?” asked the chief.
Jesse nodded.  The chief grunted.  He looked down and swayed.  
Jesse swayed along with him.
“Jesse Alexander, three other people died the exact same way last night,” he looked up at the young man over the rim of his glasses. “Are you aware of that? Are you also aware that the only common clue that I found is from this store? I found an empty box from Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store near each body. I keep asking myself why a homeless man would want anything from this store? ”
Jesse shrugged and nodded.
“What can you tell me then, son?”
“The same thing I told the officer who arrived at the scene after I called 911,” answered Jesse.  “I went to the back of the movie theater, hoping to find the trash dumpster empty so that I could throw away some empty boxes.  My stuff is piling up in the back and I wanted to get rid of it.  That’s when I came across the dead man, and I called for help.”	
The chief observed Jesse closely.  “I noticed earlier that there were no empty boxes out back.”
“Oh, good,” Jesse quickly responded. “I guess the trash man picked them up already.”
“What about the pizza delivery man?  He was here the night before his death.”
Jesse shrugged.  “I ordered pizza.”
“Witnesses claim that they noticed both the delivery man and the homeless man rush out of this store yesterday.”  The chief tilted his head and stared down at Jesse through the corner of his eyeglasses.
Jesse swallowed hard and shrugged his shoulders again without saying a word.
Chief Fabiano turned and headed toward the front door.  “I’ll be personally investigating these deaths, Jesse Alexander.  I have a personal interest in them, you see,” He took hold of the front door knob and turned it slowly as he opened the door, the bell slightly rang, “Some time ago there were similar deaths that took place right here in front of your store.  Innocent people were murdered.  They were scared to death.” He glanced over his shoulder at Jesse.  “I was the investigating officer on that case.”  He paused for a moment.  “I suggest you don’t try leaving town.”
Chief Fabiano closed the door behind him, slowly went down the steps and across the street to the black unmarked car.  Jesse ran to the window and watched him as he tried not to be noticed.  The chief opened the car door, and stood for a moment facing Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  He carefully looked up at the second floor and then back down, observing every little detail.  Finally, he sat in the car and closed the door.  The driver of the car also analyzed the shop before he turned the car on and slowly drove off.
Jesse rested his head on the window.  The sign that read OPEN pressed against his forehead.  He closed his eyes and felt his fingers, hands, forearms, and elbows up to his shoulders, and for a few moments he just rested.  “Oh, no,” he gasped, “I forgot to ask Cindy out to the festival.”
Jesse returned to the center of the room, took the box and removed the contents inside.  He threw the empty box away in the back room, and returned to his desk.  For the next few minutes, he recorded a new message.
Jesse worked late into the evening.  He decided earlier that day that his responsibilities required him to work later allowing many of his working customers the opportunity to pass by at a later time to pick up their costumes.  Jesse made an executive decision to work late every night until Halloween.  He sent an email to Mr. Claw for his approval, and within ten minutes, he received a supportive “yes.”  At nine o’clock, Jesse began to lock up.  He glanced out the window and saw a small line of moviegoers outside of the theater.  Good, he thought, I won’t have to go outside by myself.  Jesse was scared but wasn’t sure why.  He thought about it as he began to tidy up the store. He pulled the blinds down, turned the sign on the door window to read CLOSED and turned off most of the store lights.  He only left on the ones he needed to get around.  At least he knew that he wasn’t going to be scared to death because the witch Ana protected him with a spell.  He thought about how all that multi-colored dust she threw around the room was only to cover up the true reason for her being at the store.  He finally concluded that anyone who went through what he experienced the last couple of days would be scared.  And, as he entertained that thought, while tiding up the store, Jesse became aware of a presence that came forth from the crystal ball in the form of a swirling mist.  
Jesse quickly dropped to his knees.   It was an odd reaction, very childish, but Jesse didn’t want to be seen.  Seen by whom?  Well, by whatever was inside the crystal ball, he told himself.  Jesse carefully crawled and hid behind the wizard robes to get a safe view.  The crystal ball glowed.  Soft shadows whirled on the walls, and different shapes formed.  Jesse could make out figures forming in the twisted fog.  They were seven dragonheads, like the ones he saw before.  Then it went blank, but in their place the reflections of what Jesse thought were six men.  Jesse squinted hard and tried to identify them, but their reflection was too distorted.  He looked around the store but the men were not inside Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  They were somewhere else, but their reflections were on the orb.  Then Jesse heard one of the men call out.
“Lord Bane?”
There was no response.  All six men stood waiting.  They were shrouded in long dark robes concealing their identities.  
“Lord Bane?" the same man called out again.  “If you are there, please answer?”
Again, there was no response.
“It must be true, my lord.” Spoke another man. 
“Yes, my lord, it must be true…” The man who called out Lord Bane consented.
The other men also agreed.  Jesse had no idea what was going on.  He remained crouched behind the robes, his knees growing sore.
“Well, then,” spoke out another wizard.  “It seems as if we need to choose another.”
“Yes,” another voice was heard coming from the group of six. “We should start the interviews for a wizard at once.”
One of the men laughed heartily.   “Let the interviews begin, and let all hell break loose!”
The others joined him in laughter, as the crystal ball went blank and silence was restored.  Their reflections faded only to leave behind the distorted mirror image of the store.
Jesse reached for his cell phone and called the wizard Beifar.

***

Late that evening, Jesse lay in his bed face up and wide-awake.  He was exhausted, but afraid of falling asleep.  He didn’t want to go through another nightmare, another near death experience.  He repeatedly went over in his mind the day’s events, hoping to stay awake - - the return of the crystal ball; the death of the three people who also suffered from strange nightmares; the visit by the police chief; and the bizarre images and conversations in the crystal ball.  Six wizards shrouded in long, dark robes concerned about a certain Lord Bane, who disappeared, or died, resulting in a vacancy in the group requiring a replacement.  Very curious, he thought.  Did this confirm the existence of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers that Beifar mentioned? 
Jesse cleared his mind and focused on his breathing.  He felt his fingers and all the way up to his shoulders.  He could feel the areas that touched the bed, and those that did not.  And then he felt his nose and nostrils.  This is so cool, he thought to himself, and without noticing, he fell asleep.
Jesse heard a knock on the door.  He was busy on his laptop taking orders.  The sign on the door read CLOSED, and the blinds were pulled down.  There was another knock. Jesse pushed away from the desk, and went to it.  He didn’t want to, he tried fighting the urge, but he was already at the front door. Taking hold of the handle with one hand, he unlocked the door with the other.  The bell swung and rang as he turned the knob.  Slowly he opened the door.  It was dark outside and a somber figure stood in the darkness.  Jesse flicked on the lights to discover the same old man from his other bad dreams, in striped prison clothes. Jesse froze.  Oh, no, he thought, I fell asleep!  He desperately tried running away, but he couldn’t.  His legs moved quickly, but he wasn’t going anywhere.  The old man moved forward opening his mouth.  His lips spread apart and his tongue dropped with his jaw.  Jesse could feel a rush of warm, stale breath on his face.  The mouth grew and grew, as Jesse lost himself inside of it.  He felt everything tighten, his body pressing, his heart pounding.  His head was being swallowed up.  He yelled!  But he didn’t wake up.  Jesse panicked.  He could only do one thing, yell.  He repeatedly yelled hoping that someone might hear him and come to his aid.  The pressure intensified as he felt his body being squeezed from all directions, his lungs compressed, his head ached, and his muscles tore.  Jesse tried breathing.  There was no air. His heart pounded. His last defense was to lash out at nothing. Jesse was about to die.
Jesse’s ears popped!  The pressure disappeared as he franticly took a deep breath; his heart and body no longer in pain.  The darkness faded and he woke up.  The protective spell worked.  



Chapter 13 
Friday

Jesse received a text message from the wizard Beifar to meet at the usual place for breakfast.  He quickly dressed, and drove off on his motorbike into town.  It was too early for the Deli to be open, so he didn’t even drive by to visit Cindy on the way to the café.  He parked the motorcycle at the back of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store and methodically walked to the café, where he found the wizard at the usual table, sipping coffee.  Jesse plopped down in his chair, placing his helmet on the floor.  The waitress spotted him from behind the counter, and brought him the usual breakfast and milk.  Jesse looked forward to breakfast.  He was starving and weak.  He didn’t fall asleep after the near death experience last night.  He couldn’t.  There was no way that he was going to allow himself to go through that experience again in the same night, or any night.  As far as he was concerned, he was done sleeping.
The wizard apologized, he hoped that the protective spell cast by his cousin Ana, would work sooner, but the curse was very powerful, and that was the best she was able to do.  He assured Jesse that she was still exploring other alternatives, and to not lose hope.  Jesse shrugged and continued eating.
Beifar explained that he was away doing research on the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers, and that it was an underground organization that dealt in corrupt operations.  The elders were mysterious, business professionals and were very savvy dealing in international, illegal operations.  Their network spanned throughout the world and every despicable member was allowed to join for a large monetary donation.  That was the extent of the information that the wizard was able to uncover, and he still did not know how it all related to Raven Fidgewidge.
“Unless Fidgewidge wants to become a member of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers,” mentioned Jesse, “and he has to go through an interview.  I wonder what kind of questions they would ask.  Are you a murderer?  How many people have you killed in the last six months?   Would he go through one interview, or six?  I wonder if he needs to submit a résumé?”
The wizard thought for a moment.  “Maybe it’s not a résumé, maybe, it’s something else.”  Jesse continued eating.  “…And let all hell break loose?” Beifar repeated pensively.  “What did he mean by that?  It sounds like terrible events are going to take place.  Something else, besides what Claw is up too?”
“Whatever it is,” Jesse chewed his toast. “They all thought it was cute, except Lord Bane.”
“Lord Bane?”
Jesse nodded, “He’s the one who was missing, dead, killed.  That’s the reason they’re going to interview for a wizard.  Did you know Lord Bane?”
The wizard rose from his seat.  “No, I didn’t, but there is someone else I’m acquainted with who calls himself Lord.”
Jesse swallowed, “What a coincidence?”
“Or not,” The wizard tapped his staff, there was a quick flash of light and he was gone.
Jesse shifted in his chair nervously scanning the area.  No one noticed, not even the waitress, they were all absorbed in their own affairs.  Jesse let out a sigh of relief, before he noticed that he was left stuck with the bill.

***

The wizard Beifar appeared in an empty alley, somewhere in a busy city.  The hustle and bustle of its dwellers coming and going filled the surrounding streets.  Beifar came out to the crowded sidewalk wearing his usual attire.  Nobody noticed.  Across the street stood a tall corporate office building - - it was home to Lord Alex Distribution Inc.  He dared not go inside fearing the Emunio Concutio.  He still remembered the pain from his last confrontation with the violent security system.  It was better to approach slowly and avoid the impact that would lead to unconsciousness and the prolonged, lingering after effects. Only large amounts of caffeine helped dilute its effects. However, being an agent did not protect the wizard from encountering an Emunio Concutio.   Beifar took risks, that was his job, and materializing in secure spaces, setting off its fierce security system was many times not optional.  It was one part of his job that he did not appreciate.  This time, Beifar was going to avoid the Emunio Concutio if he could help it.
Beifar staked out the building as he waited for Lord Alex.  He finally saw him drive up in a large, spotless, black Bentley, driven by his chauffeur.  Once Lord Alex was let out, he hurried into the building wearing a long furry dark coat.  The wizard was not impressed.  He followed the car around the back, and into the parking garage.  Lord Alex owned a special parking spot reserved for his car on the ground floor, close to the elevator.  The chauffeur parked the car, locked the doors and set an alarm that sounded and echoed throughout the garage.  The chauffeur waited a few minutes for the elevator, and finally disappeared as the door closed behind him.   Beifar waited in the parking garage patiently.  He positioned himself in a manner that gave him an unobstructed view of the elevators and the dark car.  
A little before noon, the elevator bell rang announcing its arrival.  The doors opened, and the chauffeur came out, walking towards the Bentley.  The wizard paused for a moment.  He’s huge, he thought.  The driver was big, a muscle monster stuffed in a suit and tie with a small, funny chauffeur cap.  The wizard reacted fast.  He pointed his staff at the driver and shouted, “Repello!” 
The driver was thrown against the car and fell to the floor.  Beifar raced out of his hiding spot between two large SUVs and rushed toward the surprised man.  The driver quickly got to his knees and withdrew a wand from his inside coat pocket.  He held it out before him, and pointed it at the wizard.  “Carpo!” he shouted, and Beifar felt his staff being pulled from his grasp.  He held on tight, pulling back with all his strength.
“Carpo!” shouted Beifar, and the driver’s wand flew out of his hand.  
The spell was broken, and Beifar regained control of his staff.  
The large, heavyset driver jumped to his feet and rushed the wizard like a football player.  With a loud yell, he tackled Beifar.  Beifar’s left shoulder took the weight of the fall, his muscles cramping up as the pain traveled down his arm.  Stay focused, he reminded himself.  The driver quickly got to his feet, and ran to get his wand just a few feet away.  Beifar rolled and swung his staff.  It clipped the driver’s feet, and he fell hard on his face.	
“Ligo!” shouted Beifar as he pointed his staff at the downed driver.
The fallen man struggled, but he couldn’t move.  His arms and legs were magically bound behind his back.  
Beifar ran to the wand and with the end of his staff, smashed it in two.  A burst of light emanated from the wand as it broke in half.
The driver thrashed about as he tried to break free.  The wizard bent down on one knee and grabbed him by the tie.  “Where is Lord Alex?”
The driver grunted.
Beifar let go, and the driver banged his head hard on the pavement.  Again he pulled him up close.  “Lord Alex.  Where is he?”
Another grunt and a look that could kill was the only reply.
The wizard swung the end of his staff, and struck the man on the head, and then let go of his tie. The sound of the driver’s head striking the pavement again caused Beifar to cringe.  The angry man cursed out loud.
“One more time, where is he?” Beifar asked.
The unexpected flash of light blinded the wizard for a moment.
“I’m right behind you.”
Beifar turned; another flash and he was sent crashing against a parked car about ten feet away; every nerve ending in his back coming to life.  The car alarm went off and its annoying noise echoed in the parking building.
Focus! Beifar reminded himself as he lifted his staff just in time to block another attack.
Stay focused! Beifar urged as a wave of blasts pounded against his staff.  With every blow, Beifar felt his strength weakening.  The following curse threw him back over the hood of another car.  The alarm sounded from the impact.  Beifar shook off the effects behind the wheels of a large SUV.  
FLASH! 
Beifar was gone.
Lord Alex spun searching frantically.  WHACK!  The blow came from behind.  He rolled on the floor before staggering to his feet.  Beifar swung his staff, the rod struck his adversary’s calves and Lord Alex tumbled to his knees.  Beifar brought his staff down over his head…
FLASH!  Lord Alex was gone!
FLASH!  The wizard Beifar disappeared after him.

***

Jesse was starving.  His stomach kept reminding him that it wanted to be fed, but Jesse didn’t want to go out for lunch until all the morning orders were ready for UPS to pick up.   There was also something about being busy that kept Jesse from letting his mind wander and dwell on the tensions of the last few days.  He enjoyed working.  He found comfort in the satisfying smiles of customers after finding the perfect costume.  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was the one stop spot for would-be wizards and witches.  
Jesse sat back and stretched, “Maybe,” he spoke to himself, “I’ll open a small coffee counter and really pack in a crowd.  Start a wizard and witch club, and have weekly meetings.”  
Jesse smiled.  He closed his eyes, and breathed.  He felt his hands up to his shoulders and then his ears, then nose, then chin.  He felt his entire head, and his neck.  He moved down to his chest, and back.  He could feel the distance between his shoulders.  He was aware of his entire upper body, and the space it occupied.  
Jesse didn’t realize that half an hour passed while performing the Excerises. His mind was clear.  His thoughts were quiet.  He was aware of his upper body mass without touching it.  Then the bell rang, and the UPS man came in.  Jesse shifted in his seat.  He was hoping that the deliveryman didn’t see him performing the Excerises.  In no time, Jesse was signing for the pickup, and the UPS man left.  He loaded all the packages into his truck and drove away in a hurry.  It was then that Jesse noticed that there were no deliveries, and remembered that there were no deliveries yesterday.  He wasn’t sure what to make of it or why he even found it concerning.  
Jesse knew he was well overdue for lunch when his belly grumbled like a boulder rolling down a hill.  He stood to leave, and then he remembered.  It was Friday, lunchtime, and payday.  On a typical Friday, Jesse would go out to the Deli for lunch and find his paycheck waiting for him when he returned on his desk.  He never questioned how it got there, he was just happy to get paid.  But this time it was different.  This time he was curious.  This time he wanted to meet the man behind the paycheck.  So he decided to wait.  He wasn’t going out to lunch.  He was going to wait.  He struggled with the idea because he wanted very much to see Cindy.  He wanted to invite her to the Halloween festival tomorrow night.  He paced the floor pulling back on his hair debating his options, but he felt a strong responsibility to the wizard.  So he chose to wait.  
It was well past lunchtime, and Jesse still hadn’t received his paycheck, or the extra bonus that was promised.  Hungry, impatient and frustrated, he rose from his seat, and walked around the store deliberately taking a break from the mundane routine of taking orders.  He checked the hats, and re-adjusted them.  He folded a few scarves that were misplaced by a woman who was looking for a scarf to match her costume.  He slowly passed the crystal ball, and gazed inside.  He only saw his reflection looking back at him, distorted with a large nose, tiny eyes and ears that sprang out to the sides like that of an elf.  He recalled the events of the crystal ball and the six mysterious men, and how one was missing, the one called Lord Bane.  He considered the “interview” and what kind of questioning they would ask of someone requesting to join the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers.  His mind raced on wondering what kind of person they were willing to hire.  What kind of experience or education would be required?  Jesse shrugged, and went to the brooms.  He stood for a moment and faced the wall.  There were all types of brooms, from new beginners to experienced racers.  The Stealth was the latest and fastest model in the country.  The description on its tag bragged about its abilities.  Jesse took it in his hands.  “What if you could fly on a broom?” he asked himself.  It’s no different from riding a bike, he thought.   He remembered the conversation he experienced with Beifar the first day they met.  The wizard was impressed with the Stealth.  
Jesse took the slick broom and placed it between his legs. He first sat on the shaft, but remembered the wizard’s instructions.  He pulled back, and sat on the fine groomed dry stalk.  “This is the saddle.”  He whispered. The bristles felt softer compared to the wooden rod. “I could do this,” he continued, “if I really believe…I could do this.”  He imagined himself lifting off the ground and soaring out of the store.  He leaned to the right, and the broom turned with him.  He leaned to the left and it followed his command.  Then he felt the need for speed, and leaned forward.  Jesse imagined that he was gliding through the clouds.  Still leaning low, he pulled back on the shaft and like a roller coaster, caused the broom to loop in the air and level off.  “This would be so cool.”  Reality suddenly hit as he glanced around hoping no one was peeking through one of the many windows.  That would have been embarrassing.  He stopped pretending and returned the broom to its place on the wall rack.  “I would have to see someone do it first.”
Then he turned and went to the wand counter.  He looked at the wands on display.  They were very handsome.  Each wand boasted of its magical identities; unicorn hair, phoenix feather or a pinch of fairy dust, just to name a few.  Jesse leaned back, “Wands are not that cool.  I prefer a staff.”  He turned and went back to his desk.  
He smiled as he glanced around the room.  Jesse realized that Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store harbored a different meaning for him ever since the wizard Beifar entered his life.  This was not just another store, another job, and a place to get away and think.  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was a key to another world.  It opened the way to excitement and magic he never dreamed possible.  It was also a place that made temporary dreams come true for Folks wanting to live out their imagination one night a year.  Kids were able to still experience the innocence of childhood, and adults revive the kids that lived deep down inside.  Jesse patted the crystal ball as he passed, “This is a good place to work.”
The orb began to shift and swirl.  The mist spun and formed the shape of a seven-headed dragon.  Jesse didn’t remove his hand from the crystal ball.  His curiosity took the best of him, and he held on.  The dragon slowly vanished and there was only darkness.  Jesse gazed into the crystal ball and saw no one inside.  “Interview?” he heard coming from the crystal ball.  Jesse thought for a moment.  
“Yes?” He finally said.
The crystal ball turned cold.  “Submit your deed.”
Jesse looked confused.  “You mean my résumé?”
“Submit your deed.”  The demanding voice said slowly sending shivers up Jesse’s back.  He was tempted to let go, but he swallowed hard and continued.
“I have only a résumé.”
The mist returned within the crystal ball swirling and rushing like a tornado.  Jesse tried to let go, but couldn’t.  The force of the storm escaped the crystal ball pulling at Jesse.  Its strength pulled his feet from underneath him.  His shirt ripped off his back as Jesse held on to his pants with his free hand.  Jesse glanced to find that the rest of the store was not being affected.   The force pulled at his hair and Jesse yelled from the pain just as he was thrown back.  He fell on his back hard hitting his head on the floor.
“Application must include a deed,” the voice boomed.  The mist cleared, the glow faded and the storm was gone.  The crystal ball returned to normal.
Jesse slowly picked himself up, stunned.  He observed the crystal ball, as he reached for his shirt brushing his hair back with his fingers. Jesse shook his head in disbelief.  Everything was getting stranger and stranger.  There was no other way to explain it.  Jesse decided at that moment that it would be the last time he would ever place a finger on the crystal ball.  Careful not to anger the crystal ball again, he cautiously turned and went to his desk where he attempted to wear his torn shirt.  “Deed?” he questioned as he studied the crystal ball from a safe distance, “interesting.”  Jesse pulled back his chair and faced the laptop out of mere habit.  
On the dark screen was an envelope with his name written across the front.  He recognized the handwriting at once.  Jesse took the sealed envelope and tore the top corner.  It was his paycheck, including an extra large amount for the Halloween bonus.

***

FLASH! 
Lord Alex appeared on a busy city street surprising pedestrians, his corporate building behind him.  
FLASH!
The wizard appeared with staff in hand about four feet behind his adversary.  Lord Alex whirled, his heavy coat following him.  He pointed his wand, and a burst struck the bus stop sign next to Beifar.  It cracked in two, crashing to the ground before the approaching bus.  The huge vehicle shrieked as the driver slammed the brakes and its passengers hurled forward.  Beifar took advantage of the distraction, and drove the staff hard on the floor, and with all his strength, he pushed his body forward bringing his legs out before him, and just as he was going to smash his heels on Lord Alex’s face…
FLASH!
Lord Alex was gone.
FLASH!
Beifar still in mid air, and gripping the staff, disappeared.



Jesse studied the store from his chair.  No one entered, he was sure of it.  The doorbell didn’t sound as it usually did every time a customer arrived.  I was right here all the time, he thought.  He looked out the window but no one was on the porch.  Jesse held on to the paycheck bewildered.  It was impossible for the envelope to just appear unless of course magic was involved.  Anything is possible with magic, he thought. Determined to find out, Jesse drew the chair back, went around the front counter, across the store, and up the steps.  He stood before Raven Claw’s office.  Jesse took a deep breath and knocked on the door.  He waited.  No answer.  Jesse knocked again.  No answer.  He thought for a moment, and then took the risk.  Slowly, Jesse took hold of the doorknob and tried to turn it but it was locked from the inside.  From the inside?  Jesse concluded that magic was definitely involved and that thought didn’t settle well.  Frustrated, he climbed down the steps, and went out the front door, placing a small sign on the doorknob, Out to Lunch Back in 30 minutes.

***
FLASH!
Lord Alex appeared on the roof of the bus.  The twisted and cracked bus sign blocked the street in front of the public transportation vehicle.  The startled passengers stumbled inside as the driver opened the doors and urged everyone out.  Traffic came to a sudden stop.   The thump on the roof made the women scream.  Lord Alex pointed his wand at where he last battled Beifar.
The wizard was gone.
FLASH!
Beifar appeared swinging his staff.  He struck his opponent on the shoulder and sent him tumbling to the side.  Lord Alex struggled to regain his balance.  The remaining passengers inside the bus grew nervous, as the fight above seemed to be crashing down upon them.  The wizard swung again but Lord Alex pointed his wand and a blast struck Beifar square on the chest.  Beifar was thrown from the bus, landing on his side on the roof of a stopped car.  He rolled dropping on the hood.  The female driver and her children screamed.  Beifar felt the pain in his ribs and back.  An intense jolt ran down his leg.  He closed his eyes.  Stay focused, he thought.  Clear the mind, he instructed.  He could feel his toes, knees, arms, and head, even the space in his nostrils.
FLASH!
The wizard Beifar was gone.
FLASH!
Lord Alex followed.
“Mom! That was a wizard!” proclaimed a young girl sitting in the back of the car.  “That was a wizard, a wizard, a wizard!”
The other two kids excitedly joined her in the cheer.
FLASH!
The wizard appeared on another busy corner, just a few feet from the intersection, down the street from the bus.  The crowd of people crossing the street pushed away when Beifar unexpectedly materialized amongst them.  
FLASH!
Lord Alex materialized just a few feet behind the wizard on the crosswalk. Passengers in the stopped cars jumped out amazed.  Beifar turned to face a wand bearing down on him.  Eye to eye contact was made.  Lord Alex smiled victoriously.  Beifar closed his eyes.
Bang!
The driver wasn’t able to break as he hurried to cross the intersection before the signal changed.  He swerved around pedestrians just before slamming into Lord Alex, propelling him into a stopped car.  The delivery boy fell off his bike, the Chinese food contents in the basket landed all over Lord Alex, whose head struck the front fender and fell hard on the pavement.  His nose was broken; his head pulsed from the pain; his knees twisted and gave out under the force of the blow.  Lord Alex was in total agony, unable to focus on anything but the pain.   People ran over to assist him, but Beifar was the first to reach Lord Alex and whispered the binding hex. Lord Alex went completely stiff.  The wizard took hold of his foe’s coat…
FLASH!
They were both gone.
The people left behind were all stunned.

***

Jesse couldn’t wait to arrive at the Deli.  He found himself longing to see Cindy and just talk about anything.  Anything that would distract his mind from wizards and witches and everything that went with it.  He wanted to tell Cindy, he wanted to tell her everything, but he knew better.  She would never believe him.  He wasn’t sure if he really believed it. Who in their right mind would?  Jesse shook his head as he forced the thoughts away.  It was a beautiful, cool day, and the Deli was disappointingly packed.  He was hoping that he would find Cindy alone.  Jesse pushed open the small picket fence door that led to the restaurant, and noticed that everyone sitting outside stopped and watched him enter.  A few whispered behind his back as he passed them by.   Jesse knew it was related to the three strange deaths, just as Rob mentioned.  Once inside, Jesse encountered the same reaction.  
Jesse was relieved to finally see Cindy.  He put all the uncomfortable feelings aside and sat at the end of the counter as he patiently waited.  Unfortunately for Jesse, the Deli was busier than he expected, and Cindy was unavailable.   She rushed to take his order and then turned away without a warm welcome or kind word.  Feeling confused and a bit apprehensive, he ordered his usual turkey sandwich and a fruit to go.  Jesse’s main intent was to ask Cindy to the Halloween festival.  He hoped it wasn’t too late.  In no time his lunch was prepared, placed inside a clear plastic container, and stuffed in a plastic bag.  Cindy gave Jesse the check, took his money, returned the change, and invited him to come back again, just like she would with any other customer.  Except Jesse wasn’t just any other customer, he was more than that, or so he thought.  Jesse stood for a moment bewildered. Was he experiencing the cold shoulder or was Cindy just busy, occupied with all the demanding customers?  He tossed around the idea of asking her to the Halloween festival as he watched her for a few moments.  She appeared frazzled -- rushing back and forth between tables, her hair a bit messy and her dress untidy.  It didn’t matter to Jesse.  At that moment everything around him faded into the background and he heard and saw no one but Cindy.
“Cindy,” he called after her.  She turned, a little nervous, and glanced at the others in the store.  “Are you going to the festival tomorrow?”
“Y-yes.” She stuttered.  “I’ll be there.”
“Alone?”
Cindy gave a slight smile.  “Well, with some friends.  No one special, I mean.”
“Good, I’ll look for you.”
Cindy did not know how to react.  Everyone inside the Deli was watching her, waiting for her to make the next move.  She was obviously uncomfortable with all the attention, which made Jesse sorry that he just shouted out the question before everyone.   
 “Sure,” she finally answered nodding her head, “that would be great.”  Then she quickly returned to tending tables.
Jesse slowly walked out, hiding the smile that so desperately wanted to be freed.  He glanced back at her a couple of times, hoping for a glance in return, but Cindy didn’t dare.  Everyone else waited for Jesse to leave before returning to their gossip.


***

FLASH!
Beifar and Lord Alex materialized back in the garage.  Blood streamed down the stiff man’s nose.  His arms pinned behind his back and his legs crossed.  His wand lost, left behind at the intersection.  Next to them laid the driver, his huge body motionless like a sea lion sunbathing, still under the effects of the Ligo spell, and suffering from a pounding headache.
Lord Alex breathed heavily, defeated and restrained by Beifar.  The wizard’s side ached from the fall off the bus, but he stayed clear, focused, and fully aware.  The result of intense training a wizard endures to become an agent.  Losing focus could also mean losing a duel or worse, one’s life.
Beifar drew close to Lord Alex.  He felt disgust for his foe.  The animosity ran very deep and was the result of an ugly, long history.  “Where is he?  Where is Raven Fidgewidge?”
Lord Alex forced a wicked smile.
Beifar let go, and Lord Alex’s head hit the pavement hard.  With his free hand, Beifar grabbed Lord Alex’s broken nose and squeezed it.  Blood gushed out, as Lord Alex screamed in pain.  His driver squirmed.  
Beifar let go.  “Where is Raven Fidgewidge?”
“I don’t know.”  Lord Alex cried.  His white shirt stained with his blood.
The wizard gestured to squeeze Lord Alex’s broken nose again.
“I don’t know!” he yelled.  His voice echoed through the garage over the deafening car alarms.  “I don’t know!  I don’t know!”
Beifar squeezed the broken nose again.  More blood gushed out from Lord Alex’s nose as he yelled louder.
The familiar chime unexpectedly announced the arrival of the elevator as the doors began to slowly open.  Beifar quickly turned and pointed to the doors with the top of his staff causing them to slam shut before anyone was able to exit.  The people inside were stunned and bewildered.  They pounded on the door, desperate to be let out, as they shouted for help and rang the emergency bell.
Beifar was running out of time.  In a few moments the garage would be full of security and an emergency crew to free everyone trapped in the elevator.
“I won’t ask you again.” He threatened his foe.  “Tell me where he is or I’ll rip your nose off.”
Beifar fought against the urge to squeeze his nose again.  “Mily Breezy.”  Lord Alex whimpered. “She is Raven Fidgewidge’s girlfriend.   She helped him escape from jail.  She might know.  You’ll pay for this…”
“I can’t wait.”
FLASH!
The wizard Beifar was gone.
The elevator doors opened.  Its passengers rushed out impatiently and relieved.  To their surprise, they found two men on the floor unable to move.  Their arms pinned behind their backs and their legs crossed.  One of the two bled from his nose demanding to be set free.

***

Jesse’s cell phone rang.  He pulled it out of his loose jeans and flipped it open. It was the wizard Beifar.  
“Hello.” he stopped and leaned back in his chair.  He just finished his lunch and was beginning to fill out another order.
“I’m across the street.”
Jesse looked out the window and found the wizard standing in the same spot where he first saw him, across the street, underneath the light post.  To Jesse, that day seemed like another lifetime ago.
“You’re invited to come in.,” said Jesse.
There was no reply.  The wizard hung up and rushed across the street, stuffing his cell phone into his pant pocket.
Jesse did the same with his cell phone.
The front door opened, and the bell rang.  Jesse watched the wizard hurry inside, gripping his staff, wearing his pointy hat and long, dark cloak.  
“I need an address?” he demanded seriously
“Whose?” asked Jesse, intrigued.
“Mily Breezy.” The wizard made his way around the counter and stood behind Jesse.
“Mily Breezy, but why?”  Jesse pressed the keyboard and a new screen appeared on the computer.  “She’s one of our best clients.  She’s very nice, sends me emails and stuff.”  
The wizard leaned in closer behind Jesse and whispered in his ear.  “She is Claw’s girlfriend.”
Jesse sat straight.  A sudden rush overtook him.  The kind of feeling one gets when finishing an exam and knowing all the answers are correct.  They were close now to finding Raven Fidgewidge.  This was the best lead that they received.  Quickly, Jesse searched through a few screens and finally found an address that was not her PO Box.
They both stared at the screen, then at themselves, as Jesse’s heart beat faster.  
The wizard stepped away and headed back to the front door.
“Be careful.”  Jesse called after him.  What he really wanted to say was, “Can I come?”
“Listen Jesse,” Beifar turned and faced him from the front door.  “The Emunio Concutio here is very powerful.  It will protect you from any Wizardry.  You’re the owner, remember?  You control the alarm.  If anything should happen to me, my cousin Ana knows to come here right away to help you.  If you’re scared, stay here and don’t go outside.”  Jesse swallowed hard.  “I’ll be back as soon as I can, or I’ll call you.”
The wizard closed the door behind him, stood out on the porch, looked both ways, and then tapped his staff when the way was clear.
FLASH!

***

It was late again, and Jesse finally shut down his laptop.  He glanced out his window just before he closed the blinds and saw another line forming across the street at the movie theater. Tonight three different scary movies were playing.  It was two nights before Halloween, and they were banking on this to bring in the crowds.
Jesse closed the blinds, turned off some of the lights, and turned the sign to read CLOSED.  It was the busiest day so far.  There were customers coming in and out all day.  Last minute orders were beeping on the computer, and it got to a point that Jesse thought he was about to lose his mind.  Whenever he was able, he took a break, and practiced the Exercises.  He found that it helped him relax.
Jesse was tidying up when he noticed a slight glow emanating from the crystal ball.  He stopped and stepped back so as not to be noticed.  Fog swirled within it and the image of seven interwoven dragons appeared. It slowly faded away as Jesse heard a voice coming from within.
“My Lords,” the image of a very well dressed man in a long, dark coat appeared in the distance.  He was balding on the top and wore his hair very short.  A well-trimmed goatee could not compete with his deformed nose.  His nose was obviously broken and swollen.  That must have hurt, thought Jesse.  “My Lords, I have done your request.”  He bowed.
“Indeed you have.”  Spoke another man -- tall and very distinguished.  He wore his grey hair rather long and greased back tight.  He stood erect; his long, dark robe covered his feet. He seemed to float as he moved. “Excellent.  If everything goes well and as planned, we’ll be able to get rid of two birds with one stone.”
Other men could be heard laughing in the background.
“My Lords,” spoke the well dressed man with the broken nose, “are you pleased with my task?”
There was a round of applause.  The well-dressed man smiled, and then twitched from the pain in his nose.  He bowed until the applause ceased.  Then he straightened up and addressed the remaining members of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers.
“If it pleases the Circle, my Lords,” continued the man with the broken nose.  “I would like to submit my application for an interview.  I would like to be considered for the position of the Seventh Sorcerer. I present to you my deed.”
There was silence.
The tall, distinguished man slowly raised his arms and clapped.  At first no one joined in, but he persisted, clapping louder until another followed, and then another, until eventually all six members of the Circle of Seven showed their approval.
The very well dressed man with the broken nose closed his eyes and bowed.
The crystal went blank and only dim lights from the store reflected off its glass.

***

Jesse jumped from his bed.  He experienced another nightmare.  He breathed fast and deep, the sheets soaked in sweat.  He could remember every detail of the near death nightmare.  He almost died again. It was the exact same dream that he experienced last night.  It was the exact same scenario.  It was the same old man, with the large mouth, that tried to swallow him up.  	
Jesse sat gasping at first, slowly regaining all of his senses before he calmed down.  He brushed back his hair, and focused.  He felt his fingers, hands, arms, head, torso, and then he felt his toes.  Jesse sat still, clear and focused on his slow breathing.  He felt his toes.
Jesse slowly moved up to his calves.  He was tempted to flex them, but he resisted.  He didn’t want to break the flow.  He felt his knees, his thighs and his hips.  He kept moving up and incorporated the rest of the upper body.  Jesse could feel his entire self.  He knew the relationship of his body with the room around him.  He was aware of his energy.  He was aware!  And then something else happened, something else that he was not expecting.  Jesse was aware of his feelings. He recognized the fear and excitement that the dream brought on.  He recognized the peace of the moment and the rush of knowing.  He was aware of the moment, and not the past few moments or the next few, but that very moment, and that moment overshadowed the all others.  The awareness of the moment, and how he related to it, was more intense, it was real.  
Jesse remained in that state for quite some time.  It wasn’t till the sun broke through the morning clouds and the first rays peeked through the window blinds, that Jesse opened his eyes.  It was then that he realized how much time transpired, and that he was no longer in his bed. He was now standing in the middle of the room with his arms spread far apart.  He was filled with great peace and energy.  He felt whole.   
“I’m a wizard.” He told himself.


Chapter 14
Saturday

It was early Saturday morning.  The sprinklers turned on automatically in perfect, synchronized unison covering the lawn in a soft, wet mist.  The beautiful San Francisco bay could be seen in the distance as the morning welcomed a new day.  The huge building stood at the top of a hill - - Pyewackett Private School for Witches. The castle structure overlooked the bay with its ancient tall towers and high-pitched roofs.  Its manicured lawn and spacious surroundings welcomed private school girls every morning, except for today.  It was the weekend, and no girls were found roaming the halls or meeting for a quick chat between classes on a Saturday morning.  It was very quiet and very peaceful.  A large, concrete wall surrounded the property, and security cameras kept the elite student population under surveillance at all times. Pyewackett Private School for Girls excelled in modern education, Folk history and sciences, social skills and magic. The school was renown throughout the entire country, but not to the Folk world, and especially not to the neighboring Folks.   	
A small, cute cottage sat not far from the school building and dorms.  It was located in the back of the property with bright flowerbeds and a swirling walkway that led to the front porch.  This was the home of the Pyewackett head mistress, Mily Breezy.  The front door of the cottage opened and a tall slender woman with a long neck and huge hips came out holding, what appeared to be, a cup of coffee.  She wore rollers in her blond hair and a long, pale, pink nightgown that stopped just short of the floor, revealing her fluffy pink slippers as she walked.  She made her way down the well-paved walkway to the morning paper.  Slowly, she bent over while balancing her cup so as not to spill it.  
FLASH!
Coffee spilled all over her slippers.  Mily cursed and quickly straightened up.  She immediately turned, surprised to find Beifar standing behind her, wearing his tall, pointy hat and long, black cloak.
“Officer, Is there a problem?” She smiled revealing a row of ugly, coffee-stained teeth.
“I think we should go inside, Miss Breezy.”
Mily Breezy was a middle-aged woman with very pale skin, large bug-shaped eyes, long and skinny hands, and a pointy nose that deviated just a little to the left.  She must have broken it at one point in her life.  Later Jesse would remark that Mily Breezy looked like the perfect, evil, wicked witch.  
“What is the problem?” asked Mily.
“We have reason to believe that you assisted Raven Fidgewidge with his escape from jail.  That would make you an accomplice.”  The wizard raised his eyebrows, but Mily wasn’t able to see them underneath his wide-brimmed hat.  “However, if you were to answer a few questions…”
Mily interrupted.  “Not here…the girls.  Please, let’s go inside.”
The wizard agreed. Beifar cautiously followed Mily with the tip of his staff pointed at her back.  Once inside, the wizard closed the door behind him.  Mily didn’t stop.  She slowly led Beifar through the house and into the kitchen.  Moly’s small house was just as cute inside as it was outside.  A collection of odd furniture pieces occupied most of the space with decorative sofas and chairs.  Art deco lamps and figurines adorned tabletops and colorful paintings hung on the different colored walls.  The center table in the living room was full of different, ornate picture frames of Mily with someone.  Beifar looked closer and noticed that it was a man, but could not identify him.  In each picture he was facing away or an object obscured his face.  It was very frustrating, but Beifar was certain that in each picture the man accompanying Mily Breezy was Raven Fidgewidge.  No doubt a secret identity hex was placed on the pictures to conceal his identity.  
The wizard did not enter the small kitchen at first.  He stood at the doorway and studied the house.  There was more than one way into the small kitchen.  Each end of the kitchen provided an entrance, one from the dinning room and the other from the living room.  He searched for items that looked suspicious, but most of all, for her wand.  There was no indication in the house that Mily Breezy was a witch.  However he never relaxed, or lowered his guard.
“Please, officer….”
“Agent Mahgo.”
“Oh, an agent from the Department?”  Mily looked impressed.  “Well, please sit down while I make us some coffee.  I… uh… spilled mine outside.”
The wizard slowly crossed the kitchen and sat behind a small kitchen table, his back facing the wall, his staff still pointed at the witch.
“To begin,” Mily turned on the coffee maker, took the pot in her hand and walked over to the sink, “I did help Raven escape.  I was in love with him, and somehow…well, you know how that goes agent Mahgo, don’t you?”
She turned the hot water knob, and filled the pot half way.
“How did you get him out?”
“Oh, that was a simple spell that did not allow the garbage truck to close the dumpster all the way.”  She returned the pot half way filled with water to the coffee maker.  “It was Raven’s job to get in it and get out without being detected.”  She faced the wizard and smiled.
“Where is he?”
“Raven?”  Mily opened the cupboard over the sink, and reached for a large coffee container with both hands.  “The last time I spoke to him,” she undid the top, and reached inside.  “He was…” 
Mily pulled out her wand and whirled.  The blast punched a hole inches from Beifar’s head.  Mily cursed at her miss.
The wizard kicked the small table forward causing it to fall on its side.  As Mily screamed, another blast shot from her wand missing Beifar and blasting an additional hole in the wall, as he ducked behind the small table.  Trapped, Beifar aimed his staff at the ceiling light, causing it to shatter into tiny sharp pieces.  Mily yelled as she covered her head with her arms protecting herself from the shower of sharp, cut glass.  With all his strength, Beifar leapt from behind the table and ran out of the kitchen.  Mily shrieked, and another blast tore through the wall just over Beifar, sending pieces of flying debris everywhere.  Dust filled the room making it difficult to see.  Beifar crouched low as he ran.  The witch screamed again hysterically, and another blast caused more plaster to fall over the wizard’s head.  Beifar kept running.  He needed to.  It was his only defense.  Mily knew exactly where he was going, and aimed her wand in the same direction.  Blast after blast filled the walls with holes, dust and drywall covered Beifar as he barely avoided every attack.  Then an unexpected explosion rocked the house as one more blast struck the light switch on the wall, causing a spark.  Smoke filled the kitchen.  Mily was outraged, overcome with madness.  She took aim, pointed her wand at the other entrance to the kitchen…
FLASH!
Suddenly, Mily felt someone behind her.  His staff came from behind, over her head, and knocked the wand out of her hand.  She screamed and bent to get it, but the wizard pulled her back with his staff, both arms pulling at each end.  The witch was pinned against Beifar.  
“Ligo!” he shouted.
Mily dropped to the floor.  She was all tied up, helpless.  “When Claw finds out…he’s…going to kill me!” She cried.
Beifar stepped over her, bent down taking her wand and tucked it inside his cloak pocket.  He then turned to Mily, took hold of her shoulder and,
FLASH!
They were both gone.

***

It was another beautiful, sunny and cool October morning in Mount Dora.  Jesse drove his motorcycle down Mount Dora Road, taking in the outstanding Lake Dora view.  As he approached Downtown Mount Dora, he headed toward Donnelly Park.  The Lakeside Inn was nicely decorated for the Halloween event, and many of its guests were walking across the street, heading into the shopping district.  Jesse was forced to slow down as he approached Baker Street.  He could see the park just ahead and all the preparations taking place.  The two war monuments were decorated with large pumpkins surrounding their base, and a band was setting up at the Boards Community Performance Stage.  A small stage was built next to Edgerton Fountain with speakers and mikes. Tables and chairs were arranged throughout the grounds.  Volunteers helped string up bright lights, and prop up scarecrows and witches on bamboo sticks everywhere.  Vendors were busy setting up their makeshift shops under tents, as merchandise was unpacked and sorted.  The excitement of the evening event was everywhere.
As Jesse turned down one of the many narrow streets, he noticed that all the stores were decorated with Halloween items.  Pumpkins and jack-o-lanterns abounded.  Even the lampposts throughout the city were dressed up with hoisted plastic brooms and banners, strung from one side of the street to the other, announcing tonight’s event. Mount Dora was buzzing.  The annual Halloween festival provided a huge source of revenue to the town and its businesses, drawing people from everywhere.  The variety of shops, antique stores, art galleries and cozy bed and breakfasts were attractive added features.
Jesse couldn’t help feel the enthusiasm of the event.  It was contagious.  Halloween was never more alive for him than here at Mount Dora.  Even the air was different -- as if ghouls were settling down upon the tiny, lakeside town to participate in the evening festival.  
Jesse turned onto another street and could see Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store in the center of the block.  Outside the store, a small group of customers waited to get in.   Jesse drove his motorcycle up to the front of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store, and stopped to address the anxious customers.  He flipped his helmet visor up and called out to them over the rumbling of the motor, “I’ll be opening in just a few minutes.  I’m sorry for the wait.”  He flipped the visor back down, and drove into the alley.
Jesse was feeling great.  He felt rested and at ease.  He felt better than he ever did since he arrived at Mount Dora.  Surprisingly, he looked forward to the Halloween festival.  Maybe it was because he was going to spend some quality time with Cindy; maybe because he needed to have some fun after working so hard; maybe because it offered him a few hours of distraction from all the weirdness of the last few days; maybe because he completed the Exercises and was aware of his self, his energies and his feelings; or, maybe he was just excited to see his costumes being worn by so many at the festival.  Whatever the reason, he was appreciative of his joyful state and smiled at the thought.    Jesse felt inexplicably free and exhilarated.   He couldn’t wait to speak to the wizard and advise him of the new development. 
What costume was he going to wear? He wondered.      Jesse turned into the small backyard to park and came to a shrieking stop.  If not for his quick reaction, he would have run right into a woman’s motionless body, lying on the floor.  Beifar stood beside her.
Jesse turned off the engine, kicked the stand of the bike into place and jumped off.  He quickly removed his helmet, approached the woman, and leaned over her body.  Mily looked up at him with sad eyes, tears falling down the sides of her face, into her ears.  Her look was hopeless as she pleaded for help.
Jesse stood up, faced the wizard, and asked him, annoyed, “What is going on here?  Who is this woman?”
“Mily Breezy.”
“Mily Breezy?  Mily Breezy?” Jesse pulled his hair back tightly over his forehead dumbfounded.  “This is Mily Breezy, my customer?”    
“I had no place to take her.”  The wizard pushed his large hat back.  “I need a place to question her.  Your shop is the best place.  Claw would never suspect that she’d be hidden here, right under his nose.”
Jesse stopped and thought.  The wizard was correct.  Mr. Claw would never suspect that Mily Breezy would be held captive at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  “OK, we’ll keep her in the back room.”
Jesse took his key from his baggy jeans and opened the back door.  A few, empty boxes fell out on top of him.  Quickly, he moved them out of the way and stacked them up against the outside wall.  Then he turned to Beifar and gestured to hurry.  The wizard did not move.
“What?” asked Jesse.
The wizard smiled, then tilted and gestured his head towards the door.  
“Oh, yeah,” Jesse said impatiently, “you’re invited to come inside.”
Jesse helped carry the bound woman inside. Locking the door behind him, it occurred to him that someone might have seen them.  It concerned him that the police might be alerted.  
Every wonderful feeling Jesse felt just minutes ago evaporated.  He was overwhelmed with stress and felt he was in over his head with this new development.
Jesse and the wizard Beifar pulled Mily onto a small plastic chair making sure that she was as comfortable as possible under the Ligo spell.  Out in front, the waiting customers were getting impatient and repeatedly knocked on the door.  Jesse felt his body tense up from the stress.  He was hiding a kidnapped witch inside his store, and was about to open the store to a growing group of customers.   Once Mily was securely propped up, he closed the door behind him and ran to the front.
“Just one moment.” he called out.
Jesse turned on the remaining lights, opened up all the blinds and quickly turned on the laptop.  Then he ran back to the front door and unlocked it.  The door opened and the bell rang as the customers rushed in, almost knocking him over.
The rest of the morning was busy and stressful, with barely enough time to breath.  A constant procession of customers came and went.  They tried on hats and robes; threw scarves around their necks, parading up and down the store; they grabbed brooms and pretended to fly around dodging tables and stands.  Then there were those that wanted to test the wands.  They waved them in the air, reciting made up spells, hoping to see some real magic.  It was nonstop.  
Amidst all the commotion, Jesse protected the back door like a guard dog so that no one would accidentally venture through it.  The morning flew by.  It was now a little after noon and the last customer left with a witch’s robe and wand.  Jesse closed for lunch.  He placed the sign on the door that read Out to Lunch and pulled all the blinds down.  He ran to the back of the store as fast as he could, opened the door to the storage room, only to find an empty chair.
The wizard Beifar and Mily Breezy were gone.  He was thankful that they were gone.  Had they left in the normal sense of the word or did they vanish?  Jesse was also confused.  Where would Beifar take an immobile witch?  Jesse just shrugged, he had no clue and it was a waste of time trying to figure it out.  Things just kept getting odder and odder.  Wizards, he told himself, don’t do things the same way everyone else does.  Still, Jesse wanted to be with the wizard.  It didn’t make sense but he was beginning to feel left out.  So Jesse decided to stay in for lunch just in case Beifar needed to return and required an invitation to enter the store.  
Jesse called the Deli and ordered, for delivery, the usual sandwich from Cindy.  She was much more pleasant than yesterday.  In fact, Cindy spoke to Jesse for quite some time, and encouraged him to find her at the festival.  The conversation was enjoyable and helped Jesse forget about the wizard and his hostage.  During his lunch break Jesse processed some online orders, preparing them for overnight delivery.  
When Jesse opened for business again, the rush continued.  Local customers and out of town visitors filled the store for the rest of the afternoon.  At one point, Jesse was completely out of robes and hats for witches.  The low-end, cheaper brooms also sold out at some point during the mid-afternoon, and the wands were the last to sell out at the end of the day.  Jesse was forced to turn away shoppers and closed the shop at 5:00 p.m.  He pulled down the blinds, flipped the sign over to read CLOSED, turned off the main lights, except for a couple, and began to clean up the mess left behind. 
That was when Jesse heard a sound from the laptop announcing a new email.  He left his chores and returned to his desk.  It was from Mr. Claw and it read,
Hi Jesse,
I plan to attend the Halloween festival tonight.  You can’t miss me; I’ll be dressed up like a wizard, straight out of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  I look forward to meeting you face to face at last.
Signed,
Mr. Claw

Jesse couldn’t believe it.  At last he was going to meet his boss or, a wizard gone mad.  
Jesse called Beifar on his cell phone.  The wizard answered.  It was the first time that Jesse ever reached him by phone.  He was surprised but even more surprising was noise and music in the background.  People could be heard laughing and shouting through the phone.  
“Where are you?” Jesse asked.
“I’m at the festival,” answered Beifar with certainty.  “I’ve been here for some time, and I have Mily Breezy with me.”
“Why?”
“I plan to flush Raven Fidgewidge out.  I’ve spread the word that I’m holding her hostage, and I’m assuming that he’s going to rescue her.”
“He is,” shouted Jesse.  “He just sent me an email that he was going to be at the festival, and hoped to meet me tonight.”  
“He’s coming to kill her.”  Beifar finally said after a few seconds of silence.  Jesse could feel the tension in his voice.
Jesse did not respond.
“Jesse, get down here as fast as you can.  I’m going to need your help.”
Jesse hung up the cell phone.  The rush was back; that overwhelming thrill of a new challenge when the odds are against you.  Nervous and excited, Jesse punched the air with his fist, energized.  He felt as if he was standing at the top of the largest water slide, ready to take the plunge, not knowing what to expect, but thrilled about the prospect.
Jesse looked around the store.  He knew exactly what to wear.  He grabbed a large, pointy, black hat and placed it on his head.  He turned the brim downward to deliberately resemble the wizard Beifar.  He then took a black, wizard’s cloak off the rack and put it on.  It hung down to his ankles, fitting just right.  He then went inside the storage room and pulled out a long wooden pole that was, at one point, used as a curtain rod over the front windows.  He grabbed some black, masking tape and wrapped it a few times around the rod to give it a design.  At one end of the makeshift staff was a hole that used to contain a brass end.  Jesse thought for a moment; ran to the front desk; opened the top drawer; and pulled out a pocket flashlight.  He forced it into the hole and twisted off the top.  The flashlight emitted a slight glow just over the shaft.  Cool, thought Jesse, proud of his wizard’s staff.  He then went over to the other end of the store and stood in front of a large mirror.  He looked just like a wizard, or so he thought.  Of course, as far as he knew, he only knew one real wizard.
The bell rang as Jesse left the store, locking the door behind him.  He headed down the street towards Donnelly Park and the Halloween festival.  The streets were empty, the movie theater was closed along with most of the retail stores, and only the cafés and restaurants were open. 
Jesse Alexander quickly walked down the sidewalk.  As he drew further from Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store, and closer to the festival, his mind wrestled with whether or not he should actually attend.  He felt a sense of foreboding and knew that with each step he was most certainly getting closer to unknown and unwanted danger.  It was inevitable.  The wizard Beifar was at the festival, using as bait, a woman, bound and held captive against her will, in an effort to expose the evil Mr. Claw.  He knew that Mr. Claw would be at the festival because of the email he received.  A large lump formed in his throat. There was no turning back now.  The only positive thing about continuing on course was the fact that he was going to spend time with Cindy.  
Jesse held on to the image of Cindy holding his hand, while strolling through the park, as all Mount Dora celebrated Halloween - - it helped distract him from what most assuredly awaited him.  Jesse breathed in deeply and performed the Exercises with staff in hand, tapping the floor with every step he took.
Jesse turned the last corner and saw Donnelly Park across the street.  The decorative pumpkin lights lit the park with a soft festive orange glow.  The mayor addressed the crowd from the small stage, welcoming all to the annual event.  The crowd cheered and applauded at the end of his short speech.  At one end of the park vendors sold all types of items, while at the other end food stands lured the hungry with their bewitching scent of diverse cuisines. Jesse’s stomach grumbled as he walked past the stand that sold grilled ribs and chicken, and next to it was another that sold hot dogs and hamburgers.  
He walked around the park searching for Beifar but it was difficult because, whereas before he stood out with his pointy hat, cloak and staff in hand, tonight everyone was in costume and he blended right in. He wondered how many in attendance were actually Wizardry?  More than I care to know, he thought.
The small light at the top of Jesse’s staff turned out to be very useful.  Many times he found himself between tents or underneath large trees, and the light from the flashlight helped show him the way, or avoid tripping over large roots or tossed trash.  The sun set quickly leaving behind an uneasy spooky atmosphere where goblins and shrouded figures roamed the park freely.
The vending section was crowded with people pushing and shoving as they moved from one tent to another.  Jesse found himself caught up in the human traffic and, before he knew it, was accidentally pushed inside a tent.  He didn’t see the small sign that read, This and That.  When Jesse stopped whirling he found himself standing in front of the witch Isabella. She immediately produced her wand and pointed it at his nose. In the corner of the tent stood Clara and Agatha; it was odd that he was the only person inside the tent.  Jesse knew he was in trouble and gulped. The tent was crowded with all sorts of strange items for sale.  Isabella waved her wand, and Jesse closed his eyes expecting the worst.  A strange noise was heard coming from behind him. Jesse turned to find the large tent zipper zipping itself shut -- the two flaps that led out were now closed.  Jesse was trapped inside the tent, along with the three witches.  He could hear the people outside searching or pushing on the sides as they tried to find an entrance.
“Well, well, well,” spoke Clara as she approached Jesse.  “Look who we have here, the Fidgewidge boy.”  She faked a smile.  
Agatha remained in the corner, but Isabella moved in a little closer to Jesse.
“Are you going to un-invite us now?” asked Isabella.  “That was so rude.”
Jesse swallowed and held tightly to his staff.  He wanted to run, but there was nowhere to go.
“Let me teach him a lesson,” requested Isabella.
Clara smiled as she thought about it.
“No, no!” cried Agatha.  “Everyone will know!  It will be the end of our store. Please!”
Jesse glanced from one witch to the other waiting for a reaction.
“Why are you here?” asked Clara suspiciously.
Jesse stuttered, “I-I’m looking for the wizard Beifar Mahgo.”
Isabella straightened up when she heard the name.  “Is he here?”
“He needs me,” continued Jesse, “he asked me to come and help him.”
“Wonderful, wonderful…” Agatha walked to the front of the tent and waved her wand.  The zipper unzipped.  
“Wait!” ordered Clara.  The zipper stopped moving.  “I’ll let you out after you give us the crystal ball.  You have no need for it.  You don’t even know how to use it.  We do, and it could come in very handy.”  She smiled stroking her chin.
“I can’t do that.  It doesn’t belong to me.”
“That is true,” said Clara.  “That crystal ball belongs to the Society until the new wizard is chosen.  But you own it now, Fidgewidge.  Why?”
“I’m not Fidgewidge!”  Jesse was losing his patience with the witches.  “Now, let me go, the wizard needs me!”
“I want that crystal ball!” shouted Clara.  “Now give it to us!  If you haven’t learned how to use its power by now, you never will.  Give it to me or I’ll…”
“Don’t be silly, Clara.”  Agatha stepped in between.  “That crystal ball is of no use to us.  Do you want the Society coming around our store looking for it?  You don’t want to mess with them, you know that.  I guarantee you that as soon as they elect a new sorcerer; he’ll be coming around for it too.”
Clara stood straight looking down at Jesse very agitated.  “They need to be stopped,” she murmured.  
Agatha waved her wand over Jesse’s head and the zipper moved up the tent as the entrance re-appeared.  Immediately customers entered.  Agatha grabbed Jesse by the shoulders and steered him out.  “Go and save the wizard.” She instructed as she twirled him around and tossed him out into the crowd.
Jesse stood happy to be free from the three witches.  He quickly turned and proceeded through the park in search of Beifar.  A band played on the stage as people dressed in costumes danced on the dance floor.  Jesse recognized many of the outfits from Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  On the other end of the dance floor was Edgerton Fountain and next to it the small stage from where the mayor gave his welcoming speech.  Then Jesse spotted a grey, pointy hat behind the fountain.  He raced over to it, his cloak flowing behind him, and found Mily Breezy sitting at a small table with the wizard Beifar.
“Well, don’t you look impressive,” remarked the wizard.  He stood up and walked around to Jesse with a smile.  Then he took the lit staff and admired it before removing the flashlight.  He handed it back to Jesse, who wondered why he would do such a thing? But then Beifar waved his hand over it.
“Lumen” he commanded.
A flash burst from the top of Jesse’s staff, and then settled into a small light that was stronger than the one that came from the flashlight.
“Here you go.  Some things are better with a little help from magic.” Beifar handed the staff back to Jesse.  Jesse was amazed.  He held the staff over his head and for a second he pretended that he was an actual wizard.
“I can feel my energy!” Jesse proclaimed proudly.  “I did it!  I can feel my entire body without touching any part of it at the same time.”  Jesse was so excited that it caught the wizard by surprise.
Mily Breezy just sat in her chair watching everything.  Then suddenly her eyebrows rose very high, and her eyes widened.  Across the way, close to the stage, she watched a man also dressed like a wizard.  He was dressed exactly like Jesse.  He moved around the crowd and then she lost him.  She tried to speak, but she was still hexed.
“Excellent!” the wizard was thrilled, and patted Jesse on his shoulder.  “Tell me how it happened… Mily?”
Mily looked panicky.  
“Finio!” commanded the wizard.
The binding spell was removed.  Mily stood up franticly.  “He’s here!  I saw him!  He’s here!”
Jesse gasped.
The wizard grabbed her by the shoulders and sat her back down.
“Calm down, Mily.  Calm down.”
“He’s going to kill me!” She screamed and some of the people near by looked her way.
“Mily, what is he wearing?” the wizard asked slowly.
She shook her head refusing to answer.
“Mily, if we don’t stop him, he’s going to kill you and others.  Now, what is he wearing?” Beifar said quietly so that no one else could hear.
Mily lifted a shaky hand and pointed to Jesse with one trembling finger.  “Like him!” she cried.  “And he was over there by the band!”
Jesse stood shocked. He just came through there.  Was Mr. Claw following him?  If so, then he inadvertently led Claw directly to Mily.
“Ligo!”  Terrified Mily was stiff again, only able to cry.  
The wizard stood up.  “You stay here and guard her.”  He instructed Jesse.
Then he quickly turned away and disappeared into the crowd.
Jesse did not know what to do.  A thousand different scenarios raced through his mind.  He wanted to call out for help, but that was not a good idea.  Who would believe him?  He looked down at Mily Breezy; she looked up at him in horror.  He could not bear to look at her again.  He decided not to look at her any more.  He could not take her anguished gaze, her fear, and her pain.
Jesse removed his hat, pulling his hair back over his forehead.
“Jesse?” Cindy was coming his way.  She was dressed in a short French waitress dress with a small black bow, ruffles and a small black necklace around her neck.  Jesse was mesmerized.
He quickly went out to meet Cindy hoping she wouldn’t find Mily Breezy.
He smiled as he approached her, making sure he placed his hat back on his head.  It looked good, he thought.  “Hi!” he said hoping not to sound too eager.
She leaned forward and kissed his cheek.  Jesse forgot everything.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Nothing…”
“Oh, good,” Cindy took his hand.  “Let’s go.”  She smiled and he followed.
They walked and talked just how Jesse imagined it.  It was perfect.  The music was perfect, and the evening was perfect, even the smell of the food was perfect. The festival was full of excitement and merriment.  Children ran around in their costumes, playing, while their parents enjoyed the cool night.  The music was enchanting, the lighting was intoxicating, and everything appeared magical.  Jesse wanted this moment to last forever.  He wanted to just forget about… Jesse remembered Mily Breezy.  He stopped and let go of Cindy, turned around unable see her from where he stood.  The fountain blocked his view.
“What’s wrong?” asked Cindy.
“I’ll be right back!”
Jesse took off running.  He rounded the fountain and found Mily still sitting in her chair motionless.  He sighed relieved.  Beifar was nowhere in sight.  Cindy caught up out of breath.
“Jesse, what happened?”
Jesse thought fast, “I thought I saw someone take this ladies’ purse.”  He pointed to Mily.  She sat silent and stiff in her pink nightgown and slippers.
“She seems all right to me.  Come on let’s go get something to eat.”
“You go ahead.  I’ll catch up.  I want to look around and make sure she’s ok.”
Cindy looked at Jesse kind of funny, agreed and walked away.
Jesse reluctantly remained behind guarding Mily.  He watched Cindy walk away toward the food section until she disappeared into the crowd.  Jesse couldn’t help but moan.  Reality returned and the few blissful minutes he enjoyed with Cindy were nothing but a memory.  Jesse went back to Mily’s table, pulled back a chair and sat down to wait for the wizard’s return.  There was nothing left for him to do but people watch and grumble.
The Halloween festival was a success but not for Jesse.  Bored, bothered and frustrated, Jesse closed his eyes and performed the Exercises.  He felt his fingers, arms, legs, head and torso.  He breathed deeply and slowly.  He was so focused that he even tuned out the music played by the band.
The horrific scream came from the food section.  Jesse nearly fell off his chair.  The band ceased playing and everyone froze in place for a second.  Jesse rose to his feet eager to learn what happened.  Mily rolled her eyes in that direction as people began to run toward the food court.  Jesse drew away leaving Mily behind.  He could hear bits and pieces of people’s comments as they passed.  He turned to a huge carrot and asked him what was happening.
“It’s Cindy from the Deli,” he answered, “she was found passed out behind the hot dog tent.”
Cindy!  As fast as Jesse could, he ran across the field toward the food section.  The wizard Beifar came from the other direction.  Jesse called out to him.
“He’s over here!” Beifar advised.  “I just saw him in the crowd.”
Jesse and Beifar only added to the confusion as they pushed people out of their way.  The wizard went one way, and Jesse another.  Jesse headed to where he saw the lights of an ambulance pull up.  He pushed even harder as he drew closer until he finally reached Cindy.  She was sitting up on the grass, trembling, breathing from an oxygen mask.  He moved forward to reach her.
“Hold up, son!”  A police officer pushed Jesse back into the crowd. 
“She’s with me!” 
“OK, hold up.”  The officer tried to calm him down. “She’ll be all right, just let her get a little bit of air.”
“What happened?”  The light from Jesse’s staff lit up the officer’s face and he was able to make out all his features.  He recognized him as Chief Fabiano’s driver.
“Seems she was just scared and passed out.  Witnesses say some guy dressed like a wizard played a dirty trick.”  Then he stopped and realized that Jesse was dressed as a wizard.  He gripped Jesse harder.  Jesse struggled to break free only wanting to be with Cindy.
The next scream was long and petrifying.  A chill ran up Jesse’s spine.  Everyone turned toward Edgerton Fountain.  The police officer released Jesse’s arm and ran in the direction of the scream.  Jesse followed.  Chaos filled the festival as people ran in different directions fleeing or running toward the scene.  Jesse feared the worst.  He left Mily Breezy alone. Was it Claw? He ran as fast as he could until he bumped into Rob, who came running from another direction.  Rob held Jesse to keep him from falling, and for a second they caught their breath.
“Were you running too?” asked Rob - - also dressed like a wizard.
Jesse stepped back for a moment.  The outfit was very much like the one he was wearing, and yet he did not remember ever selling Rob anything from Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  “Are you …”
“Yeah, a wizard; don’t I look cool?”  Rob spun around once so that Jesse could get a better look.
Someone came running and bumped into Jesse.  He looked around and saw the police officer gaining. 
“Gotta go.”  Jesse turned and kept running as fast as he could and left Rob behind, confused.  When Jesse reached the fountain there was a small group of people standing around.  Jesse pushed his way through.  The wizard Beifar was kneeling over Mily Breezy.  She was lying on the grass, her eyes wide open, frozen and stiff.  
“She’s dead -- scared to death!” Beifar advised Jesse.
The shock was interrupted by police officers pushing through the crowd.  Scared to death was the last thing he wanted to hear.  Here was another victim.  How long would it be before it would be his turn?
Beifar wasted no time.  He tapped his staff on the ground and,
FLASH!  
The wizard disappeared.
A lady yelled.  Everyone moved back, but not Jesse.  He stood over Mily Breezy overwhelmed with compassion for the stricken witch.  He wasn’t sure why, maybe because they shared the same terrifying experience, except Jesse survived his nightmares.  He bent down, closed her eyes and then walked away.



Chapter 15
Sunday

Jesse Alexander couldn’t sleep that night.  He couldn’t. Too much had taken place, another death, Cindy got hurt and the fear of having to experience another near death nightmare kept him wide-awake.  He lay on his bed as the hours slowly ticked away; sirens traveled up and down the street outside his small room.  The small town of Mount Dora was turned upside down.  Jesse’s life was also been turned upside down, in and out.  He felt like he was going to get sick.  Jesse sat on the edge of the bed and retraced all the events over and over in his mind.  He was getting good at it.  He had done it so many times already.  Each day was something new, correction - - bizarre.  Each day was changing him.  Jesse didn’t think he would ever be the same again.  
The morning finally broke through the blinds.  Jesse could make out the costume he wore to the Halloween festival.  The wizard hat and cloak were still on his night table.  The small light on the tip of his staff was still lit.  He remembered Mily claiming that Claw was dressed in the same outfit. What if others witnessed the same thing and told the police? He would be a prime suspect. Jesse felt his stomach turn as he tried to convince himself that there were others dressed exactly the same.  He sold a bunch of wizard hats and robes. The festival was full of wizards. The police couldn’t suspect all of the wizards at the festival.  
His cell phone rang.  Jesse jumped out of his bed and fumbled through the room searching for it.  He finally found it tucked deep in the inside pocket of his cloak but by then it stopped ringing.  He pulled it out and dialed into the voice mail.
“You have one new message…”
It was from Beifar.
“Jesse, meet me for breakfast when you wake up.”
Jesse hung up, and sat back on the bed.  He leaned over and ran his fingers through his hair, pulling it back away from his face.  When will this end?  That’s when he remembered it was Halloween.  It was Sunday, Halloween, and the last day of the month.  
“Good or bad it all comes to an end today.”  He told himself.  “It’s the last day of the sixth month.  Mr. Claw will strike today.”
Downtown Mount Dora was unusually quiet.  Jesse drove his motorbike slowly into the city and as he passed Donnelly Park he saw the area around the fountain was roped off and local news trucks parked along the side.  Jesse could see reporters reporting about the murder, live, for the morning news.  He turned into one of the small streets and passed in front of the Deli.  He parked in front, got off his bike, looked inside through the glass door, and found it empty.  It was still closed. 
Jesse was hoping to find Cindy feeling well enough to be working today.  He wanted to see her, hold her, and apologize for everything. 
Disappointed, Jesse jumped back on his bike, and slowly rode away toward Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  He parked the bike in the back, before he went to meet the wizard for breakfast.  Beifar was at the same table sipping his morning coffee.  His hat and staff were both on an empty chair next to him.  Jesse plopped himself on the other chair directly across from the wizard.  The waitress was already approaching the table with his breakfast and milk.
“It was my fault.”  Jesse’s voice trembled as he spoke.  “If I hadn’t run off to check on Cindy….”
“Don’t blame yourself, Jesse.” The wizard said compassionately.  “Raven is very smart, as well as mad.  He followed you, watched you, identified a vulnerable opportunity, and used it to draw you away.”  Beifar sipped his coffee.  “I would have done the same thing,”
“But she’s dead!”
The waitress turned and faced them as she hurried with her duties.  “It was awful!” she commented.  “What is this world coming too?”  
“Yes,” the wizard was looking straight ahead, “she’s dead.”
Jesse pushed his plate away and they both sat in silence.
“What are you going to do now?” Jesse asked.  “It’s Halloween tonight.”
“I’ve run out of time.  Whatever Claw is going to do, it will be tonight, and I don’t even have a clue.”  He sipped at his coffee.  “I’m right back where I started from - - here with you.”
Jesse looked away.  
“I don’t even know what he looks like, no one does.  Mily was my last hope.”
“I don’t think this is the time to get down on yourself?” suggested Jesse,  “Yeah, we blew it, but if we don’t do something…”
FLASH!
The waitress turned around startled.  An older man in a long, brown coat that hung down to his ankles, wearing an old, brown, gangster hat, was standing with Jesse and Beifar.  She made nothing of it and continued working.
The flash also startled Jesse. Beifar reacted by grabbing his staff.  The older man stood before them with wand in hand.  
“Good morning,” he addressed them both as he removed his hat.
The wizard slowly stood.
“Good morning, Chief,” responded Beifar.  “Jesse Alexander, I would like to introduce you to the Department Chief, Bastian Semisecret.”
Jesse reached out and shook his hand.
“Agent Mahgo, we need to talk.”  Chief Semisecret said.  “Yesterday, I was visited by Lord Alex,” Beifar raised an eyebrow.  “He claimed you broke his…nose.” The chief scratched his head.  “Is that true?”
“Well, sir, not exactly, I didn’t break his nose…”
“And . . .” interrupted the chief,  “we have a number of reports from the FBI in reference to a series of unexplainable events, occurring in the same vicinity of Lord Alex’s company, involving two wizards dueling.”  The chief stopped, and stared at the wizard.  “You were ordered not to get near him, agent Mahgo. Lord Alex is a very rich and powerful wizard.  He has friends in high places, and word is out that he is a shoe-in for the open, ambassador’s position.  He wants your butt, agent, and this time he might just get it!”
“Sir, I can explain.  I was following a lead to Raven Fidgewidge…”
“Get your hat, agent.” Chief Semisecret commanded.
The wizard leaned over and grabbed his large, grey pointy hat and placed it back on his head.  Then he reached into his pocket and pulled out some money and placed it on the table.  “Go back to the store and wait for me there, the Emunio Concutio will protect you.”
“But we’re running out of time.”
“I know.  Go back to the store and don’t take any chances.  I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
Chief Semisecret pulled out his wand, put on his hat, and tapped it once as the wizard Beifar tapped his staff on the pavement. 
FLASH!
They were both gone.
The waitress poked her head from behind the counter.  She only saw Jesse sitting at the table, shrugged and returned to work.
Jesse arrived at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store shortly after the wizard gone.  He never finished his breakfast nor cared to.  The events of the last few days were taking their toll.  Jesse was exhausted.  He hadn’t slept an entire night since his first nightmare, not to mention all the other things that were keeping him awake as well.  Jesse opened the front door.  The bell sounded bringing Jesse back to reality.  He turned the sign over to read OPEN and then pulled up all the blinds. The outside light filled the store adding more color and warmth.  Jesse didn’t notice, not today.  His mind was still somewhere between dazed and asleep.  Jesse stood for a moment facing the large crystal ball.  It stood silent in the middle of the store.  He wondered if he could contact the people inside and…and…do what?  Ask them if they knew where Raven Fidgewidge could be found?  He shook the idea out of his head.  Not every wizard is a good wizard, he thought; better not to be known by the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers. Better not to be known by more witches at all, or is it Wizardry?  That’s how Beifar referred to them.  Jesse shrugged.  He then went around the front counter and turned on his laptop.  As he waited for it to boot up, he sat on his chair and looked around the store.  He let his arms hang down from the side of the chair as he sighed with no desire to work.  After all it was Sunday, and it was usually slow on Sundays.  On previous Sundays he would take extended lunch breaks, walk over to the Deli, and have nice long conversations with Cindy, but he didn’t see that happening today.  The screen came up with the usual icons.  Jesse clicked on the icon with a witch hat and wand causing the store program to appear.  There were no orders.
A loud bang on the door caused Jesse to jump in his seat.  He looked out the window and saw no one standing on the porch.  He slowly got out of his chair and made his way to investigate.  He took hold of the doorknob with one hand, the bell sounded as he pulled the door open.  On the porch, just inches from the door, was the morning paper.
Jesse let out a sigh of relief.
Once inside and back at the front desk, Jesse opened the paper and read the front page.
The headline read:
MURDER AT MOUNT DORA HALLOWEEN FESTIVAL!
Woman found DEAD. 
SCARED TO DEATH!
Witnesses said that a man dressed in a wizard outfit was seen speaking with the victim just minutes before she dropped to the ground. It’s been determined that the unnamed victim suffered a fatal heart attack caused from extreme fear.

Jesse stopped reading and folded the paper, stuffing it in the empty trash bin under the counter.
“BEEP”
An order appeared and Jesse began to work, hoping to forget the event all together.
It turned out to be a rather busy Sunday.  Since it was Halloween, there were still many customers who were coming in at the last minute hoping to find an item or two to complete their costumes.  Jesse was thankful for the chaos of the day; it kept his mind clear and away from the last few days.
Jesse worked right through lunch and never even stopped to take a break.  By the end of the day most the merchandise was gone, all that remained were his high-end items, a few Stealth brooms and expensive wands.  A few hats hung on the walls, and the very costly robes were still on the rack.  Jesse ran his fingers through his hair with one hand as he glanced at his watch on the other.  It was time to close up shop - - the end of a very busy day.  The sun would soon set and soon trick-or-treaters would be flooding the streets.
The bell rang as the front door slowly opened.
Jesse was standing next to the crystal ball, when he heard the familiar sound.  He quickly turned, "I’m sorry, but the store is closed.”
Chief Fabiano was closing the door behind him.
Jesse glanced out the window and was able to see the dark car parked across the street with the same driver sitting inside behind the wheel.  “Hi, chief, can I help you?”
“I hope so,” responded the chief. He slowly walked across the room and stood on the other side of the crystal ball.  “I’d like to ask you a few questions.”  He placed his hands on the crystal ball and slightly leaned on it.
Jesse noticed the swirling mist violently forming inside the crystal orb.  “Chief, if you don’t mind, I just finished cleaning that.”  He pointed to the crystal ball.
The chief quickly removed his hand, and the swirling immediately stopped.  “Jesse, I assume you read the paper this morning.”
Jesse nodded affirmatively.
“Good, so you are aware of the murder last night?”
Jesse nodded again.
“The victim was murdered - - scared to death.”
“What does that have to do with me?”
“I’m not certain, but I find it unusual that you were the first to contact the police when you found the homeless man dead across the street; you were seen at the Halloween festival wearing the same costume that witnesses claim the murderer was wearing; and . . . this old house,” he looked around the store, “was involved in the Lefkoff murders and it seems to be involved again.”
“I don’t understand.  What does Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store have to do with any of this?  What do I have to do with any of this?  Chief, why are you here?”
The chief pulled out some papers from his police jacket.  He adjusted his glasses and unfolded the papers.  Slowly he turned the pages until he found what he was looking for.
“How is it that someone right out of high school can own a business?  There isn’t even a co-signer.”  The chief looked up at Jesse through the top of his glasses.  “Can you explain that?
Jesse felt as if he was being wrongly accused of stealing, but this was more than stealing, much more, he was being accused of murder.  A huge lump formed in his throat.  
“You were seen running around the park last night.  You were seen acting strange right after Cindy’s accident, and then you were seen leaning over the dead woman’s body.”  The chief’s voice was slow and deliberate.  “You were seen almost every day this week having breakfast with a strange man dressed as a wizard.”   He moved closer to Jesse.  “Jesse, you’re in big trouble.”
Jesse did not answer and stepped away from the chief.
“I don’t like this magic stuff,” Continued the chief with a stern voice.   “You know, old man Lefkoff claimed he was not responsible for the murders.  He claimed that he was under some kind of spell, that the house was haunted, and that he was being framed by an evil wizard.”
Jesse was shocked by the new information.  He wanted to ask more questions, but he didn’t dare.
“I suggest you don’t leave town tonight, Mr..”  He tucked the papers back into his jacket, and turned away.  “Have a good night.”  The bell rang as he closed the door behind him.
Jesse followed and watched Chief Fabiano get into the dark car and drive away.  He turned and slowly walked around the store.  He replayed in his mind what the chief said about Ira Lefkoff.   
Framed?
But how?  
Jesse looked around the store, up the steps and up at the office door.  Maybe all the answers are behind the door, he thought.  He ran his fingers through his hair again to pull it back off his face as he paced around nervously.  Outside the street lights were turning on, it was now dusk.  He hadn’t heard from Beifar all day.  His mind was cluttered with voices and images. Time was running out.  Was I being framed, he thought?  He turned back to the office door. 
“I need to get inside.”
Jesse quickly went over to the front desk, opened the top drawer and pulled out the letter opener.  He held it out before him like a sword ready to slay a menacing dragon.  Jesse was filled with an overwhelming surge of bravery and adventure like none he ever felt before. He rolled around the counter, ran through the store and up the steps, pausing just in front of the closed office door.  It wasn’t intimidating or menacing; it was just another ordinary door.  Jesse knocked.  No answer.  He tried to open the door but it was locked.  Jesse took a deep breath and began to go at the lock with the letter opener.  Minutes passed, but to Jesse it seemed like hours.  His hands sweated as he worked the lock. He had no idea what he was doing, but that didn’t stop him.  Jesse was determined to get inside.  He tried every position and angle he thought would get the lock to give.  Impatience gave way to frustration and Jesse began to push at the door with his shoulder and then his body.  Then in one last attempt, he leaned back and kicked the door hard with all his might causing it to bang against the inside wall as it swung open.
The door bounced off the wall before slamming shut again, but it was now unlocked.  Jesse slowly and cautiously walked inside.  It was dark; too dark to make anything out.  He unsuccessfully felt the wall for the light switch.  When his eyes finally adjusted to the darkness, he noticed the reflection of the streetlight outside on the light bulb hanging from the ceiling in the center of the room.  Jesse stretched out his arms and felt his way to it, stumbling over items.  He felt around the light for a string or chain, gripping something, he pulled.   Jesse was able to see.
Jesse thoroughly inspected Mr. Claw’s office.  There was a small desk on one side of the room with a small computer and stacks of papers.  On the other end was a large wooden table with empty bottles in a variety of sizes, shapes and colors. Small boxes containing leaves, herbs and tiny animal parts were left opened, some of their contents scattered everywhere.  On the floor, in front of the table was a large empty cauldron.  However, what Jesse found to be the most disturbing was that the office was full of images, drawings, maps, books, guides to the different parks, newspaper clippings, architecture designs, structural plans and a lot of other information about Disney World.  Jesse studied some of the information pinned to walls, or hanging from the ceiling.  The one place that stood out was Cinderella’s Castle.  And, it was the only place in all the parks for which he saw a series of detailed design drawings.  These drawings revealed everything anyone might want to know about the ins and outs of the castle.
Top five vacation spots in the world. Jesse was trying to remember the results of the search.  Paris number one and Disney World number two ... Cinderella’s Castle.
Jesse then heard the bell viciously ring as the front door opened. He forgot to lock the front door.  Quickly, he reached up and turned off the light.
“UPS”
Jesse recognized the voice.  He turned the light back on.  “I’m up here!  I’ll be right down!”
Jesse heard the UPS man coming up the steps. Before he knew it, the UPS man was standing at the doorway with his pad and pen in hand.
“Whoa, Whoa, Whoa!” he exclaimed.  “Looks like you’re a little Disney fan …and in a weird sort of way.” He was now standing in the center of the room looking around.  “Aren’t we all?”  He turned and gave Jesse a sneaky smile.
Then the UPS man reached into his UPS coat pocket and withdrew a wand.  He waved it once at the door causing it to slam shut.
Jesse spun around shocked.  He heard the lock click as it turned and trapped them both inside. Confused, he faced the UPS man.  His eyes wide as his mind raced with different scenarios.  The UPS man was a wizard? 
 “Hi, Jesse, I’m Mr. Claw.”  He was tall and slender with a long face and tiny eyes.  His extremely white, large teeth almost took up his entire face as he smiled.  
Jesse froze.  His heart pounded, his knees felt weak, his head spun.
“Are you surprised?” Claw leaned closer, “BOO!”
Jesse heard a knock on the door.  He was busy taking orders.  The store was closed, blinds were pulled down, and the sign on the door read CLOSED.  There was another knock. Jesse reluctantly stepped away from the desk, and went to the door.  He didn’t want to, he tried fighting the urge, but he was already standing at the front door. Taking hold of the handle with one hand, he unlocked the door with the other.  The bell swung and rang as he turned the knob.  Slowly he opened the door.  It was dark outside.  A strange figure stood in the darkness.  Jesse turned the porch lights on.  A thin man in prison clothes grinned back at Jesse.  This time it wasn’t the same old man he encountered in his nightmares.  Jesse froze.  This time it was Mr. Claw.  Jesse tried to run, but he couldn’t even move.  Claw moved forward opening his mouth.  His lips spread apart and his tongue dropped with his jaw.  Jesse felt a rush of warm, stale breath on his face as the mouth grew and grew, until Jesse lost himself inside of it.  He felt everything tighten up. He felt his body being squeezed; his heart pound against his chest, and his head swallowed up.   
Jesse panicked!  He yelled repeatedly!  But he couldn’t wake up.
The pressure increased. Jesse felt pressed in from all directions, his lungs felt compressed, his head and chest ached, and his muscles tore.  He tried breathing, but there was no air. He lashed out at nothing in self-defense.  I’m going to die, he thought.
BANG!
Jesse woke up, his body quickly returned to normal.  He found himself on the floor next to a large wooden trunk.  
Claw quickly turned to him. “A protective spell!” he shouted angrily.  Then he quickly gained his composure, “No problem, I’ll just tie you up . . . ” Claw waved his wand and Jesse couldn’t move, “ . . . and in the morning the authorities will find you and blame you for everything, just as I planned.”
***

Chief Semisecret sat at his desk.  His office was small and tight.  Shelves displayed a few trophies, and brightly colored frames with pictures of his family; seemingly random books were scattered in no particular order.  Diplomas and certificates were hung on one wall.  The Chief took a file in his hand and threw it across his desk at Beifar.
“That’s a lawsuit against you, me, and the entire Department.  Lord Alex wants you fired, and I don’t blame him.  Just what do you think you were doing going after him?”  The shouting could be heard outside his office.  Other special agent wizards and witches peeked from behind their cubicles as they tried to listen.
Beifar didn’t reach out for the folder.  He shifted around in his chair, trying to find a comfortable position.  His staff leaned against the shut door, and his hat hung from the coat rack.  “Chief, this man is dangerous.”
“No, you are dangerous!”
“Chief, I have proof that he has been dealing in…”
“You’re off the case!”  Chief Semisecret took the file back and dropped it on top of a huge pile of papers and folders.  “You’re not to take another step into Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store or have anything to do with Raven Fidgewidge.”
“But I’m very close!”
Chief Semisecret grabbed another folder and handed it to Beifar.  “Here, take a look inside, it’s your court date for the review.  Lord Alex is pressing charges.”
Beifar opened the folder and read the notice.  He shook his head in disbelief.
The chief leaned back in his chair rubbing his face.  “Mahgo, I can’t protect you from this guy any longer.  He’s after you.  Be smart; go home to your wife and kids and take a couple of weeks off.  I’ve got a couple of guys from the Bureau stepping in on this case.  Stay out of it and lay low.”
The wizard didn’t respond.  He rose from his chair and stretched out his hand.  Chief Semisecret stared up at Beifar before finally shaking his hand as he simultaneously shook his head impatiently.  After a firm handshake, the wizard turned, grabbed his hat and staff, and left the office.  Everyone at the office watched as he marched out without saying a word.
The wizard Beifar exited the Alexander Hamilton US Custom House in New York City.  The Department headquarters was secretly located inside.  The beautifully lit skyscrapers against the night sky were always spectacular, but not tonight.  Not for Beifar.  His thoughts were far from New York.  They kept alternating between, Claw, Lord Alex and being suspended from the case.  Beifar wasn’t just going to sit back and take it.  He wasn’t the type to lay low and was definitely not going to let Lord Alex or Claw beat him so easily.
Beifar reached into his pant pocket and pulled out his cell phone.  No calls.  He searched for Jesse’s number on his cell phone and dialed.  No answer.  The wizard dialed the store directly. No answer, only the store answering machine.

***

“I’m being framed?”
“Yyyyyeeeeessssss, you are.”  The mad wizard opened the trunk next to Jesse and clasped his hands as he brought them up to his face.  “Aren’t they to die for?  I would like to thank Lord Alex for supplying these tubes that are allowing me to fulfill my dream.”
Jesse looked to the side.  The trunk was full of large test tubes.  They were all filled with a green glowing substance that filled the room with its hue.
“Dragon breath,” commented Claw, “ - - deadly stuff.  If mixed one way it causes death on the spot but if mixed another it causes death from fright.  It all depends on the mixture and how I recite the spell.  I got it all worked out.”  Claw broke out in a frightful laugh.
“What are you framing me for?” shouted Jesse.
“Aren’t you dying to know?”  Claw laughed.  “OK, I’ll tell you. I’m going to scare everyone to death at Disney World. You know, where dreams really do come truuuuueeee.”  He laughed again.  “It’s the perfect evil deed.”
“But, why me?”
Claw stood over Jesse and then leaned down to face him.  “Someone has to take the blame.  You applied for the job.”  Claw straightened up and Jesse overheard him muttering under his breath.  “I have a bigger plan, a richer plan.  I’m moving on to the big time.  This will guarantee me an interview for sure.”
“An interview? With the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers?” Jesse thought out loud.  Claw looked down at him very surprised.  “You’ve been gazing into my crystal ball, haven’t you?”  He returned to the trunk and took a large, leather bag from the table near to them, and began placing the glass tubes into the bag.  Each container went into an individual pocket.  “Or, should I say Lord Bane’s crystal ball.  Poor Lord Bane,” he turned back to Jesse, “he died from a heart attack, scared to death!”  He laughed again.  “Yes, I killed him!  I needed to test my potion and create room for me in the Society. I’ve been working on this potion for years.  Poor old Lefkoff, he got blamed for my first batch.  Oh, well, I did him a favor and tested it out on him later.” 
“And what about the pizza delivery guy, and the homeless man, and that poor grandmother?” asked Jesse.  “What about me?”
“Oh,” Claw pretended to be sad, “you were an unfortunate side effect.  The curse wasn’t intended for you. I’m sorry. I don’t know why that happened, I suspect it was just a bad batch or mixture, but the good news is that I resolved the problem.  The potion now has a safety profile comparable to a placebo.”  He laughed.  “The latest study, Mily Breezy, died last night and no one else died in the park. The curse can now be isolated. It’s perfect. I can now target just one victim or many.  No more ‘oops’ that wasn’t supposed to happen.”  Claw giggled. 
Claw continued to stuff the bag.  
“But the crystal ball… they all heard a voice telling them that the crystal ball was going to set them free.”
“Naaaaahhhh” Claw zippered the bag shut and walked over to the larger table, taking the drawings on Cinderella’s Castle and stuffing them in his coat pocket.  “I can also use it for mind control, but it’s not as dramatic.”
“It’s mine you know.”  Jesse said, thinking fast.  He wanted to keep Claw from leaving.  He desperately hoped that Beifar was on his way, or that maybe Chief Fabiano was still outside secretly spying on the store and was about to burst in and save the day, as often happened in the movies.   “The crystal ball, I mean, it’s mine.”  Jesse continued.  “I own this store and everything in it.  That must’ve been your doing. So, legally, the crystal ball is mine.”
“Oh, yes, it was my doing but . . .” Claw chuckled, “in the Wizardry world, the owner of a magical item needs to be dead before the magical item officially belongs to another, and I’m not dead yet.  You would have known that if you were a wizard.  I’ll be taking it with me.  I need it for my . . . my extravaganza.”   
Claw paused and studied the room, checking to make sure he was taking everything he needed.   
“I’d love to stay and chat,” he finally said as Jesse watched, “but I really need to fly.”  Claw waved his wand and a Stealth broom from downstairs flew into the room.   He caught it and then faced the large windows on the far end of the room that opened like two glass doors. He waved his wand and the windows swung open. A soft breeze brushed against the newspaper clippings blowing some onto the floor.  		
Claw swung the long strap of the leather bag over his head where it came to rest on his left shoulder and continued diagonal across his chest, and he straddled the broom.  “I’m afraid that if I just materialize into the castle, I’ll cause an unfortunate reaction with the potion - - an explosion that might take me with it.  I haven’t tested it to see if it can withstand being materialized.”
 “Wait! One more thing - - how did you get in the store without setting off the security system?”  Jesse asked quickly.
Claw threw his head back and laughed.  “Boy, you really don’t know anything.  It was easy.  I set the original spell and excluded myself from the effect.  Simple.”
He saluted Jesse, leaned forward, kicked his feet up, and flew out the window.  Jesse watched him turn to the right and disappear.  He just witnessed someone fly on a broom for the first time.  He was overcome with excitement and despair at the same time.

***

The wizard heard a dial tone.  It rang at least eight times before the answering machine came on.  “Thank you for calling Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.”  It was Jesse’s voice on the recorder.  “We can’t come to the phone right now, so please leave your name and number and we will return your call as soon as possible.  Our store hours are 9 am till 5 pm, Monday through Sunday.  And if you happen to be visiting Downtown Mount Dora, you're invited to please come and visit…”
The wizard hung up.  “That was an invitation!”
FLASH!

***

Jesse heard the front door bell ring enthusiastically.  It was the first time he was glad to hear the bell announce that someone entered the store.  
“Jesse!” 
Jesse recognized Beifar’s voice instantly.
“Up here!”
The wizard bound up the steps.  He reached the office and stopped short when he saw Jesse on the floor.
“I’m all right.  Claw placed some kind of rope spell on me!”
Beifar waved his hand, and Jesse felt free.  He jumped to his feet, and quickly approached the wizard.
“He’s going to scare everyone to death at Disney World!  He plans to use a potion or spell from Cinderella’s Castle!”
“What potion?”
“Dragon something,” answered Jesse.  “I don’t remember. He’s trying to get an interview with the Society of Seven Sorcerers.”  Jesse was talking fast and nervously.
“Calm down, Jesse.”
“Calm down!” he shouted. “It’s Halloween night at Disney World.  Very Scary Halloween!  Thousands of people are going to die!”
The wizard reviewed the room, glancing at all the Disney World material pasted on the walls and hanging from the ceiling.  “How long ago did he leave?”
“He flew out of here just now.”
“Flew?”
“Yeah, he was afraid that if he materialized into the castle, he might cause an explosion and kill himself.”
The wizard thought for a moment and waved his hand toward the door.  Two Stealth brooms flew in seconds later.  He caught one, as the other knocked Jesse over.  “If we hurry, we might be able to catch him.”
“Wait a minute, wait a minute, I can’t fly a broom.  Why don’t we just materialize at Disney World?”
“You can’t,” answered the wizard. “You haven’t been trained.  You might reappear inside a wall or without a body part, and we’ll never be able to find it.”
Jesse cringed.  The thought of ending up all over town was not appealing. “That doesn’t mean that I can fly on a broom. I’m not a wizard.”
“The brooms are enchanted, Jesse. As long as you believe, they obey.”
“Are you sure?”
“You have to come, Jesse, you’re the only one who can recognize Claw.”
Jesse stood pensive for a moment holding the broom.  He looked at it and then back at Beifar.  “I’ll be right back.”  He ran downstairs to the front counter and grabbed his helmet, then back through the store, but something was very wrong.  He was standing exactly where the crystal ball once stood.  It was gone.  He quickly looked around the room, and it was nowhere to be found.  			
“It’s gone!” he shouted up to the wizard.  “The crystal ball is gone!”
Jesse ran back up to the office to find Beifar mounted on his broom hovering a few feet off the floor. “The crystal ball has disappeared!” he exclaimed.
“We can’t worry about that now.  We need to hurry.”
“What do I do?” Jesse asked as he put on his helmet. 
“First, focus on your energy.”
“Check.”  Jesse felt his hands, arms, legs, head, and the entire body.
“Don’t lose focus of your energy.”
“Check.”
“Now mount your broom.”
Jesse mounted the broom and gripped it tightly.  “Check.”
“Now, picture where we’re going, and keep that fixed in your mind.”
“Easy, I’ve been there many times.”
“Good, now kick your feet up, lean forward and let go.”
The wizard was out the window.
Jesse swallowed hard.  The moment of truth arrived.  He breathed in deeply.  The next step was huge and would propel him across a line of no return.  He just witnessed a wizard – no, a man, fly away on a broom.  A man on a broom!  Was this for real?  In the last few days Jesse experienced more magic than probably any Folk ever encountered in the entire world, so he thought.  And now, here he was with a broom between his legs ready to…fly?  Jesse breathed deeply again.  His heart raced, every cell pulsated, and every nerve tingled.  There was more energy and excitement rushing through his body than if he jammed his finger into an electrical outlet.  Jesse needed to make up his mind now.  Oh my God, Oh my God!  OH MY GOD!  Jesse felt his grip tighten. This was the craziest thing he was ever going to attempt, but after all he experienced, with Claw and now Beifar flying out the window on broom, maybe it wasn’t so crazy.  Maybe, all the proof he needed was right before him.  Who can I ask?  Who can I call?  What do I do?  Just do it…just do it!   JUST DO IT!  His mind screamed.  Jesse focused, leaned forward, kicked his feet up behind him, and soared.

***

Jesse gave a victorious cry as he turned to the right close behind the wizard, down the street and up over the buildings.  
“Hurry!” shouted the wizard back to Jesse.  “We have no time to lose!”  Beifar held on to his staff with one hand, and with the other the tip of the broom.  He leaned as low as he could and shot off ahead.  
Jesse looked down and saw Donnelly Park underneath him.  He then stretched forward, gripped the tip of the broom tightly, and the broom zoomed after the wizard.
It was a cool evening so it wasn’t long before Jesse’s hands began to grow cold.  He tried not to think about it, but it was difficult.  Jesse was flying along side Beifar until he couldn’t take the chill any longer. He sat up slightly, slowed down and then pulled up behind him, leaving the wizard to fly in front to break the bitter wind.  Jesse used this little trick many times before behind large trucks to protect him from the cold when traveling on his motorcycle. The wizard’s cloak flapped in the wind but his large, grey, hat never moved from its position on his head.  Jesse glanced down to see Mount Dora disappear behind him.  At first they were following the highway, headed west, but then they turned away and crossed over open country.  The city lights ahead served as a beacon. Jesse could not believe that he was actually flying.  It was like driving a motorcycle, he thought.  He leaned to the left and the broom followed, then he leaned to the right, instantly the broom obeyed the command.  He pulled up, soared a few feet over the wizard, and then pushed the broom down slightly, and it complied.  Jesse was overjoyed.  He knew that it wasn’t the moment or the best situation to feel the way he felt, but he couldn’t help it.  He was flying!  The permanent grin on his face said it all.  
Down below traffic grew heavier, highways merged and streets became more common.  Soon, the buildings became larger and tall hotels loomed closer.  The wizard pulled up on his broom and climbed higher. Jesse imitated and followed close behind as they zipped above buildings to avoid being detected.  The wizard leaned to the right, and headed towards bright searchlights that bounced off low clouds pointing the way to a huge amusement park.  
Jesse leaned slightly lower and pulled up beside him.  “That’s not Disney World!” he informed Beifar. 
“You know how to get there from here?” shouted the wizard over the rush of the wind.
Jesse nodded.
“Then you take the lead, and I’ll follow!”
This was exactly what Jesse was waiting to hear.  He nodded affirmatively and returned thumbs up with his free hand.  Jesse gripped the broom handle tightly, leaned as low as possible, and took off.  The wizard found himself lagging behind.  He tucked his staff under his arm, gripped the handle hard, and shot off after Jesse.  Together they flew over the amusement park, Jesse in the lead and Beifar close behind.  
Jesse couldn’t control the excitement he felt.  He pushed down on the broom lowering it closer to the park.  Then he whipped around a huge roller coaster ride, zooming in and out and around, and then headed up and over the park.  The wizard followed.  Jesse heard Beifar release a victory yell, and smiled.  
Down below, a small crowd saw them fly over and shouted excitedly. The passengers on the roller coaster ride weren’t sure what they saw, but yelled anyway.
Jesse saw the bright lights from Disney World a little further in the distance.  In no time he was flying over Downtown Disney and around the various hotels that occupied the Lake Buena Vista Village.  To his left he could see the huge Epcot Center Ball.  He turned to his right toward the Magic Kingdom and Cinderella’s Castle.  That’s when he spotted something else flying before them.  He glanced over his right shoulder to Beifar, who was already aware.  They both stretched out on their brooms to gain more speed, the wind whistled louder in their ears, as they went faster.
Claw looked over his shoulder only to discover that he was being followed.  He stretched out on his broom, pushed down and leaned to his left.  
Down below, a monorail train full of passengers traveled from Epcot to the Magic Kingdom.  A small boy gazed out the window straining to catch the first glimpse of Cinderella’s castle.  Claw swooshed down across his window and under the train.  The boy jumped back, shocked, and immediately sought his father’s attention by tugging at his arm.  He pointed out the window, and his father glanced out reluctantly, humoring the boy.  He was tired and weary-eyed after a long day at the park.  Jesse flew by in pursuit of Claw.  The father jumped back astonished.  Several of the passengers started to comment about the flying object while others screamed in fear.  Jesse only heard the screams.  The wizard was right behind Jesse; he dipped past the window and rolled under the train, coming up on the other side.  The moving train rocked as everyone shifted from one side to the other hoping to get a better view.  Claw pulled up ahead of the train, just a few feet above the tracks.  The startled driver leaned forward wide-eyed and taken aback.  Jesse dropped down followed by the wizard, his robe flapping ferociously in the wind.  Not far ahead loomed the Magic Kingdom.
Beifar carefully inched his staff forward, and when he finally acquired aim, a burst shot out from the tip that whizzed by Jesse, just missing Claw.
Jesse reacted by leaning to his left, as Claw made a quick turn to the right, the wizard followed.  Jesse sat up and stopped, the rushing train passed, almost knocking him off his broom. He glanced back to spot Claw and the wizard flying straight toward the Contemporary Hotel.   
The massive monorail entrance to the Contemporary Hotel opened in the center of the hotel resort, the tracks ran right through the building.  Huge, impressive, mosaic walls decorated the inside of the hotel.  Guests marveled at the detailed artwork as they waited to catch the monorail.  Claw followed the tracks right into the hotel. Beifar followed.   The surprised guests yelled, gasped, and most scattered, but some thought it was part of an elaborate, special Halloween show being put on by the Magic Kingdom and just stood enjoying it in awe and wonder.    Claw leaned hard to his right as he passed the station, and made a complete circle around.  Some of the guests jumped the rails for a better view.  Claw glanced back only to discover the wizard just a few feet behind.  He headed towards the other end and flew out the building with the wizard in pursuit.  Jesse flew in just in time to see them both leave the building.  He rushed by the people as they all watched and applauded in disbelief.
The wizard followed Claw as he maneuvered and rolled around the train rail towards the Magic Kingdom.  Claw flew low and under the monorail station’s roof as passengers departed a train that pulled up.  The passengers shrieked, ducked and scurried out of the way just in time as the chase continued.  Yahoos, yelps, shouts and applause were heard from the passengers, as Claw flew out and over the lake, leaving him exposed to the wizard.  Beifar took another shot, the blast streaked across the top of the lake, just missing Claw.  He turned hard to the left as the blast continued ahead, lighting the dark waters below, disappearing into the night.  The wizard turned around and continued the chase.
Claw headed straight towards the main entrance. Everyone watched in amazement as he came over the water, through the main gate, pulled up and flew over the old train station, with Beifar just a few feet behind him.  Claw dropped lower, just a little above the unsuspecting crowds of people there for the Halloween parade.  The Headless Horseman rode past the crowd as the music blared through multiple hidden speakers.  Claw swooshed low onto Main Street, USA.  The crowd cheered, thinking he was part of the parade. Claw circled around the small park at the beginning of Main Street, and then headed down towards Cinderella’s Castle.  The wizard Beifar was right behind him.  The Halloween parade floats were starting to come out of the side alley doors.  The driver of the first float stopped in complete surprise as he witnessed the flying broom chase.  He grabbed his hand phone and called for security.  The parade was instantly forced to stop.  Claw guided his broom straight towards the castle.  It stood tall in the dark night, painted in haunting purple lights.  The Headless Horseman rode directly ahead in Claw’s path with its giant pumpkin head held out high for everyone to see.  Claw quickly came up from behind, and whooshed on by.  The people jeered.    The horse stopped and reared up on its hind legs causing the rider to drop the pumpkin head and hold on so as not to fall. Pieces of broken pumpkin littered the floor.  Claw didn’t bother to look back.  He flew right over the small park and the ramp that led into the castle. He pointed the broom straight through the entrance. The mosaic murals were but a blur of color, as he quickly came out the other end, causing everyone to duck out of his way.  Again, shrieks of excitement and applause could be heard from the crowd.  The wizard never let up for one moment and stayed close behind Claw, almost running into King Arthur’s sword stuck in the stone just past the exit.  Claw shot out of the castle like a rocket with his adversary right behind him. The parade music played in the background as everyone darted for protection.  
Jesse was far behind. He flew over the main entrance to the Magic Kingdom only to find everything in disarray.  All the trains were ordered to stop and the park was under security lockdown.  He flew over the old train station and found chaos on Main Street as everyone still commented and pointed toward the castle.  Jesse leaned low on his broom and headed down Main Street U.S.A towards Cinderella’s Castle.  
Beifar chased his foe around Cinderella’s Golden Carousel ride and stayed on him as he took a sharp left down a smaller street, past the Peter Pan ride and the It’s a Small World ride.  Claw flew low and, at times, just a few feet above the ground hoping to thwart his seeker through Liberty Square.  The confused people screamed, diving out of his path as he made his way through the crowd knocking over anyone not quick enough to flee.  Beifar kept his broom just above the people but, as Claw approached another passage into Adventure Land, he was forced to follow at the same level, slowing down to avoid the populace and allowing Claw to gain distance.  Raven Claw zoomed up, past and over the Pirates of the Caribbean ride and turned right toward Big Thunder Mountain Railroad.  
Jesse flew into Fantasy Land around the opposite side of the castle.  He slowed down not knowing which direction the others advanced.  Instead of heading for Big Thunder Mountain, he turned right and flew towards Tomorrow Land.
Big Thunder Mountain Railroad was lit up and towered above all the other buildings.  Its rocky-finger pillars stretched upward while runaway mining cars rumbled below as they darted in and out of dark caves loaded with exhilarated passengers.  Claw approached the mountain and raced in and around its pillars, attempting to lose Beifar. They both flew inches from the rough surfaces. Below, passengers waiting in the long line watched elated.  Claw pointed his wand at a pillar as he mumbled strange words, and the pillar crumbled down towards the wizard.  Beifar escaped disaster by quickly leaning to the side.  Claw dashed toward the castle.  He flew over the Riverboat ride and the Haunted Mansion, back through Fantasy Land, around the Carousel ride then around Dumbo the Flying Elephant and circling the Mad Tea Party ride.  Beifar gained on Claw but the constant spinning made him dizzy so he sat up on his broom just as Claw came up behind him, pulled up tight on the inside, shifted his weight and gave Beifar a swift kick.  The wizard lost control, spinning around in the air, and crashed into Ariel’s (The Little Mermaid’s) Grotto.
Raven Claw laughed wickedly as he pulled up to Cinderella’s Castle. Slowly and cautiously he climbed and circled the towers, taking bright green tubes from his leather bag and setting them on different windowsills. He finally rounded the highest turret as guests inside the restaurant stretched out the windows to get a better look. The broom came to rest inside an ornate balcony, its small golden tower gleamed in the eerie, purple light, and from here Claw enjoyed a perfect view of the park.  Claw leaned the broom against the wall behind him and turned to face the crystal ball that was already there.  He rubbed his hands together, feeling very triumphant, and then stretched them out over the crystal ball only to quickly recoil.  He reached over his head and patted himself proudly on the back.
“Well, done!” he assured himself.
Jesse grew tired and frustrated from his search and stopped to rest on top of Space Mountain – the indoor roller coaster ride that took place in the dark.  He searched the park as he held on to tall, strong beams that stretched up into the night like futuristic lasers.  Cinderella’s Castle was glowing bright green.  Jesse leaned forward gazing intently and noticed a bright light coming from the balcony of the highest tower.  A silhouette figure moved sinister-like before it.
Claw stretched out his hands and placed them on the crystal ball.  It illuminated a bright light casting the mad wizard’s shadow against the castle wall.  Smoke swirled violently inside the orb, and seven dragons twisted to reveal six distinguished looking men standing in a circle.
“Who dares to summon us with Lord Bane’s crystal ball?” asked one of the six.  
The mad wizard bowed before the crystal, “It is I, my Lords, Raven Claw Fidgewidge.  I wish to submit to the Circle of Sorcerers my application for an interview.”
“You are a mad man!” shouted another sorcerer.  “We want nothing to do with you.”
One of the six addressed another, “I don’t understand, I thought Alex took care of this mess?”
Raven Claw Fidgewidge continued, “My Lords, I understand that this application is a bit unorthodox, but it’s time that the Society thinks outside the box.”  He straightened, “Allow me to demonstrate.”  Claw reached into his UPS coat, and pulled out his wand.  “I’ve developed a new kind of weapon that will place the Society in a whole new arena.  Dragon Breath diluted and shaken, not stirred, with the correct spell becomes a deadly nightmare to whomever it is cast upon.  I’ve placed several throughout Cinderella’s Castle, facing every direction and once I cast the spell, everyone in the Magic Kingdom will experience their worst nightmare… never to wake up again.”  He laughed at the thought.  “You see my Lords, what I bring to the table is complete power.  If you select me as the new sorcerer, together we can rule the world.”
The sorcerers in the crystal ball cried out in opposition to Claw’s mad plan.  He ignored them and turned away facing the park.  He spread his arms wide, holding his wand in his right hand, and threw his head back looking up into the night sky.  He took one long breath, closed his eyes and focused.
Jesse watched as the man in the balcony stood facing the park with outstretched arms.  He was sure it was Mr. Claw.  The realization that Claw reached Cinderella’s Castle, and probably beaten Beifar, was paralyzing but he knew that he needed to do something fast; something courageous in order to save the people in the park from a fatal nightmare.  Each second that past was one too many.  Jesse had no plan and there was no time to come up with one.  He swallowed hard, let go of the steel beams, leaned forward, kicked his feet up, and shot toward the castle.
Beifar Mahgo slowly rose out of the mermaid’s grotto.  His head pounded from the blow as he rubbed it softly, discovering the cut on his forehead.  The kick to his head was strong, and he pictured his forehead having a deep impression of Claw’s heel.  A man climbed over the rail and helped pull the wizard out of the cold water, as his wife and four children stayed behind.
“Are you alright?” he asked concerned.  
“Mike,” his wife called out after him, “come back you might get hurt,” as the kids just watched.
Beifar was soaking wet, his hat drooped over to one side.  He waved his hands, and he was suddenly dry. Mike stepped back amazed, and leaped back over the rail to join his family.
“Oh, no!” shouted the wizard.  He reached into his pant pocket and pulled out his cell phone.  He flipped it open.  “Ruined” he complained.
BOOM!
A huge explosion roared from the castle.
The startled wizard gasped, thinking Claw was launching his plan and that it was too late.  To his relief, it was nothing more than the fireworks show over Cinderella’s Castle commencing.
Then Beifar saw Jesse break from Space Mountain toward the highest tower of the castle.  He looked ahead and observed Claw standing on the balcony with his arms outstretched.  Beifar needed to act fast.  He needed to beat Jesse to the castle or else Claw could easily…the wizard pushed the thought out of his mind.  He had no time to think or waste time over what ifs.  Beifar stretched out his right hand and his staff flew out of the grotto into his grasp.  He faced the castle, raised the staff over his head and brought it down hard on the soft grass.
FLASH! 
Beifar was gone.
Jesse was racing toward the tower balcony.  Claw momentarily turned to address the crystal ball when he heard the approaching sound of Jesse’s broom.  He turned just as Jesse was almost upon him and waved his wand.  Jesse felt the broom fly out from underneath him, and he came crashing into the balcony, his helmet cracking against the hard wall.  He dropped in a heap and pain overcame his entire body.  Claw ignored pleads from the sorcerers in the crystal ball and made his way to Jesse.  He leaned closer recognizing his employee.  
“Well, what a pleasant surprise.  I wasn’t expecting guests, especially you. I guess you’ll just have to die here.” He said.  Jesse stirred, moaning.  Claw reached down and pulled Jesse to his feet leaning him against the wall.  “Wake up!” he shouted. “I want you to see this.  I want you to see what you will be accused of!  You might as well.  You’re going to be famous.”
The explosions from the fireworks intensified over the castle.
FLASH!
Beifar appeared on the balcony and overheard the sorcerers in the crystal ball demanding that Claw cease his insane plan.  The two-second distraction was enough for Claw to wave his wand, ripping the wizard’s staff out of his hand and over the wall.  
“Well,” said Claw, “this is going to turn out better than I thought.”
The wizard thought fast, he needed to distract Claw.
“Jesse,” shouted Beifar, “remember the Excerises?”  
Claw laughed, “He’s not a wizard!”  
Jesse felt his hands, legs, body, his entire self, and putting aside the pain, nodded.  
“Now let it out!” shouted the wizard.  Claw reached over and grabbed Jesse around the neck.  Jesse panicked.
“Looks like your little plan didn’t work.” Claw laughed.  “Did you really think a Folk could stop me?”
“He beat you before.”  Beifar took a step forward.
Claw pressed his wand at Jesse’s neck.
“Really, I don’t recall?” Claw grinned.
“He’s here, isn’t he?”
“Yes, I suppose…”
“DO IT!” commanded Beifar.
Jesse reacted to the command like he was back playing high school football and, without giving it another thought; he shut his eyes and yelled.  He shouted with all his strength.  He clenched his fists hard and curled his toes as he gave it all his might.  Jesse felt his throat begin to swell and sore as he let out the loudest yell he could, feeling every part of his body tense.  His heart felt like it was about to explode; his eyes hurt, his lungs ached, and his head throbbed.   
Claw held on tight as he took his attention away from Beifar.  That’s all it took, by the time he regained himself, Beifar retrieved Mily Breezy’s wand from his inside pocket cloak.  It was aimed at Claw.
“Tough luck,” said Beifar.
“I’ll kill the boy,” threatened Claw, as he tightened his grip on his wand.
“Go ahead, he means nothing to me.  I only needed to get to you.  I used him, just as you did.”
Claw smiled.  He liked it.  Clever, he thought.
“Oh,” continued Beifar, “in case you haven’t heard, your brother Nicholas Fidgewidge…”
“What about my brother?” Claw squinted.
“He’s dead…I killed him.  That’s how I found you.”
“Nicky…” Claw twitched. His mind screamed with rage.  His feelings overcame him. He wanted to scream, hit, and kill.  He wanted revenge, and for a split second his feelings became a roaring tornado as he lost focus.  That was enough.   
“Ligo!” 
 A bolt flew from Mily Breezy’s wand, and struck Claw right between the eyes.  He dropped his wand and fell back, still holding on to Jesse.  He was bound by the hex, incapable of any movement.  
Jesse thrashed about setting himself loose.  
The six sorcerers in the crystal ball faded away.
The wizard Beifar captured his man.  
Beifar stretched out his arm, summoning his staff.  After it returned to his grasp he waved it and Jesse’s broom returned, as the fireworks continued overhead.
“That football exercise really works.” Beifar smiled at Jesse. “I think you’re going to have to teach me how to do it.
Jesse gazed intently at Beifar.  He wanted to say something . . . something to lighten the moment  . . . anything, but nothing intelligible came to mind so he remained silent, as he endured the pain that emanated from every nerve ending in his entire body.  
 “You’re going to have to fly back alone while I take him in,” instructed the wizard.  He leaned down and took hold of Claw.  “I’ll see you tomorrow morning for breakfast?”
Jesse nodded yes.
“Thank you, Jesse; I couldn’t have done it without you.”
Jesse just smiled.  
The wizard tapped the staff on the ground and . . .
FLASH!
The wizard Beifar and Claw were gone.  The instant the wizard left, Jesse thought of what he should’ve said to the wizard – “I guess you got to test fly the broom after all.”  Oh well, the important thing was that they survived the ordeal and saved everyone at the Magic Kingdom.
Jesse turned to his helmet; it was useless now, but he was grateful that he wore it.  It saved my life, he thought.  He looked out over the park, felt the breeze and grabbed the broom.  Without any hesitation, Jesse saddled, leaned forward, and kicked his feet up.  
Jesse flew up and over on his broom.  He noticed how one by one the green glass containers containing the dangerous Dragon Breath were being removed from the castle windows.  He drew closer and recognized wizards and witches appearing from out of nowhere, wearing long robes and funny hats.  One by one they cautiously took a container and waved their wand over it until the magic potion within each container faded.  They vanished almost as quickly as they appeared.  Jesse assumed that they were from the Department and sent by Beifar.
The fireworks exploded in different colors over the purple castle, reflecting off the tower windows.  There was no trace of the dangerous green glass containers, no trace of the wizard fight and no trace of the crystal ball.  Jesse made one more turn around the castle, feeling triumphant.  He helped to prevent a disaster. Jesse couldn’t have felt prouder.  Pointing the broom upward, he slowly climbed over the highest tower of the castle and flew away. Down below, the astonished crowds pointed as they witnessed a man on a broom zoom through the multiple lights.
Jesse enjoyed the ride back to Mount Dora.  He rested back on the broom and allowed himself the pleasure to take in the view from up high.  The big city lights were behind him and Mount Dora Lake was in his view, beyond the rolling hills and large trees.  The moon shined over the water and the dotted homes lit the landscape below.  	
Jesse flew over the park.  A few teenagers, still out late trick or treating, spotted him pass overhead.  They tried to chase him on foot, but couldn’t keep up.  Jesse never noticed being seen or chased by them, his mind was back on the evening events.  He kept asking himself one question, “Did I cause that burst of light that caused Claw to be distracted?”  If the answer was yes, then the conclusion was that he was a wizard
Jesse landed gently behind Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  His motorcycle was parked where he left it earlier that day. It seemed so long ago.  The streets were completely empty with no sign of trick-or-treaters.  Tomorrow would be Monday, and another workday, Halloween came and went.
The front door to Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was unlocked.  The bell rang triumphantly as Jesse entered.  The last time he heard it was when the UPS man surprised him with being Raven Claw.  He never, in his wildest dreams, suspected him of being Claw.  The UPS man was a quiet man who kept mostly to himself.  The most he ever said to Jesse was the story about Ira Lefkoff that caused him to have the terrible near death nightmares - - well, that made sense now.  Claw was making sure that Jesse would be afraid of something so that his evil curse would work. Otherwise, it was “how’s it going” or “sign here please” and always “have a good day.”  Now he understood why the UPS man was so adamant about carrying the fragile boxes up to the office himself; the contents were important for mixing the potions that would have caused everyone to die from fright at the Magic Kingdom.  
Jesse locked the door behind him, leaned his broom against the front counter, and made his way through the store.  The crystal ball had unexplainably returned to the same spot in the middle of the room.  Jesse threw a witch’s robe over it.  He had had enough of the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers and enough of magic for now.  He went up the stairs to Claw’s office.  The room was exactly the way he left it.  Jesse closed the door and stood looking around the office while thinking that Raven Claw was a lunatic, and that all this time he was being set up.  Jesse crossed his arms and considered what would have happened to him if it were not for Beifar.  He would most assuredly have ended up like Ira Lefkoff – accused of a horrific crime and later killed by a nightmare or vice versa, either way he’d be dead. The last thing he ever imagined on that first day he met the wizard was that Beifar would end up saving his life.  
“I owe him big time.”  He said to no one.  
Jesse took a deep breath and began to pick up and throw away everything.  He wanted no proof or memory of Claw.  
Jesse finally finished picking up late into the night and hauled away three full trash bags to the garbage dumpster.  There was no longer any trace of Raven Claw ever being a part of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store except, of course, for the crystal ball, but then again, the crystal ball didn’t really belong to Claw.  He stole it from Lord Bane, and now that Claw was gone and Lord Bane was dead, well, the crystal ball belonged to him.  Jesse liked the idea.  It looked at home in the middle of the store – as if it always belonged there.  Jesse took his broom, locked the front door of the store, jumped on his bike and drove home.
That night, after he washed up and found a special place for his broom in his small apartment, Jesse lay down in his bed, rested his head on the pillow and slept peacefully.  There was no near death nightmare.


Chapter 16
Monday

Jesse woke up rested and ready to go.  He didn’t experience a near death nightmare, in fact, he didn’t remember dreaming at all.  It was the best sleep he thought he ever experienced in his entire life.  He stretched in bed after he turned off his alarm, and looked out the open window.  He was grateful and welcomed a new day.  The bright sun beckoned him outside.  He brushed his teeth, combed his long brown hair with his fingers, and then sat on the edge of his bed for some time staring at his broom.  He so wanted to fly it during the day, but he was afraid of being discovered.  What did Beifar call it the first time they met for breakfast - - the Salem Concord?  Jesse made a mental note to ask him more about it later.  He persuaded himself not to give in to the temptation.  On the other end of the room the staff he used as a costume for the Halloween festival still lit the corner with its magical light.  Jesse smiled as he fought the urge to proclaim himself a real wizard.  He finished getting ready and headed out the door.
The morning drive down to the lake seemed like the best ride he ever enjoyed since he arrived at Mount Dora.  He felt free, relaxed, and for the moment, without a care in the world.  He slowly drove by Donnelly Park and saw the park keepers picking up the tables, chairs and trash.  The area where Mily Breezy was killed was still roped off, and it caused him to shake as a cold chill ran up his back.  Jesse turned down the next street and headed toward the Deli.  Cindy was outside, about to open for the day, and was happy to see him drive up.  She smoothed her hair back over her ears and went to him.
“How are you feeling?” he asked her very concerned.
“I’m okay, thanks.”  She reached out and took his hand.  “That was a great costume.”
Jesse smiled, “Yeah. I copied it off a friend who thinks he’s a real wizard.”
For a second they just starred at each other and smiled.  The sun shined off her blond hair causing her green eyes to glisten.
“Ummm,” began Jesse, “if you’re not busy after work, you wanna go get a burger or something?”
“Sure!”
“OK.  I’ll pick you up about six? Here at the store?”
Cindy nodded and smiled, then turned and walked into the Deli.
Jesse slightly revved the engine to his motorbike, and drove away.
City streets on Monday mornings were always busy, and Mount Dora was no exception, but today it didn’t bother Jesse.  He didn’t care if he waited a little longer for a car to make a left turn, or for some tourist to finish taking the perfect picture in the middle of the street while he completely stopped traffic.  None of that mattered; not after having stopped a demented wizard and foiled his dastardly plan. 
Jesse found the wizard sitting at the same outdoor table drinking coffee and reading the Monday morning paper.  The front page read:
NEW DISNEY ATTRACTION - - SORCERER’S APPRENTICE - - KICKOFF IS A SMASH!  
“What are you reading?” asked Jesse after he got a glimpse of the headline.
“New ride in the Magic Kingdom opened today,” the wizard answered as he sipped his coffee.  He wore his grey, pointy hat and long black cloak.  His staff rested against the table.  “You get to fly around on a broom.  Imagine that?”
The waitress approached with Jesse’s breakfast and his milk.  “I heard that it is an amazing ride.” She interjected excitedly.  “My girlfriends and I are going up this weekend to ride it.  The news said that you don’t even see the cables that pull you along. I can’t wait, I have an annual pass, you know.”
Jesse and the wizard nodded and smiled as she turned and went to attend another table.
“The Bureau spent the entire night working on this one.”  Beifar whispered.  “I’m so glad I don’t work there any longer, they do all the covering up for us.”
“So they created a new ride?” asked Jesse
“Yes, they did. They need to justify the unusual exposure of magic.” 
“Are they the ones who disposed of the dragon’s breath?”
“Yes, they also do the clean up. It happens every once in a while.  Here, let me read a little to you:
Last night guests at the Magic Kingdom were surprisingly introduced to a new attraction with an outstanding extravaganza exhibition of magic and suspense…. witnesses claim that the characters appeared to be actually flying on brooms.  The buzzword is that you will believe in magic after you experience the new Sorcerer’s Apprentice.
Jesse laughed, “Brilliant!”
“How did you sleep?” asked the wizard.  
“Wonderful - - no near death nightmare.”
Beifar smiled.
“Oh, my cell phone is broken; it fell in the grotto.”  He shrugged.  “My wife is going to kill me.”
“Beifar,” Jesse looked up at him.  “Do wizards die?”
“Yes, of course, we’re not God.  A knife or a bullet can kill us like any Folk, that is, if it can catch us.”  They laughed.
It was a good laugh.  The kind of laugh well deserved after the worst has passed and at the moment there is no care left in the world.
“Wait a minute!” interrupted Jesse.  “You had a wand.  You used a wand against Claw.  I thought you didn’t like wands?”
“I don’t like dying either and that was his plan, but you are correct.  I don’t like using wands, and that one belonged to Mily Breezy.  I took it from her when I arrested her at her home.  She used it against me, and almost killed me.  I usually destroy a criminal’s wand as soon as I arrest them, but I don’t know why I didn’t destroy Mily’s wand. I guess I was too much in a rush and not thinking properly.  Anyway, I’m glad I held on to it.  It’s ironic - - the same wand that helped Claw escape from jail also placed him back in jail.  I guess you can say that it was Mily Breezy who got her revenge.”
The wizard folded the newspaper and placed it next to him on the table.
Jesse stopped eating and dared to ask him the next question.  “Beifar, did I cause that light to shine up there in the tower?”
The wizard looked him straight on and smiled, “Nah, I did it.”
Jesse’s heart sank.  He knew now for sure that he wasn’t a wizard.
“I needed to distract Claw, get him to focus on something else and not on his energy.”  He noticed the expression on Jesse’s face.  “Listen, at least you now know how to fly a broom, and you have a magic staff, and a very powerful Emunio Concutio, not to mention the crystal ball.  You have more magical items than I do back home!”
Jesse looked up and smiled.  “By the way, weren’t you going to buy a broom from me?  You already got to test fly it.”
“Whoa, what’s this?  Are you going to keep Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store?”
“Yes, sir” Jesse said proudly.  “I’m going to be the number one supplier of brooms and hats to the magic world.  I found a bunch of helpful information in the office last night, and I have good credit with the manufacturers, soooo, why not?  I enjoyed what I did, and I like the customers, all of them.”
Beifar congratulated Jesse with a handshake.
FLASH!
Jesse jumped in his chair.
Beside him sat Ana the witch.  She wore a new pink hat and was holding the new wand she purchased at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.  Jesse looked around, concerned that someone saw her materialize, but no one noticed.  “Beifar we need to talk.”
“Good morning, Ana.”
“Good morning” She replied impatiently.  “That crystal ball has to be taken back to the Department.  It’s very dangerous, and now that Claw has been captured it should be handed over and studied.  I can probably trace its origin, and maybe a lead to the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers.”
“Now wait a minute, Ana.  The crystal ball is safe with Jesse.  And if we do bring it in, we’ll be opening up a plethora of problems that will only alert the Society and get us nowhere with our investigation.”
Ana shook her head.
“Look, let’s keep it here at the store.  Jesse has a very powerful Emunio Concutio.    It’s very well protected, and in a couple of months, after Claw has been sentenced, we’ll come back and start our investigation together.  Things will have quieted down by then, and no one will suspect what we are up too.  What do you say cousin?”
Ana turned to Jesse and demanded.  “I need to get into your store.” 
Jesse looked at the wizard and then back to the witch Ana.  He raised his eyebrows and hopelessly shook his head.
“Jesse, crystal balls are more complicated than you and my cousin here think,” Ana puffed “if you don’t know how to use them, they cannot only mean trouble - - they can mean danger.  I suggest if you plan to keep it, which you shouldn’t, it is against the law for Folk to own Wizardry items, don’t play with it.  You don’t know how tired I am of Folk owning magical items and everything going wrong.”  Ana glanced sternly at Beifar, tapped her wand on the table and . . .
FLASH! 
She disappeared. 
Jesse looked around nervously, hoping no one noticed that Ana vanished.  No one did.
“She has great timing,” commented the wizard.  “Back in training, she received perfect scores for materializing and vanishing without ever being detected by Folk.  I think she’s one of the best witches in the Department.”
“You know what I think?” asked Jesse.  “I think you deserve a new broom so that you can swoosh in and out of roller coaster rides whenever you get the urge to feel like a kid again.”
The wizard smiled, “Well, then, lets go get me a broom.”  Beifar reached into his pant pocket and placed some money on the table.  Then grabbed his staff, and waited.
Jesse shook his head, grinned, and invited him over to the store.
“How did you get in the store last night and set me free?  The alarm was on?”
“You invited me in through the answering machine.”
Jesse remembered the last message he recorded on the new machine, and nodded.  He was never going to erase that recording again.
“How can I shut the alarm off?” he asked.  
“It’s set by owner command.  Just say alarm on or off and it obeys.  Defendo acendo or apage”
“Defendo apage,” Jesse commanded.
Beifar followed Jesse into the store as the bell rang.  The crystal ball was still covered in the middle of the store, purposely hidden, but still an eye sore. They walked over to the broom display where only one Stealth broom remained.  Jesse took it off the wall bracket and handed it over to the wizard.  
“It’s on the house.”
The wizard choked with emotion as his eyes swelled.  He was barely able to say thank you without his voice trembling. 
“You saved my life, Beifar.  I can’t repay you enough.”
“Oh, I’m sure you you’ll do the same for me someday.  That’s what friends do, you know.  You got my back and I got yours.”
Jesse smiled at the thought of being a real wizard’s friend.
“I’m going to move in upstairs and go to college and get a business degree.” Jesse informed Beifar.  “I figure that if I’m going to have my own business, I better learn how to run one.  It will also make my parents very happy.”
Beifar was proud of Jesse.  He matured tremendously and changed, for the better.  Beifar outstretched his arms, and with the broom in one hand and his staff in the other, gave Jesse a huge hug.  Jesse hugged him back.
The wizard let go and took a couple of steps back.  “I need to go.  You know how to get a hold of me.”
“Yes, I have your number.”  
“Call me if anything else happens with that crystal ball.”
Jesse nodded.
Beifar Mahgo raised his staff, paused for a second and then struck the end on the wooden floor.
FLASH!
The wizard was gone.
“Wait!” Jesse called after him, “your phone is ruined.”  It was too late.
The bell rang and the front door opened.  Chief Fabiano walked into the store and shut the door behind him.  
“Good morning, Jesse”
Jesse faked a smile.  Outside the same dark car and driver were parked in the same spot.
“It seems I made a little mistake yesterday.  It was brought to my attention that all your papers are in order.  I overlooked the co-signer’s signature.”  He rocked back and forth.  “A funny thing, see, I tried investigating it further, but I was advised to leave it alone.  What do you think about that?”
Jesse shrugged.	
“Also, the autopsies on the four dead people over the last couple of days show that they inhaled a rare toxic substance that killed them, so it doesn’t look like we have a murderer loose in our town.  Unless, of course, someone planted that substance or, maybe something unexplainable…”  
Jesse shrugged again.
Fabiano turned and opened the door as the bell rang.  A chilly breeze rushed in like a cat waiting for the opportunity to sneak inside without being noticed. “I don’t like magic, Jesse Alexander.”  He turned toward Jesse, “I’m much older than you are and I’ve seen many things, things you don’t want to see, ever.  Listen to me; some things should be left alone.  This store is one of those things.  Go home, Jesse, go home and forget Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store.”  He shut the door behind him and left.  Jesse watched him get into the car and drive away.
Jesse was left alone.  How rude, he thought.  Who in their right mind would ever walk away from Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store?  It was a portal to the Wizardry world. New ideas were rushing through his head.  He entertained big plans for Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store; big - - huge plans.  He walked over to the front desk and settled in his chair, turned on the laptop
“BEEP

Chapter 17
The Stranger

In the months that followed Halloween, months since Jesse Alexander last saw or heard from the wizard Beifar Mahgo, Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store was busier than ever as if by magic.  In the weeks that followed his adventure with Beifar, Jesse struck up a deal with the Disney Store, supplying Stealth brooms to their retail outlets.  Unexpectedly, their buyer contacted Jesse shortly after the wizard left.  The brooms used in the Sorcerer’s Apprentice ride were an identical copy of the Stealth.  Jesse, in turn, reached out to the manufacturers of the Stealth brooms, the Windsur Manufacturing Broom Company, established by the Wizardry Windsur family more than two hundred years ago.  Thankfully, it wasn’t a difficult request for the Windsur Manufacturing Broom Corporation, and in no time Jesse was raking in the money.    
The Windsur family taught Jesse the mastery of flying brooms.   Jesse learned the intricate aerodynamic relationship between the different enchanted flight essences and the broom rider.  He learned how certain magical creatures’ feathers interacted better with different brooms, depending on the wood. He also learned the importance of purchasing the finest quality wood from Elven Oak Farms, and how only first grade corn stalk resulted in unparalleled, superior brooms unsurpassed by the competition. 
Jesse also sold actual flying brooms to Wizardry, and his competitive prices spread throughout the Wizardry community almost over night.  Oddly enough, since he was a Folk, Jesse soon gained the reputation of being an expert in flying brooms within certain wizard and witch circles.  Jesse was selling magic flying brooms like hot cakes.  Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store became a very profitable business.  His adventure with Beifar was just the start of his dealings with the Wizardry world
Jesse finalized more contracts with other purchasers and eventually supplied flying brooms to Wizardry schools, all the while developing a blog for his customers on maintaining and caring for their brooms.  The steady popping in and out of Wizardry customers at Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store inevitably made the small store the gossip of Mount Dora.
Jesse never told anyone about the Wizardry world he stumbled upon, not even Cindy.  He felt that no one was ever going to believe him unless they themselves experienced the divulging process with a wizard.
Jesse faithfully found the time to fly on his broom no matter how busy his workdays.  Whenever the city of Mount Dora was quiet, and the night clear of storms, Jesse would dress up in his wizard’s cloak; grab his staff, which still glowed with its enchanted light, and escape.  The cool night breeze was intoxicating and bewitching to Jesse.  It called to him almost like a quiet song that only he could hear.  With staff in hand, he would mount his broom, lean forward, kick his feet up, and soar out and over the nearby buildings only to return just before sunrise.  On many rides he would come upon Wizardry and together silently glide over hills and open country.  Flying on a broom undoubtedly became Jesse’s favorite thing to do.

On the last day of the month, the bell rang, menacing, as the door slowly opened.  Jesse looked up from his laptop.  A strange man stepped in and paused before closing the door behind him.  He was shrouded in a dark cloak and hood.  It was difficult for Jesse to make out his features as the man stared intently at the crystal ball.  The stranger slowly approached the front desk and pulled the hood back over his head revealing himself.  He was an ugly man.  Actually, “ugly” was an understatement.  His face was disfigured, almost mutilated.  A long scar ran down his forehead.  Jesse’s body involuntarily shuttered as he sat back in his chair.
The stranger leaned closer and glared at Jesse.  He studied Jesse thoroughly as his nose moved up and down taking in whiffs of air, apparently smelling Jesse - - much like an animal would.  
“You are Jesse Alexander?” he asked, his voice rough and deep.
Jesse hesitated answering.  He slightly nodded yes.
“Figures, guys like you all look the same don’t you?”  He closed one eye and glared with the other.  “I don’t like heroes.”
Jesse wasn’t sure how to respond.
“And to think you’re nothing more than a Folk.”
Jesse’s mind warned him to run.
“My name is Nicholas Fidgewidge, and I believe you have something that belongs to my brother, Raven Claw.”
The End
***



The Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers


Tongues of fire danced across the night air.  The gentle breeze carried the burning ash and dark smoke over the surrounding trees away from the thick forest.  Six men stood around the large contained fire deep within a hidden clearing protected by a wall of large pine trees and several protective curses.  A massive ornate stone basin housed the flames that reached high over the sorcerers shrouded in long dark robes with large hoods keeping their identities a secret.  The area was cleared many years ago, and decorated with statues of previous members.  From a distance it looked much like a small burial ground with no burial plots.  This was another concealed meeting site for the Secret Society of Seven Sorcerers.  
An overwhelming sense of urgency made the atmosphere tense.  It had been six months since Lord Bane had disappeared, and the remaining members were in a rush to select a new brother.  As usual for the eldest members, this was a very difficult task.  For months they observed and studied deeds and applications from many eager wizards who wished to join the circle of prevailing sorcerers.  The most influential and talented from the large network of the society’s members applied.  The remaining six sorcerers would choose only one.  They would select the one that would best benefit the society.
The selection would be finalized with magic.  In the world of enchantment, important selections are finalized by magic.   They are never left to chance.  The Dragon Flame always selected the final applicant for the new brother of the society.  The Dragon Flame ritual was one of the greatest secrets of the society as well as the initiation ritual into the circle of seven sorcerers.  Past members of the circle of sorcerers once took seven flames from seven different dragon tribes from seven different parts of the world.  They were brought together with spells, chants and sacrifice joined as one inferno.  All sorcerers swore an oath of secrecy and loyalty once they are chosen, consumed by fire if broken.  On Halloween night, the night of the initiation, seven interwoven dragons were burned onto the newest member as an insignia and a reminder of their oath..  Each dragon represented one of men’s seven weaknesses.  With magic, the circle of sorcerers used pride, envy, anger, avarice, sloth, gluttony and lust to manipulate and exploit all for their collective benefit.  
The oldest of the six sorcerers stepped close to the burning flames.  The ground shook spewing a swirling pillar of fire up towards the heavens.  He held out a rolled up parchment that contained the name and personal information of his candidate.  His hand trembled as he hesitated, closed his eyes, and threw it into the fire.  He waited.  The response was unexpected.  The pain was excruciating and abrupt.  He tore at his robes attempting to remove them crying out in agony for assistance.  The others didn’t come to his aid as the older wizard threw back his robes revealing his burnt back.  The seven tattooed dragons glowed red hot.  The skin blistered and bled as his body shook uncontrollably.  He fell to his knees clawing at his burnt shirt pleading desperately for forgiveness.  Then it was over.  He remained motionless dripping in sweat while he regained himself.  He said nothing and no one spoke to him as he picked up his robe, returned to his original spot and dressed.  It was evident to everyone that his candidate was rejected.
The forest was quiet again except for the sound of the fire churning feeding upon the night.
It was another sorcerer’s turn to submit a candidate.
The six men hesitated.  The fire swelled as if ready to engulf the next presenter causing several to turn away and step back.  Another elderly wizard stepped forward as he withdrew a parchment from his inside cloak pocket, but a younger tall wizard stopped him.
“Don’t fret, brother, I will submit the next candidate.”  The wizard moved forward with even quick steps.  He held his head high and confident as he withdrew a parchment from his inside cloak pocket.  The other elderly sorcerer returned to his place without an argument.  The tall wizard approached the basin stopping only inches away tolerating the intense heat.  He gently submitted the application.  The ground shook, but the proud sorcerer did not even shudder.  He remained stationary as he awaited a decision.
The forest seemed trapped in time.  There was no breeze; no movement in the trees and no animal dared venture near the enchanted space.  All was quiet and stagnant.  The inferno swirled upward resembling ballet dancers in slow movements twisting and turning to a gentle song.  The clearing was filled with an eerie silence that made all the sorcerers nervous except for one.  The solid stone basin engraved with strange symbols and seven sculptured dragonheads, each different from the rest, looked outward toward seven separate directions. The tall wizard stood erect with his arms at his side like a proud soldier standing at attention. The heat from the fire caused him to sweat, his skin slowly turned red.  He neither blinked nor twitched.  Only his chest expanded as he breathed deeply tolerating the furnace while anxiously waiting for a response.  He tried desperately not to show the apprehension that was beginning to emerge.  Stay focused! 
Then, without any warning, in one sudden spiral swoosh, the blazing inferno extinguished.  A trail of smoke swirled up slowly vanishing into the trees. 
None of the six sorcerers reacted.  They stood still in their places waiting.    The tall sorcerer that stood closest to the stone basin took a long deep breath and lowered his head.  With one hand he wiped his face dry free of perspiration and with the other pulled back on his hood.  He turned around and faced his wizard brothers.  He glanced from one to the other before he finally announced, “My brother wizards,” he smiled as he spoke to them, “we have a new brother.  The flame has selected as the seventh member of our circle…”
“Outrageous!” cried a hooded wizard.  “This selection will be the downfall of our society!”  He stepped forward, his face hidden to all as he addressed the tall sorcerer.  “I suspect trickery.  I suspect that the application was altered!”
The explosion startled everyone.  The ground shook, as the stone basin erupted.  Fire violently stretched all the way up past the trees furiously roaring.   Heat filled the clearing pushing the sorcerers back.  
“I suggest you retract your statement and beg forgiveness,” the tall wizard advised his challenger, “or else you’ll burn for your lack of loyalty.”
The hooded wizard cowered before the inferno sinking to his knees.  He cried out for mercy as the volcanic flames intensified belching forth smoke and fire threatening to erupt.  Gradually he crawled back on his belly to his original spot daring not to look up.
Slowly the fire quieted thankfully returning to its original intensity.  The sorcerers relaxed, and the forgiven wizard stood up remaining silent.  The tall wizard stepped forward facing them all again.
“Brothers, the newest member to our circle,” he smiled conceitedly, “is Lord Alex.”
	
***

Then the image slowly faded as smoke whirled about within the crystal ball until it gradually disappeared.  Only the distorted likeness of the inside of Alivan’s Wizards and Witches Corner Store reflected off the smooth glass.  Jesse was upstairs in his room sound asleep, never realizing that the events that just took place were going to change his world again.

Thank you for reading my book Interview for a Wizard  If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/jareces
Friend me on Facebook: http://facebook.com/j.a.areces
Favorite me at Smashwords: http:// j.a.areces

Thank you and I hope you enjoyed the magic!
J. A. Areces

