






The Absurd Afterlife Trilogy
The Goddess
A Novel
By Clint Snyder










“In Goddess religion death is not feared, but is understood to be a part of life, followed by birth and renewal.” – Carol P. Christ

For more info about the author click the links below
Follow me on twitter- https://twitter.com/clintscripts
Follow me on facebook- https://www.facebook.com/clintsnyderplays/?fref=ts
Check out my plays and more- https://newplayexchange.org/users/2544/clint-snyder
For any questions email clintsnyderscripts@gmail.com







Chapter 1
  Death was only the beginning for Helga.  She felt a sudden burst of energy rush up her spine as she cautiously opened her eyes. She had a moment of panic as she saw nothing, except darkness come into view.  She opened them wider, but there was still nothing, nothing except an empty void. She waved her arms and came to the realization that she was submerged in liquid- not water, but something slimy and viscous.  She moved her arms back and forth with great difficulty through the goop, until she began to feel a tremendous pressure on her chest.  Still entombed in complete blackness, she began to panic and reach upward for anything, as she recognized she hadn’t taken a breath since she regained consciousness.
     Her right hand suddenly jolted as it struck something solid, and she grabbed hold of it forcefully.  As Helga’s other hand clasped on, she felt her body being tugged forward quickly through the slime.  The darkness became lighter and lighter until she burst through coughing and spitting up the goo.
     She rested for a moment wading through the liquid still holding on firmly to the solid object that propelled her forward.  She gave her eyes a few wipes.  As they dried she began to make out a large crescent like shape in front of her.  Then colors and textures filled in gradually like a painter finishing a work of art. She eventually began to recognize that everything had a dark purple glow surrounding the goo, which was luminescent blue.  
     The object that she had been holding onto looked like a crook or staff of some kind with strange rectangular markings all over it.  The large crescent revealed itself to be some kind of olive toned boat with a carving of a hideous woman on the front.  The carving appeared to be some sort of female snake deity with sharp fangs and nails.  It’s hair was taut back into a bun and although the carving and boat were relatively small there was a tremendous amount of detail that went into it.
     “I ain’t got all day! Are you getting in or are you just going to stay down there and splash around like you’ve got a head injury,” said a loud booming cockneyish voice.  The voice startled Helga so much that she jumped banging her head off the carving and knocking the head off it. “Ow!” Helga squealed and she threw her arms up over the side of the tiny boat.  A giant pair of hands grabbed hold of her belt loop and chucked her to the other end of the boat.
     “Well that’s just wonderful, isn’t it?  You know I was only joking when I asked if you had a head injury, but unless you want to go back in. I will kindly ask that you stop breaking my things,” said the huge bulbous figure in front of her. Helga gaped amazed at the gigantic figure.
     The man in front of her had a disproportionally huge gut and a large matching head.  What didn’t match his size were the petite eyes that were inhumanly close together and a thin buzzed haircut.  At the ends of where his sideburns would normally have been, were the most eloquent long braided locks that were being held up, quite absurdly, by tiny yellow birds.  
     One of the birds was struggling to keep up and looked as though it had a broken wing.  It kept clumsily crashing into the man’s hulking neck, which was too thick for him to notice.  “If you’re looking for a name tag, I told Rita a thousand times I will not wear one.  I won’t do it!” The man’s fist crashed down angrily onto a tiny crate of what appeared to be some sort of powdered food.  This startled Helga and she slipped backwards still covered in the liquid.  “Oh, I believe you sir!” She croaked imagining her head as the tiny crate. “It chaffs the front of my chest.” She continued to gaze at the tiny yellow bird crashing endlessly into his hulking body.
     “I told you it’s not there.  My name is Raul,” he said using a belch like the period at the end of a sentence. “I wasn’t looking for your name tag sir. My name’s Helga and I was just look at your umm… your bird seems to having some trouble.” Raul looked down a groaned annoyed as if he had to do a load of laundry. “Stupid things are always dropping off on me,” he said as he grabbed the bird gruffly and chucked it into the liquid with a plop.  He grabbed a fresh bird out of another crate and stuck it on the braid, which floated gently above his shoulder as if it had been trained for this single purpose. “I guess that’s the price you pay for great hair.”
     “Sir, I don’t mean to be forward, but where am I? The last thing I remember I was eating dinner and I woke up in some blue goop next to a man with birds floating above his shoulders.” Helga sighed loudly.  Saying it out loud really put her problems in perspective. “Oh, you’re just dead,” said Raul picking some gunk out of his toe nails. Helga’s heart raced.  “Dead!? How could I be dead?! There are so many things I wanted to do! I mean, I’m so young! I have so many questions.” Helga looked at Raul expectantly.
     Out of nowhere a large orange fluorescent fish jumped out of the liquid and over the boat.  Both of their eyes followed it.  Another one, this time pink jumped and Raul caught the fish in midair surprising only Helga.  
     “Now, I understand that you may have some questions about your death.  That’s only natural, but that’s not really what I want to talk about.” Raul took a ravenous bite out of the bright pink fish and gulped it down greedily. “Well what do you want to talk about then?” Helga squirmed to the side trying not to get any of the flying fish entrails on her. Raul took another bite and swallowed it just as quickly.
     “I want to talk about my uncle Henry.” Helga was starting to get annoyed and crossed her arms defiantly. “Look, I don’t mean to be rude or anything, but I just died and I DON’T CARE ABOUT YOUR UNCLE HENRY!” 
     Raul stopped short just as he was going for another bite.  “Now that’s not very nice,” he said waving the strange bleeding fish at her like he was a teacher pointing a ruler. “The way that I look at it, you don’t really have a choice.  We can either talk about my uncle Henry, or we can sit in this boat in complete silence. The choice is really yours.” Raul took another bite.
     “You want some?” Helga made the same face she would have had Raul asked her to marry him.  “Well don’t get all bent up about it… its strawberry shortcake flavored.”  Helga reluctantly stuck her tongue out and sampled the strange oozing fish.  To her surprise he was right.  It was sweet and sticky just like strawberry shortcake with whipped cream on top.
     She grabbed the fish and took a full sweet delicious chunk into her mouth. “Alright, why don’t you tell me about your uncle then?” She said continuing to sample the strange new cuisine.
     Raul’s face suddenly lit up with a smile against the backsplash of purple created by the odd glowing stalactites hanging from the ceiling of the dark cavern.  “My Uncle Henry was very unhappy in life.  All he ever wanted in the world was to be a pro wrestler named the Peruvian Pancake.” Helga thought this was strange and was not entirely sure they even serve pancakes in Peru, but considering her circumstances she just blinked twice and continued eating her strawberry fish.
     “Poor old Henry though was a bit of a weenie.  He didn’t weigh much; not nearly enough to become the Peruvian Pancake anyway.  His parents grew impatient with his dreams and convinced him to become,” Raul shook his head and sighed with disgust, “a dentist.” Raul grew emotional and rubbed his eyes with his giant meaty hands. “So he spends his entire young adult life in dental school, instead of taking the vitamins and weight training classes to achieve his dreams. He spent his nights obsessing over tooth decay and crowns.”
     Helga was starting to wonder if this was going anywhere.  She finished the fish down to the bone and pondered to herself if the bones tasted like strawberry too, but decided against trying to eat them just in case.  She wasn’t really sure where to put the remains, so like a guilty dog going to the bathroom on a lawn it shouldn’t she snuck the fish bones gently back into the water, hoping that Raul would be too caught up in his story to notice; she looked back up and saw him gesturing wildly, indication that he most certainly was preoccupied.
     “What happened?” Helga feigned interest.  “I’m very sorry to tell you that this story does not have a happy end,” Raul sighed again with a heavy heart, “He got his degree and opened his own dental office.”  Helga fought with herself not to ask, but her curiosity got the better of her, “What happened then?”
     “Well what do you think happened? Geez! Seriously when we get to shore you might want to get the head examined.” Raul looked at her like she was a small child making a scene in a crowded mall. “The same thing happened to poor Henry that happens to all dentists.  He went absolutely crazy.” Helga nodded in agreement, after acknowledging the fact that every dentist she had ever known was a little wacky.  “He came into his office one day wearing his spandex wresting costume with a giant ceramic tooth strapped on his head like a helmet.  He started clotheslining and tackling patients to the ground screaming about how he was going to rid the world of plaque and gingivitis.”
     A smaller neon green fish launched itself over the boat and Raul snatched it up with ease.  “Unfortunately for poor Henry one of his patients that day was in fact a professional wrestler with all the benefits of proper vitamin supplements and weight training classes. She suplexed him right on that ceramic tooth covered noggin sending poor Henry to and early grave. Ironically, her name wrestling name was “Salina the Savior.” Although, I suppose in one sense he was saved. ”
     Raul took one small bite of the bright green fish and immediately spit it out cough and dry heaving into the lagoon.  “What’s wrong?!” Helga said with sudden alarm. “That one tasted like cantaloupe,” said Raul as he wiped his mouth with utter disgust.  “I hate cantaloupe.” Raul tossed the fish back into the liquid with forceful anger killing the already terrified fish on impact. 
     “What happened to Henry after though? I mean if he’s dead he should be here then shouldn’t he?” Helga watched the sad dead cantaloupe fish wondering if some afterlife sea creature would take advantage of this easy meal.  As she suspected, no such creature ever came to snatch the easy meal up because of its terrible flavor.  
     “Of course he’s here,” Raul smacked his lips a few times, “After Uncle Henry died he went to work assignment, like everyone does.  Well, they really don’t score people who worked as dentists too high on the work assignment test, as you can probably imagine.  Poor bugger, they offered for him to either be a dentist for eternity in the afterlife, or to spend the rest of his miserable existence as a slave positioned as a human bench.  Naturally he chose to be a human bench.” 
     This caused a flurry of ideas to go through Helga’s head.  What is work assignment? What if she were assigned to be a human bench, or even worse; a dentist?  Her thoughts were immediately interrupted by the head of a wispy old sickly looking man out from underneath Raul.  “Hello! My name’s Henry!” The frail old man let out with all of his strength as Helga noticed his arms shaking while he supported the massive weight of Raul.  
     Helga screamed and fell of her seat, which was made out of wood instead of a person. “Stop that,” said Raul sternly splashing some of the liquid at her reprehensibly.  “I’m sorry it’s just… Henry. Are you alright?” Helga had some genuine concerns about the long term safety of the position that Henry was forced into in what was apparently his new occupation.   
     “Of course he’s all right.  He’s better than all right, now that he’s no longer a dentist.  That is to say at least he was until you came along and started distracting him from his job.  You wouldn’t walk up to a crane operator and start screaming while he is trying to demolish a building would you?” Helga thought about this for a moment because if the building that he was demolishing was her house she absolutely would, however she did understand the point that supporting the immense amount of weight that is Raul on poor Henry’s back for hours on end would take intense concentration. Still, she was compelled to reach out to the tortured soul.
     “Henry! You can’t realistically be a chair for the rest of your life.” Helga shouted out ignoring the glares from Raul.  “What did she say?” Henry suddenly looked frantic as if he had made some startling discovery. “Now hush up you! It’s a living.” Raul plopped down a few times to get comfortable as Henry was now shaking his head wildly about. “Chair! Chair! NOT THE DENTIST CHAIR!”
     Henry shot up like a cannon sending Raul flying feet away from the boat into the ooze along with the oar and a crate that probably contained more little birds.  Raul screamed with rage as Henry started jerking around frantically looking for an exit to the boat. “The lights! These are the same lights that they use in the dentist chair I know it!” 
     Henry suddenly turned towards Helga from the other end of the boat and cocked his head to the side.  He started crawling towards her on all fours like and animal chanting almost ritualistically to himself. “Are you the patient? Because I won’t do it. No. Won’t do it.  Won’t do it.  Won’t do it.” He got close enough for Helga to feel his hot raspy breath on her face. 
     “Alright let’s see what we have going on today.” As Helga shrieked, her mouth gaping, Henry placed his hand on it to inspect inside. “No, no, no… they’ll all have to come out,” said Henry in a gruff low voice that sounded very serious.  Helga pulled away just as Henry moved his fingers to clasp at her teeth, when out of all of a sudden there were two loud ear-deafening crashes.
Chapter 2
     Henry went overboard with a large splash.  Raul had knocked him sideways with the oar that had fallen in the water and now was getting into the tiny boat with a great deal of difficulty.  He began muttering curses under his breath, wringing out his long illustrious braids as if they were a wet dish rag.  
     He pulled out a fresh pair of birds and they quickly got to work elevating his hair above his broad shoulders.  “I told you not to talk to Henry,” Raul said pointing a stern finger at Helga.  She felt some guilt for the entire ordeal and was silent for a moment before simply saying, “Yes you did.”  Raul grabbed Henry’s body which was floating near the boat by the cuff of his shirt.  He dropped him down carelessly where Raul was sitting previously and he let out a painful squeal.
     “He’s not dead is he?” Helga felt bad for the feeble old man even if he was just trying to rip her teeth out a moment ago.  “Ding-nut, he’s dead already,” Raul said squatting down on his back again to the noise of crunching.  “Gahhhhh!” Henry squirmed around underneath Raul and he bopped him on the head so he stopped moving.  “Even if he were dead he could still do his job, couldn’t he?”
     There were murmurs off in the distance and the end of the cave began to open up, as the purple light of the cave bled out into an eerie blood red.  As they got further outside the cave, Helga saw the stalks of giant black trees shooting high into the deep red sky.  There were several strange figures in the distance crowded around a series of carts.  The carts looked like old wagon carriages with lit colored paper lanterns surrounding the tops and bottoms of each.  At the end of each carriage was a tiny sickly looking pony that was headed by a driver who had another driver looking down at them, whip in hand.  
     They exited the boat onto the black sand, and headed towards the carriage.  Raul stopped short and said, “Go over to number twenty-two.”  Helga looked back at Raul who was now back sitting back on top of a very unsupportive Henry.  She had some panic in her voice, “How do I know which one is number twenty-two?!” Raul grabbed his forehead with his right hand in disbelief before slamming it down onto poor Henry’s head. “It’s the one with the giant twenty-two on it!” Helga looked back at the carts which were, to her surprise, labeled with giant golden numbers that she had previously missed.  She walked over to the one labeled twenty-two.
     There was a cloaked figure standing outside the cart.  The stranger was holding an old leather bound book and a quill, with what appeared to be a pair of modified blue-grey flippers that had thin fingers grey fingers poking out at the end. “Name?” The creature with a scraggly voice shuffled back and forth as it spoke.  Helga was terrified, “Helga Reifschneider sir… ummm… ma’am? Ummm… sir? you see I’m just not quite sure how to address you.”  The creature sighed loudly, “Don’t address me.  How am I supposed to know how to spell a horribly long last name like that?” Helga wasn’t quite sure if she supposed to respond or not, so she shrugged her shoulders awkwardly and made a noise that only a sick cat might be able to duplicate.
     The creature started writing out Helga on a piece of paper that read “Afterlife Work Verification Ticket.” It began attempting to write out the rest of her name, but the flipper hands and difficulty of her last name caused the book to wobble and fall to the ground. The creature sighed again loudly and bent down to pick everything up, causing the hood to fall off to the side.  Helga screamed.
     “That’s right, just let it out,” the creature stared at her, clearly not amused.  “Why do you think I have to wear this itchy thing anyway? Because humans like you jump at everything.  You’re like little screaming chickens running around clucking away.” The creature had blue gray skin all along his face and whiskers that came off of a black dog-like nose.” Helga couldn’t stop staring. “Hey! You want something to really stare at?” The creature was clearly fed up with Helga and slammed the book back down on the ground.
     Helga was not entirely sure if she was about to be beat up or not, so she continued to scream, but backed out of the way.  The creature reached into his pocket and pulled out a glowing red ball.  He threw the ball into the lagoon near the boat she just left where Raul was dozing off.  He then blew a kiss at Helga who stopped screaming and just stared in complete awe of whatever was about to happen.  The creature dropped to the ground and squirmed out of his robe.  He then propelled himself towards the boat with his flippers.  Once he was there he stopped and used his flipper hands to shoot himself high into the air.  He came down with a large splash that left Raul none too pleased, but seemed to perk up Henry a bit.  He then popped out, flipped the little ball onto the tip of his nose, propped himself up on top of the goo and clapped his flippers together like a seal. 
     “What is Gerard doing down there?” Helga was so caught up in the seal man’s performance she didn’t even notice the tall hulking woman standing right next to her.  In her hand she had a rope that was attached to a sickly looking man that was very pale and sobbing with dreadlocks.  The rope had been circled around him several hundred times and formed a sort of corset that also kept his arms in place with his little fingers sticking out of the top.  The seal man named Gerard came back up to the cart.
     “Gerard if you’re quite done showing off I would like to be able to do my job,” said the woman with giant gaged earrings.  The gages were as big as a pizza and there was a tiny monkey-like creature with red eyes that kept swinging through the holes and crawling across her shoulders.   It was mesmerizing to watch and Helga kept her focus on this for a while so that she had time to process.  “Jenny, I wasn’t showing off.  This human had never seen a Selkie before and started screaming her head off like I haven’t got one,” said Gerard putting the robe back on clumsily.
     “They never see anything except humans before they get here, you know that and yet you act like someone’s discovered the recipe for a really good cobb salad every time one of them comes up to you surprised.”  Gerard looked embarrassed and shuffled his flipper like feet around.  “Do you have this one’s work ticket?” “Well, I started it, but she has an impossible last name.” Gerard opened the book to the ticket, which read “Helga Raat”.  The writing tapered off the page with a long line where he dropped it.
     “Helga Raat? Like the disgusting sewer animal… I guess I can kind of see the resemblance,” said Jenny with genuine interest.  Helga decided to stand up for herself, “It’s Helga Reifschneider actually.” “Close enough,” said Jenny, “the monkey-like creature did a flying leap through her right gauge and landed on the book.  He ripped off the ticket and jumped down in front of Helga with a bow presenting the certificate as if it were a wedding ring.  Helga took the certificate in her hand and placed it in the inside pocket of her blazer, which was oddly completely clean and dry.  She patted down the rest of her clothes in bewilderment.    
     “And what about uhh… that one?” Gerard pointed to the tied up man who was still sobbing and shaking.  He jumped back from Gerard like he was going to eat him and Jenny tugged on the rope hard causing him to fall to the ground.  Then he started rolling around on the ground and chanted psychotically, “Stop, drop and roll… Stop, drop and roll.” “I wouldn’t even bother asking him to be honest.  It took me four hours just to get him here and he hasn’t stopped crying since.  He kept thinking little Peanut here was going to eat him.  Peanut swung around Jenny’s gauge playfully and catapulted himself at the man who currently looked like a hotdog on a roller.  He instantly stopped and started sobbing even more hysterically.  
     Peanut took notice of this and started licking his tears up. “He’s starting… thi- uhhh… this is the end for me.” The man flinched as Jenny grabbed Peanut off of him. “He just likes the salt… don’t you Peanut?” Peanut hopped back on Jenny’s shoulder and resumed his acrobatic routine. “Just write Meat Sack for her name,” Jenny pointed at the book impatiently.  “What are you talking about?” Gerard looked bewildered.  “First name meat, last name sack… what is so difficult about that?” Gerard reluctantly wrote it in the book and Peanut jumped down snatching it eagerly.  He then hopped on top of the man now referred to as Meat and shoved the paper in his mouth gagging him. 
     Peanut jumped back onto Jenny and she started to walk away. “Just where do you think you’re going?” Gerard chucked the book to the side.  “I don’t have time to go with him, I have six more cases and I’m already behind.” Jenny started to walk away again.  “You know the rules.  If they’re difficult cases you have to accompany them to the Metropolis. Especially since his case manager Wendell is such a puny little thing.”  
     Jenny started to wind up the rope, clearly upset, but not nearly as upset as Meat who was being dragged closer to the cart.  “Let’s go!” Jenny started taking her aggression out on the man by dragging him in quick jerking movements. 
     The door to the cart suddenly swung open catching everyone by surprise.  Standing in the doorway was a tall handsome man.  The man was wearing tight leather pants and a belt with unique tribal-like symbols carved into it.  He had a blonde faux hawk that was buzzed on the sides and he was covered in jewelry.  His shirt was black mesh and you could see his muscled body underneath. He folded his arms annoyed. “What’s the hold-up?”
     “There isn’t any Wesley, we were just leaving,” said Jenny, and with a few more forceful tugs she managed to chuck Meat into the cart.  “Oooohh… He looks fun.” “Yeah he was a real barrel of laughs on the way here,” Jenny stomped into the cart.  “Is she mine then?” Wesley looked at Helga and winked.  Gerard just nodded. “I keep telling corporate to stop giving me all these homeless people.  I mean look at her clothes. She looks like she’s straight out of an 18th century German orphanage. What’s her name?” “Helga,” said Gerard. “Perfect. Sounds about right.” 
     Wesley slapped Gerard on the back playfully.  Unfortunately for Gerard, he has bad balance and fell flat on his face.  “Wow, you really have to work on your balance.  You just fell flat on your face,” said Wesley pointing out the obvious.  Gerard said something, but it wasn’t audible because he was busy sampling the flavor of the ground. 
     “Let’s go Brumhilda or whatever your name was,” Wesley said laughing to himself as he headed into the cart.  “It’s Helga.” They both had a seat next to one another on the small wooden bench.  “Maybe I would have been better off being a case manager for Meat there.” Meat was smashing his head repeatedly against the corner of the cart like he was beating a drum.  The cart started to move and Helga leaned against the corner opposite meat and closed her eyes.  She let the events of the past few hours float away as she dozed off, hoping that this was only a dream.  If not, if she was really dead, she wondered how she might have died and how she was going to adapt to this crazy place.
Chapter 3
     “Wake up!” Helga woke up to a burgundy loafer in her face tapping away on her noggin like someone was knocking at a door.  The loafer was on the foot of Wesley who was smiling at her playfully.  She noticed his long legs extending all the way from the other side of the cart.  “You know that horrible cliché expression about being able to sleep when you’re dead?” Wesley had a smirk on his face.  Helga yawned widely and nodded.  “They lied.  We have so much to go over and I’m going to need you wide awake and paying attention.  Here have some coffee.”
      Wesley handed her a cup of coffee. “No, I don’t drink coffee, my parents won’t let me.”  “You poor thing abandoned and neglected,” Wesley tapped her lovingly on the shoulder.  “They have coffee in the afterlife?” Helga was excited to finally get some answers to the thousands of questions that were running through her head. “Of course they have coffee in the afterlife.  This isn’t some sort of human cartoon where a man with fiery red horns ties you to a board and forces you to drink only decaf coffee for eternity,” Jenny snorted with laughter.
     “So it’s true then? I’m dead.  Is this is heaven or hell?  If its hell I thought there would be a lot more telemarketers.”  Jenny snorted again and Wesley shot her a dirty look.  “What? I’m not laughing at her, I’m laughing at mine.  They both looked over at Meat, who was drooling and whose fingers were twitching as if he were giving some invisible puppy a back massage.  “It’s not heaven or hell, not the way you think of it anyway.  It’s just the afterlife.”  Wesley took another sip of his coffee.   Peanut took notice of this and hopped over with his big eyes staring longingly at Wesley.
     “Here, you can have the girl’s,” he said handing Peanut Helga’s cup of coffee which he grabbed greedily.  Peanut ran over to the corner and started sucking it down like a hungry baby that hadn’t had a bottle in days.  “Why are there so many different… ummm,” Helga did not want to offend anyone by saying the wrong thing, but before she could word it Wesley finished her sentence. “Creatures? You imagine all of the souls of earth going to two different places after they die right?” Helga nodded while playing with her pigtails.  She was never overly religious, but spent a good deal of time in Sunday school and knew the basics. “Well, think of it like this- the universe and the different planes of the universe are massive.  When life leaves those bodies their souls all converge in one place, this one.”  
     The driver was speeding up now.  Helga watched as the gnome driver on the higher seat that whipped the man on the elf on the lower seat.  The sole purpose of the elf driver on the lower seat was to provide comforting words, encouragement and petting the tiny pony that was driving the cart while enduring the pain inflicted by the sadistic gnome sitting above him.  The whole operation was very bizarre to Helga and sounded something like, “There, there little guy.  Keep going you’re doing such a good job! Such a good little pony! You’re going to get a sugar cu- AHHHH! MY BACK! I’M BLEEDING! That’s right you just keep trotting you good boy!”  
     Despite the disturbing noises outside the cart Wesley continued on, “It is important to understand that there is no good and evil here.  There are, however, two factions that allow our world to run smoothly led by different women.  The first school of thought contains followers that are advocates for art, music, theatre, dance and all things creative.  It focuses on expression of the human soul, and it is led by a woman known only as the Goddess.  She is an infinitely beautiful and kind woman that takes pity on those in need.  She tries to full the world with color and passion.” 
Wesley was spinning one of the rings on his finger that had a deep green stone on it. “The other school of thought is one of business, economic progress and practicality.  It serves the basic practical needs of the afterlife and heads most of the operational policies and procedures around here.  The woman that heads it is known as the Boss.  She can be a bit harsh, but keeps things running smoothly.  Both are needed for the success of our world and we could not function without the balance of both.”
     “Are we almost there? I have to use the bathroom,” said a high-pitched voice that was coming from the direction of Meat, but was far too coherent a thought to be Meat.  A specimen popped   out that looked almost like a baby, except for giant eyes, which were contained by thick spectacles and a large bulbous veiny head.  Helga and Peanut both stared in amazement. “Wendell, I haven’t heard a peep out of you the entire trip,” said Wesley.  “Yes, I’ve been trying to lay low so that I could avoid waking this one, but my bladder is about to burst like an overripe tomato.” 
     “Well, I think maybe you should just sit tight and stop complaining.  After all, I did transport your case all the way here by myself,” said Jenny narrowing her eyes. He looked puzzled as some of the veins on his head pulsated. “Everyone calm down. Look, you can see the Metropolis from here,” Wesley said watching poking his head out the window.  Helga peered out of the side of the cart at the Metropolis.
     The sky had cleared into a light blue peppered with puffy cream colored clouds.  The city was a strange mix of exactly what Wesley had just described, the clash of the two different schools of thought.  There were some buildings that were entirely colorless, symmetrical with no décor or distinguishable features.  Running between these buildings was a fantastic bright neon pink street.  Sculptures of beautiful feminine creatures, mermaids, nymphs, fairies and sprites interrupted the flow of the uniform walkways.  There were giant curvy trees that seemed to be made out of colored glass and metallic human size flowers that looped and swerved imperfectly.
     Even more amazing than the artwork that gave life to the streets were the living organisms crowding them.  There were incredible beasts that Helga could have never imagined in her entire life.  There were creatures that looked like giant purple lady bugs with a more human-like shape. There were creatures that looked like giant dragonflies and fairies floating through the sky interrupting a very structured line of tiny planes.  Beings that appeared like mutated peacocks and giant elephant sized sloth creatures made their way slowly through the crowd.  There were kiosks and carts everywhere with strange animals selling their even stranger products and food.  The smell of delicious roasted meats and sweet smelling pastries perfumed the air.  
     The cart stopped and the party got out of the cart onto the neon pink street with some degree of difficulty.  Jenny had to drag meat out with the rope, and he started to get riled again.  Directly in front of the gate was a massive sixty foot high gateway with a tiny podium off the side.  Half of the gate looked like a very standard black cheap metal.  The right side was made of beautiful silver with pink and yellow jeweled flowers coming out at odd bits that twisted just like vines.  That side of the big gate ended on an even bigger statue of what had to be what Wesley described as the Goddess.  
     Her statue had the same bright colors as parts of the city and she had a large jeweled pink gown, big pumped up blonde hair and a giant yellow flower in it.  There was a large red garnet necklace among several others and several statue sized bracelets. Where her face should be though there was just a massive mirror reflecting the bright light back out.  
     On the opposite side the Boss’s statue stood in all black.  There was a set of giant arched eyebrows; thin sharpened teeth hung like giant icicles from her wide mouth.  She was wearing a pants suit and her hair was pulled back tight into a bun.  Helga realized this was the same deity she saw on the boat that she knocked into the water what seemed like ages ago.
     “Why doesn’t she have a face?” Helga tugged on Wesley’s mesh shirt like a little kid asking for candy. “The Goddess rarely shows her face in public… she knows that beauty means something different to everyone.  She’s said that if she showed her face everywhere then people would use it as a measure for beauty.  She just wants people to define beauty for themselves.”  Helga was skeptical that someone who had a giant sixty foot statue of themselves had no interest in being adored, but she was much more distracted by what was happening in front of her.  
     Jenny was at the podium checking everyone in with what appeared to be a talking frog.  “Well this is a lively bunch isn’t it,” said the frog in a high pitched puppet-like voice with a ribbit that may have also been a laugh.  “What’s this one’s name?” “Meat Sack,” said Jenny with a small grin. “Meat Sack? Ehh? I hope it’s not another one of those loathsome art school students completely obsessed with avant-garde poetry is it? Yuck.” The frog looked at Meat Sack with a good measure of disgust as the poor soul rocked back and forth simmering and recited the ABCs.  
     “You got him all wrapped up then do you? Or has he done that to himself as some sort of stupid artistic statement on how the government binds its citizens. I really hate those artsy twerps.” The frog looked at Meat and pointed accusingly, “Here’s a newsflash for you little sir human sculpture.  GET A JOB AND TAKE A BATH!” Meat suddenly noticed that the frog was point and yelling at him and it was like cranking the heat on a pot of already boiling water. Meat had boiled over.   Meat was done.  
     Meat jumped up off the ground without the use of his arms and screeched like a thirsty harpy.  He attached the end of his rope to one of the wheels of the wagon and started twirling around until Meat was completely unwrapped.  “You, all of you are going to pay for what you’ve done to me!” Everyone looked around completely puzzled by this.  Jenny seemed annoyed, “What do you mean what we’ve done to you?” “You know exactly what! You kidnapped me so you can butcher me and feed me to that thing!” He pointed indicatively at Peanut who grew excited thinking he wanted to play.  “Peanut likes you Meat.  I would even go so far as saying Peanut loves Meat,” Jenny said looking back with the general acknowledgement of the group.
     Peanut jumped after him trying to lick his face again and he screamed bloody murder.  The commotion cause two strange nearby creatures to come running out of the woods.  One looked like an upright wooly mammoth with a set of hairy fingers and the other seemed to be some sort of Bear.  Both were wearing a dark tunic and grabbed Meat and dragging him back off into the woods.  “Where are they taking him?” Helga stared in disbelief.  “Who knows? They might eat him.  Something tells me that he wouldn’t adjust well anyway.  There was something rotten about Meat,” Jenny said casually hopping back into the cart.
     “Well, makes my job a lot easier,” said Wendell brushing his hands together and rubbing his pulsating dome.  He yawned loudly and stretched before returning to the interior of the cart.  “We just got here.  We’re leaving already?” Helga looked longingly at the riveting rainbow colored city.  Wesley smirked, “Of course not, we’re going in.”  
Chapter 4
     Once Helga was inside the city, everything seemed even more vivid.  The polychromatic artwork and aromatic smells overwhelmed her senses.  They walked a few minutes along the bright pink pathway and turned down an alley that was void of life.  It was the fanciest looking alley that Helga had ever seen.  There was a solid vivid tangerine wall with large full body mirrors outlined in silver floral frames that seemed to match the right side of the front gate to the city.  “Now let’s take a look at you before your work assignment interview.” 
     It was the first time Helga was able to really look at herself since she had died.  It really was no different than what she looked like in life.  There was no dead flesh, and she did not become some sort of weird moss covered zombie, which slightly disappointed her, as she thought it might be a bit fun to walk around and devour the flesh of those who had wronged her in life.  Who had wronged her in life? Why was she dead? Every time she tried to think back on the details of her life it was foggy, like a steamed up window; she felt the answers were there just beyond her reach.
     “What’s wrong with this picture?”  Wesley said studying her features intensely. “I’m really not sure,” Helga blinked.  There didn’t appear to be anything wrong.  She was wearing a pair of acid-washed jeans and flats and had her hair in pigtails.  She had on a teal turtle neck and had thick eyeliner on stretching out past her eye, like she imagined Cleopatra might wear.  She kept looking, he stomach bulged out of the turtleneck at the bottom and she started noticing her muffin top bunching over.  She was thankful her arms did not show.  She hated the way her fat swung from her arms like a pair of wings.
     “My fat,” said Helga suddenly serious with some deep shame.  It had always been a source of pain and frustration for her.  Helga thought hard and remembered that kids used to torment her in school over her weight.  She would always eat by herself in the bathroom at school because there was a group of kids that would come by everyday making pig noises while she ate.  Helga began to cry as the memories of her torment came flooding back. “My body.  My fat.  My ugly fat body.” Helga began tugging on her body and repeating the words as if she could pull it all off by force.  
     “That is enough! You stop that right now!” Wesley suddenly became savage, but his eyes were sympathetic and had soaked in Helga’s pain like a sponge. “You listen to me. Listen…  There will never be anyone as beautiful as you. You have to know that and own it.  You have to learn to love your body and yourself before you can hope to make any impact in this world.  If anyone, ANYONE, ever tries to make you feel less than them for being your own gorgeous sassy self, then you shine bright happy positive energy right back at them until they’re blind and drowning in their own pool of negativity. No one except you has the power to make you feel ugly, and one day that thing about you that makes you different from them is what will give you the creative energy to make a difference in this world.  Remember that.”
     Helga sobbed.  It was the nicest thing anyone had ever said to her before.  After a few minutes of crying and just holding onto Wesley mesh shirt way too tightly, making the holes even bigger, she composed herself.  “Now look back in the mirror and tell me what is wrong,” said Wesley observing the damage she had just done to his shirt.  Helga stared back for a moment and recognized it instantly.  “My outfit… but where am I going to buy new clothes? I don’t know where anything is around here and even if I did I don’t have any money.”
     “Yes you do.  Everyone comes into this world with a bag of money.  It’s in your pocket, but it won’t be necessary.”  Helga reached in her pocket and noticed the small leather drawstring pouch.  There were thirty different colored glowing marbles. “The pink ones are worth the most.  One pink is worth twenty purples.  One purple is worth twenty yellows.  One yellow twenty greens and one green is worth twenty blues.” Helga’s head was spinning, she didn’t like math, but she wished everyone was born into life with a large sum of money.  It would make things a lot fairer.  
     “Like I said though, you won’t need it.  I’ve got this.” He held up a necklace with a magenta stone that was shaped like a woman’s silhouette standing with one foot forward.  Helga was a bit disappointed, “As much as I like the necklace I don’t think it goes with the turtle neck.”  
     “This isn’t for you.  It’s not just a necklace,” Helga crossed her arms perplexed at the jewelry, “It’s something much more rare and valuable.  It’s a token.” “Well what does it do?” Wesley winked playfully at Helga.  To her surprise, his outfit transformed slowly melting outward until it became a stunning red and white polka dotted suit.  “That’s amazing!” Helga’s mouth fell open and Wesley touched her chin reminding her to close it.  “Now let’s figure out what we’re going to do with you.”  The both looked in the mirror together.  
     “I think your hair needs a bit of volume,” Helga watched as her hair transformed so that the back formed a huge crescent with little curls at the top evenly spaced like jewels on top of a crown.  “And a gown.” Helga’s jeans clothes transformed into an eloquent shiny sequin red gown with rouging on the sides of the hips. On the shoulders of the gown were two big circles of golden fabric that were folded to look like roses.  “And just for luck I’m going to give you this too.” 
     Wesley picked through the myriad of necklaces that rested on his chest and grabbed one that looked like a miniature bronzed parrot skull.  He placed the necklace on Helga.  “It’s another token… a special one, but this one only has a certain charge so you want to make sure when you use it you really need it.  With it, you can change people’s moods.  Just focus on the person whose mood you’re trying to change and inject the emotion by feeling it yourself.” Helga twirled the necklace around admiring it. “It should come in handy at your job placement interview.  You want to make sure that goes well or you could end up working as a slave,” Wesley said sternly with a solemn pursed lip.
     “Slave?!” The thought had not even crossed Helga’s mind.  She had noticed some large groups of workers in tattered clothes making their way through the streets when she had initially looked over the city, but there were so many other interesting things to look at that she did not even give it a second thought.  “Unfortunately yes, slaves make up about seventy percent of the population here.  They usually end up being from followers of the Goddess too, fairies, imps, dryads and water nymphs and those beings that are more prone to the arts.  There are very few creative positions here in the world and very few of the creatives make it into those positions.”
     Helga was panicking, what if she had to spend her entire afterlife as a slave? “Why are you doing all of this for me?  If these are so rare and valuable, why just give one to me?  I’ve done nothing for you.” Helga squeezed the necklace; she was grateful that even if she were dead, decency and kindness were not.  “I can’t describe it, but there’s something about you.  Something special that I can almost feel bursting out of you, and when you come across something like that you have to nurture it. Now, the building you want is right over there on the left and you’ll want the thirty-second floor. Just follow the signs. I have to go meet my next client, but you’ll do great.”
     Helga was not so sure.  Interviews and being well-spoken was never her strong suit, but at this point what choice did she have?  She walked out of the alley and gave Wesley a hug.  She watched him disappear into the sea of strange beings that flooded the streets and looked back at the direction she was supposed to be going.  
     Her eyes went immediately to a large building made almost entirely out of stained glass.  The structure looked similar to a church, but with larger more eloquent windows.  In one of the windows there was a giant mural depiction of the four elements being harnessed by different fairies.  There was a small sign by the entrance that read “Museum of Mythology.”  Helga had hoped the building might be the one that she was looking for, but her instincts told her that it was the one directly behind it made out of dull brown bricks and surrounded by dead shrubs.  A small cheap rusted metal sign hung outside the door that read “The Bureau of Work Assignment.” 
     Helga walked over to the door and took a deep breath calming her chaotic nerves.  As she pulled on the tattered wooden door, the economy grade plastic handle ripped right out of the door.  Helga jammed her foot into it, just as it was slamming back and causing her to shriek. Her leg filled with splinters, as pain jutted all the way up her body.  She hobbled clumsily into the building.  There was a hideous looking troll that was sitting at a chair and desk that was ten times too small for it.  Helga took another step and realized she must have twisted something. As pain continued to shoot out her leg, she yelped with each step towards the angry looking troll woman.
     “SHHHHHH!”  The angry troll screamed as she adjusted her thin messy hair that looked like a dirty mop sitting atop a “state fair winning” gourd.  The troll tapped a tiny poorly misspelled handwritten sign that read, “Silens in the lobi.” Helga paused a moment trying to not to gasp with each step, but only managed to gasp quieter as she limped unsteadily closer to the desk.  With each step, as Helga made a quiet muffled scream, the Troll loudly yelled “SHHH!”  The troll grew more irate as she came closer.  The noise between the two created a looped repeating ditty that sounded something like, “ahgmm… SHHHARAGHHHHHHHHHH!!!” 
     Finally, after what seemed like a century, Helga made it to the desk did her best to smile at the highly annoyed Troll. Helga developed the notion that the troll may have been better suited for a job as a librarian. “What’s your name?” Helga held her leg in pain as the troll let out another loud, “SHHHHHHHH!” The troll tapped the “Silens in the lobi” sign again and tapped her own handwritten nametag “PEGGY”.  After Helga noticed that the second G was backwards and the Y so far sideways that it was almost off of the tag, it became apparent who came up with the other sign.
     “Ah, Peggy where is the elevator?” Helga asked starting to get fed up with Peggy.  Peggy let out the loudest “SHHHH!” yet and started slamming down on her desk with so much force that the building shook. Peggy took a deep breath and adjusted the hair out of her face before pointing to a set of low-end worn wooden steps that curved around.  
     Helga decided that it was best not to ask if there was no elevator as she would probably just get an earful of “Shhh”.  She also thought that based on what she’s seen so far, the building’s owners were probably too stingy to shell out the extra money for an elevator.  She began her draining journey to the thirty-second floor.
     Helga was determined to make Wesley proud, so she climbed each step fearlessly stumbling the whole way until she reached her destination.  She turned the slightly more expensive plastic handle and was confronted with another receptionist.  This time it was a talking baboon wearing a very cheap looking “car salesman-style” suit with hair slicked back with way too much gel.  Helga took a moment of triumph to catch her breath and wiped some of the sweat from her brow, suddenly realizing she looked much less prepared for a job interview than when she first opened the shoddy door to the shoddy building. 
     Still, Helga had made it and she sighed loudly, “Hello, I’m here for my work assignment interview.”  The baboon combed his hair back a few times leaving a long awkward silence.  “Did you sign in?” The baboon’s spoke with a thin nasal voice. “No, I must have missed that.” The baboon clucked his tongue against the roof of his mouth disapprovingly a few times, before combing his hair again, “Well, how do I know that you’re here if you didn’t sign in at the front desk?” 
     Helga did her best to maintain her composure and struggled a little closer to the baboon’s desk.  She cocked her head trying to stay calm, “You know that I’m here because I’m standing directly in front of you.” “I’m sorry, but rules are rules and you’ll just have go back down and sign in.  This is an official government office and we have procedures that must be followed.  Can you imagine if we just let everyone walk in without signing in? People would think their government is being run by a bunch of baboons, so to speak.” The baboon giggled silently to himself. Helga didn’t know if he was just trying to make a bad joke, but she was too frustrated to care.  
     She used every ounce of patience to maintain her composure and simply said with far too big a smile, “OK THEN! I GUESS I’M GOING TO GO SIGN IN! BE BACK IN A JIFFY!” “You do that, I’ll be here doing very official, very procedural things.  It’s very “government” and I wouldn’t expect you to understand.” The baboon began picking and eating bugs off his body as Helga made the long frustrating trip down the stairs.  
     Once she got there, completely exhausted, she noticed that the troll was not there.  She was not sure where she had gone, but she was entirely grateful that she didn’t have to deal with the “Shh” police.  She collapsed onto the troll’s desk, which she soon discovered was a very bad idea as the troll had very pungent putrid odor that lingered and somehow seeped into the wood of the desk.  She quickly jumped back with her hands over her nose and saw the sign that said, “All persons must sine the sine in shoot.” While she couldn’t be completely sure because of the spelling, she was pretty sure that this was what she was looking for.  She wrote her name quickly and took another deep breath before starting upstairs.  
     By the time she got there, her leg was hurting so badly that she made it to the last step by crawling to the baboon’s desk a sweating disheveled mess.  She lay on the office ground a few moments and then got up by clinging onto the baboon’s desk as if it were a walker.  She stood there panting a few long slow deep breaths while the baboon was still picking bugs off of himself.  “I-  ah… I… signed in.” “Great, that’s just great,” said the baboon, “Do you have an appointment?” Helga’s mouth and eyebrows dropped as she glared at the baboon that wasn’t even looking at her. 
Chapter 5
     Helga suddenly remembered that she had the token that Wesley had given her earlier.  She held onto it gripping it tightly and focusing on the baboon.  She tried to think of what mood would be best. “Helpful.” Helga whispered trying to think of the best word to describe the opposite of what the baboon was being.  She thought of herself being kind and obliging and it must have worked because a moment later the baboon said, “Well, it looks like the other three O’clock canceled, so why don’t we just squeeze you in.  I’ll bring you right back to Maureen.”
     The baboon knocked on Maureen’s office and opened the door.  On the other side of the door was a giant razor billed very large hen creature named Maureen, with sun spots scattered across the rolls on her neck.  “This is your three o’clock Maureen,” said the baboon.  “I thought you said the three O’clock canceled?” Maureen clucked with confusion.  “Oh… I lied,” said the baboon casually and Maureen laughed as if it were the funniest thing she had ever heard.  Her whole body shook and her desk rattled as the baboon shut the door on Helga and Maureen.  Helga sat down as a few stray feathers floated in front of her face.  Maureen stopped laughing and snatched the feathers stuffing them into her blouse as if they were some sort of valuable trinket that she wanted to keep secret.
     “Work verification certificate,” said Maureen plainly pulling out a thick glass monocle.  Helga produced the certificate and Maureen inspected it for a few minutes as if she were reading over an important contract.  “Your name is Helga Raat?” Maureen gave a short cluck of disapproval. “It’s actually Maureen Reifschneider.  The man who filled it out didn’t take the time t-” Helga was cut short by Maureen’s giant left wing which was held up to silence her.  When she did this a few more feathers floated about, which she again stuffed in her blouse.  “I didn’t ask for your life story… just your name, which I will mention you happen to share with a disgusting sewer creature.  Did you know that?” Helga gave up on arguing and decided to play along, “No, I had no idea!”
     Maureen used the monocle to suspiciously inspect Helga’s outfit.  “Well you should consider changing it if you want to make a career for yourself here in the afterlife.  You have eternity to spend here and you don’t want to spend it as a human footstool or worse some sort of dental hygienist do you?” Helga shuddered at the thought, “No ma’am.”  “I thought not.  Well, let’s get some quick placement questions out of the way.” Maureen grabbed a clipboard with some paperwork.  “What type of toppings do you get on your baked potatoes?” Maureen gave an intense stare through the monocle.  Helga was confused, “Erhmm… I don’t know? Gravy and butter.” Maureen was writing feverishly on the clipboard for two minutes and the looked up again. 
     Maureen took a deep breath. “This next one is what we like to call a situational awareness question. If you were eating a baked potato and someone snatched it out of your hands, would you be very upset, somewhat upset, neutral, feel somewhat good, or feel very good?” Helga stared puzzled, “I’m not sure what any of this has to do with work assignment.”  “I’ll just put somewhat upset,” clucked Maureen. “Finally, If your boss turned into a baked potato and embezzled company money, would you be very likely to report it, somewhat likely to report it, neutral, somewhat unlikely to report it, or very unlikely to report it?” Helga started to scramble, "WAIT! What does any of this have to do with anything?  How would someone turn into a potato and how would that potato embezzle money? This makes no sense!” Maureen squawked loudly, “Bacawk! I’ll ask the questions around here missy.  Since you refuse to cooperate with the question I will just put very unlikely.”
     Helga was hyperventilating.  She didn’t want to seem uncooperative because then she might get slavery as a work assignment, then again if she didn’t answer the question correctly she might get it anyway.  She grasped onto her token and thought “Sympathetic.” The chicken pecked at the air, “Sympathetic? I don’t feel sympathy Ms. Raat.  I work for the government.” The token must not have enough charge, Wesley did mention that it would only work every once in a while.  “Now, based on the results of your work assignment interview.  I would say with confidence that you could comfortably work as a corn husker.
     Helga smiled at first because the answer wasn’t “Slavery,” but then thought deeper about it. “So I just husk corn?” “Yes, you will husk corn from dawn till dusk until your fingers bleed.”  Helga shuttered at the thought, “But what is the difference between that and slavery?” “Oh, you’ve got it pretty good.  Slaves have to do a variety of tasks including husking corn, but they have to wear these itchy burlap sacks! Except on casual Friday of course they wear polyester sacks.” Maureen winked at Helga like she had just handed her a winning lottery ticket.  “Also the position pays, but only slightly. We’re not running a charity here. Now here are your papers, report to this warehouse at 7 AM tomorrow morning.  
     Helga thought to herself that it was as good as she could have hoped for and started down the stairs.  Once she got to the bottom, she saw Peggy the troll reading what appeared to be a trashy celebrity magazine.  Then, unexpectedly, an elevator door opened to the right of her desk that Helga had not noticed before.  She stood there in disbelief watching Maureen get off the elevator collecting feathers as she walked past her.  Maureen stopped for a moment and turned back to Helga.  “Ms. Raat what are you still doing here?”  Helga said with some contempt, “I took the stairs,” through gritted teeth.  Maureen laughed and clucked to herself, “Now why would you do a silly thing like that?  The elevator works just fine.”  
     Helga felt blood fill her face as it became hot with rage.  “I tried to tell her that.   Maureen some people are just so busy yapping that they don’t listen,” said Peggy still poking through her tabloid magazine.  Helga cleared her throat loudly. “Is something the matter Ms. Raat?  That sounds like a nasty cough you’ve got there,” Maureen said looking concerned that she might have been a carrier for some deadly infectious disease.  Helga decided that it wasn’t worth it to point out that spelling was one of the least concerning of a multitude of shortcomings that Peggy possessed.  “Oh no! Must have just been all that yapping away I was doing! You know me, yappy! Yappy! Yappy!”  
     Helga stormed past Maureen slamming the cheap door to the cheap building causing the door to entirely unhinge and crash down.  Helga did not even turn around to see the loud crash of the destruction, which sent Maureen into such a tizzy that the office now looked like someone had a very spirited pillow fight.  As Maureen clucked and gathered feathers with the assistance of Peggy, stuffing them back into her clothing, she shouted after Helga who was long gone, “This is a professional government office young lady! MAINTAIN YOUR PROFESSIONALISM!”
Chapter 6
     Helga walked outside back to the alley where she had stopped with Wesley before.  She held onto a small sliver of hope that for some odd reason he might still be back in the alley.  Maybe he needed to do a quick outfit check before going to visit his next client, or maybe he had dropped so thing important there?  Unfortunately, when she got to the alley there was nothing except the mirrors hanging against the tangerine backdrop.  She inspected the ground of the alley praying that even if he was not there that maybe he dropped another token that might help her through this ordeal, but oddly enough the ground of the alley was clean enough to eat off of.  
     Helga looked through her paperwork and found not only the address and map of where she was supposed to report to work in the morning, but the address and map of where there was supposed to sleep.  Helga hadn't even given a second thought to sleep or really any semblance of normalcy since she had died, but just the prospect of sleep zapped the remaining energy out of her body.  She looked up and noticed how fabulous she looked again in the mirror, admiring the work that Wesley had done, but also becoming concerned about the practicality of husking corn all day wearing a lavish gown.
     She walked through the streets, until she reached a small kiosk that looked like it was selling some clothes that mildly resembled what she might wear in life.  She picked out a purple and black striped blouse with a matching messenger bag.  She also grabbed a pair of form fitting leather pants that she thought Wesley might be proud of.  The last thing she grabbed was a pair of very tall black leather boots.  She paid the wispy cheerful dwarf with a long white beard and extraordinarily large nose with the colored marbles from her pouch and continued onto the address listed on her paperwork.
     While she did not have any experience living on her own, Helga was an independent and strong-willed young girl that thought the best way of learning to do something was to simply do it.  She arrived at a building that looked as if it were carved out of a vast network of trees.  The roots and large jungle rainforest leaves intermingled into a bizarre chemistry of yellow tinted windows and carvings of happy children.  
     Helga walked into the impressive looking building through a large wooden door with an ornate handle carved into an image of the Boss statue.  The interior of the building was much less impressive than the exterior.  The first thing that blasted Helga in the face was the horrendous overpowering fluorescent lighting hanging from the ceiling.  The second thing that caught her attention was the water that she was wading through.  There was about an inch of water that was sitting on the peeling laminate flooring.  The source of the water was a series of giant holes in the ceiling between the cheap lighting fixtures.  
    At the back of the room was a rundown tacky looking sliding glass door with “Leasing Office” written in slightly better handwriting than Peggy had used.  Helga slowly approached it.  Two very strange looking characters turned around from watching daytime soap operas on a small television set behind them.  One was a very large merman with an overhanging belly and a tail that wash sloshing chaotically about through water on the floor.  The other was a thin tree-woman, whose roots, just like the roots of the exterior of the building, spread out almost the entire length of the office like a big mangrove tree.  “Hello,” said the merman in a gruff and grumbly voice as he was trying with great difficulty to maintain his balance.
     “Hello, I’m your new resident… my name is Helga.  I was hoping that I could get something with an open window.  I love watching the sunrise in the morning.” The merman stared at her for a moment, “Are you trying to be funny?”  “I don’t think she’s trying to be funny George,” said the tree lady batting the television off with her giant branch arm.  “All housing assignments are set by the Boss in accordance with efficiency and practicality.  You’re in unit 41G… no window.” Oh, ok… well I suppose I can just go to my apartment now then if you have the key?”
     “Slow down there missy, we have plenty of paperwork that needs to be filled out first here.” The merman scratched his huge bulbous belly, and then picked up a completely soaked stack of papers off of the floor.  There was some slight discoloration to the paper hinting that whatever ink was once on the paper had long since washed off.  “Read through all two hundred pages of this and sign on the dotted line on the last page when you’re done.” Helga hesitantly grabbed the stack of soggy papers and sat tried to make sense of them.
     “I can’t read any of this, the water washed away all of the ink….” “Oh, little miss difficult huh?” The merman said scratching his belly again with chagrin.  “I thought she said her name was Helga dear,” said the tree woman who had turned the television back on and was no longer paying attention to the interaction.  “If you’re so adamant on having another copy I can send for one from the Office of Printing Services, but it could take anywhere from 1-3 months and we don’t allow anyone into their apartment that doesn’t have a signed lease.  Also, that’s after I’ve sent in the requisition, which if I’m feeling generous could take me anywhere from 1-3 months on top of that,” the merman started squirming back around.  He turned back to watch the soap opera, which from what Helga could gather was starting to heat up with a spicy love quadrangle.  
     “How am I supposed to know what I am signing? Don’t I have a right to know what I am signing?” Helga stood defiantly with her hands on her hips.  “Oh, absolutely,” the Merman was rubbing his tummy as he watched the overdramatic dribble, “just know that if you want to read it then you’ll have to wait and you’re not moving in until it’s signed.”  Helga grabbed a pen out of a soggy paper cup that was beside the soggy papers in front of her and flipped to the back with some difficulty as the pages were sticking together.  She signed as best she could tearing through the paper  a few times.  “Here, keys please.” She said as the Merman seemed irked that his show was once again interrupted.  “Thanks,” he said flatly snatching the paper out of her hands, “There is still the matter of payment for your monthly rent though.”  Helga grabbed her leather pouch, “How much is it?” “How much have you got?” Helga held out the colored marbles thinking how unfortunate it was that she did not pay more attention when Wesley was explaining their worth.  “You’re in luck because that’s exactly how much it costs.”
     The man greedily snatched all of the marbles out of her hand before she had a chance to object.  He did it so fast and clumsily that he didn’t even notice one green marble fall into the water.  She bent down to pick it up pretending to tie the imaginary laces on her boots.  When she got up the grabbed the key and began kicking the water on the way to her room.  
     After about ten minutes of wading through disgusting dirty water and traversing an apartment building that looked like it might be more suitable for a low-budget horror film than a an actual place to live, she arrived at apartment 41G.  The interior of the room was just as dilapidated as the rest of the building and there were a few spots in the ceiling where the water came trickling in.  She lay down on the cold stiff mattress, wrapping herself in the gown that Wesley had given her.  Her stomach rumbled with pain and she wished she had bought something to eat before when she was out; when she had more than just the single green marble.  The room was empty apart from the cheap furniture, a bed and a small bathroom mirror that someone had left that was scratched with a scratch and sniff banana sticker on it.  She scratched the sticker again and again, letting the smell fill her nostrils and imagining it filling her stomach.  She adjusted the gown so that it covered her shivering body.  She watched herself in the small scratched up mirror and tried to find the beauty that Wesley had seen.  She drifted off to sleep, slowly holding onto herself as if she were holding a baby and rocking gently to sleep.  
     As she drifted away, she began to dream that she was soaring through the sky.  She floated gently through the clouds and through the trees.  She flew for miles and miles watching the other strange flying creatures with admiration, waving them on and laughing as she did twirls and tricks through the puffy wet clouds.  She kept going until she came upon a giant castle surrounded by a moat that was made up of the same substance in the lagoon that Helga had arrived in.  The castle was one of the most beautiful ornate buildings she had ever seen and made any of the buildings found in the city pale in comparison.  The castle was bright rainbow colored, but sparkled and shined like a giant sequin bead in the sun, which seemed to shine directly down on it as if it were being beamed into heaven.  There was a sweet aroma in the air coming from the massive fields of fruits and berries that surrounded the outside of the moat.  
     She felt herself floating down to the front of the castle where there were several sculptures of women of all different shapes and sizes.  Different creatures, gnomes, mermaids, dryads and fairies all of them colored as if they were alive and surrounding another large statue of the goddess.  In this statue she was wearing pink lace and a lightly rose colored bodice.  There was a big ornamental green back piece that looked like a shimmering leaf.  Her face had another the same signature mirror mask she always had.  As Helga stared up, craning her neck and feeling just like a tiny unspectacular ant being surrounded with so much beauty, she saw an even stronger ray of light flash down onto the statue.  
     The statue of the goddess sprung to life.  In a loud full voice she heard the goddess, “Soon… hold onto your beauty my child.” With the last word she started to remove the mask, which simply shined bright light abruptly in Helga’s face forcing her to bolt awake like someone had thrown cold water onto her face.  
     As she shot upwards, the light from her window reflected into the small bathroom mirror she had fallen asleep with and it shone right onto her forehead.  She wasn’t sure exactly what time it was, but she figured she had better head down to her start husking some corn.  Helga navigated the streets using the map provided in the packet.
     She arrived at a large warehouse surrounded by a cracked concrete parking lot in a more industrial and less romantic part of the city.  Street lights were dangling with cords sparking in a way that very much reminded Helga of her new apartment.  She walked over to a small red painted door that was chipped and peeling badly.  Helga turned a rusted door knob, which stuck briefly.  Directly on the other side of the door was a security checkpoint with a large doorframe metal detector.  A hideous goblin with warts all over his face hopped off of a stool that was way too big for him and scuffled over to Helga.  He wore a black floppy cap and had a matching black tunic that had “Corn Facility Security Inspector,” across it in large white lettering.  
     “Remove any metallic items and place them in the bin,” the goblin commanded with a glare.  Helga did so and stepped through the metal detector.  “Hold it right there!” The goblin came around and began huffing, as if just the possibility that there might be a security threat caused him breathing problems.  Helga thought in the back of her mind how simple it would be to overpower the goblin if she really did sort out some kind of corn related scheme.  
     The goblin swiped a glove shaped metal detector which beeped and swirled as it he ran it across her.  He came across some difficulty when trying to run the detector across her head as she was so much taller than him.  He did a few fruitless jumps that made him look like an old lady attempting to slam dunk a basketball. “I could pick you up if want,” Helga offered smiling. The goblin stared at her in silence completely offended by the earnest offering.  “Real funny! Pick me up!? I ought to pick you up and toss you right off of the top of the warehouse you cheeky little-” The goblin said a few things that Helga could not hear as he was muttering under his breath.  He grabbed his wooden stool forcefully and planted it beside her.  He climbed atop the stool and waved the glove around threateningly.  Then he hopped back off disappointed that she didn’t have any weapons and pushed the stool back in place.  “Do many people bring weapons here?”  “Oh, a lot more than you’d think… Not that you think much from the looks of you, but this station was created by the Boss’s request. She has security stations like this across all of her factories, just in case anybody decides they want to get bold…  Not that they’d get very far, at least not in here with me.”  The goblin spat on the floor in some failed attempt at machismo and crossed his arms in another failed attempt to look more menacing when in actuality he looked like a poorly made stuffed animal that you might get out of a claw machine around Halloween time.  
     She couldn’t help it.  Helga laughed at how ridiculous he looked and then covered her mouth trying to hide it.  The goblin scowled.  “Well, get a move on then.  Maggie will be looking for you over there.”  The goblin pointed to an office in the corner of the warehouse and she walked briskly towards it trying to contain any more outbursts at the sad weak creature patrolling the door.  
     Helga opened the door of the office and peeked inside.  She couldn’t see anyone until a warm voice from the floor said, “Oh goodness! You’re here early aren’t you sweetheart?”  Helga jumped back with surprise and clutched her chest like she were about to be attacked by a wild boar.  “Oh, sorry sweetheart.  I didn’t mean to frighten you.  My name is Maggie.  I suppose I do have a way of sneaking up on people. Keeps the workers on their toes like a good manager should!” The voice was coming from a tiny dwarf woman wearing a sunflower dress and a yellow matching conical hat.  Despite her tiny squashed features she was very cute and had a motherly charm about her.  “Have some tea darling and have a seat right there.” The dwarf handed her a dwarf-sized tea cup and Helga had a seat in the tiny chair opposite Maggie’s tiny desk.
     Helga felt ludicrous sitting in the tiny chair and drinking out of the tiny tea cup.  It was as if she were playing tea party with a particularly small two year old.  “I’m sorry if the cup is too small for you darling, but I certainly don’t mind getting up to fill it.” The dwarf smiled brightly. “Oh, no this is lovely thank you,” Helga found the taste quite bitter and did not really care for tea, but because the woman was being so nice and because she would be her boss at the first job she had ever worked, she held back her disgust. “Now, Helga is it?” Helga nodded surprised that someone had invested interest enough to look that up for themselves, “You look young, but you also look like you’ve got a good head on your shoulders.  Keep a steady pace with your corn husking and pay attention to detail.  I want each piece completely clean with the tools you’ll find in your booth.”
     Maggie pointed out at a massive line of what looked like voting booths with a closed curtain and pairs of shoes below them.  In front of the endless line of voting booths was a string of conveyer belts that bent into a “U” shape.  There was one for each booth and as the corn reached each booth it was promptly husked and placed back on the conveyer that lead to another room in the warehouse.  The whole process seemed very intricate just to husk corn, but as she was no expert on corn husking, she took the process at face value.
     “The biggest thing that you’ll have to fight here is the boredom.  You’ll become complacent.  You’ll become bored.  Don’t.  It is essential that you stay focused or the Boss will come down hard on all of us.  Speaking of which, we don’t really have any time to spend on training as she’s visiting the facility this morning.  We’ve been prepping for it for weeks now and we can’t have any screw ups.  Your booth is number three hundred and twenty nine.  Just press the button in your booth and your shift will start.”
     Helga had a million more questions, but Maggie was rushing her out of the office.  She had just enough time to let one slip out before being forced to exit, “When is the Boss coming?” Before Maggie had time to answer the question it was answered by someone else.  “Now,” said a dark ominous voice projected out of a sharpened pair of teeth as yellow as Maggie’s sunflower dress.  
Chapter 7
     The teeth, however, did not belong to the Boss, but instead a lanky tall man in a birthday clown suit.  Even for a clown he was oddly dressed.  Instead of the usual palate of colors that one might expect from a birthday clown, he was dressed in black and white like he had just stepped out of some old Hollywood picture.  He was adorned with a particularly striking black Victorian collar and had a bald head with two jutting black horns made out of hair sticking out on the side.  His shoes were large and looked like a deconstructed rubber tire.  He was carrying a briefcase that seemed suitable for his name, “Judge, you’re here early!” Maggie was trying to hide the fact that she was badly shaken by the clown’s appearance.  
     “Nice to meet you!” Helga blurted out nervously.  She would have kept her mouth shut under normal circumstances, but clowns made her anxious and a dark macabre one known as “the Judge” made her particularly so. “What is this?” The clown pointed at Helga without glancing at her. “Oh, she just started here this morning.  She was just on her way over to her booth.  She doesn’t mean any trouble though.  She’s just spirited and ready to start.”  Maggie’s hands were shaking so badly that she clasped them together and started wringing her dress like it was wet.
     The Judge walked over to Helga and got so close that she could smell the cheap perfume wafting off of his black colored powder puff buttons.  “A little too spirited if you ask me,” he turned back to Maggie, “Nothing I’m sure a few years of husking corn won’t cure.”  He honked his large black clown nose as if it were the horn on a bike and snapped, “GET TO IT!” Helga ran so quickly that she tripped.  She didn’t even look to see if the clown and Maggie were laughing at her, but instead just hurried to her station.  
     Once she peeled back the blue curtain she saw there was a large table.  Under the table was a seemingly bottomless bin marked “TRASH.” On the side in a small standalone podium was the large red button that Maggie had alluded to.  Covering the walls were motivational posters that contained phrases like, “EVERYONE is replaceable,” “YOU ARE JUST A NUMBER,” or Helga’s personal favorite, “Every second you work you should be fearful that you will be replaced by giant cornhusking robots!”  
     Helga decided that she had better get started and pressed the giant red button.  She pushed it down firmly and instantaneously heard a loud alarm throughout the entire warehouse.  It was so painfully thunderous that she had to hold her ears.  Sudden uncontrollable fear gripped her entire body.  What if she had just broken something or pressed something that she was not supposed to? What if the button she just pushed was actually the fire alarm?  She peeked out of the curtain to see that many of the other workers were doing the same.  The clown, who now had a loud speaking pressed against his mouth shouted, “EVERYONE BACK TO WORK! NOW!”  The curtains all quickly shut including Helga’s.  Over the loud speaker that the alarm was just playing off of a deep muffled voice shouted, “PREPARE FOR THE ARRIVAL OF THE BOSS!” 
     Just as she held her hands over her ears again to protect against the loudspeaker an ear of corn started traveling towards her table.  Helga quickly grabbed it and pulled off the corn silk first, then peeled back the green husk to the shank before snapping that off.  She inspected that the corn was completely clean and then placed it on the belt sending it to the other room.  
     There was a loud crash that shook the entire building.  Helga’s curiosity got the better of her and she poked her eye against the open crack of the curtain, only to see a large expensive-looking SUV with medieval-looking weapons poking out of the front crash through the side of the wall.  Bricks and dust went flying through the air.  The tires of the car came to a squealing halt and Helga snatched another piece of corn off of the belt still husking it while watching the scene.  
     The Judge walked up to the back door of the car and opened it.  The clown stepped to the side of the car door and honked his nose before saying, “Everything has been prepared for your arrival.” A pair of sleek jet-black stilettos stomped down onto the concrete with a clack and a venomous gravelly smoky voice said “We’ll see.” 
     The Boss fully stepped out of the car.  Patches of her skin looked rough and dark green like she was infused with an alligator and just as in all of her statues her hair was as dark as her shoes and snatched back into an agonizingly painful-looking taut bun.  She was also wearing a alligator green leather blouse that seemed to match her skin exactly, with a dark suit coat and skirt to match her shoes.  The entire ensemble was more dramatic than anything Helga had ever seen in a fashion magazine, but what really stood out to her were the eyes.  They looked like a Rorschach ink blot test.  The pupils were entirely white and in the middle was this swirling black void that was constantly changing into different discernable shapes and figures.  
     “Let me see the reports.” Maggie handed over a list of numbers and spreadsheets to The Boss and she looked them over for a few seconds before looking up and simply saying, “Alright.  You know what needs to be done.”  She passed the numbers over to The Judge and he nodded in agreement.  The whole group of them turned in Helga’s direction and started striding swiftly in her direction.  Helga grabbed another ear of corn and quickly husked it. She was in complete shock, sure that they had seen her and even more sure that they were coming to get her.  She just kept cleaning the corn and listening to the click clack of the Boss’s heels, which she started to believe would be the last sound she ever heard.  
     “This one,” Helga heard The Boss’s low displeased voice as she braced herself for the worst.  Helga had always been too nosey for her own good. If she had just stayed put in her booth and minded her own business she would not be in this mess. She heard the curtain being flung open by the Judge and heard the footsteps come closer.  She dared not turn around.  Holding her breathe Helga stifled back tears. “BANG!”
     Helga heard a loud crashing noise coming from the booth to the right of hers and she let out a sigh of relief. “Is this a joke to you or a job,” said the clown honking his nose reprehensibly.  “Please I have a family.  I have three little ones at home.” Helga saw the man back up slowly as the clowns huge shoes stepped closer.  “Well, if you have a family at home then maybe you should have taken your work a little more seriously.” The man fell onto the ground and Helga looked at his sad eyes as the clown pushed his body down the trash chute ignoring his pleas for help.  The Judge took a final step onto the man’s hands as he slid onto a pile of rotting corn husks.  The clown let out a high pitched laugh that made Helga wince.
     “Now then Maggie, I believe we have some business to discuss,” said the Boss.  “Yes…uhh- of course we do,” Maggie said trying her best to ignore what just happened to one of her workers.  The group of them headed back over to Maggie’s office and closed the door.  Helga continued to husk corn.  Helga grew angrier the more she thought about what had just happened.  If Wesley were here he would know what to do.  Helga grabbed another ear of corn and just held onto it without husking it.  She peeked down the trash chute to see if there might be some way to help the man, but all that she could see was darkness and all that she could smell was the rot of the decomposing husks.     
     She decided to make a brash move.  She slowly peeked out of the curtain and made sure there was no one else around.  All of the others that were not in their booths were in the office speaking with the Boss.  Helga took off her newly purchased boots and placed them on the floor where her feet would be.   She took three ears of corn and weighed down her large red button with them.  The button was stuck down and no more corn came down her conveyer belt.  She took another peek to make sure the coast was still clear and then headed over to where the meeting was happening.  She stayed below the window and walked over to the door, poking her eye into the keyhole.  
     “You’ve done a good job for me Maggie,” The Boss said as she circled Maggie who was planted firmly in her tiny chair.  The Boss stopped at the back of it and wrapped her huge needle like finger nails around her shoulders, as a vulture might cart away a hunk of meat.  “That’s why I want to reward you with something special, a token of my appreciation.” She snapped her fingers and the clown brought over a black box engraved in gold.  “A little something I’ve taken from the Goddess.  After all, why should she have all the fun?” The Boss took out what appeared to be a human skull from the box.  Maggie shifted back in her chair and her breathing tensed.  
     “This isn’t just any token; it has the power to give you back the life that you once had.  I’m talking about the real deal.  You can walk about the living on whatever world you want.  You can find out the secrets and mysteries of your life. You can stay or you can leave.  I’ve already been there quite a bit myself and I must say I find it fascinating what they have going on up there.  Of course I’m not the first.” She shut the skull back in the box. “They call those that use this token “ghosts” in the living world.  Isn’t that quaint?”
     Maggie took a deep breath.  “What do you want for it?” “Ah! There you are Maggie, you always knew I was a businesswoman at heart. Now, this little token is much too valuable to give up for good, but I can let you borrow it… I just have a couple special projects for you to work on.” Helga was pinching her arm to keep her from making any noise.  Helga’s mind raced at the prospect of a way home.  To figure out what had happened to her and get another chance at the life that was ended way too soon for her.  Helga was not sure how she was going to get the token, but she knew that she had to have it.
     “Just come up to the Corporation when you finish up here today and I’ll go over all the de-” The Boss’s speech was cut short.  Helga’s eyes bulged and she covered her ears as the loud speaker simply said “Alert” in the same muffled booming voice repeatedly as bright red lights flashed.  The entire line of workers, hundreds of them, came out to see what the commotion was cautiously for fear of the Boss’s wrath.  
     Helga tried sneaking back over to where her booth was, but before she could the door behind her slammed.  “GET IN LINE!” The Boss’s previously cool voice became a fierce roar and the alarm stopped as if it were afraid of her as well.  All of the bodies that were sulking about scrambled onto a yellow line that was marked on the concrete.  Helga mixed in next to a very tall ogre hoping that she would remain unseen behind his massive hulking body.  “Who is responsible for this?” The Boss said seductively sweet like she were setting a trap for a very stupid mouse.  “Okay, we’ll just make this easy.”
     The Boss walked over to the set of conveyer belts silently.  She walked down the line until stopping at Helga’s station.  Helga shuddered in fear at what was coming next.  The conveyer belt that she was supposed to be watching and working on was completely broken with smoke billowing from the hole that lead to the other room.  Stacked onto the hole were dozens of ears of corn that were jamming the gears and falling off the belt.  “Whose station is this? Hmmm? Number three hundred and twenty-nine?” There was dead silence.  All eyes in the room were focused on her to see what she might do next.  Then the Judge looked as if he might say something, but stopped after she held up her hand menacingly.
  “Let’s make this easier, shall we? Since all of you seem to be too stupid to even remember what station you spend every useful hour of your meaningless lives at.” She walked slowly over to the curtain with a click of her powerful heels and ripped the curtain off of the structure effortlessly.  She balled up the curtain and rubbed it against her face as if it were fine linen before tossing it to the ground.  “Ahhh!” She said as she inspected the station. 
     She picked up Helga’s boots.  If she were still wearing them she would be shaking in them right now.  Helga noticed the corn had fallen off of the button, which must have set this disaster in motion.  “We don’t have a “Lost and Found” here do we Maggie?” Maggie shook her head vigorously and stared back down on the ground.  “No “Lost and Found”? Shame? Well, what are we to do then because I’ve just found these cheap DISGUSTING boots and that must mean that someone has lost them.” She swung them against the ground making a loud smacking noise like cracking a whip.  “No one remembers losing them? Goodness… what’s a girl to do? Someone must be very forgetful because they can’t remember their station number and they can’t even remember if they’re wearing their cheap DISGUSTING boots.”  
     Maggie started to hold up the roster as if she were suggesting the answer to the Boss’s question, but she clucked her tongue in disapproval. “Now, now Maggie.  We wouldn’t want to embarrass anyone by having the supervisor pull out the roster right in front of the Boss.  People say that she can be a nightmare… they’re right.”  She grabbed the roster and tossed it in the trash and shouted down the hole.  “Look out below down there… safety first children. She began walking up and down the aisle of people inspecting their shoes and stopped on Helga.
     “Ahhh! Ding! Ding! Ding! We have a winner.  Now, what would your name be little girl?” Helga stood balling her fist defiantly and looked at her right in the eyes, “Helga.” “Helga hmmm? What an ugly name for an ugly fat little girl.  These must be your ugly little boots then?” Helga was squeezing her fist tighter and tighter.  “Those aren’t mine,” she lied.  “Oh, then why do they have property of Helga R… what an abysmal last name… written on the inside? Lying to me, that takes guts.  I was just going to throw you down the hole, but there must be something special about you.  Why else would you have that silly little trinket around your neck?” 
     Helga grasped onto the token that Wesley had given her.  Everyone around her was looking at it suspiciously. “Don’t even try using it on me either.  I’m much too strong willed to be influenced by the likes of you. Still, it intrigues me… you intrigue me.  I’ve got a better idea.  Why don’t we just make you slave? That sounds fair right? No… I suppose it really wouldn’t be as you said the boots weren’t yours.  We had better make the entire warehouse reassigned to slavery just in case they are someone else’s boots.”  
     Helga felt her face grow warm and tears begin to stream down.  The line of workers began to shout and argue amongst themselves.  Some started chucking ears of corn at Helga who dodged them weakly.  “Oh, looks like everyone is starting to perk up,” The Boss said walking back to her car, “meet me tonight Maggie and don’t be late.” She slammed the door to the car and rolled down the window.  Helga looked around terrified of the growing angry mob that was making its way towards her.  “Take that one out separately, we wouldn’t want to rob her of a life of servitude now would we?” The Judge walked behind Helga who was preoccupied with the figures that were shouting at her and chucking more corn. “Maggie, help please!?” She was desperately choking back tears. “I’m sorry sweetheart, but you brought this on yourself.”
     The Judge pulled a long black gavel out of his baggy clown costume and raised it high above Helga’s head with two hands.  Helga struggled to put on her boots, if she was going to fend off the mob she would need them.  Just as she got them situated and found an opening to book it out of the factory, the Judge slammed his gavel down onto her forehead knocking her out cold.  He gave his nose a playful honk and tossed her in a fireman’s carry over his shoulder.  The crowd backed away as he made his way to the car with her body.  
Chapter 8
     Helga awoke to a shooting pain in the back of her head that was pure agony.  There was water surrounding the desk that she was lying on.  She looked up and saw the worn and dirty chalkboard with a small projector in front of it and for a moment she thought that maybe she was back in school.  She held onto that hope as long as it would stay, which was until a blood curdling squid man was standing in front of her laughing, “Oh, finally awake are you! Good now we can start the presentation.  
     The squid man had large black pupils and tentacles where his mouth should be.  The top of his head was formed into a conch-spiraled crown and he was wearing deep purple robes.  There were three other “students” in the classroom- a sickly looking elf, a druid whose hair branched out into what looked like two pigtails of shrubs and an elderly looking dog-creature whose skin was gray and rib bones protruding prominently through his frail body.  
     “My name is Justin,” said the hideous squid monster, “I will be your educator today.” “I want you to use this class as an opportunity to learn to become more productive and successful in your new careers.  The old looking dog man raised his hand, “May I use the bathroom?” “No,” said Justin flatly wriggling his tentacles about, “you may only use the bathroom at the designated times or if given special permission by me.”  Justin looked like he was about to continue on with his lecture when the dog raised his hand again, “May I have special permission?” Justin blinked a few times furiously then reached into a drawer and pulled out a clam.  He cracked open the clam and sucked it down, which seemed to make his body language more calm and collected.  “No, if I were to give you special permission right at the start of the class, then it wouldn’t be very special now would it?”  The dog sadly shook his head and covered his eyes with grief.  
     Now we are all going to watch a special presentation made just for you and afterwards we’ll have a quick test on it.  The squid flicked the projector switch with one of his tentacles and then sat at his desk towards the front of the class.  An old black and white movie came on and the screen counted down from five with a beep in between numbers.  Large plain lettering spelled out the title of the film, “A Beginner’s Guide to Forced Labor.” 
     “I really got to go,” the dog whispered loudly to the squid who was chewing on another clam.  “After the film,” the squid said, muffled with a mouthful of seafood.  Helga turned her attention back to the movie.  A cheesy 1950s style soundtrack played while a young dwarf and fairy held hands and skipped along together.  “Tom and Jane have something in common together,” said the narrator in so dry a manner it zapped the moisture out of the air,” No it isn’t their love of rock and roll music or some hip new board game.  Tom and Jane are both dead.” The two actors playing Tom and Jane fell to the ground and overacted their own death.  
     Now that they’re dead they need to get all settled into their new comfortable lifestyle in one of the many accommodating and luxurious apartment buildings that we have available.  The camera cut to a cameo shot of the building where Helga’s apartment was.  “This is just one of our many fine buildings suitable for all kinds of fun activities such as sleeping, having a short sit or washing up!” As the narrator’s voice finished the camera panned to show the landlord merman caught by surprise saying, “What do you mean the camera’s already rolling.”  
     The camera panned back to Tom and Jane who were smiling and giving a big thumbs up.  “Wow, gosh that’s swell! But what about the folks not lucky enough to have jobs that pay enough for a fancy place like that?!” Jane turned towards the camera and gave an extremely delayed reaction by placing her hand over her mouth showing just how poor her acting ability really was. 
     “Not to worry Tom there are plenty of luxury accommodations for those unlucky few who have slightly less desirable, but very economically necessary positions that keep our world working as efficiently and effectively as possible.” The camera just cut to a slide that read, “Footage not found.”  
     “Now there are just a few simple tips that will help out those of you who have been recently enslaved, or as we like to call it “given an entry level position with a strong possibility of advancement.”  Rule number one, every action and thought while being enslaved must be in support of the Boss.” Tom and Jane picked up signs that read “Civil Obedience is the Bee’s Knees” and “Don’t cross The Boss!”  “Rule number two unhappiness in not allowed.” Tom and Jane smiled so uncomfortably wide it looked as though their lips might start bleeding at any moment.  “Rule number three, never wear anything other than the standard industry approved fashion-forward sack uniform.  Failure to do so may cause some sort of wild animal to pick you up, drag you into the woods and mutilate you.” Tom and Jane strutted through the park in their burlap sacks like they were walking a runway. “Rule number four art is strictly forbidden as a slave,” the Narrator took a slightly darker tone with this rule.  “Now that you know the secret to your successful enslavement you’re well on your way to climbing the corporate ladder, not too quickly though… remember- safety first!”
     The projector screen flashed white and the squid awakened from his seafood buffet induced coma.  “Well, now that we’ve finished the informational video does anyone have any questions?”  The feeble dog stood up as if there were a bomb strapped to his chest and shouted, “YES! MAY I PLEASE USE THE RESTROOM!” The squid blinked a few times irked at the interruption and said, “I don’t think you’re really focusing on a successful enslavement here, so no you may not.” The dog sat down jittering like someone who just drank a twenty-four pack of very caffeinated soda.  “What happened to all of our stuff? When can we go back to our apartments?”  Helga asked, when in reality all she wanted to know was a quick way to escape and swipe that token from the Boss. “As mentioned in the video, those who are enslaved have a communal living quarters separate from the rest of the community… for convenience of course, also it’s surrounded by barbed wire and armed guards.”
     Helga drummed her fingers on the desk with annoyance, “But what about all of my things that I left in my apartment!?” Helga lied as she really only had the other dress that Wesley had given her.  Still it was the only thing that she had and she wanted it back.  “Most enslaved persons are assigned to it before they have a chance to gain any material possessions, however, in a situation where you are to be reassigned to enslavement all of your possessions are seized by the Corporation and sold off to help fund this very effective training program.”
     “How is that fair?!” Helga stood up and slammed her hands against the desk.  The squid creature looked deeply disturbed and jumped over to the desk reaching for a small red remote.  He pressed firmly down on the button and all of the slaves in the room were instantly shocked.  They all let out a scream as a rush of electricity zapped their bodies. 
     The druid girl squealed clasping onto her pigtails in frustration , “Why are you punishing me!? Or him? We didn’t do anything!”  The squid tapped his tentacles against themselves pretentiously, “Because young lady… there may not be an I in team, but there electroshock bracelets on all of your ankles, so if you don’t start playing like one then it’s going to start smelling like the inside of a microwave in here.”  
     Helga and the druid crossed their arms while the dog was still fighting the desperate urge to use the bathroom.  “Well… I think we should all start with a nice exercise to get you into the spirit of things.  Then when I think you’ve gotten it we’ll transport you all to your new homes in the Yard of Agony.”
     “THE YARD OF AGONY!?” Helga was highly anxious, but wanted to avoid another zap from the tight uncomfortable metal bracelet around her ankle.  “Oh, don’t be too alarmed.  It’s really more of an enclosed field than a yard.”  Helga was looking for an escape route, but with the bracelet on she decided that there really would be no point in making a break for it.  “Now why don’t we have you come up here.”  He pointed to the druid girl, “What’s your name?” “Kira,” said with what little pride she felt she had left. The squid-man laughed making his tentacles fly open with short burst of air that sounded like baby sneezes.  “Oh, no… I’m sorry I meant your new names.  Take a look down at your ankle bracelet.”  Helga and the others all did so.  There was a number 88034 carved into Helga’s.  “88033,” said the druid.  “Now, 88033, let’s pretend that I’m the slave and you’re watching over me… now if I act in a way that you deem to be inappropriate, I want you to point it out.  Ok?” 
     Helga could tell that 88033 got some satisfaction in being in a position of authority over the squid-man, even if it was just in an imaginary role play situation.  The squid started crawling around on the ground pretending to mime moving things in a ridiculous over-the-top fashion. “Oh, look at me a friendly and obedient slave, just working hard and doing some slave things!” Helga rolled her eyes and sighed loudly, but the squid was too wrapped up in his own performance to notice. The squid stopped and held up his finger as if he just had a brilliant thought.
     “Oh, I’ve got an idea; a really great idea for a slave.  I think I’m going to go grab some paint brushes and paint a stupid painting to spruce up the place.” The performance for Helga was more painful than the electric shock and she again contemplated running out of the room. “Stop?” The druid seemed unsure if this was how the exercise was supposed to work.  The squid stood up as if she had just discovered the secret to life, “YES! YES! YES!” The squid clapped his tentacles in appreciation of what he now saw as his most brilliant student. “But why?” The squid leaned in whispering instantly as his tentacles stroked the druid’s face.    
     The druid gagged at the squid’s horrible breath before continuing on with the answer, “Because… slaves are forbidden to create art?” “Exactly.  She remember one of the most important guidelines to be a successful slave.  Art is forbidden.”  The squid reached into the desk and grabbed a live crab.  He stuffed it into his mouth like a paper in a shredder with claws and shell parts flying all over the poor druid’s face.  
     “Art is forbidden by slaves because art is a form of free thought.  Free thought leads to self-expression.  Self-expression leads to civil disobedience.  Civil disobedience leads to economic failure and eventually the complete destruction and collapse of modern society.  So, to review, no paintings, macaroni sculptures or little hand woven baskets.  All of these could lead to the apocalypse.” Helga stared at the squid man with obvious doubt on her face as he reached the climax of his hellfire sermon.
     “What?” The squid put his tentacles on his hips.  “You doubt what I’m saying?”  Helga risked getting another shock for the complete humiliation of the disgusting squid creature.  “Well… I’m just a bit confused.”  “That’s to be expected.  This is a classroom setting after all and I want you to openly engage in a conversation about ideas, so long as they completely agree with my own.”  Helga stood up as she felt him hovering over her. “No, I’m just confused as to why you are saying that art can lead to complete economic chaos, when you yourself just engaged in art.” The squid huffed and puff causing bubbles to fly out of his mouth swirling around his flailing tentacles. “I DID NOTHING OF THE SORT! And unless you want another zap to freshen up that clearly deranged mind of yours I strongly suggest that you have a seat.”
     “You just acted out a scene.  Badly, I’ll admit, but it was acting and acting is theatre and theatre is art, whether you choose to admit it or not!” Helga pointed at the squid and he winced with complete humiliation shouting, “SIT DOWN! I’M NOT WRONG! ART IS WRONG! YOU ARE WRONG!” He haphazardly snatched the remote off his desk again and zapped all of the students causing them to shriek.  The dog stood up afterwards yelling, “No, I can’t oh not here,” before squatting down on the ground and doing what he had asked to do in the bathroom the entire duration of the class.  “STOP THIS! STOP THIS NOW!”  The squid lost control and zapped them a few more times, which did nothing to stop the dog or Helga’s laughter.  
     After a few moments of complete and utter chaos, the squid threw the remote back on the desk, “Clearly you three are all beyond my teaching.  Really there is no point in any of you being in class here anymore and I think really the best way for you to learn is just to do.”  The squid stuffed another crab in his mouth greedily gobbling it down before exiting the classroom.  88033 looked over at Helga who was still giggling to herself, “Well, that was the most fun I’ve ever had in class before.”  Helga smiled and winked back as the poor dog just sat in the corner and cried.  
     The squid came back a few moments later with two large hulking bear-like creatures.  “These two are going to transport you to your new home, the Yard of Agony, but as I mentioned before there is really no need to be concerned, as it is really more of an enclosed field.”  The squid handed the remote over to one of the tall brown bear-men in black tunics.  “Be careful, this group can be difficult.”  “They all can at first,” the bear leaned over to the sobbing dog in the corner who was whining loudly, “They just need to learn to be properly house-broken is all.”
Chapter 9
     Helga looked out the windows of the broken down bus which was transporting her and the other slaves out of the city.  It passed the vast brightly colored buildings until there were only trees and red skies similar to the one that she saw first coming into the cave.  She wondered what she would be doing, as the chicken-woman Maureen had mentioned earlier that slaves are given a variety of tasks to complete.  She was almost entirely certain that whatever task the Boss had assigned to her would be particularly nasty.  
     She heard some grumbling from the back of the bus and grew slightly nervous.  After all, she had been responsible for the enslavement of hundreds of other workers.  If she was not very cautious, she was liable to be attacked in the middle of the night.  While she did not recognize any of the people on the bus as being from the factory, how could she know?  She had only been there a short time and was not focused on the other workers looks.  The bus seemed to be getting into a more mountainous and wild part of the world and the red sky swirled in with some oranges and pinks made it look like someone swirled several sunrise ice cream flavors together into one massive cone.  There were large black shiny rocks that looked like polished coal surrounding the bumpy trail.  
     The bus pulled over in front of a massive chain-link fence that was topped with barbed wire.  The fence had a large sign that looked like it was handwritten by Peggy the troll that read, “The Yard of Agony” in red lettering.  At the sides of the fence were two massive prison guard towers with lookouts peering suspiciously at the slaves as the exited the bus.  When Helga finally made it outside she noticed it had just started to drizzle.  As the rain picked up, she tasted it and it seemed to be the same sweet-tasting gelatinous substance that she came into the world covered in.  
     As she neared the fence she saw really how massive the Yard of Agony was.  It was less of a yard and more like several massive poorly-maintained football fields linked together and filled with people.  The back area of the yard oddly did not have any fence, but was filled with giant boulders of the same gleaming black stones that seemed to become even more lustrous in the rain. The boulders led into some of the largest trees that she had ever seen, curving and twisting into each-other so that they became one massive lump of foreboding woods.  The trees themselves along with their leaves looked just as dark as the rocks.  Against the bright frozen sunrise background it became very difficult to discern the faces of the inhabitants.
     The yard was filled with improvised housing of cardboard and bits of garbage.  There were a few houses made entirely out of plastic bags and some made out of sticks and twigs from the menacing woods.  While the metropolis was filled with a sweet aroma, there was foul smell that pervaded the air.  It was a putrid mix of rotting meat, bad seafood, spoiled milk and cantaloupe.
     The guard had the face of a large hammerhead shark and he seemed to get some pleasure out of walking up to each slave as the entered the yard and stamping their hand with a large rubber stamp that was in the shape of the Boss’s silhouette before saying, “Please enjoy your stay in the Yard of Agony.” When he walked up to Helga and said it she asked, “Where am I supposed to sleep?”  The hammerhead shark winked at her and stretched his gray hand out to the entirety of the yard as if he were a really bad real estate agent and said, “The world is your oyster my dear… so to speak.”  Then he moved onto the next person, who happened to be the same frail dog-man who made a mess in the classroom.  The dog was not expecting the shark to grab his hand and yelped loudly as he pulled it and stamped it.  The dog must have done something someone didn’t like because all at once a huge crowd of slaves near the entrance was zapped.
     The crowd let out a collective scream and then proceeded to ridicule the dog.  “Sorry! Sorry!”  Creatures continued to berate him for a few minutes with cries of, “I have a heart condition! I could have died,” and “That happened right as I had to sneeze! Now I’ll never sneeze!”  
     Helga walked over to a quiet corner of the yard where she saw Kira sitting, or “88033” as she was now supposed to be referred to.  She had constructed a small makeshift shelter from the rain using a few sticks from her hair and a couple of cardboard boxes.  “Do you mind if I stay here a minute? Just to stay out of the rain?” Kira smiled at her brightly and said, “Of course you can.  You were hilarious in that class.”  “Thanks,” said Helga making her way underneath the flimsy cardboard shelter.  “So you’re a…” Helga wasn’t really sure what the word she was looking for was.  “Dryad? We’re tree deities. Want to see?” Helga nodded and Kira made a small daffodil grow out of the ground.  She picked it and put it in Helga’s hair.  “That’s amazing!” “Yeah, but it doesn’t really come in handy around here… I guess that’s why I’m stuck in this place.”  
     “I got reassigned… I worked for five minutes as a corn husker,” Helga said with some degree of guilt.  “Oooh! How fancy!” “I know… it was going alright until I jammed up one of the conveyer belts right in front of the Boss.”  Kira stared in awe of her, “You mean you’ve met her? How was it?” Helga took the daffodil out of her hair and started twirling it around in her fingers, “Terrifying… she threw someone else down the trash chute.  She has something I need though.” Kira snapped a few more twigs out of her head to reinforce the shelter and then grew out some new ones closing her eyes with intense concentration.  “What is it that she has that you want? Money?” “No, something more valuable… it’s called a token.  The one she has can send you back to the world you used to live in.” Kira snapped the twig she was holding in half by accident. “Really?!” Helga nodded. “Do you think if you get this uh… token thingy after you’re done using it I could?  I don’t really remember anything about my life, but I can’t imagine it was any worse than this.”
     The wind was picking up and the rain splashed in their faces a bit, but the newly reinforced shelter held on through the gust.  “Of course, you have to keep quiet about it though… you never know who could be listening in this place.  Speaking of which, we have to figure out how we can get out of this place before we can figure out how we can steal that token.” Kira looked somewhat skeptical surveying her gloomy surroundings.  “How are we going to do that?”  “I don’t know, we’ll think of something tomorrow.  We have to know more about this place before we can do that.” Kira started growing a ring of tulips around the shelter as an interim fence for their sanctuary. “What’s to know? This place reeks.” Helga laughed heartily for the first time since she completely wrecked the squid’s world.  Kira grew another flower and another to keep them entertained.  Helga strung the flowers together into a beautiful looking crown. “You know you really shouldn’t have that here,” Kira looked at Helga with a raised brow. “Why,” Helga adjusted the crown so that it sat delicately on her head. “Well they said in the instructional video that if you wear anything other than the required work uniform that wild animals would drag you away into the forest.”  Helga scoffed, “They just say that as a way of getting into your head and keeping control over everyone… besides maybe I’ll get lucky and a wild animal will drag me away.”  Helga thought for a moment and wrapped the headpiece delicately on her upper arm away from view just at the odd chance that an animal would drag her away.   The two of them dozed off meditating on the day’s events and wondered what tomorrow would bring.
Chapter 10
     Helga had the same dream again.  She was floating through the clouds.  She floated to the magnificent sparkling rainbow castle surrounded by the most glamorous statutes and staring at the divine figure in front of her- the Goddess.  She felt so small and insignificant next to this celestial icon.   The green shimmering leaf that she had as a back piece pointed at Helga as the Goddess leaned forward to speak.   The dream was exactly the same down to the last puffy white cloud, except for one detail.  This time, when the Goddess spoke she said, “The time to act is now.  You will be my messenger.  You will guide them. Awake!”
     She did.  Helga awoke to her heart pounding with anticipation from the strange dream.  She stood puzzled as to what it could possibly mean.  She yawned and stretched her arms to the sky, which had since become a clear blueish green.  The aftermath of the previous night’s storm could be seen all throughout the yard.  There were scraps of soggy cardboard and giant puddles filled with trash and plastic that had been previously assembled into homes.  Mournful faces of people that had lost everything all over again filled the yard, as they shook dry and salvaged what little they could.    
     A loud alarm sounded over the loudspeaker and everyone stood up at attention.  Suddenly, a line of trucks pulled up through the gate and stopped spaced out evenly among the yard.  Vicious looking characters got off the back of the trucks and started rounding up all of the slaves in that area. There were giant crocodiles, spiderlike men with foaming mouths, and hunched over hags all wielding whips and weapons getting off the trucks.  The guard that got off the truck near Helga was an extremely tall and muscled woman with thick eyebrows and a thick side ponytail.  There was a metallic looking mask covering half of her face.  “My name is FIFI!” Fifi said with a strong eastern European accent.  She seemed to be talking to no one in particular.  She walked right beside Helga and blew a whistle loudly causing Helga to duck and cover her ears. “I SAID MY NAME IS FIFI!”
     “That was right in my ear,” Helga was annoyed, but Fifi blew her whistle again.  “MY NAME IS FIFI!” “HI FIFI!?” Helga shouted and Fifi seemed to calm down flipping her ponytail to the side.  “ONTO THE TRUCK!”  Everyone in the area started moving towards the truck and Helga reached it first.  Helga just looked at the opening to the back of the truck with some trepidation, “Am I just supposed to climb up or is there a ladder?”  Fifi blew the whistle even more ferociously, stopping for a moment to take a breath and then giving it another spirited go.  “ONTO THE TRUCK!” Helga sighed loudly and then jumped up trying to get a footing onto the back.  She jumped up again and managed to grab hold for a moment before losing her grip and falling flat on her face in the mud.  “Ow,” she mumbled as she blew bubbles of exasperation into the puddle.  She got up again and jumped up.  This time, while her feet were dangling, she managed to propel herself up by stepping on the face of the same very unlucky dog that couldn’t seem to catch a break.  The dog went flying backwards into a puddle of his own, but she managed to make it into the truck.  Helga lent a hand down to Kira, who was going through the same struggle and after about fifteen minutes the truck was packed solid making Helga feel a bit claustrophobic.
     Apparently, she was not the only one feeling claustrophobic.  Just as the truck began moving, a small dwarf woman that looked similar to her old boss, but wearing a burlap sack and more homely began screaming as she was shoved side to side to make room, “I’ve got to get out of here! I’ll be crushed flat like a pancake! A SAD OLD TORN UP BABY PANCAKE WITH NO SYRUP!” The dwarf jumped up and flew off the back of the truck much faster than she had anticipated, causing her to roll like a snowball made of mud.  The truck stopped short sending all the passengers sailing squashed up against each other in the already very cramped space.  Fifi got off the back of the truck and looked at everyone in the back smiling before shocking them all with a zap.  She then turned back over to the dwarf and picked her up by the ear.  As she cried for help, Fifi started to strap her up with a ton of electrical tape hanging by her toes to the back of the truck.   Her head was hanging underneath like a bouquet of freshly clipped seasoning that was hanging upside down to dry.  “I have a lot more tape if any of you want to know what it feels like to be a cave bat like this little ducky here,” Fifi leaned down and gave the dwarf a kiss on the cheek, which sent her into a tizzy.  
     As Fifi hopped back into the cab of the truck and signaled for the driver to move on, the dwarf continued her failed crusade to escape.  She chose to vent her frustrations by yelling at first things like, “I am not a duck! Why would she call me a duck!?”  The noise gradually transformed to a long continuous high pitched scream that was only broken when the truck would hit a bump and her voice would jump up.  Helga secretly hoped that the truck might drive over a very tall rock that knocked her out temporarily doing the whole party of miserable characters a favor.  As time went on, the truck got further away from the settlement to a woodsy area of the yard, and the dwarfs’ screams became short raspy calls that ironically did sound identical to a very irritated provoked duck’s quacking.  
     The group got off of the truck and stretched, as Fifi cut down the dwarf allowing her to drop with some degree of satisfaction.  “I hope we are feeling rejuvenated after that little bit of air ducky…” The dwarf stood up and pointed with short chubby digits, “I will end you!” The poor dwarf could hardly make out the words and her voice was almost entirely gone from the frenzied shrieking. “I think not… give this one the really big rocks,” Fifi called out to one of the guards in the cab and they got to work assigning each slave to pair up near an area of rocks.
     Helga paired with Kira and the two started moving rocks over to a large flatbed truck from the edge of the forest where tons of them seemed to be piled up.  The poor voiceless dwarf got stuck with the largest group of rocks nearby, as previously promised by Fifi.  Helga felt bad for the little dwarf; even if she did jump off of the truck it was not fair that she should be forced to move the largest rocks by herself.  
     The work was backbreaking.  Helga wiped her brow soaked with sweat and when she picked up the next rock it nearly slipped through her saturated fingers.  “Watch it! That one nearly fell on my toe,” said Kira.  Helga rolled her eyes, but kept her mouth shut.  She knew that she was just getting testy because of how exhausted she was.  Just as she was about to apologize, the whistle blew and Fifi started shouting again, “Everyone you have fifteen minutes to eat your nutritious meal provided generously by the Corporation.  The line starts here.”  Helga was grateful that the line started right beside her as she was starving.  Helga sidestepped to the spot where Fifi was holding her hand and became first in line.  Her mind raced at the possibilities of what the meal might be- rotisserie chicken, barbeque spare ribs, steak and baked potatoes or fried perch with lemon?  Fifi handed Helga a bowl and then plopped a ladle of stinky gray liquid in her bowl.  There were indiscernible chunks of some unidentifiable protein and the thicker gray matter quickly separated to the bottom like sand mixed into a jar of water that was shaken. “Awww… disappointed are we?” Fifi barked with laughter at the look of disgust on Helga’s face as some of the goop seeped onto her finger and she sniffed it.  It smelled like old dirty laundry that had been soaked in the remains of a dead fish locked in a hot car for three months.  
     “NEXT!” Fifi shouted so loudly that more of the goop spilt onto Helga’s hand burning it.  Helga walked over to the side and sat down on the ground beside Kira with the disgusting bowl of slop rested at her feet.  She sat there swirling it pointlessly twirling the plastic spoon as if it were a magic want ready to change the goop into a delicious deep dish pizza.  “You’re not really going to eat that are you?” Kira whipped the contents of her bowl off to the side and it sunk into the ground like acid.  “Well, I don’t really have much of a choice do I?  I’m starving.” Helga began to realize just how desperate her situation really was as she continued to swirl and the bowl became even more coagulated and unappetizing as it cooled.  “Of course you do, don’t be ridiculous.  I’m a dryad and more importantly I’m your friend.”  Kira held her hand over the spot where her liquid lunch had melted into the soil and closed her eyes concentrating.  Slowly a strawberry, raspberry and blueberry plants all rose out of the ground, flowered and produced the most beautiful appetizing fruit that Helga had ever seen.  
     Kira dropped her bowl upside down on the ground, so there was a small indent that would hold the fruit she was eating without poisoning the flavor with the Corporation provided meal.  Helga quickly followed suit and tossed her lunch off to the side and began gathering the delicious berries into a pile on top of the bottom of her bowl.  “You know, this is a really amazing talent you’ve got,” said Helga. “Not really, almost everyone in my world can do it.  What is really amazing are the recipes that my mom can make out of the berries.  We used to have fantastic feasts prepared out of the vegetables and fruits that we would grow ourselves.  At least… I think we did.  It’s hard to keep track of what is a real memory and what is just imagination in this place.  I can hardly remember anything about my past at all.  Whenever I go to think about it… it all seems so blurry.”  Helga nodded stuffing several strawberries into her mouth at once as the juice ran down her cheek.  “Same here… I can’t hardly remember anything about my life before.  That’s why we need to get the Boss’s token, for a chance to get out of this horrible place and back to our normal lives.”
     The two kept gobbling down berries until they were all gone. “Want some more?  It would be nothing for me to make up some more…” Helga shook her head slowly contemplating as she rubbed her very full belly.  The two watched as the short dwarf who had caused so much trouble earlier finally make her way to the front of the food line.  “Oh! You must be so hungry tiny woman from screaming so much and carrying those big rocks all by your tiny self.”  The dwarf looked defiantly at Fifi without acknowledging her and Helga had to admit that she was rooting for her.  “Here you go! You’ll want to eat up to keep that fat body nice and round,” Fifi threw a bowl in her hands and then dumped the food to the right of the bowl, so it all went on the ground.  “That’s not fair! Who gives you the right to do that?” The dwarf shouted tossing her empty bowl to the side.  “I’ll tell you exactly who gives me the right… the Boss.” 
     Fifi took another scoop of the slop and dumped it on her head.  She pointed to the man that looked like a macaw bird behind her and said, “That was your portion.”  The macaw started squawking about upset that the tiny woman had ruined his horrible lunch.  “Look it’s not me you should be mad at! It’s them!  They set the rules.  Did you know they have fifty wheel barrels over there right on the other side of the trucks?! Why can’t we use them? I’ll tell you why because they make no sense, they know nothing and they care for no one!”  The dwarf was going on a rampage and the macaw man shoved her out of the way onto the ground squawking loudly.  Fifi stood over her with her tall legs on either side above her head, “I’ll tell you why… because I said so.”  She dumped the rest of the pot of food onto the dwarf’s head and walked away shouting, “That was the rest of your lunches.”  The dwarf ran away to avoid the wrath of the hungry crowd.
Helga was livid.  She got up to give Fifi a lesson in polite behavior, but was stopped by Kira.  “You know it will only do more harm than good.” Helga looked back at her petitioning, “But she’ll just keep going on and walking all over everyone like that!” “You really think yelling at her will solve anything?  She’ll just feel justified in her actions.  Here,” Kira grew a small strawberry plant and plucked the fruit off of it handing it over to a fuming Helga, “Give her these.”  
     Helga walked over to the tiny dwarf who had hid herself under a large rock and was sobbing loudly.  “Here.  Have some berries.” Helga held out her hand to the dwarf.  “Why are you being so kind to me?”  The dwarf grabbed the strawberries and mashed them into her mouth ungracefully.  Helga thought about this for a moment.  At first she was not entirely sure why she went out of her way and then said bluntly, “Because there is no reason not to be.”  “You’re one of the few good people I’ve met here in the Afterlife and you’re not even a dwarf.”  Helga smiled and looked back at Kira with admiration, “I think they’re more of us here than you think.  We just don’t always scream the loudest.”  Helga winked at the dwarf and then nodded over at Fifi who was busy screaming at an upset looking troll.  The dwarf laughed softly and seemed to regain some confidence and dignity, as Helga headed back over to where Kira was sitting.
     “How did it go?”  Helga reached in her pocket and took out the crown of flowers that she had made the night before, “About as good as can be expected.”  “And what are you planning on doing with that?” Helga was fashioning the flower crown back on her head.  “My own form of silent protest.”  Helga adjusted it along with rolling up the sleeves and cinching in the waist on the burlap sack with a rope that she found on the ground.  “You’ll get in trouble.”  “Oh, she probably won’t even notice and if she does good,” Helga gave her rope a final tug cinching the waist tighter, “I’m ready for her.”  
     Fifi blew the whistle again signaling the return to work.  The group of slaves got back to moving the rocks more sluggishly.  Helga kept looking back at the giant stack of fifty wheel barrels that the dwarf had pointed out and became upset thinking that she was completely right; there was no logical reason outside of ignoring reason to not use them.  She tossed a rock carelessly breaking it in half loudly and drawing Fifi’s attention to her. 
     “What is that?”  Fifi tossed her pony tail to the side smacking herself in the mouth and causing her to get a taste of hair product.  She lapped at the air twice trying to rid herself of the bitter taste.  “Oh, sorry I must have dropped that one by accident.”  Fifi walked closer tossing her ponytail again to the other side. “No, not the rock… that STUPID THING ON TOP OF YOUR HEAD!”  Helga played innocent and looked up at her crown as if it were a surprise. “Oh that, I just thought that I would spruce up my outfit a little, you know a girl’s gotta accessorize every once in a while to keep it fresh.”  Fifi got so close to Helga that she could smell Fifi’s rancid breath.  It smelled like to Helga that the food that was served for lunch must have been considered a delicacy to Fifi because based on the aroma she drank a five gallon bucket of it.  “NO! THIS GIRL DOESN’T KNOW THE IMPORTANCE OF ACCESSORIZING!” The words sounded stiff and unnatural coming out of Fifi’s mouth with her strong accent. “THIS GIRL KNOWS THE IMPORTANCE OF WEARING THE REGULATED UNIFORM… Do you know why we have a regulated uniform?” Helga was feeling particularly daring and rebellious after the dwarf had been wronged. “No, please enlighten me,” Helga said in a sarcastic sweet voice.  
     She was waiting for the retaliation, to be strung up to the back of the truck, or to wear the pot of lunch as a helmet, but it never came.  Instead Fifi just stood there paralyzed with fear staring directly behind her and shaking slightly.  Helga pushed her luck, “What? Really I want to know! In fact, I also want to know why we can’t use those wheel barrels over there to move the rocks.  What practical purpose could that serve?”  Fifi just kept staring, her breathing labored and her eyes wide. “Are you all just too stubborn or COMPLETELY NUMB and incapable of listening to reason?”  
     “Helga,” came a soft voice to the side of her.  It was Kira and she looked terrified.  Kira pointed directly behind her and she saw it.  A huge hulking werewolf like creature was slowly stalking towards her from the woods.  Drool was pouring out of its mouth as it pointed its long sharp yellow claw directly at Helga and gave a low echoing roar.  Fifi gave a high-pitched squeal and all of the slaves and guards scattered like ants under a rock.  There were screams all around, as time seemed to slow and Helga just lay there staring back at the sinister looking creature that was at least four times her size.  
     The creature stood directly over her and snatched Helga up by her burlap sack.  As the werewolf did this, she sprung to life and started hitting the creature back.  Kira grew a large tree branch that she broke off and bravely tried to use as a bat against it, but she was tossed aside like a rag doll.  The creature started to run back to the forest now faster and faster.  With the trees speeding past her, Helga shouted with her remaining strength, “KIRA!” 
     The creature kept running and kept running through the woods, until Helga had given up all hope and knew in her heart that this thing was taking her back to its lair for food.  This is was the sad lowly end to her already abysmal tale; she knew it.  They reached a large clearing with a gigantic mud hut.  The werewolf dropped her to the ground, its fangs dripping with drool right onto her face.
     Out of the corner of her eye Helga noticed something extremely odd.  There was a tiny brown creature climbing atop the werewolf.  It climbed all the way over to its shoulder without the creature noticing or caring, which seemed lucky to Helga as it would almost certainly think nothing of making it a quick appetizer.  She decided she would wait until the werewolf ate this creature and was sufficiently distracted before she would try to escape.  The werewolf stopped suddenly, its huge foot pads acting as brakes and digging into the dark soil.  As the tiny brown creature climbed closer, Helga became aware that it was none other than Peanut- Jenny’s playful pet.  
Chapter 11
     “Okay, we’re trying to save her, not scare her to death,” said a voice behind the huge hulking werewolf.  It was kind and confident; it suddenly dawned on Helga whose voice it was, just before Wesley’s face popped out from behind.  The werewolf melted away transforming into the figure that she recognized as Jenny.  “What are you two doing here?! I mean not that I’m not happy to see you.  A few moments ago I thought I was about to be eaten by you, and now here we are.”  Wesley signaled to go inside the hut, where they all took comfortable seats on large and unexpectedly lavish plush couches. There was a warm purple and blue fire illuminating the walls and faces of her friends that she sorely missed and needed in this desperate hopeless place.  “The Goddess sent us,” said Wesley, as the blue light flickered across his face, “She sent us here on a mission.”  Helga’s brain branched out into a thousand different directions like a drop of food coloring splashing into a clear glass of water, “What kind of mission?”  Helga felt a tiny scratch against her leg and looked down to see that Peanut was working feverishly with a small metal pick to release Helga’s leg bracelet.  With a yelp of satisfaction the tiny primitive beast had unlocked the leg brace.  It grabbed the dull metallic contraption and swung it around its head several times with a strong war cry that would make Attila the Hun run for cover.  After a few sharp fruitless bites, the poor wretch tossed the brace to the side and cuddled up alongside Jenny’s now hairless neck.  
      Wesley handed Helga a warm mug of hot apple cider, which she greedily guzzled down like a thirsty camel.  She felt the warm liquid bring her some sense of reality, as she closed her eyes for a moment and imagined she were alive.  She tried once more to summon forth images or even a flash of her former life, but sadly nothing came.  She sat staring at her empty hands like a fisherman that had pulled up his last expectant haul empty.  “What kind of mission,” she repeated, bringing herself back to the perilous present.  She swung her mug and gave it a few swirls over the cotton candy blue fire.  “We’re her to save you so that you can start your destiny.”
    Helga winked incredulously at Wesley who seemed annoyed at her well-founded suspicion.  “You’re going to free all of the slaves of course.”  Helga cocked her head sideways and twitched her nose. “I’m going to do what now?” “You’re going to help free all of the slaves.  The Goddess has already told me all about it.  You have nothing to worry about.  You’ll do wonderfully.”  Helga cocked her head to the opposite side and stood there for a moment before realizing that all of her head movement must make her slightly resemble a chicken.  
     “How am I supposed to free everyone in my camp?  There are hundreds of people just in my camp.” Wesley chuckled with Jenny for a moment as peanut ran around the two circling quickly, unsure of what was happening, but certain that the energy among the group was mounting.  “I don’t just mean the group in your camp… you’re going to save them all,” Helga let the cup of cider fall to the ground in far too dramatic a fashion at the ridiculous statement that Wesley made. “What do you mean “all of them”? There are billions of slaves from every world siphoned into this one.”  Helga swept the shattered remains of the cup into a small pile on the straw floor of the hut.  “Yeah,” Jenny shook her hand smiling with genuine gratitude as Peanut ran around and shook her other hand mimicking his mom as she said, “and they are going to be so happy.”
     Helga fell onto the ground with her eyes closed.  She wished for a moment that she would from whatever sick fantasy this was. She wanted to bethrown back into the normal world; the normal world where she could disappear into a good book, or snuggle  into her bed until she had completely disappeared under the blankets.  For a brief moment she wished that she could become that little pudgy school girl nothing that no one could remember including herself.  She opened her eyes and saw Peanut, the big furry monkey monkey-like creature staring her in the face and practically screaming, “HEY!!! I’m your destiny… probably the most important thing that you will ever do in your life or death.  How dare you ignore me? Wake up! Stand up and become what you were meant to be.”
     Helga stood up. She wasn’t entirely sure what she was supposed to do, but she was fairly certain that it would not involve lying down on the ground staring into Peanut’s mouth that was curiously free of periodontal disease.  “Well,” Helga looked around seeming to prematurely accept her fate, “How do you plan on me accomplishing that?”  “The same way that you got out,” said Wesley in a way that made all of her concerns about the practicality of a plan like that seem as trivial as taking out the garbage. 
     Peanut held up the leg bracelet to Helga and after she grabbed it he bowed down several times like he were in the presence of some giant deity.  “Thanks little guy,” she brushed the top of his head affectionately before placing him onto Jenny’s shoulder, “I could use all the encouragement I can get. I understand how you want me to just recreate what just happened billions of times and become some great messiah, but I just don’t see it happening.  I’m not the one.  The Goddess must have gotten it wrong.” 
     Wesley grabbed onto Helga’s chin and looked directly into her eyes, “The Goddess is never wrong.  She felt you out-you out of everyone in the entire universe.  I don’t entirely understand it, but everything that the Goddess says isn’t meant to be understood.  You have to feel it.  You have to hear her words and be moved to action.  Don’t think about what you have to do Helga… if you overthink it, you won’t allow yourself to do what it needed.  Just do it.”  Helga grabbed another mug of cider from Jenny, who was being surprisingly quiet for what limited experience Helga had with her.  
     “Do you know the story of David and Goliath?” Helga pursed her lips to the side; she was caught unaware by the sudden assault of religion that she thought she had left behind in life.  “I’ve never really been the religious sort.” Helga crossed her arms, finding herself instantly closed off to what Wesley was saying.  “It’s not like that… I just… I’m just asking, do you know it?” “Yeah, why?” Helga uncrossed her arms and looked at Wesley, her body language requesting him to simply get to the point.  “Well, I first learned the story from someone who came down here, one of my cases, from your world.”
      Peanut had somehow managed to find a small piece of dried fruit among the disaster area that was the hut and was munching on it with trepidation as if he were in a movie theatre devouring a bucket of buttery popcorn during the most exciting part.  
     “Well… what do you know about it?” Helga sighed loudly, “Well there’s this giant Goliath and even though he’s terrible and powerful, then this little shrimp David comes along and takes him down.” Wesley smiled at her acknowledgement, “And took him down with?” Wesley bent down and picked up a pebble off the ground.  Helga gasped as Wesley twirled the tiny pebble around in his hand, “Is that… a token?” Wesley took a deep breath and then snorted loudly, laughing at how suddenly serious Helga had become.  “No,” Wesley let out another loud laugh and allowed himself a moment to cool down before saying, “no… it’s just a symbol.” “Of what?” Helga was slightly annoyed that he had snickered at her before, but he gave her a look that meant he was could not be more serious about what he was about to say.  “It’s a symbol of being able to take down a big evil tyrant with a small tiny pebble of positive energy and hope, despite the odds, despite it not making much sense.”
    “Okay… I get it.” Helga tossed the pebble carelessly to the ground and Wesley picked it up. “No, I don’t think that you do.” He put the pebble back in her hand and she raised her eyebrow incredulously.  “See how easy that was?  Tossing it away like that?  That’s just how easy it is to toss away your positivity.  You are going to be surrounded by negative images and people your whole life, but you just have to keep reminding yourself not to get sucked into it.  That seemingly insignificant pebble of hope and positive energy is the most powerful weapon you can ever have in the world.”  Helga was still a little skeptical and was not entirely sure if Wesley wanted her to hold on to the silly symbolic rock, but she put it in her pocket just to be safe.
     “So what do I do? Just waltz back out to the rocks like nothing happened and then convince everyone to put on little flower jewelry of their own?” Helga snorted at the ridiculousness of the idea. “Exactly,” said Wesley.  “The Goddess has requested that you stop by to see her after,” Wesley took a broom that was hanging from the side of the hut and swept away the straw on the ground revealing a hidden trap door.  “After you’ve made it into the woods again, come back here and use this hidden passage to get to the Goddess’s castle.  We’ll be busy rounding up the rest of the slaves and breaking their ankle bracelets.”  
     Helga thought the whole thing was completely ludicrous, but if she were being completely honest with herself everything since she’s died has been completely absurd.  “You’ll have to do it alone though, we’ll be busy rounding up volunteer’s to turn into nasty werewolves with Wesley’s nifty token that he never told me about.” Wesley winked at Jenny, “There’s a lot you don’t know about me,” Peanut licked Wesley’s face as if there was a strong possibility one of the things he was not revealing was that his face was sculpted out of peanut butter.  “How am I supposed to get back?” “Just follow the path through the woods.  It will be a ways, but it’s a straight shot opposite the hut. Everything will be fine, the Goddess assured us. Just try not to draw attention to the fact that your ankle bracelet is off.  It should be easy enough to blend in there.”  The three of them enjoyed the remainder of the cider in silence, just enjoying the warm blue glow of the fire and relishing in the calm before the storm. 
Chapter 12
     Helga gave the little pebble in her pocket a tiny squeeze and let out a big sigh before thanking them for removing the ankle bracelet and headed outside with some difficulty as Peanut held onto her foot and put up an adorable, but ultimately futile attempt to prevent Helga from leaving the hut.  When she got outside, she noticed how dark red the sky had gotten since she had first made her way to the hut against her better judgment.
       She started along the path that led back to the Yard of Agony.  As the trees past her, she was deep in thought about how she was going to accomplish such a ridiculous task.  She wondered how the little downtrodden dwarf had made out through the rest of the day.  She could not imagine that Fifi would be able to come up with anything to make that dwarf’s existence more miserable than it already was, but then again Fifi seemed to have a very active imagination when it came to torture.  
     Most of all she thought of how very much she missed Kira and hoped that she was making it through the day alright.  Kira must have blamed herself for making the crown of flowers that, as far as she still knew, caused a horrific bloodthirsty werewolf to snatch Helga up and eat her.  She did not want Kira to worry anymore and noticed that she had subconsciously picked up her speed.  Before long, she had arrived at a very much abandoned work site.  Helga was unsure if she was just arriving so late that the work day had already ended, or if they had removed the slaves in the area because of the attack.  Either way,  she knew that she had to get to Kira as quickly as possible.  
     Helga made her way stepping over the vast heaps of rocks the looked like they had been slightly shifted throughout the day.  A sudden burst of inspiration came across her when she saw the wheel barrels.  She grabbed hold of one and knew exactly what she wanted to do with it.  With fierce determination, she made her way to where Kira’s shelter was in the Yard of Agony bee-lining around giant boulders and stopping suddenly whenever she heard a noise she thought might be one of the Boss’s spies.  She got to Kira’s little cardboard shelter, which had since been even further reinforced to include a large fence constructed around the perimeter which served as a means to privacy for the small sobbing girl within.  Kira had her face buried in some spare scraps of burlap sack that she had scavenged for a pillow.  
     “She’s gone! She was my only friend and now she’s gone!” Kira sobbed quietly to herself as Helga snuck up behind her with a smirk across her face.  “No she’s not…” Helga was speaking with a ghostlike tone even though she was not entirely sure if the reference would be relevant on the world that Kira came from.  Kira continued to sob harder and angrier into her rag-tag pillow, “Yes she is! Don’t tell me she’s not! I lost my best friend today! She got taken by a petrifying werewolf beast! I saw it with my own eyes! Now, if you don’t mind I’m trying to grieve.”
     Helga chuckled to herself.  “Look buster, I don’t know who you think you are laughing at someone when they’re completely miserabl-” Kira turned around and stopped short staring at Helga with disbelief.  “You were saying?” Helga crossed her arms playfully as Kira just stood gawking.  “You!” She smacked Helga’s arm hard making a loud noise.  Helga quickly hushed her and the two ducked down behind the private fence constructed from trees.  Kira whispered so intensely she may as well have been shouting, “You… how did you survive?”  “I did more than that… notice anything peculiar.” 
     Helga showed off her bare ankle and Kira looked puzzled, “You need a bath?”  “No! My… buzz buzz…” Helga did not want to risk saying the words ankle bracelet for fear that someone might hear and ruin all the trouble and strife she went to in order to get the thing removed.  It clearly was not sinking in with Kira so Helga said it again, this time miming being electrocuted, “My… buzz… buzz!”  Kira gasped when she noticed, “OOOOHHHH! Ohhhh… oh… your umm… your buzz, buzz.  Yes! Well, how on earth did you manage to get your buzz buzz to buzz itself off of your leg?”  Helga brushed her shoulder off proud of her accomplishments, but attempting to keep an air of mystery about it for coolness sake, “Well, let’s just say that the creepy monster actually turned out to be an old friend.  It was a friend that is willing to help us do the exact thing that we were talking about before.”  Kira was having some difficulty picking up on all of the cues that Helga was dropping, but she got the general idea.  “Well… how do we do that thing?”  Helga peered over the fence to make sure that no one was listening and then directed Kira’s attention to the wheel barrel.  “You see that wheel barrel?” “You know we won’t be able to use that tomorrow.  The dwarf asked to use it again while you were gone and Fifi stuffed her in it and used it to send her flying down a steep hill.” 
     Helga looked over the fence one more time paranoid that someone might be watching.  “We’re not going to use it tomorrow.  We’re going to use it tonight.  I need your help though.  We have to fill it with flower jewelry.”  Kira seemed somewhat hesitant. “We have nothing to lose Kira, just trust me on this.” Kira nodded and the two got to work filling the wheel barrel with an assortment of hundreds of pieces.  There were necklaces, bracelets, anklets, earrings, even a few grass skirts that Kira came up with on a whim after being bored with the last few creations.  They spent countless hours constructing them through the night until the it was full.
     As a pair, they cautiously walked around to as many of the slaves as they could explaining to them as simply and quickly as possible that there was a way for them to get out of this place and not to be frightened of the creatures from the woods.  They then explained that after the work shift started tomorrow, they would need to put on their handcrafted jewelry and someone would come for them to set them free.  It took them virtually all night talking and sneaking in between shelters and passing out the jewelry.   Some of the more intimidating creatures like trolls and centaurs in particular seemed skeptical of wearing the flowery pieces, but after Helga explained how it would set them free and showed her ankle free of the constricting bracelet the joined the cause.       
     Helga gave Kira a quick hug and thanked her for the work that she had done before rolling the now empty wheel barrel back over to its previously undisturbed home.  She trekked back over to the dark woods.   As the sky began to clear up with the deep red changing to a bright blue, she poked her head out from behind a large tree just watching and waiting for the perfect moment to strike.  She kept waiting and waiting until she heard the strong and instantly discernable whistle of Fifi the tyrant.  
     The various groups including Fifi’s were brought over to the rocks and they started their endless tiresome task of transporting the rocks over to the trucks.  Helga took a few deep breaths, she held onto them for a bit, pushing out all of the fear of the consequences that might follow if the plan were not to succeed out of her head.  This was it.  This was what she was doing.  She ran out from behind the trees screaming loudly and looking back as if there were some terrible beast behind her trying to ignore the terrible beast known as Fifi in front of her.
     “They’re coming to get us! Run for your lives!”  She saw out of the corner of her eye the dwarf that had faced so much abuse smiling as she put on her necklace.  A few others followed suit as Fifi walked over to Helga rage flaming out of her eyes.  “Just what do you think you’re doing?!”  “They attacked me! The creatures! I just barely got away, but I think they’re coming back to get me… to get all of us.  More than half of Fifi’s group of slaves now was cautiously putting on their pieces of jewelry and it was spreading like a virus to the other groups.
     “Ignore her the girl is clearly crazy! You’re going to be locked up little one.  Locked up someplace where they can keep you quiet so the rest of us can work without interruption and…” Fifi’s eyes trailed down to the one thing that she wanted them to avoid finding, her bare ankle.  Fifi turned around and saw her group now completely covered in flowered jewelry.  “Just what is going on here?!”  
     The group of slaves looked completely mortified.  Helga stood still trying not to affect the morale of everyone by being strong, but on the inside she was hysterical wondering if Wesley and Jenny were coming at all, or if they had gotten captured.  They mentioned that they were getting other volunteers; Helga stewed in the possibility that one of those volunteers might have ratted them out to the Boss.  Maybe no one was coming.  Maybe she had taken on more than she could handle.
     “I don’t know what you all are planning here, but I’m going to get to the bottom of it.”  Fifi grabbed Helga by the hair and started dragging her.  There was a loud shrill scream, but to Helga’s surprise it wasn’t her own.  Then came another and another until the entirety of the Yard of Agony was full of the cry of the souls that had been suffering there for years. “What is this nonsense,” said Fifi dropping Helga to the ground.  Helga ran towards the screaming to see what was going on.  She tried to peer over the large almost impenetrable wall of slaves.  She muscled her way to the front and saw it.  There were hundreds of the volunteers disguised with the token as werewolf creatures taking the slaves away to the woods.  The Yard of Agony erupted in complete and utter chaos as even the sound of the sirens were drowned out by the voices both terrified and excited.  
     Helga made a break for the forest.  She ran past a troll that was giving a volunteer a particularly hard time holding onto a boulder and screaming, “You won’t eat me! You wouldn’t even like the way I taste… very leathery… rubbery… It would be similar to eating an old shoe!”  Helga thought for a moment that she might try to stop and explain to the troll that the werewolf creature was only trying to help, but she decided that she had more important things to worry about.  She did, after all, have to meet with the Goddess.  The thought of meeting the woman behind so much inspiration and beauty revitalized Helga, and she picked up speed making her way through the woods almost as quickly as the disguised volunteers that were passing her in both directions, some already coming back to save others.
     After a bit, she knew that she had reach the hut before she even saw it.  She heard Jenny shouting for order among the saved, “Alright, just stay in line here and little peanut will take off your ankle bracelet.  After he’s done so you’re going to want to go straight through the hut to the tunnel.  At the end of the tunnel is The Goddess’s castle.  There we have food and other volunteers ready to take care of you and protect you.  Just please be patient.” 
     Jenny was having some trouble managing the crowd, but a few of the volunteers stopped after they dropped off their slaves.  “How are you going to protect us against the Boss.  Nobody can protect us against her.” Jenny caught Helga’s gaze and she motioned for her to go onto the tunnel before pushing back an overly eager imp who cut in line.  Poor peanut looked overworked, but committed to his task quickly releasing the ankle bracelets as the appreciative slaves rubbed their raw skin.  Helga fished her way through the crowd again reaching the tunnel, which was packed with a line of creatures holding onto nothing but their freedom and the idea that something better was waiting for them on the other end.  
Chapter 13
     As Helga began the slow arduous march along the tunnel, she began to become extremely frustrated with the giant in front of her whose posterior was blocking her entire field of vision and the elf behind her who had some bells dangling from his shoes that kept clanging and ringing.  The bells generously provided a repetitive and annoying noise. Helga became certain after a while, if she listened to the noise long enough it would drive her completely mad.  
     “Could you please take those relentlessly ringing bells off of your shoes!” Helga spat the words out with a rage then had been pent up for the entire twenty minutes she had been in the tunnel.  “HEY! What’s the hold up,” shouted a creature behind the elf that looked like a well-informed manatee librarian.  The manatee pushed back his thick leering spectacles as rumbles of further discontent came from down the line. 
    “I just can’t keep walking with this obnoxious ringing in my ears.” The elf huffed and tapped his foot with his hand on his hips causing the ringing to become even more erratic and Helga to groan loudly with stress.  “Are you trying to make some kind of joke lady?! These are my feet.  I can’t take them off any more than you can take that smug look off of your face.”
     A few people behind the elf clamored in support.  Helga looked down and saw that they were indeed his feet as oddly shaped as they were.  The bells seemed to be attached like a permanent earing to the tips of them.  Helga huffed and turned back around jogging to make up the distance between her and the giant.  
     “Humans… always trying to cause some kind of trouble.  They’re so overdramatic just like they show in those awful reality television shows,” The manatee pushed up his spectacles again and waddled on to catch up with the rest of the line.
     Helga continued to walk for what was beginning to seem like hours, using her hands over her ears at first to muffle the noise of the ringing, and then using a piece of her burlap sack that she tore off and wrapped around her head like a ninja’s costume.  She stared at the misshaped and grungy looking bricks they were walking on, counting them until she saw a beam of light hit the floor in front of her.  It came all at once as the giant’s shadow must have blocked it out before, but she could see it now in full view.  She stepped out of the tunnel into the fresh clean air and looked at the castle from her dreams.  
     There was soft fluffy grass covering the hills like a blanket and stretching down to the river moat surrounding the castle.  Helga took in the decadent beauty of the glittering rainbow castle and the courtyard full of statues, including the big one of the Goddess from her dreams. It had the same light blonde hair that traveled up to the heavens and a sparkly sequin gown with a green leaf back piece.  She looked like a giant flower.  To the right of the castle was a sign that read, “Yard of Glamour” in bright purple cursive across a white marble sign. 
      The yard itself was really more of a big field, which didn’t really surprise Helga as that seemed to be the case with most yards in the afterlife.  What did surprise her though, was what was in the yard.  There were giant healthy looking trees and bushes containing the most mouth-watering fruit in all colors and varieties she had ever seen.  The Yard of Glamor was full of creatures whose happiness seemed to melt away like creamy butter on toast.  All of them were feasting on the spectacular array of food peppered throughout the greenery.  
     Helga decided that they had the right idea and walked over to a large tree, grabbing a sparkling deep purple fruit shaped like a playing card.  It was the strange looking, but she took a massive bite and her taste buds floated away in pure ecstasy.  She keep munching until the entire thing was gone in a matter of seconds.  All around her were cries of bliss, and a long struggle that had temporarily left the wanderers; they were soaking in the warm glow of the sun and basking in the overwhelmingly positive energy all around them.  
     “Are you all checked in my dear?” A light cozy sounding voice came behind Helga as she was looking around. “Sorry I didn’t mean to startle you.  My name is Gwen,” said the beautiful looking fairy whose light green skin and soft pink wings blended right into the scenery.  “What’s your name? I’ll need to get you all checked in.” Helga was suddenly alerted to the fact that she wasn’t sure where her work assignment card was, “I’m sorry I don’t have my paperwork.  I’m not sure wha- I must have dropped it or something, just please don’t make me leave.” Gwen smiled sympathetically, “Oh now, don’t you worry your pretty little heart about any of that nonsense.  We don’t care about that here.  What’s your name?” Helga laughed awkwardly she was so completely overcome by the complete and genuine nice demeanor Gwen had. “It’s Helga.  Helga Reifschneider.”  “Is that with a c h?” “Yeah,” Helga said completely dumbfounded that someone not only took the time and energy to get her full name, but was able to spell it correctly too.
     “Well, I’ve got you all signed in here.  You can just hang out in the yard here and make yourself comfortable.  There are enough warm wooden cabins on the far end for everyone and you should be able to find a nice plush bed there with some clean linens.   We’re supposed to have a special speaker here tomorrow that’s going to give us further instructions.”  Helga relished the thought of sleeping, as she had just spent the entire evening passing out the jewelry to set everything in motion.  She felt the heavy weight of the bags building under her eyes, before she was shot back to reality.  “I need to see the Goddess,” Helga could hardly believe that she had just spent so much time dawdling around, “she requested that I go see her after I make it here.”  Gwen seemed surprised, but pleased for her.  “Not many people ever get to meet the Goddess in person, she is a very private, but loving woman. You must have done something special to grab her attention.”  Helga stuttered attempting to think of the best response so that Gwen was not suspicious and eventually landed on the truth, “I helped free all the slaves from my camp.”  
     Gwen jumped towards Helga making her flinch as she gave her a deep family-style hug that made her blush.  Gwen stepped back and just looked at her with admiration, “I wasn’t sure if you were that Helga or not, but that proves it.  Word travels fast around here.  You’re something of a celebrity.”  Helga had thought of herself as many different things, awkward, frumpy and pudgy among a few of them.  One thing that she had never considered herself before though, was a celebrity.  “You had better head up there,” Gwen nudged her.  Helga spouted out without thinking, “Where?” “Where else?”  Gwen pointed to the large sparkling castle that could not be any more obvious if it tried.  
     Helga gave Gwen another snug hug and headed down a steep hill to the entrance of the castle.  There was a large bridge made out of some sort of glossy dark wood and there were intricate sculptures of various carved animals detailing the entire structure.  Helga thought it must have taken someone a lifetime to get all of the little unique features and scales from each one of the creatures into this magnificent piece of art.  It almost felt disrespectful to walk on it, but she decided that she had to get to the Goddess and the only way to do that was use the bridge for what it was intended for.  She walked over it and through the courtyard, resisting the temptation to stop and fixate on the massive statues as she thought she might already be late for her appointment with the Goddess.  She carefully swung open the massive stained glass doors and stood for a moment taking in her surroundings.  
     The vision in front of her was completely breathtaking.  Helga wondered how many people actually had the privilege of setting foot inside this unbelievably beautify building.  The ceiling was like the Sistine chapel, but instead of religious figures there were just hundreds of portraits of gorgeous women of all shapes, colors, races and species in their full nude form with long draping velvet fabric stringing between them.  Each female portrait was connected to the other by a stretched limb, each forming its own unique silhouette. 
      There was a jarring blue light emanating from a massive glass tank at the back of the room that covered the full expanse of the room.  Several mermaids were playfully swimming and splashing each other while dolphins, otters and sea turtles tried to dodge out of the way.  On either side of the tank was a majestic looking white marble winding staircase that led up to a balcony.  The same white marble covered the floor and clicked whenever Helga took a step forward.  On the walls throughout the hall were gigantic regal mirrors laced with gold floral frames, similar to the ones in the tangerine alley.  
     Helga took a few steps forward and noticed the tall divine figure standing beneath a soft purple light at the very highest point of the balcony.  The figure was wearing what looked like a deconstructed rainforest.  There were large waxy leaves coming of the sides and bright pink and yellow flowers jutting in between the leaves, leading up the biggest updo that Helga had ever seen.  There were vines intermingled with the blond hair.  The figure was like some strange alien that had fallen from the sky.  She was the most beautiful thing that Helga had ever seen.  The figure turned around.  It was her-the Goddess.
     When the Goddess turned she revealed her signature mask made of mirrors; it was the same mask she had on all of her statues. “Come up so that I can get a better look at you darling,” said the bright and feminine voice.  With her legs shaking, Helga somehow managed to force them over and began climbing the large marble stairs.  She reached the top and could really appreciate the that level of detail that had gone into the Goddess’s dress was the same amount of detail that went into the bridge outside.  There were tiny bugs made out of jewels placed on the waxy leaves, which were made out of a shiny plastic fabric.  “Surprised?”
       The Goddess took off the mirror mask revealing a perfectly contoured face heavy with makeup.  There was a blue-green shimmering eye shadow that matched the bright turquoise glittered lipstick.  There was thick black eyeliner that was drawn out and exaggerated looking like the eye of an Egyptian queen.  The longer she stared transfixed at the face, the more familiar it became to her.  The Goddess winked at Helga and it suddenly clicked.
     “Wesley?!”  Helga’s mouth dropped open.  She could not believe what she was seeing.  This beautiful woman in front of her was, in fact, not a woman, but one of the first people she had come to trust in this crazy place.  “How is this possible?”  “Oh, don’t be so surprised.  Drag queens have been around forever.  Some of the most beautiful women in history are men.”  Helga smiled and laughed making her first spirited attempt to process this insanity.  “I meant what I said by the way… about you being special.  I still believe that with my whole heart.  That’s why I sought you out.  We have to get to work.”  The Goddess turned from the balcony and started swishing down a long stretch of hallway, signaling Helga to come along.  As they started walking along, Helga couldn’t help but think that it looked vaguely like a runway.  “There are a lot of people out there that are looking for someone to lead them.  They need someone to take their creative essence and use it to guide them out of the shadow of the Corporation.  That someone is you Helga.”  
     “How do you expect me to-” Helga stopped herself.  She did not want to disrespect Wesley after all he had already done for her, but she could not see herself aspiring to become some sort of powerful voice that leads anyone to do anything.  “The only thing I expect from you is your very best.  If you go into this, putting your full creative essence into it, your whole self, then you will not fail.  I’ve seen it.  There are two kinds of people- those with the ability to create, and those who need to create.  The ones that need to crave it; without creativity they lose their minds.  I’m afraid that’s what is going to happen to our world here.  You’ve already seen it.  The Boss is taking over more locations, her influence is growing and I’m losing my grip.  I’m only a figure head, but you’ll be the one to bring back hope to these people.” 
     They stopped at the end of the hall where another mirror was waiting for them.  Helga thought how absurd the two of them looked together a massively tall gorgeous drag queen with a perfect silouhette, emanating the very spirit of art and this chubby plain little girl.  Wesley noticed Helga looking at herself with judgment in her eyes.  “You are going to need to constantly remind yourself that you are beautiful.  The way that you just looked at me in the mirror, that’s how you have to start seeing yourself.”  Wesley brushed her hair and Helga let out a silent unrestrained tear. “It won’t be easy.  You have to work at it every day until you see what I see.  A Goddess-capable of changing the world by marking it with your own personal brand of beauty.” Helga gave her reflection a soulful smirk.  
     “I can tell you’re still not fully convinced, but I need you to let go of your doubt before we start this journey.”  Wesley changed out of his drag into what he was first wearing when they met using the token he had used in the alley.  He changed Helga’s outfit into a gold rouged gown with a large feather boa and gave them both masquerade masks to hide their identities behind.  He handed her a pair of matching gold opera-style binoculars a kept a second pair for himself.  “Where are we going?” Wesley smiled, his lips wiped clean of the blue glittered lipstick, “The Theater of course.”  
Chapter 14
     Wesley looked back at the mirror and pressed his hand against it closing his eyes. He took off his masquerade mask and, like a Russian nesting doll, revealed the mirror mask beneath. He pressed his whole body against the mirror.  Helga was unclear as to what he was trying to accomplish by doing this, but it became clear, as did the mirror changing before her eyes.   The mirror became the sidewalk of a busy city street and the two stepped out among the crowd forming a line at the entrance to the theatre.  The theatre was much less spectacular than she thought.  Several of the bulbs were burnt out and letters were missing from the sign that was supposed to read “Fun Family Campsite Musical.” Below the sign was a smaller misspelled sign, which read, “uder knew man-age-meant.” Helga wondered if The Boss had hired Peggy the troll to write out the signage in all of her buildings.
     To her surprise Wesley turned to the side, pulling her hand along to the side entrance of the theatre.  “Isn’t the entrance over there?” Wesley rolled his eyes, “You’re crazy if you think I’m paying money for this dribble.”  Wesley placed the masquerade mask over the other, and they walked up to the side door where a muscular robot security guard stood with his arms crossed.  “Just where do you think you’re going?!” Wesley casually held up his hand as he walked by, “We’re actors! Unless you want to explain to the Boss why her featured musical production was missing two tap dancing bears in the third act back off!”  Wesley bobbed his head to the side signaling her to keep moving and the two made their way to a pair of rather uncomfortably stiff and starchy chairs in the audience.
     As the two sat flipping through a pair of programs that was left on the seats Helga asked, “If you know the play is going to be bad, then what are we doing here?”  Wesley looked solemn as if he were speaking about someone close to him that had passed away, “I need you to see what… her touch does to art.  This place was mine once and we housed the most beautiful groundbreaking productions the Afterlife had ever scene.  Full of edgy material that made the audience reflect on their own lives.  Since she’s taken over… it’s dead.”  Helga was not quite sure what Wesley meant by that, but she was sure that she was about to find out.  As she continued to leaf through the pamphlet, she noticed there was really nothing about the play at all.  It was an entire booklet of ads, including an ad with instructions on how to place more ads.  As she continued to look through for some scrap of evidence regarding what the play was about, the lights dimmed.
     The lights came up on a very tacky looking campsite set with a cheery looking family.  Before the actors could even get a line out a booming voice that Helga recognized as belonging to the Judge came over the loud speaker, “Tonight’s performance is sponsored by your friends at Happy Happy Family Fun Campsite… Goodness It’s quality safe family fun.  Also, your friends at General Maddie’s Hot Dog palace… mmm… tastes like real dog! Lastly, we couldn’t forget our patrons at Freddy’s Fire Extinguisher Company. If there’s a fire that their extinguisher can’t put out they’ll mail you a bucket of water to get the job done for free.  That’s Freddy’s guarantee.”  
     The actors sprung to life and it quickly became apparent that they were even less talented than the classroom squid teacher that Helga had taken care of before.  With each misstep and line flub Wesley became more and more irritated.  It was clear that the only thing that bothered him more than the terrible performances were the actors who came walking through the middle of each scene holding giant advertisements for the sponsors.  In one case an actor who was holding a sign for General Maddie’s Hot Dog Palace actually knocked down another actor in the middle of a song about how happy she was to be in the middle of the woods with her loving family.  The poor actress was knocked down into the orchestra pit and screamed with pain for the duration of the song as the determined orchestra played on.  By the time the musical had gotten to the song with tap dancing bears, as Wesley had previously forewarned, he clutched the armrest of his seat and turned to Helga whispering loudly, “That’s it! I’ve had enough.”  
     Helga never thought it was polite to speak during a live performance, even one as bad as this, but Wesley looked determined, so she made an exception.  “Which way do we get out?” “Oh, we’re not going anywhere yet…” Wesley winked at her, but it did not provide the usual comforting feeling that typically went along with it.  Instead she became highly concerned that he was going to do something drastic and embarrassing like put her on stage in a bear costume and attempt to take over the performance like a group of pirates commandeering a sinking ship to keep it afloat.  
     Wesley and Helga shuffled through the crowd that was transfixed and in some cases clapping mid-performance at the tap dancing bears.  The two walked right up to the side of the stage without being noticed and Helga started to get really worried.  “What are we doing?!” Wesley held up a bright pink refillable lighter with The Goddess’s silhouette in black.  He sparked it on and handed it to Helga who held it with trepidation.  “Hold this.  I’ll be right back.”
     Wesley shoved open the door to the back of the stage while Helga stayed put.  As she watched the flame flicker, she heard an unknown voice scream over the performance, “Wait, what are you doing?! Don’t touch that!” Helga watched the stage as several large buckets of motor oil, no doubtable used for some mechanical set device or a motor powered advertisement came crashing down on the stage.  As the oil fell everywhere the tap dancing bears started to trip over each other.  
     A pair of large trolls dressed up like geese for a later number came falling from their perch, hanging by a very large rope and crashing into each other face first.  One of the large trolls dressed like a goose fell crashing down onto the set, which shortly followed suit by toppling over.  The few remaining actors unbelievably kept attempting to dance through the scene with the inappropriately cheerful orchestra music playing even louder and more feverishly.  A pair of large old chicken creatures turned to each other in the audience and the larger one said, “This must be a new bit of choreography.  This wasn’t here last week.”
     As Helga started to get pulled towards the exit door she stopped, “Wait… what do you want me to do with this?”  She held up the lighter that she had been holding for a very long time and was starting to get hot.  “Oh, right… how thoughtless of me.”  Wesley carelessly grabbed the lighter and tossed it on stage as the whole theatre erupted into flames.  
     The large chicken turned to the other thrilled and said enthusiastically, “Oh! And it looks like they’ve increased their special effects budget too! How glorious! Leonard will be jealous he missed out on this one.”  A tap dancing bear pranced heroically onto the set with one of Freddy’s Fire Extinguishers.  “Not to worry! I’ll save you!” The bear gave a chuckle of reassurance, but as he went to spray the extinguisher it sputtered and then failed. The bear ran off the set, as if he had forgotten his lines, throwing the extinguisher and an unsuspecting actor that played a happy camper and was now exiting stage left screaming, “This is my nightmare! HAPPINESS IS A LIE!!! A FIREY TAP-DANCING LIE!!!” 
     Wesley lead Helga out the way that had come in as complete chaos engulfed the theatre.  They ran out to the alley to the sounds of alarms and screaming, and pushed their way through the mirror and back to the castle.  “That was a disaster!” Helga looked like a ghost.  She sat down clutching her chest as she sank against the wall. Wesley went over to comfort her, “I know! The musical arrangements were a complete joke, and if they threw one more blatant advertisement in there I swear I was going to puke all over the elf sitting in front of us.”
    Helga sighed finally calming herself down, “No, I meant the fire.  Why would you do something like that?”  Wesley furrowing his brow perturbed.  “Can’t you see what I’m trying to do here?” Helga found herself disagreeing with Wesley for the first time since they met. “No, I just don’t think it was right to scare people like that.” Wesley shook his head, “This isn’t a game we’re playing here! Those people will be fine.  The sprinker system in there costs more than the building, and I’m sure The Boss has the theater insured for more than its worth… I’m not trying to scare anyone here, but you should be scared.  She is going to take over every building, enslave every person, crush every creative thought, until this world is just functional and people have no hope… until art is dead.”  Wesley’s voice was shaking.  The two just stared at each other in silence for a long time.  
     Wesley turned back around and changed back to the Goddess.  “What I’m trying to create here is more than numbers, more than spreadsheets or templates, interviews or data.  I need to give people color.  People need color in their lives… to make it worth living.” Helga felt guilty, “I’m sorry… I just did not want to see anyone get hurt.”  Wesley just nodded.  “That’s why I need you to find a positive way to bring a peaceful resolution to this conflict.  There are millions of slaves gathered out there, that just want to get back home.  Now you helped set them free, but unless you make a statement it will only be temporary.  Tomorrow morning, you need to face the Corporation.  She’ll have an endless army of scared creatures and you need to bring our people to face them… to win.”
     Helga found it hard to process that just a little bit ago she was just a normal young girl going about her life, minding her business, very plain, chubby and invisible.  Now she was supposed to become some kind of undead war general.  Wesley could sense her unease.  “You’re not going to be alone.  You’ll have Jenny, the support of millions of people whose lives have been completely uprooted and this,” Wesley held out a token.  Helga snatched it up hoping it summoned some sort of Afterlife weapons of mass destruction or at least a few ghostly indestructible body guards.  “What does it do?” “You’ll know what it is for when you’re ready.  Just think of me when you use it.” 
     Helga spat out uncouthly, “What do you mean when I think of you!? Won’t I be thinking of you when you’re standing right next to me.”  There was an awkward pause where Helga just stared at Wesley expectantly, but he did not say anything, “You are standing next to me aren’t you? Or that you’ll be standing at least somewhere in the close vicinity?”  Wesley took a sigh that gave her the answer to her question before he even spoke it, “This isn’t my task.  This is a task that you have to overcome so that you become your fully realized self.” Helga shook her head in disbelief, as daunting as organizing an army seemed, it was even more so without the help of her closest friend in this place. “But I don’t like myself.  I’m awkward, flabby and certainly not capable of organizing.  You’ve got the wrong girl.”  
     Wesley grabbed her face by both cheeks and looked directly in her eyes, with the same intensity he did when he was speaking to her in the alley what seemed like ages ago.  “I’m not asking you to be the girl you were.  I’m asking you to be the girl you were meant to be-the full and uninhibited embodiment of everything that makes you you.  I have an image to uphold after all.  The Goddess is a figurehead that had been famous down here since the beginning.”  Wesley handed her the glass mirror mask that he had been wearing previously.  Wesley went on to explain that her bedroom was down the hall and to the left and that she should rest up before tomorrow.  
     When she got to the room that Wesley described, she found that it was no less lavish than the rest of the castle that he called home.  The room kept with the theme of the entranceway, and everything had a nautical touch to it, including a slightly smaller tank overlooking the bed that had a few dolphins and prehistoric looking creatures in it.  Helga went to the personal bathroom off to the side and took a shower letting the warm waters wash away the worries of the day. There was an underwater meditating rhythmic song coming from a glowing blue bulb that lit the bathroom in a low sleepy light.  She meditated on what she might do tomorrow, but ultimately decided to let it go and leave everything to chance, as she had no way of knowing or controlling the events and desperately needed a good night’s sleep.  She dried off and wrapped the towel particularly tightly around her body, unsure if there was some anthropomorphic being in the now dimly lit tank overlooking the room.  She retired to the bed and lulled herself into a deep dreamless sleep.  
Chapter 15
     When Helga awoke the next morning Wesley gave her a shimmering sapphire colored dress with matching heels that seemed to glow in waves.  She tried to protest against the practicality of wearing something like that into battle, but Wesley insisted, as she had to keep up the appearance and demeanor of the Goddess at all times while she was out among the world.  Wesley took her to a side stable of the castle and showed her a magnificent stallion adorned in matching blue jewels that was attached to a carriage colored three different shades of brilliant blue, side by side like a Neapolitan ice cream.
     “What do I say?” Helga was shaking as her hand clutched the door to the carriage.  “Just say whatever comes naturally.  Don’t try to be or say anything that you don’t agree with.  If you do well, come back and I’ll give you something you desperately want; A chance to revisit your past memories.”  Wesley shut the door on Helga just as she was going to bombard him with questions about the specifics of his offer.  The carriage started along the path to where all the slaves were gathered.  The horse clopped along gracefully until it reached a thing crystal podium with the Goddess’s silhouette on it.  
     All of the slaves were gathered and there were speakers sporadically throughout the endless crowd.  The door of the carriage swung open and Helga saw Jenny bow to her muttering it’s her.  Moments later the crowd was gasping and whispering to each other. Helga heard, “I can’t believe it’s her, it’s the Goddess,” from a small imp and a large Satyr said brightly, “She never makes appearances.  Maybe it really is happening… we’re going to be free.”  Helga walked slowly to the podium, careful not to let herself become overwhelmed with the situation.  As Helga reached the podium, she stood with one hand on her hip and used the other to wave daintily towards the crowd, which erupted into exuberant cheers.  Helga just stood there for a long time in awe of the power and hope that the Goddess inspired.  She saw trolls as big as houses weeping with joy and fairies flying around each other in circles playfully.  
     Helga had to speak, but she was unsure how to quiet the uproar.  She leaned in slightly the crowd watching her every move, and simply clapped her hands together twice.  To her complete bewilderment the crowd abruptly became respectfully quiet as if they were being watched over by a stern, but loving mother.  Jenny handed her a thin crystal microphone and she returned to the side bowing again.  She still was not sure what to do or say, but the people looked at her expectantly and she did what Wesley said to do; she closed her eyes a moment and put complete trust in her feelings, letting the truth spill out of her into the microphone.
     “I know that you’ve been hurt.  I know that each one of you have been hurting for a long time now.  You’ve been mistreated, abused, disrespected and frankly utilized like resource instead of a living being.  You’ve been treated like a resource to create wealth by those who already have plenty of it and those who are afraid to give up any of it to allow you the opportunity to live in dignity.  That stops today.”  The crowd became so loud she felt the ground beneath her shake.  The energy was electric and it sent chills through the air. 
      As she picked up the microphone again they quieted, entranced by her every word, “I am not here to tell you what to do.  I am here to show you that together we can create a world where you can do anything; a world where you can be anything and fulfill your dreams without the fear of a miserable impoverished existence.  Fear is the most powerful weapon they can use against you.  They will spend every bit of money they have just to convince you that you will lose everything.  I am telling you today that we have nothing left to lose.  They think they have won, but love, art and creativity cannot be beaten by fear or self-loathing.  Those are weapons that they will never understand because they cannot be bought. They are the weapons that are gifted to you because of the suffering that our enemies have put us through.   Together we will beat our own demons.  Together we will beat them and rise together to create a new world with our spirit as the foundation on which we build our beautiful house.” 
     Just as she finished the crowd exploded again into cheers.  As she walked over to step down and return to the carriage, she heard an explosion of a different kind.  The large gate to the south of them burst open with the Boss’s black lavish Medieval looking SUV breaking through the gate.  Helga braced herself for the worst as the car parked right beside the podium and the door swung open.  What she got was the second worst.  A pair of black floppy clown shoes stepped out onto the ground digging in.  The Judge got out and stood menacingly over Helga, who was thankful that Wesley had given her high heel shoes, otherwise it would make the clown seem even more intimidating.  
     “I would like a word with you,” the clown said with a sadistic, but somewhat nervous smile, as he eyed the gargantuan crowd behind her.  Helga did not want to seem weak in front of the enemy, but she also did not want to risk being attacked or captured.  She looked to Jenny and said coolly, “Its fine.”  Helga then turned towards the clown and pulled together every bit of fierceness she could muster, “The only thing keeping that crowd of millions of infuriated creatures from not ripping you limb from limb is me not saying “Boo!” so I strongly suggest you keep your unmanicured claws off me.” The clown nodded anxiously, “You have my word.” Helga scoffed, “Like that’s good for anything. I want the windows down.”  
     She blew a kiss to the audience zestfully before winking to Jenny and following the clown into the car.  Jenny had a dozen rough looking creatures surround the car, including the female dwarf Helga knew from Fifi’s camp who was grinding her fist into the palm of her other  hand and glaring at the clown. “The Boss has a message for you.  You need to call off this silly little uprising of yours, or there will be consequences.”  Helga stared coldly at the clown behind the mirror mask, “No… She needs to understand that there are already consequences on their way.  We’re coming to take back the city, and when we do there are going to be a few changes.”  The clown honked his nose with malice, “Do you really think you’ll succeed?  You’re just going to cause these creatures more pain than they’ll be able to handle.  You would break down in tears if you knew what we had planned for them if you go through with your little rebellion.  You will fail, and when you do they will suffer more than you can imagine.”  
     Helga was perturbed by the thought, but tried not to let it show on her face.  What if she were wrong?  What if they failed and the slaves were treated any worse?  She took a deep breath and pushed her fears aside. She stared directly at the clown and with a confident brass voice said, “I have a message of my own for you to take back.  We’re coming for the Metropolis, and after we take down your people, we’re coming for the Boss.  We’re going to take down her Corporation brick by brick and we’re going to give the city back to the creatures that inhabit it.” The Judge just stared at Helga silently rubbing his hands together in unease, as she popped open the car door and exited.  Helga slammed the door forcefully. The car drove away, crashing into sculptures as it went out of sight and towards the city.  
     “What happened?” Jenny looked readily at Helga as Peanut did a few swings around the gauges in her ears catapulting himself onto Helga’s shoulders.  She looked over to him as he blinked a few times begging for attention.  Helga scratched lovingly behind his ears for a few moments, speaking casually to Jenny, “He wants us to surrender or suffer the consequences.  You know- the usual.”  Jenny pried Peanut off of her shoulder, as he was licking it like a wheel of salt, “Peanut have some respect.  Don’t you know who that is?!” Helga smiled because Peanut must have known exactly who it was.  “I need you to get a saddle on the horse. I want to be around the people when we start the march to the city.”  
     Jenny started unhooking the carriage from the horse, as it shook feeling the release of the weight.  “When are we leaving?”  Jenny struggled juggling Peanut, the horse and a conversation with Helga all at the same time.  “Right now,” Helga said her eyes flashing more determined than ever before.
Chapter 16
     Helga was at the front of the massive train of creatures and beasts heading towards The Metropolis.  As they walked along trail of massive blackened trees and red sky, the larger trolls, giants and centaurs helped along the smaller fairies and imps that lagged behind.  The entire caravan worked together, making only a few stops for food that was provided by the dryads led with the help of Kira, who remained in the dark about Helga being the Goddess.  She could tell that Kira was nervous about the whereabouts of her good friend, so she simply told Kira, “She had been called away on a special task, but that she would be proud of all the support that you’re providing here.”  
     It was strange to Helga how a simple mask could cause so many people to find her completely unrecognizable, but she supposed that it must have been part of being the beloved figurehead that had become such an essential part of the culture in this place.  The Goddess literally was the embodiment of culture in the Afterlife.  
     After a few more stops, they could see the gigantic gates that Wesley had first taken them to at the beginning of her long journey.  She wished this time would be like that.  That she could simply blink and be overcome with the same sense of wonder that she felt when she first saw the colorful buildings and statues mixed throughout the city, but she knew that there was no going back.  Helga could sense the panic from the group as they got closer, so she turned and shouted, “It’s time to make a home for ourselves!”  
     As she came up to the gates, she noticed that many of the beautiful statues and artwork that had brought the city to life had been taken down by the Boss’s people.  The Boss was efficient; Helga had to give her credit for that.  The amount of reconstruction that had been done she thought might have taken years, but it had been only a short while.  Now the once bright pink streets were littered with trash and standing directly behind the gates was an army of ominous looking hags, goblins and harpies circling above.  All of them were wearing the same black security tunic that she saw on the goblin in the corn factory with “Security” in white letters across the chest and shoulders.
     Helga signaled Jenny to keep the crowd a good distance back.  She did not want any overexcited creatures starting something prematurely before she had a plan thought up. “Who am I kidding?” Helga reminded herself that she did not have a plan this entire time, and that she was just improvising the whole thing.  She was scared that if she thought about it and really let the situation soak up into her brain, that she would just fall on the ground and die a second death.  
     She rode up to the front of the gate and saw the Judge at the front shouting, “Let her in!”  She saw Jenny pacing nervously back and forth, as she went towards the gate.   Helga rode forward and bravely crossed to the other side.  She saw the clown seated at a large black desk that was out of place in the middle of the littered pink street.  Helga wished more than anything that she still had the first charming token that Wesley had given her.  Unfortunately, it was taken when she became a slave, along with everything else.  She dismounted the horse and tied him to the gate.  
     The clown laughed loudly showing off his sharpened teeth getting so close to Helga that she could smell the rotten stink of his breath.  “What’s the matter? Feeling a bit overwhelmed?” The clown laughed again and the hordes of corporate minions followed suit.  She noticed some of them carrying briefcases, but most of them weapons-terrifying looking bats, clubs, maces and axes. While none of them could bring death to those that were already dead, they could certainly cause enough pain to bring someone back under enslavement, and Helga was sure that at least some of the briefcases had the ankle bracelets in them.
     Helga stood there wondering if she should use the token that Wesley had given her now, but thought better of it.  Something inside her told her that she needed to wait because if she used it now she would give away whatever power she had.  Besides, she had held onto it without testing it in case it had a certain charge like the first one she had.   
     The Boss has given me permission to make a final offer that I think you will find to be quite generous.  The Judge placed a thick contract on the table that must have been over two hundred pages long.  “The offer expires in two minutes, so take some time and think it over, but make it quick.” The clown laughed again, stamping his feet on the ground and honking his nose as if it were the most hilarious joke he had ever heard.  
     “How am I supposed to read this in two minutes,” said Helga dropping the thick contract onto the desk with a thud.  “You’re not, nobody reads contracts.  It’s just a bunch of legal mumbo jumbo that I doubt your tiny brain would comprehend anyway.  In simple terms it just states that the previously enslaved party, your people, will become full citizens again.  Horray!”  The clown clapped sarcastically, “So long as the Goddess relinquishes any and all claim that she has on governmental power forthwith.  All buildings, departments and assets become sole property of the Boss.  What do you think of that?”  
     Helga picked up the pot of ink beside it and tossed the quill aside.  She dumped the ink mercilessly all over the contract blotting it out in the same way that she wanted to blot out this sick clown’s existence.  “I think that actions speak louder than words.”  Helga mounted her horse again, as the Judge flew into a rage.
     “I want her crushed! DO YOU HEAR ME! TAKE THAT COW DOWN FIRST AND PUT HER IN AN ANKLE BRACLET!”  Helga barely made it out of the gate before all the creatures around her started clawing.  The last thing she heard the clown say struck a very real terror in her that she suppressed to keep morale up. “YOU’RE GOING TO BE A HUMAN BENCH FOR THE BOSS! DO YOU HEAR ME?! YOUR ONLY PURPOSE IN LIFE IS GOING TO BE TO BE SAT ON!!!” 
     Helga stopped for a minute before making it all the way back to the gathering of former slaves.  She allowed herself a few moments, to let out salty tears that were covered up by the mask.  Helga closed her eyes one more time, “This will work.  This must work.”  She rode back smiling at the millions of worn-down miserable looking faces.  “What are we going to do?” Jenny asked in a way that sounded almost broken.  “We’re going to fight for our freedom.”  
Chapter 17
     Just as the words slipped out of her mouth she heard The Judge’s voice over a loud speaker fill the entire valley past the trees.  “GENERAL FIFI, BREAK INTO FORMATION!” Fifi stepped out flipping her braided ponytail to the metallic side of her face once more.  She was wearing a black general’s uniform with several silver skulls embroidered on the chest.  Helga wondered for a moment if her superiors were aware of her failure in the Yard of Agony, but thought better of it, as she had bigger things to worry about.  
     A thousand lines of perfectly formed and trained creatures stood at attention holding onto all kinds of weapons to trap and ensnare the group.  On the sides of each line were massive giants holding onto nets that were no doubt going to be used to enslave the group again.  There were less of the enemy to be certain, but as she looked back at their sad faces, Helga couldn’t help but worry.  
     It was a motley group of creatures completely ill equipped for battle.  Those that did have weapons were made out of sticks or trash taken from the Yard of Agony.  None of them had any training, battle tactics or defensive strategies.  Some of them were children younger than she was, and most of them were still wearing the burlap sacks they were enslaved with.
     She walked up to a small fairy child towards the front of the line that could not be any older than five.  She was amazed at the resilience of the young girl who was holding onto a large branch as if it were the most destructive weapon the Afterlife had ever seen. The little girl’s bravery gave her hope.  “You’re someone’s hero… did you know that?” The little girl smiled back and quickly cracked back to attention slapping her wings together.
     Helga held onto the token that Wesley had given her. It felt right.  She focused on the little girl and thought how badly she wanted a better life for her.  If only she had some kind of armor or protection against the weapons.  She could not bear to see this little girl get hurt.  Instantly the little girl’s burlap sack was transformed into Viking warrior armor.  The fairies face was cleaned up and her hair strewn into and elaborate fan-like back piece, with a jeweled tiara on top. The little fairy in amazement as she shouted, “SO COOL!”      
     As fun as it was watching the playful little fairy swipe at the air destroying her invisible foes with poorly executed karate moves, it was also a reminder that the real battle was about to happen.  What was even worse was the token that Wesley had given her, the great and powerful tool that she was supposed to use, was just the token that same silly token that he had used to prepare he for her work assignment interview.  As nice as it was that she could conjure up a little black dress on command, the practicality of this token given the situation that she was in left something to be desired.  
     The clown straightened the judicial looking Victorian collar around his neck and signaled the army to move on the group of helpless wanderers.  Packs of sobbing wails started to erupt from the slaves intermittently mixed with screams of terror.  The pack of intimidating characters moved closer tapping their weapons off of various body parts ominously expecting they easy prey.  Helga closed her eyes inside of the reflective mask and allowed herself full focus, blocking out the thunderous march of the attackers moving closer.  She thought about Wesley and did her best to ignore the fact that she was upset he would leave her so ill prepared, and have the gull to not show up to his own war.  “What were these people supposed to do without the Goddess?” 
      Helga froze for a moment swiftly flashing her eyes open brightly.  She was The Goddess.  Not a specific person, Wesley had explained previously that the Goddess is too big for one person.  She is a symbol.  She is symbol of the creative force and willpower that allowed those who channeled it the ability to overcome their obstacles in a creative way.  She opened herself to the flow of creative energy and suddenly knew what she needed to do.
     She went through the crowd and got to Kira.  She pulled her aside away from a group of nosey talking pigs that seemed far too interested in their conversation.  “Kira, I need you to organize the other dryads.”  Kira looked at her completely shocked that she knew her name.  Helga was contemplating taking the time to spend explaining how the Goddess is usually a man dressed as a woman, but that was not to say that she was a man, but decided against elaborating on how she arrived in this moment, due to the complexity of the issue and the army heading their way.  
     “Kira, It’s me Helga.” Kira doubled over looking as if she were about to either faint or toss her cookies. “WHAT!? WHAT?!” Helga jabbed Kira in the side reprimanding her.  Kira decided to continue on whispering intensely and still fairly loud, “What!?” “Look, I really don’t have the time to explain, but I promise after we get out of this mess I will buy you a really nice lunch and a fantastic looking new outfit, but please for goodness sake let’s just keep it simple and not ask questions right now.  Okay?” Kira blinked, “Okay.”  
     Helga nodded. “Alright, I need you to gather all of the other dryads you can and then meet me at the front of the group.”  “Why? I don’t want to get captured first.” Helga showed only her lower teeth in frustration that Kira was still asking questions, “Because… if we do this correctly then we won’t need to worry about anyone getting captured.”  Kira’s eyes became bright and her mouth became a perfect “O” as she said, “Ahhhh… right.  I’m on it.”  Kira got to work gathering a group of motivated looking dryads, while Helga was still comforting others to keep the feeling of hopelessness from spreading.  
     Helga walked up to the front of the line and spoke out loudly to the dryads that Kira has assembled, “Alright, we can get through this, but I need your help.  All of you focus on the spot directly in front of you where their army stands and grow the largest tree you can.  Make sure it is thick enough to hold them back for a while and tall enough to keep them from climbing over the top.  Kira, I’m going to stand out in the middle of the battlefield and I need you to grow a tree directly under me, as tall as you can make it.  “Won’t they be able to see you though?” Kira seemed hesitant.  “Exactly,” Helga blew another kiss out to the group of frightened former slaves and started sprinting out towards the angry looking group of sinister. 
    A few seconds after Helga began running, just as promised, massive trees of all colors and shapes began sprouting up in front of the completely confused creatures donning black security tunics.  They started backing away from the trees as if they were dangerous.  Helga stopped at the spot directly in the middle of the two groups, and stared up at the two massive statues over hanging the gates.  She locked eyes with the eyes from the Goddess statue and whispered to herself, “I hope you’re right about me.”  She took a deep breath and turned back to Kira shouting, “NOW!”  
     The stalk of a tree began to rise up right below her feet.  As it quickly shot up she grabbed onto the trunk and rode it up into the sky.  As the tree became large and larger, pushing Helga further into the sky, the tree began to branch out with massive hanging purple flowers falling off the sides and swaying in the wind.  It looked like someone had replaced the leaves on the biggest weeping willow tree anyone had ever seen with long bright decadent purple floral boas.  The spot that Helga had been holding onto transformed into a knotted piece of wood looking like a perfectly formed set of wooden knots for her feet that stretch into a broom stick shaped branch that broke off into handle bars.  While she had never seen a tree that grew into a shape like this she was certainly thankful for Kira’s ingenious as it made it practical to stand on top of this very tall tree with the wind blowing mercilessly fanning her hair every direction.
     She stared out over the very confused group of bloodthirsty workers and saw the Judge and Fifi in the front hacking away at the branches of the tree so ferociously that the sweat was beginning to wash away some of his face paint making him look much more human, but no less intimidating.  The Judge forced his hand uncomfortably between the trunks of two trees and shouted back to his followers.  “Come on! WHAT ARE YOU DOING YOU LAZY BUNCH OF SLOBS!?” 
     He managed to push his way through with a half a dozen workers that were too close by to ignore his cries.  All of the other workers seemed not in the least bit interested in squeezing between the trunks just to be in closer proximity of the clown that was already yelling at them.  The Judge bolted towards the tree that Helga was on top of.  He was panting loudly, as drool dripped off of his sharpened yellow teeth.  His normally calm and collected image was completely shattered and he had transformed into this animalistic vicious beast that was hardly recognizable.  
     “Let’s see how pretty you are when I toss you off of this tree.  Then these sad pathetic nothings will have no choice, but to come back to us.”  The Judge licked the paint off of his lips as he started to climb the tree with a great deal of difficulty.  Helga looked down and saw that he was slowly stalking his way up, followed only by Fifi, whose ponytail seemed to rattle around like a snake with its head cut off in the wind.  “For a clown, you’re not very funny,” said Helga taunting him in the hopes that he would slip.  He just kept coming with even more resolve shouting, “You know, for a Goddess… you’re awfully fat.”  That was it.  Helga had enough.  

     She stood on the tree podium looking out at the masses and closed her eyes.  She gripped onto the token that Wesley had used and focused.  Her dress dissolved into a bright yellow flower rouged sundress with a matching yellow headband that had a purple flower the color of the tree’s flowers on top fitted over a beehive hairdo.  She stomped her yellow heels to get the clown’s attention.
     The Judge looked up at her and laughed so loudly that he almost fell off the tree.  He honked his horn and mocked, “Uh-oh! Watch out! She’s got a dress! Is that your big plan?! To put on a dress with all that uh…” Helga rolled her eyes, “Rouging?” “It doesn’t matter, and if that is your big plan to bring all of these people out here and then change into a yellow dress then it really doesn’t matter.  You’re going down.”  Helga swayed in the dress, “No, I think you are,” the clown pursed his lips and continued to climb as Helga continued on unbothered, “and it wasn’t my plan to drag everyone out here just to see me try on a dress.  It was to see you try on a dress.”  
     Helga changed the clown into the same exact outfit, including a beehive hairdo and heels.  The clown lost the traction of his shoes in the heels and slipped holding on by only one hand.  “Aren’t heels just the devil to walk in?” Helga smirked as the Judge fell directly on top of Fifi, plummeting them both to the ground.  
     The followers that had made it outside of the area fenced in by the trees bit their tongues for a moment and then burst into laughter at the sight of the clown in full drag.  They tried to hold their laughter back as he screamed at them, “THERE IS NOTHING FUNNY ABOUT THIS! NOW CLIMB UP THERE AND GET HER DOWN BEFORAHH”  The clown slipped again in the heels causing them to break back into laughter.  Fifi crossed her arms dusting herself off and said, “It’s really not funny.”  Her statement was completely insincere and the others could see her smirk as the clown stumbled getting his balance.  
     Helga blew a kiss out to Kira signaling her to lower the tree she was in and have the others do the same.  The trees began to shrink down, returning their nutrients to the soil. Helga held onto her token once more squeezing her eyes tightly with concentration.  She tried not to break focus as the group below surrounding the clown fell on the floor laughing, as they themselves had been given sundresses, behive hairdos and heels of a variety of pastel colors.  Helga kept her focus until the entire line of corporate loyalists behind the line of shrinking trees was wearing dresses and laughing at each other.  The group spilled out into the middle of the valley with no malice, simply to disperse and view their friends and coworkers looking completely ridiculous.
     The group of former slaves started to wander forward and Helga stretched her power out among the sea of creatures that were just happy to still be free.  Apparently there was no charge limitations with this token, as she managed to use it until every single being was wearing a fabulous sundress and heels regardless of what species or gender they were. Soon they were all mixed together in on big crowd, and no one was able to discern who was on what side originally, because everyone was wearing a uniquely tailored gown and holding their stomachs for air laughing hard.
     Everyone was laughing, except for one very disgruntled and messy looking clown.  The Judge tossed the heels aside and resigned to walking barefoot through the crowd to a Helga who was not more than ten feet away.  Helga took a moment to stop admiring her work and realized the gravity of the situation.  Even if everyone was down here having a good time, if the clown caught her now, he was sure to make her life miserable by any means necessary.  “YOU WILL SUFFER FOR THIS!”  The words sounded poisonous as they escaped the Judge’s lips and the crowd made a circle of space around the two of them.
Chapter 18
  Just as he was holding his hand outstretched to grab her by the hair he was stopped by another beehive dress wearing man that tackled him to the ground.  Helga could not recognize him at first because of the outfit, but after he performed an incredibly well executed suplex on the clown, she realized it was Raul’s uncle Henry.
     “Henry!” Helga shouted and waved, as he wrestled the clown into a chokehold.  The crowd around them was cheering just as if it were a professional wrestling match.  Henry took a moment to acknowledge Helga while the clown was still nuzzled under his forearm, “Don’t call me Henry,” He took a deep breath and made a deep confident announcement, “Call me THE PERUVIAN PANCAKE!!!” The Peruvian Pancake tossed him jumped on top of him, elbowing him mercilessly in the ribs.  Someone from the crowd shouted, “FLATTEN HIM PERUVIAN PANCAKE! FLATTEN HIM! FLATTEN HIM LIKE… like a umm… like a pancake. YEAH!”
     Helga nodded respectfully to Henry, who had finally gotten the courage to realize his dream, and had already developed quite a fan base.   Helga wondered if he had imagined that he would be living his dream in a dress, but thought she had better move along as the crowd around him seemed to be getting quite rowdy as it filled with bloodthirsty creatures that the Judge had wronged over the years.
     Just as Helga was about to start her journey through the woods and back to the Goddess’s castle Jenny appeared in front of her.  “Ready to go?” “Sure… where are we going?”  Helga cocked her head to the side, watching Peanut snore loudly as he took a nap on Jenny’s shoulder.  “To the castle, obviously.  Let’s go I think there is a mirror down the street over here.”  Helga thought she was not positive if she would be able to use a mirror the same way Wesley did.  She assumed that he had used a token of some kind, but she was not entirely sure.  Of course it did not help that Jenny was still under the impression that she was the Goddess, but she had already told Kira and was probably not supposed to do that either.  She figured that the worst that would happen is she would look silly when she could not make the mirror show the castle, and she was willing to take that risk in front of Jenny.
     They got to the all too familiar alley for what was Helga’s third time.  The streets and skies were again flooded with a myriad of creatures celebrating, eating, dancing and singing.  The alley, however, was dead silent with the exception of Helga who had her hands pressed up against the glass and making a low humming sound.  “What are you doing?”  Jenny was dead serious, as far as she knew the Goddess was about to start some strange voodoo ritual.
  In actuality, Helga was just stalling as she had no idea what she was doing, and was not quite ready to admit it.  She swiped her fingers across the glass making a loud squeegee noise and leaving finger prints all over the mirror.  “Does it usually work like this?”  Jenny looked at her skeptically, as she dragged her fingers down the length of the mirror.  “No,” Helga took a dramatic pause giving herself some time to think up something. “I was just thinking how I needed an outfit change.”  
     Helga gave herself a pair of orange go go boots and a plastic leather orange blouse, but kept the hair.  She liked the hair.  She pressed her head against the mirror and focused on the castle humming loudly for no reason other than to make it seem like she was doing something important.  She touched both sides of the mask to the glass and instantly the castle appeared.  “Why didn’t I think of that before?” Helga bopped herself on the head while speaking, but forgot that Jenny was right there. “What was that?”  Helga stumbled over her words, “Uhh… I was just saying how I love this floor.”  Jenny shuffled some of the trash at her feet out of the way and looked back at Helga somewhat confused, “Yeah… It’s uh… nice I suppose.”  
     “C’mon let’s go!” Helga grabbed ahold of Jenny and the two sprung through the mirror to the interior of the Goddess’s castle.  Wesley was waiting on the other side dressed in the same mesh shirt without any make up that he had been wearing when she first met him.  “Wesley what are you doing here? You missed the whole battle.  It was great! Well, the Goddess was great… she saved everyone.”  Jenny had an annoyed tone in her voice as she spoke to Wesley.  “I know, I saw.” Jenny poked him several times through the hole in his mesh shirt as Peanut hopped on his shoulder and did the same to his cheek. “What do you mean you know!? You weren’t there! Which brings me back to my first question, why weren’t you there?”  Peanut gave him a few light smacks on the cheek to really drive the point home and then hopped back on Jenny’s shoulder.  
     “The Goddess had a very special task for me here.”  Jenny looked over at Helga and it took a moment to click. “I did?”  Wesley narrowed his brow irked, “I did! I mean… yes… I… me… that is to say, the Goddess had a very special important task for Wesley here that caused him to miss all the… uh… everything that just happened.”  Wesley’s nostrils flared at her terribly fabricated story, but it was also one of the qualities that made him gravitate towards her in the first place.  Helga was incredibly honest, sometimes to her detriment.  
     “What was the task?” Jenny had her hands on her hips, but she was careful not to let her tone sound too disrespectful in front of the Goddess. “It was a… uh… very secret and important thing… a thing that only he and I, the Goddess, can know about,” Wesley’s displeasure became increasingly more obvious.  “Uhh… and actually we need to go and discuss this very secret thing in private.  You go relax.  Have a bath in warm milk, take a nap, there’s food everywhere.”  Jenny did not completely buy the strange response, but was not really in a position to question it, so she just shrugged her shoulders and headed off to take a milk bath as suggested. 
     Wesley and Helga headed into the bedroom, which was lush and filled with velvet drapes and a mattress that felt like sitting on a cloud.  Helga sunk into the sheets and let her whole body become engulfed with its softness.  “I need you to focus here Helga.”  Helga sat up yawning loudly. “Aren’t you even going to say thanks?  I mean since I’ve been home you haven’t said a word about you know saving everyone from enslavement and keeping the Boss from a massive corporate takeover.” 
      Wesley was looking through some drawers in a mahogany stained armoire while talking, “I know it seems a bit rushed, but I’m about to thank you here in a minute.”  Wesley pulled out a silver empty frame with a blue tinted glass that shimmered in the light.  “What’s that thing?” Helga pointed lazily at the frame still entranced by the fluffy sheets.  “This,” Wesley said holding the frame up and winking at her through the glass, “is your gift.”  
     Helga seemed confused and resigned herself back to the bed stretching wildly.  “What are you talking about? You got me a picture frame.  To be honest, it seems like a pretty lame gift.  I don’t even have any pictures to put in it.”  Wesley shook his head watching Helga run her hands across the sheets like she was treading water.  “No, it a token.  You look into it and you can view images from your past.”  Helga shot up like a rocket.  “That got your attention didn’t it?  I don’t want you to be disappointed though… it won’t work exactly like the Boss’s token. You won’t be able to go back to your world as a spirit.  You can only watch and won’t be able to interact with any of the people in your past.”  Helga wondered for a moment if she was on the right team.  Ever since she first came to the Afterlife her only desire was to go back home, right?  She wrestled with the idea for a few minutes spinning the frame at the edges.
     She knew she was a completely different person than when she first came to the Afterlife.  That even if she could change the events that led to her death, it may not have been the right thing to do.  They happened for a reason and it was not up to her to change them, just to understand where she came from.  She stared at the picture frame closely.  “Just focus on anything you can remember before you were here.”  Helga stared at the frame and thought about who she was before she died; she was not happy to be sure.  The one thing she knew for a fact and could remember with absolute certainty was that she was insecure about herself; about her weight.  
     As she continued to stare at the frame the glass clouded over, and an image of a fourteen year old girl that was half-heartedly smiling stared back at her.  It was Helga and for the first time since she died that she saw the image of herself alive.  The picture began to glow with a brilliant white light.  It glowed brighter and brighter until she could no longer see.  The objects in the room were swirling away and just the bright unending light replaced it.  Her ears began ringing louder and louder.  
     She thought that she heard Wesley faintly yell something, thought she might have felt his hand against her shoulder, but everything was gone.  The brightness began to dim and the sound of ringing faded as a classroom came into view.  She stared fixated and amazed at the girl in the corner of the room with pigtails and a dorky outfit.  She was doodling a cartoon of herself as a dinosaur stepping on the other children in the classroom and breathing fire all over the school that she hated so much.  
Chapter 19
     She stood over admiring the drawing for its creativity and attention to detail.  She had even used red and orange nail polish to really give the fire some life.   “Helga!” screamed the repugnantly raspy voice of her teacher Mrs. Manuel.  “Yes, Ma’am,” both of the Helgas turned and responded.  Luckily for the one that was not a memory, no one seemed to acknowledge or feel her presence.  This became particularly lucky, when Helga stuck her elbow where a young man named Mason’s brains would normally be.  She picked her elbow out of the projection-like image of the boy’s head and brushed it off, as if she were about to catch some rare brain disease.  Helga watched the exchange between herself and the teacher who bore a frighteningly similar resemblance to the squid that she had as a teacher previously.  
     “Something tells me that it isn’t notes on the Pythagoras’ Theorem you’re taking.”  She was right.  Helga was unsure how her math teacher managed to somehow always know whenever she was not paying attention.  In this case, it was not a real mystery as there was nail polish strewn all over her desk.  The real mystery, Helga thought, was how someone could teach math for thirty years without just evaporating into dust from the boredom.  The real Helga was getting bored just knowing that there was math going on around near her.  She rubbed her eyes and continued to watch, as the old crone snatched up the drawing getting nail polish on her nails.  “WHAT IS THIS!!??” Mrs. Manuel cried deeply offended that her hands looked like someone spilled ketchup and mustard on them.
     “It’s nail polish,” the memory of Helga said sheepishly.  “THIS IS NOT WHERE THIS GOES! DO YOU THINK PYTHAGORAS INVENTED HIS BEAUTIFUL THEOREM BY PLOPPING HIS BUM ON A CHAIR AND SWISHING A BUNCH ON NAIL POLISH AROUND!? IT’S AN INSULT! AN INSULT TO MATH!! APOLOGIZE TO MATH!!! DO IT!” The memory of Helga was slightly confused at the strange request but conceded, “Sorry math.” Helga mumbled as the children around her laughed. Mrs. Manuel was not done.  After she wiped her hands clean with a baby wipe from her desk, she looked back up at a thoroughly humiliated Helga, “SORRY FOR WHAT!?” 
     The memory of Helga continued to sink lower in her chair, “Sorry for swirling a bunch of nail polish around instead of listening to the “Pie-a-gorham” theory.”  Mrs. Manuel picked up a pointer with a tiny wooden apple on the end of it and slammed it down on her desk in anger so hard that the apple flung off and hit Mason in the head right where Helga’s elbow was before, “PYTHAGORAS! IT’S PYTHAGORAS!!! NOW GO TO THE OFFICE AND TELL THEM WHAT YOU’VE DONE!”     
     “Now I remember why I hate math so much,” said the real Helga following her memory out the classroom door.  She looked back to see several of the kids making oinking noises and picking their noses up like snouts.  They were lucky that she could not move things or she would go full angry ghost and smash some kids over the head with the broken pointer.  She walked over and swiped a particularly mean little blonde girl in the face, but her hand went right through.  She licked her teeth disappointed and chased back after the memory of her former self, who was headed down the hall.
     Helga thought the whole situation was unfair.  Besides, if Pythagoras were in the classroom he probably wouldn’t be paying attention to Mrs. Manuel either, he would be too busy writing an angry letter to his parents about why they made a poor selection of name.  Helga imagined the letter might go something like this, “Dear mumsy and pop-pop, Just wanted a quick word about the name.  You could have gone with David, Jonathan, Matthew, or I would have even been content with Lester, but Pythagoras? Do you know how many times I have to correct my name on forms, mailing and reservations?  I’m sure you remember the poor terrified looking woman at my graduation who spent the worse part of two minutes trying to pronounce it. Anyway, send the doggie my love! Sincerely, P. (P.S. I didn’t feel like writing my name because it was way too long.)”
     Helga chuckled to herself down the hallway, as her memory finally made it to the principal’s office.  She remembered herself frequently being in the middle of trouble, but never the cause of it.  She used to be called into the principal’s office at least a few times a week.  Really the idea of getting in trouble didn’t bother her; she just did not want to be a disappointment to her parents.  
     Helga continued to follow herself around all day.  It was the same story in every class.  She would sit towards the back and doodle, while her classmates made fun of her.  At lunchtime she ate in the bathroom.  Watching this was so strange for Helga, and not just because she was staring at herself sitting in a bathroom stall and sobbing while eating a bologna sandwich.  She wished for just one moment that she could materialize the memory, reach out to her former self and provide some comfort.  Reliving this memory did give Helga a greater sense of satisfaction in helping the slaves revolt and win their freedom.  
     She could not exactly place her finger on it, but there was something similar about the way she felt looking back on the crying faces of terrified creatures on the battlefield and the way that Helga looked choking back tears every time someone came into the bathroom, paranoid that they might find her and make fun of her, or worse take pity.
     She recognized the distinct quality of holding on to her pride and not allowing anyone in to help her when she needed it.  Helga continued to shadow her throughout the day.  The only class which the memory seemed to take any interest or joy in was drama class, which took place on stage.  Helga watched herself skillfully act out a scene from Tennessee William’s The Glass Menagerie. She played Laura with a big limp and an even bigger southern accent.  When she was acting she did not have to be herself.  She could take a moment and escape.  Helga clapped along with the rest of the class at her performance.  The kids in the drama class were different too.  Most of them were outcasts, so they never treated Helga badly.  
     After school Helga hopped in her mom’s minivan, sitting right beside the memory of her former self.  She was concerned that she might not make it in as her memory was very eager to leave school grounds and bolted to the van opening and slamming the door in one fluid motion, but she realized that she could simply walk through the door.  Why she didn’t simply fall through the van seats though, or through the ground for that matter was beyond her.   She decided to leave that question for people much more interested in that kind of thing, like Pythagoras.
     She gazed at her mother’s inviting blue eyes.  They looked like fresh pools of water that she wanted to dive into.  “How was school?” Her mother said brightly. “Oh, it was fine.” Helga never let on that she was unhappy outside of school.  She thought that it would raise too many questions and doubts for her family as to if they were parenting correctly. It wasn’t like there was some sort of correct method to parenting, even if Mrs. Manuel might think differently.  Helga paused for a moment on the horrendous notion of being Mrs. Manuel’s child.  If she did have a child, they would probably grow up to be some sort of supervillain with a multitude of psychotic problems, or worse- a dentist.  
     The minivan drove up to her former house sitting on top of a grassy hill.  At the bottom of the hill was a huge apple tree that had delicious red apples growing all over it, some were strewn across the lawn like tiny candies on a cake.  There was a small salmon colored garage, where a tiny little boy was playing with some bugs that he had collected.   The boy was Helga’s brother Ethan. 
      He had collected a bunch of pill bugs together, and had forced them together in a ring made of small twigs to fight to the death, or so he said.  He kept shouting at the bugs with one of the sticks pointed, “You go and do your jobs and the winner is going to get a special surprise bug award.  Do you want to know the surprise?  I won’t squish you.”  Ethan laughed to himself maniacally; he always had a very dark sense of humor.  Helga’s mother popped open the door and called out, “Ethan! Come in for dinner.”  
     Ethan reprimanded the bugs again, “You all better just stay here and think about what bad little bugs you are until I get back.”  Helga found the image of Ethan grounding her in a sense of purpose, much more than anything else that she had seen in her memory.  She remembered one time she came home crying her eyes out about some kids that were making fun of her, and Ethan made her a really poorly made “Git Betar” card; the card illustrated the people that made fun of her turning into sacks of potatoes with the wave of a magic wand.  He always had a way of making things better and bringing her back to reality.  
     As Helga plodded up the stairs after the group of them, she wondered why she was brought back to today.  It was the last day that she remembered, but then again she could not remember anything before she came here.  It was all a blur.  She passed through the door easily, and leaned down to pet her dog Charlie.  She knew he would not be able to feel it, but she wanted to do it anyway.  The chocolate lab was lying upside down in his bed, his arms pressed against his chest, making him positioned like a t-rex.  He let out a few high pitched whimpers and started running after a squirrel in his dream; his paws pedaling through Helga’s ghostly figure.  
     Helga could smell the steak sizzling in the kitchen, and it made her mouth water.  She followed the aroma to fruition, and saw her mother slaving away over the stove.  Being a single mother raising two kids, her mother did her best to provide for them, but steak was an admittedly rare treat.  “I thought you said dinner was already ready!” Ethan was extremely impatient and annoyed that he had been interrupted from his career as a pill bug disciplinarian to come inside and wait.
     “Helga, just go and take your brother into the living room and help him color or something.  I’m just finishing up here.” Ethan put his hands on his hips the same way that Helga found herself frequently doing; she wondered who learned it from whom.  “I don’t need any help coloring! It’s like one of the five easiest things in the world to do!” Helga’s mother gave her a nod which wordlessly said, “Go take him into the living room now. Pick him up by the toes if you have to.”  Helga snatched him up tickling his belly, as he yelped for help.  
     While they were walking to the living room Ethan proceeded to explain the other four “easiest things in the world,” which consisted of making the bed, tying your shoes, defending the universe against evil and neon flea circus.  Helga was not entirely sure what the last one meant as there was really no verb attached, but she really did not want to have him give her an hour long lecture on the principles of running a successful neon flea circus, so she kept quiet.  Helga placed him down at a tiny table that her mother had set up for Ethan to color on.  Ethan began doodling away.  He took a red crayon and started running it ferociously across the blank sheet of paper until the entire thing was completely covered.  
     Ethan held up the drawing and said, “I’m finished with this one.”  Helga cocked her head to the side unsure what she was looking at.  “What is it?” Ethan slammed the paper down on the table deeply offended.  “I don’t have to explain my art to you.  If you don’t get it… well, that’s just on you then isn’t it?”  Helga held back her laughter, “okay then.”  “I’ll do another one and if you don’t get this one then you’re just dumb.”  Ethan started again drawing what appeared to be a flamingo wearing cowboy boots and a ten gallon hat.  She watched the memory of herself continuing to help Ethan along and decided to go check on her mom.  She loved to watch her cook, but knew that she hated when people were doing it.  It was like someone was putting pressure on her, but as it was only a memory, she thought it would not cause any harm.  When she got to the kitchen her mouth dropped open.
     The one person that she never expected or wanted to see in her memory was standing in the kitchen behind her mother- the Boss.  She looked blue and faint, like it was the outline of her.  She must have been right when she said that the token that she had could bring you to any world you wanted as a ghost, but why would she come here.  Her heart sank as she pulled out a small purple vial with a dropper.  On the vial was the image of a skull and cross bones; poison.  “No!” Helga cried leaping forward to tackle the ghostly figure of the woman that she had come to despise, but it was no use.  The image was only a memory and she went right through onto the floor.  Helga stood up staring at the back of her holographic tightly snatched signature bun and perfectly pressed suit.  
     She walked through the other side of her, and tried anything she could to get her mother’s attention.  She waved her hands and screamed, but it was no use.  The Boss cackled and her mother turned her head as if she heard something faint.  “Ughh… it’s so cold in here.  Helga did you leave the window open again?” She called out to the other room while plating the steaks.  “No!” Helga heard herself respond from the other room. 
      Helga’s mother started cutting up the steak for Ethan into small “Ethan-sized” pieces.  She then tossed her work badge that read “Farrah” in thick black font.  Helga always admired her mother’s name, it sounded like someone who was well liked and very sociable.  She was raising two kids by herself and did not have time to be sociable, but Helga imagined that her mother would be quite the socialite if she were not tied down by her and Ethan.      
     The Boss just kept watching and waiting with a sinister looking grin on her ghostly face.  Helga’s mom grabbed three glasses down from the cabinet.  She poured some chocolate milk for Ethan; chocolate milk was the only thing he would drink.  For herself and Helga she grabbed a pitcher of sweet strawberry lemonade.  There were lemons and strawberries floating like tiny islands in the pitcher as she filled the two glasses.  Just as Helga’s mom set down the pitcher, the Boss moved in closer now touching her hand.  She looked at her hand, having felt the presence, but not seeing any evidence.  She set her hand back down and looked around the counter for any signs.  
     The Boss then fused herself to her mom’s body, possessing it.  The blue luminous ghost melted into her figure causing her whole body to glow for a few seconds, as she breathed in deeply falling to one knee as she took a moment to compose herself.  As she stood back up, Helga saw her eyes flash the same electric color before returning to their natural state.  Her mom’s body language was instantly transformed to that of an uptight businesswoman.  She snatched up the amber vial with the skull and shook it vigorously.  She pulled out the dropper and let three poisonous purple drops drip into Helga’s glass of lemonade.  
     She put the stopper back in the bottle and tossed it in the trash.  She then carelessly picked up the lemonade spilling some on the floor and tossed it back in the fridge.  As she closed the fridge door, she noticed another coloring that Ethan had done.  It was a picture of a vampire at a blood bank with a surprising amount of detail.  The Boss rolled her eyes and exhaled loudly, “I really hate kids.”  She scrunched up the picture and tossed it in the trash.  “Helga! Come over here!”  She shouted.  The memory of Helga came running up smiling, “You want me to set the table?”  “In a minute, why don’t you try some of this lemonade first?”  
     Helga panicked as her possessed mother picked up the glass of lemonade and tilted it temptingly in front of her memory.  She tried doing the same thing the Boss had done, holding herself against the image and possessing her own body, but it was no use.  She was just watching a memory and had no control over the events that were about to happen, no matter how hard she wished she could change them.  “I already had some yesterday, I know it’s good.”  The Boss licked her lips, slightly ruffled by the rejection. “Yes, but I added some more strawberries and just an ounce more sugar.  Not that you need it.”  Helga’s memory looked at her silently pursing her lips. “Oh, not like that.  I just meant you are so sweet already.”  She gave a fake laugh and patted her on the head.  While she was acting completely differently than her mother normally would, but she did not want to be rude, so Helga’s memory grabbed the glass of lemonade.  She took two big gulps and said softly, “Yum.”  
     The Boss smirked and said, “Good girl, now go set the table and get your brother.”  Helga had watched this woman take her job, her friends and now she had to watch her take her own life standing helplessly by.  It was almost too much for her to bear.  As the ghost of the Boss separated herself from her victim, she fell against the counter and was breathing heavily again.  The real Helga felt hot salty tears roll down her cheeks, as she watched herself setting the table with her baby brother Ethan hopped playfully around it.  She felt the room spin around her and saw quick flashes of horrifying images.  Her funeral, her mother being locked up and poor Ethan left in a dirty crowded foster home to fend for himself.  
     The painful images kept flashing over and over until Helga screamed at the top of her lungs.  She screamed till her throat was raw and sore. Then the bright white light returned along with the ringing.  Helga’s senses were once again overcome.  She stood there basking in the nothingness.  
Chapter 20
     When the light and noise began to fade, she saw Wesley features slowly come into view. She turned over in the soft bed, the only thing that provided any comfort at this moment.  She began rocking herself back and forth like she were a baby and just let the tears flow for minutes before her breathing became so labored, that she had no choice but to stop.  
     Helga sat up, her face and clothes a disheveled mess and pointed at Wesley accusingly, “Why?! Why didn’t you tell me it was her!?”  Wesley touched Helga’s cheek and wiped away her tears.  “There are some things on our journey that we will never really be ready for.  These are things have to be felt.  If I told you, it would diminish it and take away the power that it gives you.”  Helga stood up in a huff, “What are you talking about!?  It didn’t do anything for me except make me furious.  It isn’t fair! Why is this woman trying to destroy me and everything I care about.”  Wesley poured some tea in a dainty ceramic cup with protruding detailed ceramic mermaids around the rim.  “That I don’t know, but I can say that you are going to need that anger.  You’re going to need to use it, and channel it into positive creative energy.  Believe me we’re going to need all of the energy we can get if we’re going to take down the Boss.”  
     Helga took a few sips from the warm jasmine tea.  It was slightly bitter, but it cleared her sinuses and she took another full gulp before steeping the bag and swirling around the contents of the half-full cup.  “I don’t want to do anything right now,” Helga was being completely honest.  She was exhausted emotionally and physically.  She felt like she could sleep for a week.  “I get it.  It’s been a long week, but you’re a celebrity now.  People out there know you as the little girl who started a revolution.  Sometimes if there is no water left in the well, you have to break through the bottom and dig it up from the ground.”  
     Helga waved her hand glossing over the comment, “Okay, I’ve had enough advice for one day.  In fact, I’ve had pretty much enough of everything for a week.”  Wesley clucked his tongue sternly and walked to the door, “Fine get some more rest, but when you wake up come get me.  I have something that I think will revitalize you.”
     Helga fell back into a feathery pillow.  She closed her eyes and smacked her lips, “Is this little gift of yours going to be another heartbreaking memory that causes me deep psychological trauma? If it is, I think I’m all set in that department.”  Wesley swung the door open, “Just come get me.  You’ll like it.  Oh, by the way I took my mask back.  Have to keep up appearances you know.”  Wesley closed the door and Helga once again fell into a deep slumber.  Helga did not usually sleep this much, but something about being in that memory drained her more than staying awake for a week straight with no sleep.  
     When she woke up from her dreamless sleep, she was greeted by a very fabulous looking Wesley in full drag again, wearing a maroon and black dress.  The black branched out and looked to Helga like the forest that she had tracked through.  Helga was jealous of Wesley’s talent with a make-up brush.  He looked more feminine than she did.  “I made you breakfast.”  
     Helga smiled and peeked over the tray expecting some sort of strange concoction.  It was eggs benedict.  “What’s the matter? They don’t have eggs benedict where you come from?”  Wesley winked at her and she suspiciously poked at it with the fork.  She took a bite and it did not taste like any normal eggs benedict that she had before.  It was more like a sweet Swedish pancake, thin and sugary.  She gobbled it up and drank the fresh squeezed orange juice beside the plate.  “Was that the surprise?” Helga was asking a question that she already knew the answer to.  “C’mon.”  
     As Helga stood up, Wesley held onto the token around her neck.  He closed his eyes and her outfit transformed into a red Japanese kimono.  Her hair became a huge commotion of what looked like helicopter propellers made of hair.  Helga looked at herself in the mirror picking one side of her lip up in disgust, “It’s uhhh… different.”  Wesley shook his head, “Oh, no… It’s not different.  It’s avante-guard.”  Wesley held up his hand as if he were bowing to a massive audience and just kept it there for a moment too long.  “Whatever, let’s go.”  
      “You know you really should develop an appreciation for the dramatic,” Wesley said as he put on the signature Goddess mask and stepped towards the mirror. “Yeah, I’ll jam that into my schedule between avenging my death and reconstructing society.” Helga gave a short chuckle, but Wesley just stared at her unimpressed, as the two made their way through the mirror and into the street.
Chapter 21
     They made their way along to a very impressive part of town, where each building seemed more extravagant than the last; the street culminated in an odd looking building that was splattered with paint and sculpted into the detailed shape of a snail. A staircase led up to the middle, where the swirling shape of the shell came to a point;  the point was a button that Wesley pressed and a hidden doorway shot up revealing what seemed to be a disco dance party inside.  There was colorful lighting and upbeat music everywhere.  Helga managed to get through the door with some difficulty.  She had to point her head downwards to maneuver the hair through. 
     A group of very excited looking fairies skipped towards Wesley and giggled, “We’re so happy! It’s such an honor to have our star patron here!  I think you’ll be very pleased with the new exhibit you’ve commissioned.”  Wesley grabbed a small cube of cheese off of a silver tray one of the fairies was holding onto and nibbled on it, “Well, the exhibit is actually in honor of this little lady here.”  The fairies all fluttered and fussed around Helga. 
      One of them was picking up her hair and inspecting it closely.  Another male fairy with aqua-blue hair kept tossing glitter on her and whimpering with delight.  A bit of the glitter got in her mouth and she spat it out her tongue awkwardly licking the air to try and remove the last remaining bits of glitter.  “That’s enough glitter!”  Helga held up her hands and the aqua-blue fairy became instantly disarmed shouting, “Oh! I’m so sorry! I just get carried away sometimes!”  He tossed a few handfuls of glitter on himself as if it were a fitting punishment, and shuffled away muttering about how disappointed he was in himself.  
     Helga was going to chase after him and let him know that everything was alright, but before she had the opportunity she was assaulted with questions by a group of babbling peacock people.  Much like the chicken woman Maureen, they had anthropomorphic features mixed in with their peacock genetics.  Unlike Maureen however, they were slender and very feminine, despite the majority of them being male.  There were a few peahens that poked around the side sheepishly, but they faded into the background.  “What would you recommend one should wear on a rainy day?”  One of the peacocks stared through his monocle expectantly, while the others held their breath waiting for an answer from Helga.  “Ummm… rubber boots.”  
     The peacocks all took out notepads and began clucking with pleasure, as they scribbled down Helga’s fashion advice feverishly.  “Alright that’s enough now, we’re here to enjoy the art in her honor.”  The peacocks and fairies all seemed very disappointed and let out a collective “Awwww” as they returned to the exhibits they were looking at previously.  
     “Why were they asking me fashion advice?”  “Well, you’re a celebrity now.  They’ll want to know everything about your life; who you’re dating, what you ate for breakfast, it’s all part of the gig.”  Helga looked back at Wesley, her eyes wide, “I don’t think I want that… I mean there is a reason I was never popular in school.  I’m very awkward and worried that if all these people start prodding around in my life, they’re just going to make fun of me.”   
     “Trust me, these people want nothing more than to love and support you. Now don’t give it another thought.  If you are bothered by it, you can always go out in disguise like I do, but for now let’s just enjoy the art.  The piece I had commissioned for you is at the end.”  
     The two of them started to walk around the art museum, which seemed to Helga like more of a maze.  Pieces were placed strategically throughout the maze and the walls themselves seemed to be an exhibit.  The walls stretched all the way up at least 30 feet in the air and were almost like gigantic television screens.  They would change from time to time becoming striped and giraffe print designs altering colors and shapes.  The shapes were interactive and followed those that came near them.  Helga touched a tiny friendly looking orange hexagon that had been bouncing after her on the screen for some time, and the whole wall instantly was changed to illustrate a short story about a turtle that got stuck inside of his shell and had to make a bargain with a goblin to get him out.  The words were plastered on the screen, and images of the sad frightened turtle making a deal with the dark mysterious goblin were animated.  
     The entire thing was so completely entrancing, that it took Helga quite a while to realize that she had not actually reached an exhibit yet.  Wesley ushered her along as a few onlookers gaped at them and wrote down a few notes.  Helga blew them a kiss without thinking about it, and they shrieked with delight.  “There, you’re starting to get the hang of it,” said Wesley coolly.  
     They turned the corner and at the end of the hall was a massive stone altar.  On the altar was a massive gold armored troll, with a hole in the middle of his stomach.  Out of the hole was a tiny fountain that spouted red blood.  The troll’s armor had a matching gold spiked collar with the word “Industry” across it.  The mannequin seemed so real and life-like, that Helga touched the liver spotted forest green arm to see what the material was made of.  “Hey! Don’t touch the artwork!”  
     The goblin statue sprung to life and Helga fell flat on the floor.  The troll had splattered the blood like liquid all over his armor and said, “Oh, well that’s just great… it’s going to take me hours to clean up this mess.”  The troll stopped for a minute, noticing the Goddess mirror mask and quickly got down on one knee, “My apologies.  I’m sorry I didn’t realize it was you.”  Wesley ripped off a piece of his dress, and handed it to the troll to wipe himself off with.  While the dress was ripped at the bottom and definitely shorter, it seemed almost improved and revealed the set of fishnet covered legs that reminded Helga of the shirt he was wearing when she first met him.  
     The troll was elated that he had been given the piece of fabric and wiped himself off with it revitalized.  “No apologies needed.  I love this work of art.”  As the pair walked on the troll kissed the piece of fabric before laying back down again and said, “I’ll never wash this armor again!”  When he lay back down Helga noticed that he was smiling brightly; she did not really think matched the tone of that particular work of art, but she dropped it, reminding herself that she was not really an art critic.  
     They walked down the hall, which was now giving the optical illusion of a swirling pink vortex.  Just as Helga thought she might fall down from dizziness, it change to the word “Censored” with big black text across it.  “Hmmm… I’ve never seen that part of the exhibit before,” said Wesley looking over to Helga, “I suppose it does make a bit of a statement though doesn’t it.”  Helga nodded, although she was not entirely sure; she was fruitlessly grasping at an understanding of the complexity of modern art.  
     The next piece of art was another live statue of a mermaid who was bound on the table.  There was a glass of water directly in front of her, and a gold coiled rope surrounding the length of her body.  There was a large “Censored” sticker placed over the mermaid’s mouth in the same font that was on the wall previously.  There were matching stickers across her back, forehead, chest and even one slapped haphazardly across her tail; Helga thought to herself how painful it was going to be to remove that sticker remembering a time a boy had stuck gum in her hair.  “That new wall image must have just been leading into this new exhibit,” said Wesley.  
     Helga inspected the live statue closely and noticed that the mermaid was crying with big droopy tears streaming down her cheeks as she faced the glass of water and screamed muffled through the sticker.  “This image is so striking to me.  It’s very powerful, don’t you think?”  Helga nodded, but felt very bad for the mermaid that seemed uncomfortably strewn across the table.  She must just be a very good actress.  Helga had always wanted to be an actress when she was younger, but after seeing the squid teacher act so painfully bad, she had second thoughts about it.  
     “Now this next one I know you’re going to be excited about.  This is the piece I had commissioned in your honor.”  They walked down the halls, which were flashing bright colors and the female astrological symbol for female.  The walls seemed to glitch for a moment, and then the same word “Censored” came up again on all of the monitors, including the floor, which up until now Helga had not realized was a monitor.  “Must be stuck on a loop,” said Wesley with a huff disappointed that the effect building up to the great work he wanted to impress Helga with, was somewhat ruined.  
     They rounded the edge of the hallway blackened with the words and came into a massive room with the same “censored” lettering all along the floor and walls.  Wesley and Helga’s mouths dropped open at the same time.  Wesley, who was normally completely unshakable, let out a soft, “No… I never,” as he saw his work defamed in front of his eyes.  Strewn across the wall in sloppy green paint were the words, “The Goddess and her pig assistant are doomed.”   
     Helga felt weak as she surveyed the room.  “They’ve ruined it,” Wesley fell to his knees as he watched the massive cast of live actors twitching for freedom.  They had been tied up like the mermaid with censored stickers covering their lips.  It took a minute for what the scene was intended to be to register with Helga, and then she saw it.  It was her, the frightened girl with the mirror mask on and the sundress, she was supposed to be her saving the actors who were wearing the slave’s uniforms behind her.  The actors all looked genuinely terrified and were squirming for help, as their skin became raw from the bindings.  
     Suddenly the aqua-haired fairy came running up behind them sweating with fear.  He had tears as big as the ones dropping from Wesley’s scrunched face.  Wesley had tossed the mask to the side and was openly sobbing.  “YOU HAVE TO GET OUT OF HERE!”  The fairy was tugging forcefully on Wesley’s arm, but he was unmovable; Wesley was stuck, glued to the spot with his misery.
  The fairy then began trying for Helga, “PLEASE YOU HAVE TO GET OUT NOW!!!”  She could see the very real terror tremoring his voice and shaking his lips. “Why?” Helga’s voice came as a cracked whisper, she was lost without Wesley’s strength.  The fairy let took two deep breaths and then shook his head looking up with big wet eyes, “It’s a trap.”  
Chapter 22
     Helga swung her arm over to move Wesley, but it was too late.  The other half of the room, the half that was to represent the Corporation stood up, revealing their bindings were just for show.  At the very front of them Helga heard a noise that had become all too familiar, but very unwelcome the honking of the sadistic clown’s nose.  
      He looked bad, much worse than when Helga had left him to be wrestled to the ground by the Peruvian Pancake, but he had clearly managed to escape and was covered with bruises.  His hair was almost completely flattened against the side of his head and looked like dark greasy strands of spaghetti smashed forming earmuffs that were up too high.  His makeup was nearly all gone.  Just dark blackened circles around his eyes with a thin white outline and the dark matching lips remained.  He was sweating and had a frenzied bloodshot look in his eyes.  He stalked slowly towards Helga like a cat ready to pounce, tapping a loudly buzzing Taser with bright blue electricity running between it on his palm. 
    “When I’m finally finished with you I’m going to place you on top of a stage like this tied up and eternally miserable, as an example of what happens when you go against the Corporation.”  The Judge lunged towards Helga with his Taser jutted forward, but instead of meeting Helga’s soft flesh, he was met with the gold armor of the bleeding troll statue that Wesley had given a piece of fabric just minutes ago.
     The troll shook with pain as the electricity traveled through his whole body.  Just as he fell to the floor the cavalry, consisting of a group of artistic fairies, peacocks, imps, centaurs and dryads came crashing through and knocked back the enemy.  The Judge made just enough headway to snatch onto Helga’s collar and ominously warn, “We will never stop hunting you,” before being kicked by a pugnacious satyr.  Helga grabbed Wesley under the shoulder and started out of the museum by means of an emergency exit.  The exit set off a loud alarm that caused a crowd to gather outside.  
     The resulting chaos was just enough for Helga to reach a mirror, snatch the mask off of the presently limp and useless Wesley and drag him through the mirror collapsing onto a set of fluffy soft bed sheets.  She stood up and stared at Wesley.  He put a pillow over his face and rolled over.  Helga rubbed his shoulders trying to comfort him as he had comforted her only hours before.  
     After a long while Wesley rolled over.  Wesley’s face was messy and she had not seen him really crack before, so his lack of confidence frightened her.  “Why should we even bother?”  Helga took off the mask and did her best to remain calm.  “What do you mean?”  Helga stared at him dead in the face and watched his eye twitch with exhaustion. 
     “I mean why should we even keep trying if she’s going to cut us off and be a step ahead every second of our pathetic afterlives?  I don’t think you understand.  I’ve been fighting this fight for decades and I thought that maybe this one time we would get a second to breathe;  To enjoy life because we had come so far, but she came and spat all over that.  I just don’t understand.”  
     Helga moved forward boldly and forced him to sit up against the bedpost.  “I don’t think you understand; or I at the very least think you must have forgotten.  We aren’t doing this to be comfortable.  We’re doing this because it’s what right.  You’re the one who taught me to believe in all this stuff, creativity over the Corporation and the power of positive thinking.  I for one am way too stubborn to just let you forget all that.  I guess you’re just going to have to shake yourself out of whatever negative garbage funk you’ve gotten yourself into, and get back into the game.”  Wesley smirked at Helga and then gave her a delayed wink.  
     “You’re right.  We’ve got to fight her,” Wesley stood back up and put on the same outfit he was wearing when she first met him.  He took the mask that Helga had placed on the bed and put it over his head, looking back at himself ferociously in the mirror.  “What are we going to do?”  
     “We’re just going to meet her and try to reason with her.  I’m going to go meet her armed with nothing except a positive attitude and my creativity.  That’s always been enough for me and I have to keep believing in that.”  Helga rolled her eyes, she was annoyed that he would even suggest something like that, “Are you crazy?! You can’t reason with her.  She’ll capture and torture us both. You can’t do that.”  “Well, I can’t keep going on like this… I refuse to spend all my time running from a woman whose sole purpose is to destroy everything I love.  Besides, if she does capture me it will send a message.  Maybe it will cause a stir and get people riled enough to rise up against her.” 
      Helga grabbed the outfit changing token; she knew that it was no use trying to change his mind at this point, so the best should could do was to prepare.  She changed her clothes into something that she might feel comfortable wearing, something that she might have worn in her past life, but with a little more flair.  It was a pair of purple and black striped leggings with a poufy short matching dress and tall combat boots.  Her hair was in her signature pigtails and she gave herself dark eyeliner.  Now they both looked like they did when they first met up.  
     “She isn’t going to play fair you know,” Helga made a final plea while Wesley put on the Goddess mask.  Wesley just nodded.  “She’s going to do what she always does, and I’m going to do what I always do.  We’re going to meet where we always meet.  It’s just natural.”  Wesley pressed his face against the mirror and it transformed.
Chapter 23
       As they stepped through the mirror, Helga noticed that she was very high up.  The wind was blowing ferociously. She stared below through a glass walkway that was hundreds of feet in the air.  
     She peered out to the end of the walkway and squinted her eyes at the huge dark figure in front of her.  She looked behind her and there was a massive colored statue.  Suddenly Helga realized where she was and it made perfect sense that the Boss and the Goddess meet here.  They were at the gate to the Metropolis, above it, on a glass walkway connecting the two statues. It was overlooking the city on one side and the battlefield that Helga had fought on the other.  On either side of the walkways were mirrors attached to the sides of the statues heads.  
     Helga rubbed her arms, shivering from the cold wind blowing fast and making it difficult to hear as it whistled loudly. Just as she began to wonder when the Boss would get there, the mirror attached to the massive black statue transformed into an elevator door.  With a soft ding the Boss stepped out carrying a large black briefcase and a black and white pinstriped suit.  Behind her, walking out in perfect unison and forming a straight line along the platform, were a horde of minions in suits and carrying matching briefcases.  Directly behind the Boss were the Judge and Fifi.  The Judge clearly was not given the opportunity to rest, as he had not fixed his make-up and hair and looked completely exhausted.  
     There was cheerful elevator music playing behind the Boss that seemed eerie and unfitting for the situation.  The Boss waved her hand and the elevator door closed, leaving only the cold whistling noise of the wind and the two groups staring at each other intensely.  “Something’s wrong… where is she?”  The Boss said in a low growling voice.  The clown looked over at Helga and licked his lips nervously, “That’s the pudgy little girl she was with at the museum… and the boy must be related or something, a brother perhaps.”  The Boss walked forwards, her heels clicking on the glass and pulled out a monocle on a chain.  
     Helga balled up a fist, waiting for her to attack.  She took quick pulsating breaths and felt like a wild animal trapped in a corner, as The Boss walked right over to the pair fearlessly and inspected them like they were a car she were buying.  “Ha!”  The Boss let out a loud chuckle that seemed unnatural, like someone who had never spoken Spanish before reading a book in it out loud and butchering the pronunciation.   
     “Who is she Ma’am?”  The clown nervously folded and tapped his fingers together like he was eager for a meal.  “Isn’t it obvious?  The girl I’ve had an eye on for a while now, she was the same little trouble maker that we met at the corn husking plant, and I actually brought her here myself. Isn’t that right sweetie?”  
     Helga just stared at the woman mocking her.  Helga was doing her best not to show emotion, but her lips were pursed together so tightly that they were shaking and she felt the hot blood rushing to her face making her eyes twitch.  “By the way, how is little Ethan? Although I probably know better at this point than you do… He’s been so lonely these past few days.  Don’t worry though, I’ve been watching over him.”  Tears dripped down into Helga’s mouth, as Wesley clutched her hand for strength.  
     “As I was saying, the girl isn’t interesting.  Wasn’t interesting in life and most definitely isn’t now.  What’s interesting is that the Goddess is here.  She has been all along and has been moving freely among us for some time.  She’s been able to escape my spies for some time now and that’s because she is a he.”   The followers behind the Boss grew excited and whispered to each other, some of the laughing and pointing.  The clown revealed a huge yellow sharp toothed grin and Fifi tossed her hair giggling.  
     “I must say that was very clever of you.  I would never have noticed, especially with you wearing that stupid mask all the time.  What do you think you are some kind of stupid comic book hero?  It’s inconsequential though… we have business to discuss, and if there is one thing I take seriously- its business.”
      The Boss handed her suitcase over to Fifi and gestured for her to open it and reveal the contents inside.  “We want peace… that’s all we’re looking for.  Peace and the chance for our people to live with dignity,” said Wesley.  He did his best to remain composed.  Helga thought he was doing a much better job than she was and was glad that she was not forced to speak right now, because it would not have been nearly as well-spoken.  
     “Well… you may want peace, but I need order and we have to put needs before wants, besides, we’re jumping a little bit ahead of ourselves here aren’t we.  I mean after all that isn’t even the first thing on the agenda.”  Fifi handed The Boss a small leather pouch with a drawstring.  “You can’t buy us off!”  Wesley was starting to get impatient.  
     The Boss laughed and her minions laughed twice as hard before she held up one pale hand signaling them to stop.  “I only pay for things that are worth something, and you my dears are worthless,” she ran her sharpened fingernail along the soft leather.  She stuck her bony finger in the top of the pouch and opened them like an umbrella before dumping the contents into her hand.  “Besides, that’s not what these are for.”
     Helga looked confused at the contents of the bag.  They were not the colored marbles that were used as currency in the Afterlife, but instead they looked just like two regular metallic coins that Helga might have used in real life.  The Boss held them up and Helga saw the image of the Boss on one side and the Goddess on the other.  “These are two special tokens that I had made, melted down.  Something amazing happens when you rub them together that up until now I wasn’t really sure was possible, death-a true and final death that you don’t come back from.  You just cease to exist, now isn’t that interesting.”  
     The Boss smiled, but everyone, including her minions seemed shocked and terrified.  “But I’m a businesswoman, and I know better than anyone that you don’t launch a product without doing a little market research first.  Right?” She turned around and honked the Judge’s nose.  He looked mortified and nodded.  “Now wouldn’t you say that the whole slave revolt succeeding by placing my esteemed colleagues in dresses may have been a tiny bit embarrassing to me?  I mean after all I have a corporate image to uphold.  And as a representative of the Corporation you made me look foolish.  I don’t like looking foolish and I think it is time to send a message… after all actions speak louder than words.”   
     The clown got down on his knees and begged.  Helga would have almost felt sorry for him if he did not start pointing at her and saying, “It was her, it was the girl’s fault.  I can do better next time!”  The Boss hissed kicking him off of her leg as he continued to beg for his life, “You’re fired.”  She rubbed the two coins together and placed each one over her eyes.  As she did this, she removed her hands and they stuck there glowing burning white.  Her mouth opened and a loud cry like a monstrous bird came out of her mouth; everyone around covered their ear in pain.  The white hot coins burned brighter until the Judge had a matching set on his eyes.  The clown screamed with pain.  
     Slowly the white from the Boss’s coins faded away from her eyes and the clown’s did the same.  The Boss picked up the two coins that were on top of the clown’s eyes and placed them back in her hands.  “Well… that was fun.”  The clown was twitching on the ground and Fifi had bent down to check on him.  “Fifi, I guess that means you’re promoted.”  Wesley looked back at Helga and grabbed her hand tight.  Helga squeezed back, unsure what to say.  
     Wesley made a last desperate move.  He grabbed onto his tokens and changed the glass the same pink frosted color that covered the streets of the Metropolis.  The Boss moved closer licking her lips.  He was grabbing at every token he could around his neck, trying to come up with an idea.  He grabbed another and confetti fell from the sky.  The Boss cackled, “Not this time…”  Wesley looked back at the mirror ready to make a run for it, but Fifi sparked a token shaped like a lighter and the mirror burst into blue flames.  Wesley grabbed at another token and a flock of doves appeared out of the sky ready to knock the Boss and her followers off of the platform, but again Fifi sparked the lighter and they were instantly surrounded along the whole walkway with flames that were mercilessly hot as the strong wind fanned them higher.  
     Wesley stumbled backwards and she stepped even closer.  He looked over at Helga with a pained look on his face, tears flowing as he pushed the mask towards her, “Just remember not to let yourself get corrupted. She’s going to try to make a deal.”    Helga picked up the mask and he said, “You’re going to have to reinvent yourself.” She looked down into the mirror mask and saw the same frightened little girl that first met Wesley.  
     “Any closing statements?”  The Boss started to rub the two coins together and they made a low humming noise as they warmed up.  “Ars longa, vita brevis,” Wesley said looking back defiantly.  The Boss snorted, “You know how I hate poetry.”  She placed the two humming coins over her eyes and they began glowing white hot again.  Helga held onto Wesley, squeezing him tight as his eyes began to glow.  The screeching erupting from The Boss’s mouth became overwhelming once more, but she refused to let go. Wesley cried out in pain.  As the noise subsided Helga looked down at her best friend’s lifeless body.  She buried herself in his chest weeping weakly.  
    “Excuse me,” the Boss said as she tossed Helga roughly aside and collected the two coins over his eyes.  Helga sat in the middle of the pink walkway surrounded by flames beside the body of her mentor.  Her breathing was heavy, but she gathered every bit of strength she could holding tightly onto the mask and placing it over her face.    “Now I’ll tell you what.  I’m a smart business woman and something tells me you’ve got a bit of a mind for business as well. I need to minimize losses here, and I think you would be a valuable asset to my team.  You can have Fifi’s job.”  “Hey!”  Fifi yelled, but the Boss held up her hand silencing her.  Helga wiped her face and straightened her mask.  She did not want to risk sounding weak by her voice cracking, so she just shook her head staring down at the black high heeled shoes of the woman who took everything from her.  
     Her mind was scrambling on how to escape.  Wesley had taught her a lot, but the whole situation was too heavy to overcome.  He taught her to remember to hold onto hope like-  Helga froze solid.  She looked back up at the Boss with a smile.  She clutched onto her token once more and transformed her outfit into a big blue hoopskirt dress with Victorian hair and an umbrella.  “What in the world are you doing?  You know, I really thought that you might have been a little crazy when turned down a job with me, but now I know you are because you’re here making a dress for yourself instead of trying to save your life.  Unless of course that’s your big plan again, destroy me with fashion.”  The Boss laughed along with her minions, but Helga stood her ground unwavering.
     “No, this is just for flair.  I’ve got something that you don’t have to get me out of this one.”  The Boss raised her eyebrows completely annoyed as Helga held up the pebble that Wesley had convinced her to hold onto.  “A rock?  You know at first I was convinced that I was going up against some big benevolent force, but I was wrong I was going against a little boy in a dress,”  the Boss looked back at her companions licking her teeth, “and his fat pudgy cow of a companion. Tell me, how is life down on the farm?” Helga’s eyes squinted like a scope targeting the hateful woman who had wronged her over and over.  
     With one swift smash Helga flung the pebble against the glass walkway causing it to crack.  Helga smashed the crack with her heels twice as the Boss screamed, “Stop her!”  On the third stomp of her boots under the massive hoop skirt the entire glass walkway shattered. 
Chapter 23
All the bodies on the walkway were tossed into the air like ragdolls, with the exception of Helga’s, as she was floated to the ground with the help of her big hoop skirt and umbrella.  
     Helga looked back at the squirming bodies of the Boss’s party and decided not to go back, as she saw the Boss already starting to stand up.  She was, however close enough to Wesley’s body to grab the mask and an unknown token in the shape of a fairy off his neck before she heard the words, “CAPTURE THAT PIG OF A GIRL!”  Helga felt the rain begin to drizzle and she kissed Wesley’s face before bolting in the opposite direction.  She was not exactly sure where she was going, but at the moment anywhere was better than here.  
     She ran and ran and heard the footsteps of her attackers clomping along in the mud behind her.  At this point, her hair was completely soaked and her legs utterly exhausted, but she forced her body to move on.  She tripped on the root of a tree that was sticking out of the ground and took a tumble down a soft muddy hill.  Thankfully she did not hit any of the massive black boulders beside her. 
      She just lay there for a minute unsure where to go or what to do.  She thought that she should probably change her outfit, as the one she was wearing was very impractical and completely covered in mud.  She changed into a sunset colored blouse and a pair of khaki shorts.  Helga looked at the pants for a moment confused by the purplish hue to them as it certainly was not anything that she thought up; was it the fact that her concentration was lacking, as the massive group of minions was just minutes away from capturing and killing her for good?  She looked up and saw the cause of the purplish glow.  It was the river.  And sitting beside the bank of the river was a big fat-headed guardian angel, Raul. 
     He was sitting under a canopy that he had fashioned to the top of the boat and gnawing on an ear of corn and listening to a tiny radio playing tropical music.  He had since replaced the birds picking up his braids with two tropical toucans.  The birds look none too pleased at their task, but they somehow managed to lighten severity of the situation.  
     Helga began waving her arms wildly and running towards him screaming, “RAUL!! RAUL!!! YOU HAVE TO SAVE ME!!! MAKE ROOM ON THE BOAT!!! THEY’RE COMING TO GET ME!!”  Raul instantly sprang to life, deeply disturbed by the second appearance of the girl.  He grabbed onto one of the wooden oars and held up his hands, “Hold on there little missy.  What is all this nonsense about someone chasing you huh?!  You need to just take a deep breath and calm down.  I can’t go losing my head every time you get in a tizzy.”
     Helga pointed to Fifi and the group of corporate lackeys that erupted over the bank and were starting to make their way down the hill with some difficulty.  She kept poking at the air as if she were jabbing a very stubborn animal, but Raul was too concerned with eating his ear of corn to pay attention.  
     Finally Helga snatched the corn out of his hands and chucked it at a very unsuspecting tiny dwarf minion that fell ungracefully off the hill. “HEY,” Raul shouted annoyed that he had lost his snack.  Raul’s eyes travelled over to the sinister looking characters in suits, “HEY! HEY! Are those,” Helga simply nodded her head.  “And they’re coming to…?” Helga nodded again.  “Good golly woman, every time I meet you I swear you manage to cause more chaos than my aunt Margery in a ceramic shop… by the way have I ever told you about my aunt Margery and the time that she was in a ceramic shop?”
      Helga grabbed the oars and started rowing quickly, but Raul grabbed them back and started to row. “It was just a question… You didn’t have to go and take my oars.  I am still captain of this vessel, even if it is a one man crew now.”  Helga was too caught up with the villains that were slowly disappearing into the background as the boat entered a tiny cave.  
     Helga collapsed onto the back of the boat, which again unsettled Raul who was a bit grouchier than her last encounter with him.  “Hey! Watch it now.  I’ve got to keep this boat steady.  I’ve been more apt to fall off every now and then since I’ve lost poor Henry.  Do you want to know what happened to him?” 
      Helga looked up at the stalactites hanging from the top of the cave, as if they had the answer to whether or not she should go into detail about how she alreadyy knew what happened because she was the little girl that sparked the rebellion, but he seemed so excited that she let him continue on as she just let out a guttural noise.  “Of course you do, don’t be ridiculous.  He’s decided to go out and live his dreams of becoming a professional wrestler.  I’ve gone and seen him in a match too down at the Port city.  Almost couldn’t believe my eyes.  He’s quite good too.  I suppose it was all those years of being a human bench, building up that lower back strength.”  Helga just nodded and smiled.  She was happy for Henry.  Henry was only one of the millions of poor souls she had set free to live their dreams.
     “We should go see him!” Raul laughed with excitement at the idea, causing the boat to shake.  You could tell by the way he clutched onto the sides of the boat that he was not joking about the boat tipping over a lot more since Henry had retired from his slave duties.  “We could get there in just a few hours if we keep going this way, unless of course you want to go back and meet your friends that seem very eager to catch up with you.  What did you do anyway?”  
     Helga was not entirely sure how many people knew about her involvement in everything, but she decided the best thing would be to keep it secret for now.  She had no idea how many spies the Boss had out there and without Wesley watching her back she did not want to take any chances.  “Ummm… I owe a lot of taxes.  Like a whole lot of taxes,” Helga said, and Raul nodded several times with everything clicking into place for him.  “Ahhhh! Say no more, say no more.  I’ve had my fair share of run-ins with the tax man.  I would use an alias if I were you.  They’ve got people everywhere, including Port city.”  
     Helga thought that Raul had a smart idea for once.  She watched the shadows flicker on the walls of the cave, as she thought about what sort of disguise to use.  She thought the shadows almost looked like the people chasing her.  She saw their outlines moving together as an angry mob.  As the moved further along the shadows became mixed with flashes of color.   She watched the shadows dance into a multi colored display she was reminded of Wesley and decided to take some inspiration from him. 
      She held onto the token and squeezed her eyes tight.  Her outfit transformed once more from the blouse into something far more unique than she had ever imagined up before.  She gave herself a set of prosthetic goats legs and a satchel.  She had a pair of prosthetic horns on top of her head and created make-up that accentuated her masculine features.  By the time she was finished she had completely transformed into the perfect image of a boy satyr.  
     “HOLY GEEZ!!! Could you please consider warning the captain of the ship before you pull any other crazy stunts like that!?!”  Raul was frightened by the magic of the token and seemed so off put by it, that he did not ask any other questions regarding how she transformed other than, “Ummm… should I still address you as a she or is it… I’m just very confused.”  Helga told him that he could call her whatever he wanted, but if he felt conflicted about it, as she saw he did, he could feel free to call her friend.  
    Helga had to admit that she was very happy she was travelling along with Raul, whose stories about his long distance family members filled up the greater part of the distance to the Port City.  As he became more engulfed in his story telling and jokes, he seemed to completely toss out the earlier discomfort that he felt from her transformation.  She wondered how long it would take for the Boss to start sending people to search for her, and knew that she would waste no time in starting her reorganization of the world now that Wesley was gone and no longer in her way.  She was right.
     While Helga’s boat drifted through the cave protected from the storm that was showering overhead, there was a storm of a different kind forming.  As Fifi and the others returned to the Boss filthy and soaking, they explained their failure causing her to take out her anger on all, but Fifi.  
     She wiped out the entire group of followers in a matter of minutes leaving Fifi begging for her life, “Please! I know where she’s going!! I know where she’s going and how to take her down.”  The Boss stopped just as she was about to end Fifi’s life, and instead opened the door to her car saying only, “Results.  That’s all I’m looking for.”  
     The two got into the car and wiped themselves off with a towel from the mortified driver who had just witnessed the events outside of the vehicle.  Fifi stammered cold and scared, “She’s going to the Port City.  We need to hide the body… the Goddess we should hide her body and instead of using it to show our power we use it to gain the people’s trust.”
       The Boss took a few sips of her hot coffee that sprung out of an automated function from the seat in front of her.  “I’m listening,” she took another sip.  “Well, you see all of these people love her, they adore her and follow her blindly because they think she just saved their lives.  Nobody really knows what she looks like though because she… he… whatever, the Goddess was always wearing that mask.  So, we have one of our people wear that mask and suddenly we have these people following us blindly.  They’ll do whatever we say without question, and if they don’t then we take them out.”  
    The Boss set down the cup onto the black tray in front of her.  An automated arm grabbed the cup and tucked the whole tray into a compartment in the seat.  “I like it.  We have to move fast though.  They can’t know anything happened here tonight.  I want a team of creatures dedicated to keeping this secret.  Destroy the evidence.  Driver, take us to the Corporation.  We’ve got work to do, and keep that disgusting animal off of the leather seats.”  
    The driver nodded as she picked up the tiny creature with big eyes and placed him on one of the gauges of her ears as he began to spin around in circles anxiously.  She said, “It’s okay Peanut,” and began the long drive to the Corporation.
     Back in the tiny boat Helga looked up, watching the top of the cave transform into the tangerine and red mixture of the open sky.  Her thoughts went back to Wesley.  She missed him so much already and had to find a way to keep his dream alive.  She looked down at the mask he left to her.  She would have to use it.  She would have to become the Goddess again and avenge her own death and Wesley’s.  Maybe she could use The Boss’s token to get back to Ethan to help him out wherever he was.  Nothing was certain, except that Wesley was dead and that death was only the beginning.  
     
          
     
     
     
  



        
     

 

